New York  CNN  -- Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn was granted bail Thursday after being indicted on charges related to the alleged assault of a maid in his New York hotel Saturday . "  It 's a great relief to the family to be able to have him with them , " defense attorney Bill Taylor said to reporters outside the courtroom . He said his client would spend Thursday night at the jail on Rikers Island before being released Friday . The next court appearance , an arraignment , is slated for June 6 . Supreme Court Judge Michael Obus granted the bail on the condition that Strauss-Kahn post $ 1 million in cash , that he also post a bond for $ 5 million , that he surrender his travel documents and that he submit to home detention . The announcement came shortly after his indictment on seven criminal charges was announced . They are : two counts of criminal sexual act , two counts of sexual abuse , and one count each of attempt to commit rape , unlawful imprisonment and forcible touching . In the charge of criminal sexual act in the first degree , Strauss-Kahn is accused of having "  engaged in oral sexual conduct with an individual ... by forcible compulsion , " the indictment says . "  Under American law , these are extremely serious charges , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance told reporters outside the courtroom . "  The defendant was indicted on all the charges presented to the grand jury , " he said . Strauss-Kahn resigned from his IMF post on Wednesday . As he entered the courtroom for the bail hearing , he looked at his wife , seated in the front row , and smiled . Strauss-Kahn on Monday had been denied bail , with the criminal court judge saying his attempt to leave the country after the alleged incident made him a flight risk . His lawyer argued Thursday that Strauss-Kahn had been scheduled to leave New York and fly to Paris on Saturday using a ticket he had bought on May 11 . Taylor said Strauss-Kahn had called the Sofitel hotel from John F. Kennedy International Airport to locate his cell phone , which he had left in the hotel , then called a second time as his plane was boarding to request that its delivery be hastened . Instead , police at the airport took him into custody . Taylor noted that his client resigned his position as IMF chief on Wednesday , and had surrendered his passport and a U.N.-issued travel document . "  In our view , no bail is required , " the lawyer said . "  He has one interest at this time and that is to clear his name . " Taylor added that Strauss-Kahn had agreed to live with his wife in an apartment in Manhattan after his release . Prosecutor John McConnell argued the high-profile economist had no right to bail . "  While there is presumption of innocence , the proof is substantial and it is growing every day , " he said , adding that the forensic evidence is consistent with an attack and the alleged victim has identified Strauss-Kahn as her attacker . McConnell noted that France does not extradite its own nationals , and said Strauss-Kahn 's departure on Saturday from the hotel was in haste , suggesting "  something went on in that hotel room . " For his part , Obus said he was solely concerned about ensuring Strauss-Kahn returns to face charges . "  We do n't want his money , " he said . "  We just want to make sure he comes back . He has resources to live comfortably in his own country . " As the hearing recessed , Strauss-Kahn blew his wife a kiss . Meanwhile , Strauss-Kahn 's alleged victim , a 32-year-old Guinean maid for the Sofitel hotel , testified before the grand jury on Wednesday , according to an attorney representing her . "  If you 've had any experience with someone who has been traumatized by sexual assault , reliving it in your mind is hard enough , " attorney Jeffrey Shapiro said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Thursday . "  Having to recount it , even to a therapist , is difficult , much less having to talk about it on the record in front of a grand jury . I mean , it 's extremely difficult , and nonetheless she 's making it through this . " The case has set French political circles abuzz , as the international economist was widely considered the French Socialist Party 's best hope to unseat President Nicolas Sarkozy in next year 's elections . In a statement released Thursday , Sarkozy called Strauss-Kahn 's resignation "  inevitable " and called for an "  open and transparent selection process " for Strauss-Kahn 's replacement . In a brief letter to the IMF executive board late Wednesday , Strauss-Kahn proclaimed his innocence . He said he was stepping down to "  protect this institution which I have served with honor and devotion , and especially -- especially -- I want to devote all my strength , all my time and all my energy to proving my innocence . " "  To all , I want to say that I deny with the greatest possible firmness all of the allegations that have been made against me , " he said . In his letter , Strauss-Kahn said he felt compelled to resign . "  I think at this time first of my wife -- whom I love more than anything -- of my children , of my family , of my friends , " he wrote . "  I think also of my colleagues at the Fund ; together we have accomplished such great things over the last three years and more . " While the search begins to replace him , the first deputy managing director , John Lipsky , will lead the fund , the IMF said in a statement . "  As acting managing director , John Lipsky will provide able and experienced leadership to the fund at this critical time for the global economy , " Geithner said in a statement Thursday . "  We want to see an open process that leads to a prompt succession for the fund 's new managing director . " In statements , South Africa called for a candidate from a developing country to be named as Strauss-Kahn 's successor , while Brazil called for establishing criteria and conducting a thorough search . On Thursday , Lipsky urged policy makers to work together to strengthen the global economy . "  I deeply regret the circumstances that have made it necessary for me to substitute for the fund 's managing director , " Lipsky said in a speech at the annual meeting of the Bretton Woods Committee in Washington . Prosecutors allege that a naked Strauss-Kahn , 62 , chased the housekeeping employee through his suite and sexually assaulted her . But defense attorney Benjamin Brafman disputed the allegation , saying "  forensic evidence , we believe , will not be consistent with a forcible account , and we believe there is a very , very defensible case . " Strauss-Kahn allegedly committed the offenses at noon . He checked out of the hotel at 12:28 p.m. and went to a previously scheduled lunch about 12:45 p.m. , according to a document supporting his motion to approve bail . The lunch was with one of his daughters , according to a source with knowledge of the case . After lunch , he was driven to John F. Kennedy International Airport and boarded an Air France flight that was scheduled to depart at 4:45 p.m. , the bail document says . As he sat in first class awaiting takeoff and a planned meeting the next day with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin , followed by a meeting with European finance ministers on Monday in Brussels , his world of power and privilege came crashing down . Police , alerted by hotel staff to the employee 's accusations , ordered him off the plane and placed him in custody . Strauss-Kahn was examined for scratches and DNA samples were taken , and investigators searched for other evidence in the suite , including possible bodily fluids from both individuals , a law enforcement official told CNN . He consented to the testing after investigators prepared a search warrant , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to release the information . Strauss-Kahn became embroiled in sexual controversy soon after joining the IMF in September 2007 . He acknowledged reports that he 'd had an improper physical relationship with a female employee . But the relationship was consensual , an independent inquiry found , and the IMF 's executive board concluded in October 2008 that "  there was no harassment , favoritism or any other abuse of authority by the managing director . " Nevertheless , the board found "  that the incident was regrettable and reflected a serious error of judgment , " the IMF said in a written statement . On Thursday , the IMF sent reporters updated standards for staff conduct that were approved May 6 . Under the organization 's new policy on closer personal relationships in the workplace , a supervisor who has an intimate personal relationship with a subordinate must report that relationship to the ethics adviser , his or her supervisor or the human resources department "  to seek resolution of potential conflict of interests and workplace fairness concerns , " the new standards say . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Strauss-Kahn will spend Thursday night at Rikers Island NEW : He is to be released Friday The bail conditions include $ 1 million cash and $ 5 million bond Strauss-Kahn says he felt compelled to resign as chief of the IMF
The U.N. Security Council and U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday called for both sides in Sri Lanka 's civil war to protect civilians and allow humanitarian aid into the conflict zone , where tens of thousands are trapped . President Obama criticized the Tamil Tigers for using civilians as "  human shields . " In a statement at the White House , Obama urged Sri Lankan government troops to halt the "  indiscriminate " shelling of civilians trapped with the remnants of the country 's Tamil Tiger rebels and demanded the rebels stop using civilians as "  human shields . " Security Council members issued a statement demanding "  that all parties respect their obligations under international humanitarian law . " Though the rebels once controlled much of northeastern Sri Lanka , government troops have forced them from all but a small portion of the island since November . The remaining rebel force is pinned down on a narrow strip on the island 's northern coast , but more than 50,000 civilians are trapped there as well , the United Nations estimates . Anna Neistat , of the New York-based Human Rights Watch , told CNN that both sides in the conflict are guilty of "  egregious violations " of humanitarian law . "  I think the government claims that they 're not using heavy weapons do not pass the laugh test any more , " she said . "  Witnesses are telling us about the shelling . We also get photos of remnants of the shells that hit the areas . " U.N. spokesman Gordon Weiss told CNN on Monday that hundreds of civilians died during weekend fighting because the Sri Lankan army had put residents in the crossfire , and Obama and the Security Council urged the government to live up to its commitment to stop using heavy weapons . Neistat said at least 30 hospitals had been attacked in the conflict zone as well . Meanwhile , the Tigers -- who have been branded a terrorist organization by the United States , more than 30 other countries and the European Union -- are refusing to let the civilians who surround them evacuate , Neistat said . "  Witnesses are telling us that they were not allowed to leave , that those who tried to leave were shot at by the Tamil Tigers , " she said . The group , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , have fought for an independent state in Sri Lanka since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and nearly 200,000 people are now sheltering in camps across the country 's north . Obama called on the remaining rebels "  to lay down their arms and let civilians go . " "  Their forced recruitment of civilians and their use of civilians as human shields is deplorable . These tactics will only serve to alienate all those who carry them out , " he said . Obama also said government troops "  should stop the indiscriminate shelling that has taken hundreds of innocent lives " in recent days . A Red Cross worker was killed Wednesday during shelling in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka -- the third aid worker killed in six weeks -- the International Committee of the Red Cross said . The fighting between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil Tigers has intensified in the conflict area to the point that the Red Cross can not get food to that area or help the sick and wounded , said Sarasi Wijeratne , a Red Cross spokeswoman . "  Without urgent action , this humanitarian crisis could turn into a catastrophe , " Obama said . "  Now 's the time , I believe , to put aside some of the political issues that are involved and to put the lives of the men and women and children who are innocently caught in the crossfire , to put them first . "	NEW : Security Council demands all parties respect international humanitarian law Obama criticizes the Tamil Tigers for using civilians as "  human shields " He also calls on government to stop using heavy weapons , allow aid in Tamil Tigers have been fighting for an independent state for ethnic Tamil minority
EW.com  -- At the end of last season on "  The Big Bang Theory , " Sheldon finally had to cope with not getting what he wanted in his career . That 's not a problem Jim Parsons is dealing with these days . In addition to his two Emmy nominations -- one for playing Sheldon Cooper , the other for Tommy Boatwright in the gut-wrenching HBO movie "  The Normal Heart " -- Parsons ' salary for "  Big Bang " skyrocketed from $ 350,000 per episode to $ 1 million after a contract dispute that pushed back production on the eighth season . After a week-long delay , production began on Aug. 6 . Parsons sees the whole brouhaha as a simple issue . "  I always thought everything would be worked out by the start date -LSB- July 30 -RSB- , " he tells EW . "  When it was n't , it certainly was n't a good feeling , but there was absolutely no getting around the fact that everything had to be dealt with and finished before we could get back . " He says reports of the dispute were overblown . "  You see the word ` strike ' -- ` They 're walking out ! ' -- but there was nothing to walk out from , " he says with a laugh . "  That 's always hard , because part of you wants to explain to people what 's really going on . ` Do n't worry , we 're not leaving , we want to do the show . ' " As for all those zeroes ? "  I came from a family in Texas who simply never spoke about money , " he says . "  When suddenly everybody is guessing , or some even getting close , to the ballpark of what you 're earning -- well , that 's interesting , that everyone knows what you make . It is what it is , and the job is so wonderful that those minor oddities are well worth the ride . " Looking forward to the Emmys , Parsons has different feelings about his very different nominations . "  To be nominated again for Big Bang , is at least as touching to me , if not more so now , than it was the first time , " he says . "  Look , I 'm only human and therefore there 's a part of me that 's waiting for people to say , ` Enough of you ! ' " As for his nomination for "  Normal Heart , " "  I would be lying if I said it did n't feel really good to know that people had seen and thought it was also good work , because again , it is such a different ball of wax from the life of Sheldon . " See the original story at EW.com . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Parsons has been nominated for his show and "  The Normal Heart " He said he thought contract dispute would be worked out Parsons feels good about his Emmy nominations
BEIJING  CNN  -- Thousands of passengers were stranded Tuesday morning after dozens of early morning flights were either canceled or delayed due to a thick , dark cloud of smog that rolled through the Chinese capital . The haze prompted 34 flight cancellations and delayed 98 others after visibility dropped to less than 200 meters in the airspace surrounding Beijing , state media reported . Air carriers resumed normal flight schedules as of 10 a.m.  local  , according to Xinhua . But the city 's air quality continued to be listed as "  fair . " The U.S. Embassy , which reports pollution levels on its Twitter feed , said the accumulation of air particles was "  beyond index " for most of the morning , which means the pollution exceeded the scale used to measure it . The U.S. Embassy and Chinese officials use different systems to measure air pollution . The U.S. Embassy 's air quality monitor includes smaller particles that are less than 2.5 micrometers in diameter . The U.S. Consulate General in Guangzhou , China , explains that these smaller particles "  are believed to pose the largest health risks " and "  are small enough to get into the lungs and even the blood stream . " Last month , Beijing 's Capital International Airport canceled more than 200 incoming and outgoing flights and delayed more than 125 others because of smog . Analysts have blamed the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrialization . Beijing , for instance , burned some 27 million tons of coal in 2010 , according to state-run media . Despite efforts to limit the number cars with an auto-plate lottery , it 's estimated that Beijing now has over 5 million cars , up from about 3.5 million in 2008 . Pollution is more acute because of the sheer size of the city 's population  17 million  and the rapid speed of its economic growth , experts say . CNN 's Haolan Hong contributed to this report	Thousands of passengers were stranded Tuesday morning due to a thick dark cloud of smog The haze prompted 34 flight cancellations and delayed 98 others Visibility dropped to less than 200 meters in the airspace surrounding Beijing , state media reported . Analysts have blamed the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrialization
CNN  -- A return to democracy hung in the balance in impoverished Mali on Wednesday as supporters of the West African nation 's military coup leader clamored for him to head the interim government . Capt. Amadou Sanogo 's supporters called for the resignation of Dioncounda Traore , who was beaten and rushed to a hospital with head injuries after hundreds of protesters stormed the presidential palace Monday . Traore , 70 , left Mali on Wednesday for medical treatment in Paris , said a presidential aide who did not want to be named for security reasons . Bamako , the capital , was calm but tense Wednesday evening amid a strong police and military presence . "  The people want Sanogo to come back for the transition of power , " said El Hadj Bamba Mohammed , a spokesman for one of the groups backing Sanogo . Traore 's term as interim president had been set to expire Tuesday . However , the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  , which has tried to broker a return to civilian rule after the March 22 coup , decided to let Traore remain in charge for a year to oversee a transition back to democracy . That deal included recognizing Sanogo as former head of state , with a salary and mansion . Over the weekend , Sanogo agreed to abide by the decision . But his supporters stood defiantly against the regional bloc . Mali experienced two decades of democratic rule and was hailed as an example of African stability . But it plunged into chaos after the coup that ousted President Amadou Toumani Toure from power . Sanogo and his fellow officers complained that Toure had failed to properly equip soldiers battling a growing insurgency by separatist Tuareg rebels in the country 's north . Tuareg rebels capitalized on the trouble in Bamako in the south and took over chunks of territory in the north . Islamists now control two-thirds of the country , and many fear they will benefit further from delays in transitioning back to civilian rule . Protesters said Traore , a former parliamentary speaker , was part of a self-serving political elite that has misruled the country for years . "  People have no faith in the politicians to organize elections and resolve the situation in the north , " said Youssouf Kone , the leader of several groups demanding the president 's resignation . "  That 's why they want Sanogo to return to power in the role of president , " Kone said . John Campbell , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said the perceived elite includes French speakers , "  movers and shakers " and those with access to government contracts and the economy . "  Those elites and the institutions through which they work is not seen as very relevant by the mass of people in Bamako , " Campbell said . "  You are talking about poor , marginalized people as seeing the military as grounds for hope . " The African policy expert said the United States will continue to support pressure by ECOWAS on the military junta . That could come in the form of financial sanctions , as was the case in 2011 against former Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo . Mali , which does not have a robust economy or array of natural resources , could especially feel the pinch . "  It 's intrinsically one of the poorest countries in the world , " said Campbell . "  The country is going into a major food security issue because of the ongoing drought . " In the north , Islamist rebels destroyed a monument to those who died in the struggle against dictator Moussa Traore in 1991 . "  This is very serious , " said Ousmane Halle , mayor of the fabled city of Timbuktu , now under the control of Ansar Dine , a militant group that seeks to impose strict Sharia , or Islamic law . Witness Sankoum Sissoko said the rebels attacked the monument Tuesday evening , shouting : "  Shame on all those who do n't believe in Allah . " Earlier this month , Islamists burned a tomb listed as a UNESCO World Heritage site . A vast country of few inhabitants  15 million  and searing desert , Mali lies at an awkward intersection in Africa . To the north is a 1,200 kilometer border with Algeria , to the east Niger with its own restive Tuareg minority , to the west Mauritania . Derek Henry Flood , a geopolitical analyst based in New York , said the Tuareg rebellion is a direct result of the Libyan war . Well-armed Tuareg separatists who sought refuge in Libya and fought for Moammar Gadhafi 's regime returned to Mali after he was overthrown and killed . "  His legacy is alive and well in the secession and Sharia  law  movement in Mali , " said Flood . The analyst said Sanogo 's objectives are not clear : "  Is he trying to buy time for himself to stay in power for some time ? " Like Campbell , Flood questioned how a group of protesters were able to invade the palace and severely beat Traore . "  Was that allowed to happen ? " Flood asked . "  Was the presidential security that weak ? " Problems in the capital appear to be having little impact on three northern regions under rebel control , said Campbell . An area the size of Texas is now beyond the government 's control . "  While all of this chaos is going on in Bamako , nothing is being done to send troops back to retake the north , " said Flood . Leaders of Ansar Dine and the secular National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , or MNLA , even with their divergent agendas , may be coming to an accord on ruling the north , according to Flood , adding Ansar Dine may be connected to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . The nightmare scenario for Western governments is that without the rapid re-establishment of civilian rule , parts of northern Mali , southern Algeria and Mauritania could become a safe haven for al Qaeda in the same way the group has exploited power vacuums in Yemen and Somalia . Mali , with all of its competing interests , is not seeing a power vacuum , Flood said . "  I would call it a power jumble . " Katarina Höije reported from Bamako , Mali . CNN 's Phil Gast reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Experts detail complexity of political , military situation Interim President Dioncounda Traore flies to France for medical treatment But supporters of coup leader Amadou Sanogo call for Traore 's immediate resignation Sanogo 's supporters say people have no faith in politicians
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should heed U.S. warnings to neither use nor move chemical or biological weapons , lest he risk crossing a "  red line " and provoke a U.S. military response , President Barack Obama said Monday . "  We can not have a situation where chemical or biological weapons are falling into the hands of the wrong people , " Obama told reporters at the White House . "  We have been very clear to the Assad regime -- but also to other players on the ground -- that a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized . "  That would change my calculus ; that would change my equation . " Obama added that U.S. officials are monitoring the situation "  very carefully " and have put together a number of contingency plans . Saudi support for Syrian rebels shaped by tribal , religious ties "  We have communicated in no uncertain terms with every player in the region that that 's a red line for us and that there would be enormous consequences if we start seeing movement on the chemical weapons front or the use of chemical weapons . " Obama 's remarks appeared to ratchet up his stance on the matter . Last month , talking about Syrian forces , he told a VFW convention , "  They will be held accountable by the international community and the United States should they make the tragic mistake of using those weapons . " The Syrian regime "  probably has the largest and most advanced chemical warfare program in the Arab world , " Michael Eisenstadt , director of the military and security studies program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , told CNN last month . It includes "  thousands of tube and rocket artillery rounds filled with mustard-type blister agents , thousands of bombs filled with the nerve agents sarin and possibly VX , and binary-type and cluster CW warheads filled with nerve agents for all its major missile systems . "  Its CW infrastructure is believed to include several production facilities and numerous storage sites , mostly dispersed throughout the western half of the country , " Eisenstadt said . Syria is thought to have a biological warfare research and development program , but is not known to have offensive biological warfare agents , Eisenstadt said . The nation is not a party to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . That 's the body of the Chemical Weapons Convention dedicated to eliminating the weapons . Israeli President Shimon Peres has said his country too is preparing contingency plans to attack Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal if Israel is directly threatened . In September 2007 , Israeli jets bombed a building in Syria that the U.N. nuclear agency eventually concluded was "  very likely a nuclear reactor . " Obama 's warning on Monday came as Muslims in Syria celebrated the second of three days of feasting to honor the end of the holy month of Ramadan , with the holiday 's message of amity and tolerance contrasting sharply with reality . U.N. observer mission in Syria ends , violence continues At least 150 people were killed Monday , including two children and their mother in Daraa , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . A Japanese journalist was killed during a gun battle in Aleppo , the Japanese foreign ministry said Tuesday . Mika Yamamoto , 45 , worked for the independent Japan Press news agency and had been reporting on the Free Syrian Army . Her body was taken to Turkey , where officials were working to get more information , the ministry said . Also among the dead in Syria were 10 bodies discovered splayed on the ground in the Damascus suburb of Qaboun . Video posted by activists showed at least one of the victims lying on his back , blindfolded , his arms stretched above his head . Others showed victims with bruised flesh and dark red splotches on their clothes . CNN can not authenticate the video . Another video , said to have been shot Sunday in the town of Talbeesa , north of Homs , showed children being pushed on swings . The swings are attached to the gun of a tank on which adults are standing , chanting , "  Victory for the rebels ! " In a third video , showing the same tank , a man says to the camera , "  We will enter Homs with this tank and liberate all of Syria , God willing ! " Daraa province , where the conflict began in March 2011 as peaceful anti-government demonstrations , has suffered heightened violence in recent days . It is also the home province of Vice President Farouq al-Sharaa , who rebels say has defected from the regime . On Sunday , the charred bodies of 20 people were discovered in the Daraa city of Hirak , and 31 other people were killed in the province , the LCC said . Government forces executed 14 people in Daraa hours after they were detained , the opposition network said . Hirak took another beating Monday , when mortars and rockets rained down on the city , the LCC said . Inside Syria : Nobody imagined it would turn into this Since the Syrian crisis began 17 months ago , more than 20,000 people -- most of them civilians -- have been killed , opposition activists say . Complete coverage of CNN Inside Syria	A Japanese journalist is killed , the government says Tuesday At least 150 people were killed across Syria on Monday , opposition activists say Obama calls the movement or use of chemical or biological weapons a "  red line " Violence flares in Daraa , where peaceful anti-regime protests started in March 2011
CNN  -- A lockdown at an Ohio college was lifted Friday evening , hours after school officials received a "  threat of violence , " the college 's website said . The alert began around 11:30 a.m. Friday , after a letter sent to a College of Mount St. Joseph administrator threatened violence at the Cincinnati school , according to Delhi Township Police Lt. Darryl Haussler and college spokeswoman Betheny Herr . "  That is when we took action to put the entire campus community into lockdown mode , " Herr said . The school initiated its emergency plan -- including communicating to students , faculty and staff via Twitter , Facebook and text messages . According to a message on the school 's website , the order for students , faculty and staff at the college to remain where they were went out at 12:49 p.m. Hours later , the campus was secured and the college posted on its website that "  operations are back to normal . " "  Safety is the very first priority , " said Herr , adding that there was no evidence of violence or injuries found on the campus . Campus police will remain present to maintain safety , according to the website . The Delhi Township Police Department was among the agencies -- along with the Green Township Police Department and Hamilton County Police Association -- working with the College of Mount St. Joseph police to investigate the threat , escort people off campus and secure the campus , Haussler said . Classes will be back in session Saturday , the school said . The College of Mount St. Joseph is a Catholic liberal arts institution for 2,400 students -- 1,200 undergraduates and the rest in professional education programs -- located in Cincinnati , in southern Ohio . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	NEW : Lockdown is lifted , classes will be back in session Saturday , school website says A letter to a college administrator threatened violence Friday , a spokeswoman says There have been no reports of violence or injuries , Betheny Herr adds
CNN  -- There are certain elements of leadership that survive the centuries -- that are classical , says John Prevas , co-author of "  Power Ambition Glory : The Stunning Parallels between Great Leaders of the Ancient World and Today . " And while these features are n't necessarily a guarantee of success in the modern world , they can provide professionals with a framework around which success can be built , he says . So which leaders from the ancient past should you be looking to model your career on ? Alexander the Great  356-323 BC Alexander III of Macedon is the standard for leadership by which all others are measured , Prevas says . But does he merit his place as a leadership icon ? "  It 's questionable , " says Prevas . On the one hand , Alexander had a capacity for intense focus and was willing to sacrifice friends , family and personal fortunes to reach the top . But ambition fueled by a massive ego eventually proved to be Alexander 's undoing , Prevas argues . Having defeated King Darius III in the Battle of Issus , the Persian king offered the marauding youngster the western half of his Persian Empire in return for his family who had been captured by the Macedonian army . Alexander 's most senior commander , Parmenio , urged his young master to accept Darius 's proposal and consolidate his power in the region . But Alexander ignored the advice , choosing instead to resume his conquest , capturing the Persian capital of Persepolis before hunting down and killing Darius . From there , Alexander continued eastwards conquering large parts of south central Asia before heading to India . But it was here that Alexander 's exhausted army refused to carry on , thus ending his eastern escapade . Ancient quote : "  I see no limits to what a man of ability can accomplish . " Modern lesson : Youth is no barrier to success . Be bold and learn to focus on your task , but do n't let your ambition or ego cloud your judgment . Listen to the advice of those more experienced than yourself . Xenophon  circa 435-circa 354 BC An aristocrat by birth , Xenophon was a Greek military leader . But unlike Alexander the Great , Xenophon did n't command by the force of his personality , says Prevas , but sought to forge a consensus . "  What makes Xenophon so unique as a leader is that he 's not a soldier , he 's a philosopher . He is elected by the soldiers to be one of the leaders based on his ability to articulate a course of action for them , " Prevas said . Xenophon was a student of Socrates and did n't believe in democratic rule but he actually functioned as a democratic leader , Prevas says , leading a potentially unruly army of Greek mercenaries successfully out of Persia by occupying the middle ground . Ancient quote : "  In life a leader must resign himself to expect anything and never count on anyone but himself . " Modern lesson : Tailor your message to your audience and be sensitive to the moods and opinions of the people you manage . Augustus  63 BC-AD 14 Julius Caesar famously built the Roman Empire by conquest , but it was Augustus , his nephew and first Roman Emperor , who administered it and took it to its greatest heights , says Prevas . Augustus believed that the conquering achievements of Alexander the Great were actually easy when compared to the task of administering and building an empire , Prevas says . "  He was a great administrator who made the political and economic foundation of Rome that lasted for the next 300 years , " Prevas said . Ancient quote : "  That which has been done well enough has been done quickly enough . " Modern lesson : Augustus said : "  Make haste slowly . " In other words , Prevas says , move cautiously and thoughtfully in everything you do . Cleopatra  69 BC-30 BC Ancient Egypt 's last pharaoh is often feted for her seductive beauty . But Cleopatra was also a woman of high intelligence , as evidenced by her grasp of several languages , says Sean Easton , assistant professor of classics at Gustavus Adolphus College in Minnesota . "  One of our principal sources for Cleopatra 's life , Plutarch  the 2nd century biographer  , says that in fact she rarely needed an interpreter to deliver her decisions to the representatives of foreign peoples , " Easton said . She was a tenacious and resourceful leader who adopted a "  hands-on " approach to power , consolidating her position through civil war with her brother and sister  Ptolemy XIII and Arsinoe IV  , he says . Furthermore , Easton says , "  she was a realist and was n't afraid to gamble on bringing in a more powerful ally when that was what the situation called for , " as shown by her personal and political courtship of Julius Caesar and Rome . Ancient quote : Easton says Cleopatra 's attitude to power and life could be best summed up with the phrase , "  Let it be done . " Modern lesson : Leaders who back up their god-given attributes with hard work and imagination can create a formidable business package .	Today 's professionals can learn much from the ancients Alexander the Great was notable for his "  intense focus " but was undone by his ego Lesser-known leaders like Xenophon are good examples of leading by consensus Cleopatra was a realist and was n't afraid to team up with a partner
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has urged the leaders of Madagascar to resolve their differences after an anti-government rally a day earlier turned violent and left more than two dozen people dead . Protesters rally Saturday before violence broke out near the Presidential Palace . In a statement issued by his spokesperson , Ban deplored the violence and called Sunday on authorities "  to urgently initiate a fair process by which those responsible will be brought to justice . " Ban also blamed the "  tragedy " on a "  lack of restraint on all sides . " "  The Secretary-General calls upon all concerned parties to resolve their differences through peaceful and democratic means and through the exercise of responsible leadership , " according to the statement . A police official said the death toll from Saturday 's violence outside the Presidential Palace in the capital city of Antananarivo had risen to 26 . More than 80 were injured during the demonstration , officials said . The capital city was quiet as mourners attended a public ceremony for the dead . The violence stemmed from an ongoing dispute over who is in charge of the government . Andry Rajoelina , the mayor of Antananarivo , took to the streets one week ago , declaring himself the Indian Ocean island nation 's leader after a week of violence and looting that killed at least 80 people and wounded more than 300 . Watch an iReport on the Madagascar violence " But President Marc Ravalomanana has fired him and put someone else in the mayoral job . Rajoelina had called the rally to unveil his new government at the May 13th Plaza , according to Brittany Martin , an American citizen who is a Harvard Fellow and lives in Antananarivo . Martin said the rally was peaceful in the morning hours of Saturday , until gunshots rang out in the afternoon after the protesters marched from the plaza to the palace . She said it was unclear where the shots were coming from . Some media reports blamed foreign mercenaries for the shootings ; others said army guards were responsible or that the army was firing at the mercenaries to protect the crowd . Violence in Madagascar began January 26 , when protesters stormed state-run television and radio stations in Antananarivo . Hours earlier , the government had shut down a radio station owned by Rajoelina and , weeks ago , had similarly shut down Rajoelina 's television station after it aired an interview with ex-President Didier Ratsiraka . See pictures from last week 's upheaval " Ravalomanana took power in 2001 after ousting Ratsiraka in a tense , hotly contested election . Ratsiraka fled to France afterward . Loyalists blame Ratsiraka 's family members for inciting the recent trouble . Anger has risen in Madagascar , where the World Bank says the average person earns about $ 320 a year , over reports that Ravalomanana recently bought a $ 60 million airplane . Rajoelina has urged supporters to demand the resignation of Ravalomanana and said he planned to take charge until a transition government could be established in the nation off Africa 's southeastern coast . Map " "  What we 've been pushing for is dialogue the whole time , " said Rodney Ford , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy . He said he had received reports that palace guards used tear gas and shot into the air to try and disperse the crowd . Journalist Dregoire Pourtier in Antananarivo , Madagascar , contributed to this report .	Ban blames the "  tragedy " on a "  lack of restraint on all sides " 26 dead , more than 80 wounded during an anti-government rally on Saturday Violence stems from a dispute over who is in charge of the government Andry Rajoelina , the mayor of Antananarivo , declares himself Madagascar 's leader
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. attorney general is trying to prevent immigration authorities from sending a Muslim woman to her home country , where she was a victim of female genital mutilation . Attorney General Michael Mukasey ordered an immigration court to reconsider an African woman 's case . In a stinging order overriding federal immigration courts , Mukasey blasted a decision that said a 28-year-old citizen and native of Mali should be expelled "  because her genitalia already had been mutilated -LSB- so -RSB- she had no basis to fear future persecution if returned to her home country . " Calling the rationale "  flawed , " Mukasey sent the case back to the Board of Immigration Appeals with orders to reconsider . The woman , a native of Mali , begged the court not to send her back to her Bambara tribe . The 28-year-old said if she returned and had a daughter , the child also would be subject to mutilation . The woman also said she faced forced marriage if she had to go home . Mukasey cited what he concluded were two significant factual errors in the court 's rejection of her appeal . "  Female genital mutilation is not necessarily a one-time event , " Mukasey said . He noted that the board in a previous case had granted asylum in to one woman whose "  vaginal opening was sewn shut approximately five times after being opened to allow for sexual intercourse and child birth . " He also concluded that the Board of Immigration Appeals was wrong to assume that the woman "  must fear persecution in exactly the same form -LSB- namely , repeat female genital mutilation -RSB- to qualify for relief . " Mukasey had been urged to look into the matter by angered members of Congress in the wake of the January decision . "  This recent action taken by the Board of Immigration Appeals is a step backward for the rights of women worldwide , " declared Rep. John Conyers , D-Michigan , in a January letter . "  Female genital mutilation is a gross violation of a woman 's human rights and has traditionally been grounds for the granting of an asylum claim , " Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D-California , said in the letter . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , issued a statement applauding Mukasey 's action , and declaring female genital mutilation a "  barbaric practice widely regarded as a human rights abuse . " The Justice Department acknowledged it is extraordinarily rare for an attorney general to jump into a relatively low-level immigration case . The immigration courts decide about 40,000 cases a year , and an attorney general has issued an opinion on a case only three times in the past three years . Female genital mutilation is common in parts of Africa , Asia and in some Arab countries , according to the United Nations . The operation is viewed by some ethnic groups as a means to control a woman 's sexuality and is sometimes a prerequisite for marriage or the right to inherit . The procedure can cause tissue injury , severe infection and fever , among other complications . The U.N. has recorded cases in which hemorrhaging and infection lead to death .	Court ruled that because woman already had surgery , she should not get asylum In rare move , Attorney General said court 's ruling was "  flawed " Michael Mukasey ordered court to reconsider its ruling Mali woman said she fears any daughter she had would be subject to mutilation
New York  CNN  -- Al Qaeda 's deadly attack on America 10 years ago solemnly reverberated Saturday on the eve of the anniversary , as Americans remembered the trauma and police stood guard from coast to coast amid ongoing fears of terror attacks . President Barack Obama and the first lady visited Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington to pay their condolences to families mourning the loss of family members who served in the military . They visited a section of the vast cemetery where people who served in Iraq and Afghanistan are buried . They embraced a young woman and walked hand in hand down a row of graves . Obama proclaimed this weekend , Friday though Sunday , as National Days of Prayer and Remembrance and will be attending memorial services at the attack sites in New York , Washington and western Pennsylvania . He also called on Americans to honor the victims of the terrorist attacks through activities such as prayer , memorial services , the ringing of bells and evening candlelight vigils . "  They wanted to terrorize us , but , as Americans , we refuse to live in fear , " Obama said in his weekly address Saturday . "  Yes , we face a determined foe , and make no mistake -- they will keep trying to hit us again . But as we are showing again this weekend , we remain vigilant . We 're doing everything in our power to protect our people . And no matter what comes our way , as a resilient nation , we will carry on . " Obama said the "  United States must not relax its counterterrorism efforts in the weeks and months that follow . " A solemn memorial service at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York included the recitation of the names of 343 firefighters who died at ground zero . Patrick Mate Lyons , who was born Oct. 7 , 2001 , read an open letter to his father , Patrick , one of the casualties . "  I want you to know that Mommy is doing a great job of loving me and raising me in a happy home , " Patrick said . "  I play flag football in the same league as you , and in the same position as you , as quarterback . In baseball , I pitch , just like you did . I really like it when people compare me to you . " Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano said he recalled seeing a firefighter searching for his sister , who was killed . "  It was then that the magnitude of the loss ... really began to sink into me . I realized the victims and their loved ones formed a far wider community than just the fire department . " Retired New York firefighter Rocco Chierichella recalled then-President George W. Bush 's visit to ground zero on Sept. 14 , 2001 . Chierichella yelled for Bush to speak louder to crews . "  I can hear you , the rest of the world hears you , " Bush said to cheers . "  And the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon . " Chierichella told CNN that firefighters who arrived after the first World Trade Center tower was hit "  did n't know this was an act of war . " But they knew they were in a "  war zone " after the second strike . "  These firefighters did n't know what to expect  next  . " Meanwhile , about 5,000 people joined hands in an unbroken chain along Manhattan 's West Side waterfront to remember the attacks . "  I felt it was important to recall and celebrate the generosity of spirit that united our community , city and nation , " event organizer Julie Menin said . "  I am delighted by the overwhelming and immediate outpouring of support by individuals and companies who contributed so generously to the success of this living memorial . Each participant is making a very personal statement . Yet by their individual presence , they are a multitude becoming one . " At the Pentagon , Bush and his wife , Laura , laid a wreath of flowers by the 9/11 stone . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen also attended . Bush also attended the dedication of the Flight 93 memorial in Shanksville , Pennsylvania . He was expected to join Obama in New York on Sunday . Bush gave an emotional speech , retelling the story of how the passengers of Flight 93 made the decision to take on their captors , losing their lives so that others could be saved . He called their action the first great counteroffensive of the war on terror . "  One of the lessons of 9/11 is that evil is real . And so is courage , " Bush said . Theirs was "  one of the most courageous acts in American history , " he said . Former President Bill Clinton echoed Bush 's sentiments . "  They saved the Capitol from attack , they saved who knows how many lives , " Clinton said at the site . Also Saturday , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie helped dedicate the Empty Sky Memorial at Liberty State Park in Jersey City . The memorial , which overlooks the Manhattan skyline and is in the shape of two rectangular towers , displays the name of 746 New Jersey residents who died in the attacks .	NEW : Retired firefighter recalls Bush visit to ground zero Service remembers 343 fallen NYC firefighters Empty Sky Memorial is dedicated in New Jersey President Obama , first lady visit Arlington National Cemetery
The Republican candidate for Senate in North Carolina brought in a foreign policy and national security heavyweight , a week after his opponent Sen. Kay Hagan 's Armed Services Committee attendance record became a lightning rod in the contentious race . Sen. John McCain joined state House Speaker Thom Tillis on the campaign trail Thursday in an effort to boost the Republican nominee 's national security credo in a race where the fight against ISIS has become a top campaign issue . As both candidates criticized President Barack Obama 's strategy in Iraq , McCain praised Tillis an "  experienced , talented , proven leader , " the Raleigh-based News & Observer reported . And McCain , who is also a member of the Armed Services Committee , gave weight to attacks against Hagan for missing more than half of all the committee 's public hearings in the last two years , as well as one classified briefing on ISIS and other national security threats with the Director of National Intelligence , which she missed for a fundraiser in New York . "  We hold hearings so that we can be better informed and when she does n't show up , obviously , it indicates that she 's not well-informed " McCain said according to the Associated Press . "  These are very , very serious times , and Sen. Hagan was n't there . " Hagan 's campaign has pushed back since Tillis and outside allies slammed Hagan in ads for missing the crucial briefing , asserting the Senator attended 98 % of the committee 's votes . Hagan 's camp has also fought back with an ad of its own , knocking Tillis for his own uninspiring attendance record in the state legislature , where he played hooky several times to fundraise for his campaign . Tillis beat back those accusations on a call with reporters last week saying , "  Quite honestly , if I had anything approaching the seriousness of the threat of ISIS , I would have canceled anything I was doing . " McCain 's presence next to Tillis , this time at an event with a veterans ' group , also served to deflect criticism that the North Carolina Republican has offered few specifics for how he would confront the ISIS threat . McCain has been one of the most vocal critics of the Obama administration 's strategy for confronting ISIS , particularly the White House 's public claim that the U.S. will not put American boots on the ground -- and that it can still defeat ISIS .	McCain joined Tillis in slamming Hagan 's Armed Services committee attendance record . ISIS has become a campaign issue after the Tillis campaign attacked Hagan 's hearing attendance .
The terrorist attack on a natural gas installation at In Amenas in eastern Algeria may be an isolated act of revenge for the French intervention in Mali -- or an ominous portent of things to come in North Africa , where Islamist militancy is gaining traction fast . The man claiming responsibility for the operation is a veteran jihadist who is also renowned for hostage-taking and smuggling anything from cigarettes to refugees . Read more : Islamists take foreign hostages in attack on Algerian oil field His name is Moktar Belmoktar , an Algerian who lost an eye while fighting in Afghanistan in his teens and has long been a target of French counter-terrorism forces . Today , he leads a group called Al-Mulathameen Brigade  The Brigade of the Masked Ones  , which is associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM .  In the last few years , he has cultivated allies and established cells far and wide across the region . Read more : Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants Assault on In Amenas The gas complex where Belmoktar 's followers struck at dawn Wednesday is in a region that has seen plenty of jihadist activity in recent years , in part because of the collapse of government authority across the Libyan border , just 50 kilometers  31 miles  from In Amenas . Counter-terrorism experts differ as to how the attackers - in several pickup trucks - may have reached In Amenas , but there are several roads and tracks across uninhabited desert from Libya . On the other side of the border , a patchwork of militia prevails rather than any government presence . A spokesman for Al-Mulathameen told Mauritanian news websites that the attack was in retaliation for Algeria permitting French overflights as part of the intervention in Mali . But regional analysts believe it was too sophisticated to have been planned in days . Robert Fowler , a former Canadian diplomat who was abducted by Belmoktar 's followers in Niger in 2008 -- and met the man himself -- told CNN , "  I suspect they have an intelligence wing and they are constantly looking for ways to grab westerners and embarrass the West and confuse our options . And that 's exactly what they are doing . " Read more : Fallout from Mali battle goes global after militants seize Westerners in Algeria In a 28-minute video that appeared on jihadist forums last month , Belmoktar warned that Al-Mulathameen would soon act against Western interests in the region . "  This is a promise from us that we will fight you in the midst of your countries and we will attack your interests , " he said . Announcing the formation of an elite commando unit called "  Those Who Sign With Blood , " Belmoktar said it would be the shield against the "  invading enemy . " Wednesday 's attack in Algeria was claimed in the name of that unit , which Belmoktar said would include "  the best of our youth and mujahideen , foreign and local supporters . " Counter-terrorism analysts tell CNN the language suggests this group was dispatched to carry out an act of jihad rather than abduct foreigners for ransom . Watch : Islamist militants attack oil field , two dead "  This feels much more like attacks staged in the past by other al Qaeda affiliates , rather than another attempt to exchange hostages for ransom , as has often been AQIM 's practice , " said Andrew Lebovich , a long-time observer of AQIM currently in Senegal . "  Belmokhtar likely wants to show he is still engaged in active operations and he is not moving away from the fighting - especially at a time when other Jihadists are in active combat against French troops in Mali , " he said . But it is also possible that Belmoktar may try to bargain for the release of al Qaeda operatives held in Algerian jails . In his December message , he said , "  To our captive people ... it is our promise and our debt as long as we live that we will liberate you , and we sacrifice our lives for you and everything we own to free you . " Three al Qaeda operatives were detained last July by Algerian security services , but it 's not known whether they were close to Belmoktar . Read more : Six reasons events in Mali matter Marlboro Man Born in 1972 , Belmoktar grew up on the edge of the desert in southern Algeria . He traveled to Afghanistan in 1991 in his late teens to fight its then Communist government . He returned to Algeria as a hardened fighter with a new nickname "  Belaouar " -- the "  one-eyed " -- after a battlefield injury , and joined forces with the Armed Islamic Group  GIA  in its brutal campaign against the Algerian regime and civilians deemed to be its supporters . Belmoktar later claimed he met al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden in the Sudan in the mid 1990s . According to Jean-Pierre Filiu , a French scholar who has extensively studied AQIM , Belmoktar rose steadily through the ranks to become the GIA commander for the Sahara . After a popular backlash against the terrorist group in Algeria , Belmoktar switched allegiance to a spin-off group -- the GSPC -- in 2000 , and continued to operate in the sub-Saharan region . The GIA was the forerunner of AQIM , which still counts many Algerians in its leadership . Belmoktar remains associated with this fissiparous group -- but is very much his own man . Abdelmalik Drukdal , the overall leader of AQIM , is said to have demoted Belmoktar late last year from his position as 'Em ir of the Sahel . ' Belmoktar also feuded with a rival commander - Abou Zeid - one of the most violent and radical figures in AQIM . More than most al Qaeda affiliates , AQIM is divided into often competing groups . Citing regional security officials , Agence France Presse reported Belmoktar had been dismissed for "  continued divisive activities , despite several warnings . " Libyan sources tell CNN that Belmokhtar spent several months in Libya in 2011 , exploring cooperation with local jihadist groups , and securing weapons supplies . One Arab media report - cited in a US Federal Research Division report last year - said Belmoktar had attended an event organized by Wissam ben Hamid , an Islamist commander , in the town of Sirte . There is no way to verify that . More recently , his center of operations was the dusty town of Gao in northern Mali . Another offshoot of AQIM known as the Movement for Unity and Jihad has taken over Gao and introduced Sharia law , including public amputations and floggings . To make money , "  Belmoktar increasingly engaged in smuggling , earning the popular nickname ` Mr. Marlboro ' ... he also was involved in the smuggling of drugs , weapons , and illegal immigrants , " Jean-Pierre Filiu in a 2010 Carnegie Paper . A wide theater Criminality helped fund jihad . In December 2007 , Belmoktar 's followers murdered four French tourists in MaurItania . Two months later , they carried out a drive-by shooting on the Israeli Embassy in Nouakchott , Mauritania 's capital . "  We set an ambush to kill the ambassador of the Zionist entity in Mauritania before attacking the compound that housed the embassy and the nightclub that the ambassador was present in minutes before the attack , " Belmoktar told a Mauritanian journalist in November 2011 . Despite US satellite surveillance and the deployment of Algerian and MaurItanian troops to vulnerable areas , al Qaeda affiliates in the Sahel have grown in strength . The vast distances and empty landscapes - as well as a complex relationship with local tribes - play to their advantage . Borders are difficult to seal : the rugged Algerian-Malian frontier is as long as the distance from New York to Chicago . In February 2012 , a cache of SAM missiles - looted from Libyan armories - was discovered buried in the desert not far from In Amenas . Andrew Lebovich says the weapons - SA-7 nd SA-24 "  seem to have been at a midway point in the delivery process , " their destination and customer unknown . Many AQIM figures - Belmoktar and Abou Zeid included - know the region minutely . Indeed , Lebovich says some suspect that it was relatives of Abou Zeid who kidnapped a local Algerian official a year ago - bundling him across the border into Libya . In the view of one Libyan source with close contacts among the region 's jihadists , Belmoktar has often been a thorn in the side of AQIM 's leadership . "  He was seen as a loose canon , running things in his own way , " the source told CNN recently . "  and the last thing the leadership wanted was to antagonize the United States just when it was trying to build up strength by stealth , below the radar . " However the hostage stand-off is resolved , that strategy has now been blown to pieces .	Belmoktar has long been a target of French counter-terrorism forces Analysts believe the attack is too sophisticated to have been planned in days Belmoktar earns the nickname "  Belaouar " -- the "  one-eyed " -- after a battlefield injury He allegedly is involved in smuggling drugs , weapon and people
CNN  -- Australian cricketer Phil Hughes remains in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a ball during a match in Sydney . The 25-year-old South Australia batsman , who has played for his country , collapsed after he was struck by a "  bouncer " from New South Wales bowler Sean Abbott . The game was immediately halted as Hughes received treatment . He was eventually taken from the Sydney Cricket Ground  SCG  to the city 's St Vincent 's Hospital . "  Phil remains in a critical condition in intensive care . He 's in the hands of some of the best specialists available for this type of injury so we 'll just wait and see , " said hospital spokesman David Faktor . The batsman underwent surgery on Tuesday , immediately after the accident , and his family and members of his cricket team remained with him at the hospital , Faktor added . Hughes was "  intubated " by medical staff who flew by helicopter to the ground . The procedure involves inserting a tube into the body to enable that person to breathe . However , the hospital would not confirm media reports that the player was in an induced coma . Hughes was playing for South Australia against Sydney-based New South Wales , a team he represented between 2007 and 2012 . "  As you are aware Phil Hughes was hit and injured by a bouncer at the SCG this afternoon , " read a statement from Cricket New South Wales . "  He received immediate treatment at the ground led by CNSW and CA Chief Medical Officer Dr John Orchard . He was then taken to hospital by ambulance and is receiving the best available care . "  For privacy and accuracy reasons we are not in a position to discuss the medical details and we would be grateful if you would respect the privacy of the Hughes family and all the players at this time . "  Players and staff from both South Australia and New South Wales are obviously very concerned for Phil 's health and , like Phil , are receiving appropriate support . "  Phil grew up in NSW and is a former Blue and is held in the highest regard by his current and former teammates . "  The thoughts and prayers of all at Cricket NSW and indeed everyone in Australian Cricket are with Phil the very best for a speedy and full recovery . " ` Freak accident ' Hughes has played for his country in 26 Test matches , most famously against England in 2013 . He shared a record 10th-wicket partnership of 163 runs with teammate Ashton Agar . After joining Middlesex in England in 2009 , Hughes struck up a strong friendship with fellow batsman Nick Compton . Compton , who has represented England in nine Test matches , was shocked to hear of his friend 's "  freak accident . " "  I feel sick , I feel devastated . I 'm sitting here with a former colleague of mine and we just feel a bit numb , " said Compton in a phone conversation with CNN . "  I 've sent messages  to the family  but it 's not a time when you want to get in the way . They 've got more important things to worry about . "  Everyone is supporting him , there are a lot of well wishers out there . It 's very difficult to know what the extent of the damage is . " Compton and Hughes lived together in London during their time as Middlesex teammates . "  We played together and got to know each other quite well , " explained Compton . "  We ended up living together in West Hampstead . He 's one of my best buddies , one of my best mates in the cricket . He 's a great guy , a fantastic batsman . " The "  bouncer , " a delivery which is pitched short so it bounces up at the batsman 's upper body , is common tactic for bowlers to use in cricket . Despite Hughes ' accident , Compton does not think cricket has a problem with head protection . "  It 's awkward , it 's part of the game . For the bowler , it 's not his fault . It 's one of those freak accidents , " said the 31-year old . "  On another day , you do exactly the same thing and it glances off your helmet , you get a bit of a bruise , you feel a bit ` ugh ' and that 's about it . Every batsman has been hit at some point , some worse than others . It 's worrying . "  It 's the unpredictability of sport , that 's what makes it what it is . It 's a tough one to get right . If you want an absolutely risk-free occupation , do n't play sport . "  The helmets these days are very well made . It 's hit him in an absolute freak place . " Wickets harder , faster The hot , dry conditions of an Australian summer , explains Compton , create hard pitches , which suit fast bowlers . "  Watching the footage , him falling flat on his face , it 's not a nice image and it 's horrible to see . It 's probably more likely to happen in somewhere like Australia , where the wickets are harder and faster . "  It 's a quick delivery that Phil 's misjudged . Everyone wears a helmet these days and it 's one of the risks of playing the sport . "  We all play the game and millions have got through their careers without being hit , this was just a horrific accident . " The Australian Cricketers ' Association is talking to Cricket Australia about arranging counseling for anyone affected by the incident .	Australian cricketer Phil Hughes was struck by a ball during a match in Sydney Hospital says he is in a critical condition after undergoing surgery Hughes was playing for South Australia against New South Wales at the time
CNN  -- A three-goal blitz in 17 minutes preserved Manchester United 's unbeaten record in the English Premier League and saved them from an embarrassing defeat at Blackpool . The league leaders eventually won 3-2 at Bloomfield Road after newly-promoted Blackpool had stunned Alex Ferguson 's side by leading 2-0 at the interval . But two goals from Bulgarian striker Dimitar Berbatov and one from Mexican Javier Hernandez spared United 's blushes and extended their lead at the top of the table to five points over Arsenal . Blackpool , entertaining United in a top flight game for the first time in 40 years , flew out of the traps against their illustrious opponents and were ahead inside a quarter of an hour . Defender Craig Cathcart , who joined Blackpool from United in August last year , rose to head Charlie Adam 's corner into the net . When Blackpool doubled their advantage on 42 minutes a major shock looked to be on the cards . Again United failed to deal with a Blackpool corner and DJ Campbell nodded home at the far post . Ferguson sent his side out five minutes before the restart in an attempt to kick start their reply but they very nearly conceded a penalty when Rafael upended Luke Varney in the penalty area . Blackpool began to tire as United upped the tempo and they pulled a goal back when Berbatov turned home Darren Fletcher 's cross on 72 minutes . Just two minutes later Hernandez , on as a substitute for Wayne Rooney , collected Ryan Giggs ' pinpoint pass before firing low into the net . And with 88 minutes on the watch Berbatov grabbed his second and United 's winner when he ran onto a Paul Scholes pass and drilled a left foot shot into the net . After the match Ferguson told Sky Sports : "  In the first half we were battered . We were all over the place . Maybe we were too confident . "  We changed at half-time , Ryan Giggs made a tremendous difference . We started to penetrate and I think we were deserved winners in the end . " Aston Villa made it two wins in four days as they beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 . Gabriel Agbonlahor put Gerard Houllier 's side in front when he pounced on a loose ball to head past Wigan 's Omani goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi . Ashley Young then extended Villa 's lead from the penalty spot after he was brought down by Hendry Thomas . Wigan pulled a goal back with ten minutes left after James McCarthy 's long range effort deflected off James Collins but Villa held on for a win that takes them up to 13th in the table . Arsenal booked their place in the League Cup final after beating second division side Ipswich 3-0 at Emirates Stadium . The Premier League side trailed 1-0 from the first leg but sealed their place at Wembley thanks to goals from Danish striker Nicklas Bendtner , French defender Laurent Koscielny and Spain international Cesc Fabregas .	Manchester United come back from two goals down to beat Blackpool 3-2 Two goals from Dimitar Berbatov help United extend their lead at the top to five points Aston Villa win 2-1 at Wigan thanks to goals from Gabriel Agbonlahor and Ashley Young Arsenal beat Ipswich Town to claim a place in the Carling Cup final
CNN  -- A Mexican petition that would have granted deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya safe conduct out of the country was rejected by Honduran authorities because it did not meet legal standards , Honduran Government Minister Oscar Raul Matute told CNN en Español . Zelaya has been holed up in the Brazilian embassy in the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa since September 21 . In the letter , obtained by CNN , Mexico asks the de facto Honduran government to guarantee Zelaya 's safety from the embassy to the airport , where a Mexican Gulfstream III jet would fly his family to Mexico . The Mexican embassy in Honduras "  has the honor of informing that the government of the United Mexican States has decided to receive on its territory " Zelaya , his wife , two children and one of his advisers , the letter states . "  The embassy petitions the ministry  of foreign relations  to provide safe conduct so that the above Honduran nationals may leave Honduran territory safely , with respect of their persons and without being detained or otherwise harassed , " the letter states . Matute said the letter did not meet the necessary standards because it made no mention of under what legal status Mexico would accept Zelaya and his family . The Honduran foreign ministry said it would consider future petitions from Mexico or any other countries , as long as they met the accepted legal standards for a request of political asylum . The letter submitted by Mexico makes no mention of granting Zelaya political asylum or any other legal status . The omission may not be accidental . In an interview with CNN en Español , Zelaya said he is still the legitimate president of Honduras , and as such , would not ask for , or accept political asylum . If he leaves Honduras for another country , it would have to be as a "  guest , " Zelaya said . Zelaya did not say whether he was negotiating to leave . Rasel Tome , the Zelaya adviser who was named in the letter , said negotiators for Zelaya had spoken with presidents in several Latin American and Caribbean countries Wednesday , including Mexico . The goal of the conversations was to "  find a way out of the crisis , " Tome said . In a statement , Mexico 's foreign ministry said its request was made with the support of allies and political actors in Honduras . "  Our country seeks to contribute to rapprochement in Honduras , taking a positive step towards resolving the crisis in that country through dialogue and negotiation , " the statement said . Zelaya was ousted in a June 28 coup . After spending months in exile , Zelaya snuck back into Honduras in September , and has not left the Brazilian embassy . His return was an effort to restart talks to negotiate his return as president . That never happened . An agreement was eventually signed , but its implementation has been half-hearted , and Zelaya later called the deal dead . The latest setback for the ousted president was a congressional vote , mandated by the agreement , on whether to reinstate Zelaya . Congress voted overwhelmingly against reinstatement . The same body had voted to install congressional leader Roberto Micheletti as interim president . Zelaya 's supporters argued that the coup was an illegal act that only restitution could heal . Congress sought opinions from the nation 's Supreme Court and other bodies before holding the vote . The court ruled that Zelaya can not return to office without facing trial on charges that he acted unconstitutionally when he tried to hold a vote that could have led to the removal of presidential term limits . The Supreme Court ruled before the coup that the vote was illegal and Congress had forbidden it . The coup came on the day the term-limits vote was to have been held . Micheletti and his supporters have insisted that Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power , not a coup . But the United Nations , the Organization of American States , the European Union and most nations -- including the United States -- condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated immediately .	Honduran authorities : Request does not meet legal standards Deposed Honduran president is staying at the Brazilian embassy in the Honduran capital Zelaya has been at embassy since September 21
"  Downton Abbey " is wrapping another season chock-full of upstairs , downstairs drama . How will it end ? The hit British import completed its third season in the UK last year , but it has n't stopped a record number of American viewers from tuning in on PBS . The show is in more demand than ever , winning outstanding ensemble in a TV drama series at last month 's Screen Actors Guild Awards . With Sunday 's finale , there are only 95 minutes left to answer the many questions on viewers ' minds . Season three has been filled with startling revelations from the ever-dramatic Crawley family and the employees of their Yorkshire country estate . Show creator Julian Fellowes made sure to pack in the first six episodes with as much plot development as there are characters -- from Mary and Matthew 's wedding to the release of Mr. Bates from prison , from the birth of Sybil 's first child  immediately followed by poor Sybil 's shocking passing  to the financial hardships plaguing Downton . CNN is counting down the top five questions we want answered in the third season 's conclusion . PBS ' official Masterpiece site promises both the flaring up of new romances and the unfolding of a new crisis on "  Downton Abbey . " Let 's make some predictions , shall we ? 1 . Will Lady Mary finally get her heir ? Lady Mary was most recently seen opening up to husband Matthew about a surgery she had to ensure she would no longer have problems in the fertility department . With that sorted out , it 's time for the handsome couple to get to work on creating an heir to the Downton kingdom . But with the complications her younger sibling faced during childbirth in the back of her mind , will Mary hold off on having children ? All seems well with the newlyweds , and everyone in the Crawley family is awaiting Mary 's pregnancy , but nothing is ever as perfect as it appears in this home . 2 . Is Tom already moving on from Sybil ? The finale takes place more than a year after Sybil 's unexpected death , and widower Branson may be moving on to someone new . For viewers , it 's only been a few weeks since losing the youngest Crawley daughter , and fans may not be ready for a new woman in Baby Sybbie 's life . Tom finally found his place in the Crawley family as he became manager of the Downton estate . But is he getting too comfortable already ? Previews for Sunday 's episode imply something may be brewing between the chauffeur-turned-gentleman and the new maid . Will Branson give into temptation , or will he remain the consummate gentleman ? Either way , quick trysts are n't uncommon within the walls of Downton . 3 . Are the karma police coming for Miss O'Brien ? The ever-scheming O'Brien spent season three trying to make life a living hell for her former partner in crime , Thomas . Unfortunately for the maid , everything came to a screeching halt by the end of last week 's episode . O'Brien believed she had gotten rid of Thomas once and for all after Alfred caught him making unwarranted advances on Jimmy . Thomas won the battle by gaining unexpected support from both Lord Grantham and longtime adversary Bates . The former valet not only retained a position at Downton but actually received a promotion . O'Brien has been known by viewers for her deviant behavior since the start of the series , but she may have finally met her match this season . Thomas recently brought up the infamous "  bath soap incident " of the first season that caused Lady Grantham 's miscarriage . Will we finally see the two come to blows ? One can only hope . 4 . Will Lady Edith finally get some respect ? While Lady Mary was getting hitched and Sybil was getting knocked up , poor Edith was getting left at the altar . Not one to let a man get her down , the ever-resilient middle sister of the Crawley clan went on a quest to find her own voice . Edith defied the outdated expectations of her family by taking on a job writing a newspaper column . As the cherry on top , Edith finally found an exciting gentleman friend in her editor . That is , before she discovers he is already spoken for . Just as Edith finds confidence in her independence and becomes a prime example of 1920s feminism , she is forced to quit to avoid the advances of a married man . Can Fellowes cut Edith some slack already ? When will the most jolly nice of all who reside at Downton finally have something go her way ? 5 . Who dies ? A death has been teased since production began on season three , but we 're not convinced Sybil will be the only victim before 1921 's end . Rumors have surrounded the departure of star Dan Stevens , who plays resident heartthrob Matthew Crawley . That said , there has n't been anything set up in the first six episodes to insinuate that Matthew might be in any trouble . As any seasoned "  Downton " viewer knows , no one knows how to execute a great surprise like Fellowes . Let 's explore all the possibilities before jumping to any conclusions . This is the current heir to the Downton estate we 're talking about , after all . Perhaps one of Thomas ' many victims , from O'Brien to Jimmy to Bates , seeks revenge . Could it be Tom joining his beloved wife in the afterlife ? His child is certainly in good hands now that Branson has agreed to let Sybbie grow up in the house . Regardless , viewers may need to get their black garb ready and prepare for the demise of a fan favorite . Of course , these are n't the only things on our minds as we emotionally prepare for Sunday 's finale . We are still dying to know who the Dowager Countess will sass in this episode and why ? And we 're still stunned at the choice to bring heedless Cousin Rose back for a second episode . Let 's just hope Downton is n't coming down with a case of Cousin Oliver Syndrome , which famously ruined "  The Brady Bunch . " What do you want to see happen on "  Downton Abbey " ? Let us know and check your local listings for its airtime Sunday on PBS .	Season three of "  Downton Abbey " concludes Sunday on PBS There are still plenty of questions to be answered for American fans We count down the top five questions we 're seeking answers to in season finale
CNN  The Tiger will be back on the prowl in 2015 -- and that 's according to the man himself . Tiger Woods says it is an "  incredible relief " to be over his injury problems and is now concentrating on adding to his 14 major titles next year . Woods , who turns 39 on December 30 , failed to make the cut at the U.S. PGA in August after struggling to retain full fitness following surgery on a pinched nerve in his back earlier in the year . The U.S. star made a return to action earlier in December at the Hero World Challenge , the tournament he hosts every year at his home course of Isleworth in Florida . But the former World No. 1 was unable to finish after being physically ill during his third round , leaving him joint last . Writing on his end of year blog , Woods said : "  I 'm mostly excited about being healthy again . I 've struggled for the past year-and-half with my back , and it showed in my results . "  Even though I won five times two years ago , it was hit or miss some weeks and got progressively worse . Now that it feels healthy , strong and stable , it 's fun to be able to play with my kids again , to play soccer and run around with them , shoot hoops ... things that I used to do and took for granted . "  For anybody who has ever had a bad back with nerve damage , it 's downright debilitating . To not feel that is finally just incredible relief . " Woods , who won the last of his major titles in 2008 , will spend the holiday season with his children and partner , Lindsey Vonn . Ski star Vonn , who missed out on equaling the all-time record for the number of World Cup race wins last weekend , has had injury problems of her own . Vonn was forced to undergo knee surgery earlier this year and missed out on defending her Olympic downhill crown at the Sochi Olympics . Speaking to CNN earlier this year , Vonn revealed how Woods had played a key role in helping her through a difficult time when he too was struggling for fitness . "  Tiger and I both went through rehab with our injuries at a similar time , so we were both in the gym together and pushing each other and motivating each other , both frustrated , " Vonn told CNN 's Alpine Edge last month . "  I think we both helped each other a lot through that time , and I drew a lot of inspiration from him and I think he does the same with me . "  We continue to push each other and it 's a really positive relationship in that way . "	Tiger Woods hoping to bounce back in 2015 U.S. star says he 's over his injury problems Says he feels "  incredible relief " after injury Won the last of his major titles in 2008
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called Wednesday for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics on the war on drugs , a Spanish news agency said . People march in support of legalized marijuana in late January in Belem , northern Brazil . Ex-presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil made their announcement at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , the EFE news agency said . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented . The 17-member panel worked on the report for a year and will forward it to all Latin American governments as well as the United States and the European Union , EFE said . Gaviria said the time is right to start a debate on the subject , particularly with the pragmatic openings provided by the election of President Barack Obama in the United States . "  In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes . And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " EFE quotes Gaviria as saying . Decriminalization should be accompanied by treatment for addicts and public service campaigns on abuse prevention , the commission said . "  If you do n't help those who are dependent , you are half way there because they are going to commit crime to get money and pay for the drug , " Gaviria said . Cardoso said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because "  you have to start somewhere " and it would have been unrealistic to ask the same for all drugs , EFE said . Marijuana was chosen because it is grown in all countries in the region and because it is "  less harmful . " The decades-old criminalization of personal consumption has failed to stop the plant 's cultivation and distribution , the group said . The commission urged that all current criminal prosecution be aimed at drug cartels and organized crime and not marijuana smokers , EFE said . Zedillo did not attend the news conference but worked on the report , Cardoso said . Wednesday 's recommendation was the second time in less than a week that a Latin American government official called for decriminalization . A mayor in Peru suggested Friday that the federal government legalize illicit drugs and administer them through the national health ministry . Gusto Sierra , the mayor of the Surquillo district in Lima , said a federal drug law is hypocritical because it allows maximum legally allowed quantities for some drugs and plants but does n't say where to acquire them , the Peru 21 newspaper reported in a front-page story headlined "  Say yes to drugs ? " Sierra said he will take the matter up with the nation 's executive branch . Zedillo served as president of Mexico from 1994-2000 . Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990-94 . And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995-2002 .	Ex-presidents of Mexico , Brazil and Colombia urge decriminalization of marijuana Leaders urge treatment for addicts , public service campaigns on abuse prevention Criminal prosecution should target drug cartels , not users , former leaders say
"  This is the silliest thing I 've done in my life , " Ann says as she emerges from her tent . "  I should have done it when I was much younger . " "  Tomorrow you 'll think it was worth the effort , " Maria responds . It 's a bitterly cold night in January . I 'm at Barafu Camp on Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania , with Ann Austen , a 69-year-old New Yorker and Maria Nielson , 55 , from Sweden . In the midnight darkness I watch them join a line of 200 headlamps , slowly ascending the last slope to reach the highest point in Africa -- 5,895 meters  19,340 feet  above sea level .  Kilimanjaro 's official elevation is the subject of dispute -- the preceding figures are the most commonly cited . But I 'm waiting . I 'd learned from a local that while most groups trek to the summit overnight , hundreds at a time , to catch the sunrise from the top , the best time to climb is around 10 a.m. when the crowds , and the clouds , clear . "  I know the mountain , this is my mountain , " Sifael Malle tells me . It 's a good decision . We 're alone on Uhuru Peak , the highest point on Kibo crater , one of the three volcanic cones that comprise the mountain . Three champagne corks are the only sign that others had been here earlier . Without Malle 's local knowledge , however , it could have been different . Tourism impact The Overseas Development Institute  ODI  , a British think tank , estimates that every year 40,000 people attempt to climb Kilimanjaro , bringing with them tons of waste and other environmental threats , including water contamination and soil erosion . The crowds threaten the beauty of the place , which cultural narratives depict as a symbol of solitude and peace . The glaciers are disappearing , changing the face of Kilimanjaro . Local porters are often underpaid and climb without adequate equipment . Hearing these stories , I 'm skeptical about the place -- other destinations are described as "  purer " natural experiences . However , I soon discover that much has changed since the days of horrific reports of camps among open-air latrines , trash littering the landscape and congested trails . I find a clean mountain , with toilets at camps and along the routes . The environmental challenges are significant but the initiatives implemented by the Tanzania National Parks Authority seem to be paying off . The ODI calculated in 2009 that tourists spend just less than $ 50 million per year around the Kili experience . Some 28 % , $ 13 million , is considered to directly benefit the poor . The ODI says this is the most successful transfer of resources from international tourists to impoverished locals they 've witnessed . The local view Take , for instance , my local guide . Malle comes from a poor farming family that lived by a road used by tourists . In previous years , he 'd rush toward the jeeps that drove by , hoping to receive gifts . "  We dreamed of owning those cars , " he told me . "  But the reality is poverty , few jobs , often unstable and underpaid . "  The dreams get easily forgotten . I tried to keep mine : to live a better life , to start my own business and to be able to support others . "  I begged guides to take me on the mountain , even for free . They told me I was too thin , incapable of carrying the weight . "  They asked for my climbing equipment , and laughed as I did not have any . I persisted and found a guide who employed me . " Malle became a porter in 1999 . He went back to school to study tour guiding and botany . In 2006 , he passed the government examination and became a licensed guide . "  I soon thought that with my experience of the mountain I could be a better tour operator , as most of the existing ones have never been on the mountain . " He set up us his own company . "  I sent hundreds of messages to people announcing my new company , and gradually people started to respond . " Kili Base Adventure was born . Kilimanjaro is offering entrepreneurial opportunities that were impossible a decade ago . Conquest vs. experience The highlight of a Kilimanjaro experience , in my view , is n't reaching the top . A simple , aimless wander on a mountain trail might not seem to have the drama of a summit ascent . But mountains are regarded as spiritual places by many cultures , not least for their natural attributes . This view is especially evident on Kilimanjaro as climbers venture through five ecosystems in the space of few kilometers . At the base is a dense rainforest . It ends abruptly at 3,000 meters , giving way to alpine heathland , abundant with giant heathers . Further up the weather changes -- low clouds envelop the slopes , which become covered with tussock grass and sporadic giant lobelias . Here the greens are less vibrant but more varied than in the brighter forest below . I count 12 shades of verdant green in a three-meter radius from where I stand . Above 4,000 meters is the highland desert : gravel , stones , rocks and cliffs . A place for ascetics . Finally you climb into an arctic-like zone , with permanent snow and the glaciers that may soon disappear . Clean climb Does Kilimanjaro deserve its reputation as a crowded mountain with long lines of tourists spoiling the atmosphere of solitude ? I found the opposite to be true . Throughout my climb the trails were empty and , on the summit , I was alone . My secret , of course , was the local knowledge provided by Malle and tailor-making my own climb . The tourism industry sells standardized packages : everyone follows the same route , does the same thing , walks at the same time . I did n't -- my sense of satisfaction came from the connection with the spirit of a beautiful and legendary place . End of March to early June is low season around Kilimanjaro , often marked by heavy rains . January , February , August and September are the busiest months .	Kilimanjaro , Africa 's highest mountain , was once plagued by ecological problems , a result of tourism Initiatives have returned the mountain close to its former pristine state Local knowledge , such as when to climb , can help you avoid crowds
Washington  CNN  -- It 's one of the busiest days in this year 's primary calendar . Six states from coast to coast hold primaries on Tuesday , and again anti-establishment candidates face long odds in high-profile Republican showdowns . Since its birth in 2009 , the tea party has had a number of primary successes , with victorious challenges from the right producing major headlines for the movement . But they 've also given the party plenty of headaches and hurt its chances of winning back the Senate , effectively costing the GOP five winnable elections over the last two cycles . This year , the establishment learned to fight back , and so far has had the upper hand in most contests against tea party-backed challengers . Here are five key showdowns to watch how they play out on Tuesday . 1 . Big showdown in the Bluegrass State : Tuesday 's marquee battle is in Kentucky , where Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell is challenged by businessman Matt Bevin , who enjoys strong support from many tea party groups and influential conservative anti-establishment organizations . While this race has seen big spending by the campaigns and outside groups , McConnell is expected to cruise to renomination for a sixth term . Anti-establishment Republicans feel McConnell represents everything wrong in Washington and thought he could be knocked off . The Senate Conservatives fund , a D.C.-based anti-establishment organization , spent around $ 1 million in support of Bevin and against McConnell . But it 's been quiet recently , with McConnell 's formidable lead in the polls . McConnell had two Kentucky-based super PACs supporting him as well as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Rifle Association . "  It was a vintage Mitch McConnell campaign . They found Bevin 's weaknesses and used them against him . They boxed him in and he could n't move , " said Jennifer Duffy , senior editor for the non-partisan Cook Political Report , a top campaign handicapper . She added that "  Bevin suffered from new candidate syndrome . " McConnell 's ending his primary campaign by once again touting his endorsement from Kentucky 's other Republican senator , Rand Paul . Paul was the upstart who beat McConnell 's pick in the race . But Paul , who is very influential among tea party activists and libertarians , backed McConnell last year before Bevin got into the race . The narrator in one of McConnell 's two closing statewide TV commercials says , "  On Tuesday , join with Rand Paul and vote for Mitch McConnell . " And the spot includes a clip of Paul saying last year that Kentucky "  ought to be proud of having Senator McConnell . " While McConnell should have an early night on Tuesday , he faces a serious challenge in November from rising Democratic star Alison Lundergan Grimes . Big-name Democrats are already campaigning for her . 2 . Idaho -- the other big event : The other high-profile , outsider vs. establishment battle of the night is in the House . Eight-term Rep. Mike Simpson faces a serious primary challenge from Bryan Smith , an attorney who claims that Simpson 's not conservative enough and is soft on spending . Smith is backed by some tea party groups and by the D.C.-based anti-tax group Club for Growth , which has a history of backing conservative primary challengers . The group has spent some $ 700,000 to attack Simpson and support Smith . But their spending dwindled the past couple of weeks , as Simpson has held a sizable lead in recent polls . Simpson is backed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which has spent heavily in the race . "  You can take it from me , the conservative choice for Congress is Mike Simpson , " Mitt Romney says in one ad put out by the Chamber last month . Simpson , was an early backer of the Republican 2012 presidential nominee 's campaign . And Romney returned the favor last year , endorsing Simpson . The winner of the primary will be the odds-on-favorite in November in the heavily Republican district , which covers the central and eastern parts of the state , from Boise to the borders with Utah and Wyoming . 3 . Georgia -- tea party splits vote : Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss ' announcement last year that he would n't run for re-election triggered a free-for-all GOP primary battle . Reps. Phil Gingrey , Paul Broun and Jack Kingston , former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel , and businessman David Perdue are the major candidates and Kingston , Handel , and Perdue , rather than the more conservative Broun and Gingrey , are on top of public opinion polls . "  I think they  Broun and Gingrey  both ran terrible campaigns , " said the Cook Report 's Duffy . "  Because both of them were in there , the tea party movement was divided . " The primary campaign 's closing days have seen near daily attacks between the candidates . An example of how ugly it 's getting on the campaign trail : Gingrey 's campaign sent out an email accusing Handel of "  promoting teenage homosexuality , " highlighting a vote she took in favor of funding for an LGBT youth program when she served on the Fulton County Commission . Since no candidate 's expected to top 50 % , this contest 's all-but-certain to head to a July 22 runoff between the top two finishers . The eventual GOP nominee will face off against Michelle Nunn , the all-but-certain Democratic nominee and daughter of former longtime Sen. Sam Nunn , a household name in Georgia . 4 . Oregon -- a last-minute wildcard ? : The race for the GOP Senate nomination in Oregon , a vote-by-mail state , has only recently grabbed some national attention , mostly due to some high-profile support for Portland pediatric neurosurgeon Dr. Monica Wehby . She recently won endorsements from Romney and another 2012 GOP presidential candidate : former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who 's a co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire . " More importantly , D.C.-based NewRepublican.org went up with major television , digital and radio spots in support of Wehby . The organization was formed early last year , following the 2012 GOP election defeats , by a group of Republican veterans to refocus its messaging and policy goals in an attempt to broaden the GOP 's appeal beyond its traditional base . Wehby , who also enjoys the backing of several GOP senators including McConnell , grabbed some attention last month for a campaign ad of her own . The 60-second spot highlighted a woman who was advised to consider terminating her pregnancy because her unborn daughter had spinal problems . In the ad , the woman recalls how Wehby operated on her daughter shortly after she was born , and that the girl is now a healthy 12-year-old . But Wehby 's support for abortion rights has fueled a six-figure spending push by anti-abortion groups in opposing Wehby . Polls show Wehby ahead of more conservative state Rep. Jason Conger , who was backed last week by former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , a Republican presidential candidate last time who may run again for the White House in 2016 . The wildcard : A last-minute story over the weekend revealed that after a breakup last year with the wealthy man she was dating , Wehby was accused of "  stalking " him , according to a police report . The primary winner will run in November against first-term Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley , who Republicans think might be vulnerable if 2014 turns into a wave year for the GOP . 5 . Pennsylvania -- a race to the left : Republicans ca n't have all the fun . The Democratic gubernatorial primary contest in the Keystone State has been one long wild ride . In this race to the left , Rep. Allyson Schwartz has been touting her strong support for the health care law , better known as Obamacare , a rare sight this midterm election year , as she plays catchup with businessman Tom Wolf , who leads in the polls . Wolf was virtually unknown in Pennsylvania at the start of the year , but he spent big bucks to flood the airwaves with ads . Wolf has increasingly come under attack from Schwartz as well as state Treasurer Rob McCord , another contender in the field . The winner will face off in November against GOP Gov. Tom Corbett , who seems to be enjoying the food fight among the Democratic challengers . "  The Democrat fight for governor is getting ugly , " says the narrator in a new Corbett TV ad that uses a boxing theme . But Corbett has his own concerns , as he 's considered one of the most vulnerable governors running for re-election this year .	Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell faces tea party challenge Incumbent Idaho congressman is expected to fend off tea party challenge , too Tea party candidates might be splitting the vote in Georgia Senate primary Pennsylvania governor 's race is a race to the left among Democrats
CNN  -- The question of Jewish resistance to the Nazis -- or the lack of it -- has loomed large ever since the true extent of the horrors of the Holocaust became impossible to ignore . Liev Schreiber , left , and Daniel Craig play Jewish resistance fighters in the World War II drama "  Defiance . " As early as 1940 and 1942 , Charlie Chaplin and Ernst Lubitsch fashioned satiric fantasies in which Adolf Hitler was comically humiliated by Jews  a barber in Chaplin 's "  The Great Dictator " and a hammy actor in Lubitsch 's "  To Be or Not to Be "  . More recently , Steven Spielberg and Roman Polanski presented authentic stories of Jewish Holocaust survivors in "  Schindler 's List " and "  The Pianist . " In "  Defiance , " Edward Zwick tells the true story of the Bielski brothers , Tuvia  Daniel Craig  , Zus  Liev Schreiber  and Asael  Jamie Bell  . When the Germans and local collaborators started rounding up Jews in what was then Belorussia in 1941 , murdering thousands -- including the Bielskis ' parents -- the three men took refuge in the woods . They evaded capture , scavenged , begged or stole the food they needed ; they set up a camp and saved hundreds of fellow refugees -- and they fought back . Watch the stars of "  Defiance " talk about the film " It 's a remarkable story , one that should have inspired a more exciting and original movie than this sluggish compendium of earnest debates and hackneyed battle scenes . The timing is unfortunate . For a story that has gone neglected for the best part of 60 years , this is hardly the ideal week to be extolling heroic Jewish resistance fighters . Ari Folman 's angst-laden nonfiction animated film , "  Waltz With Bashir , " is altogether more relevant . Zwick 's Hollywood liberal credentials are not in doubt , but his films have a surprisingly gung-ho undercurrent  they include such martial adventures as "  The Last Samurai , " "  Glory , " "  The Siege , " "  Legends of the Fall " and "  Courage Under Fire "  . He may like a fight , but he 's no great shakes when it comes to staging action . Besides , in a Zwick flick , words always speak louder . In "  Defiance " those words come with a thick , guttural European inflection  Hebrew is spoken as English , though characters also break into subtitled Russian and German on occasion  . The speechifying is often clumsy and long-winded . Take the backwoods intellectual who does n't know how to handle a hammer but can sure nail a philosophical one-liner : "  At least Descartes recognized the subjective nature of existence , " he kvetches . Where 's Lubitsch when you need him ? Dour and dourer as the movie goes on , Daniel Craig looks rugged in a weathered leather jacket and cloth cap , but his Bond associations are n't exactly helpful . You have to check yourself from wondering why he does n't just take out that battalion of Nazis single-handedly . Tuvia may be a reluctant hero , but he shoulders the burden of leadership and assumes responsibility for protecting his ever-increasing flock . Schreiber 's Zus , on the other hand , joins with the Soviets to take the fight to the Germans . It takes him longer to learn who his true friends are . The movie is full of mud and muck , yet somehow Zwick sanitizes the things that matter most . In the most challenging scene , just as Tuvia turns a blind eye as his enraged fellow Jews beat a German prisoner to death , Zwick consistently pulls back from anything that might be too unpleasant or tasteless . His heroes remain fundamentally unsullied . Later Asael picks up Tuvia 's mantle and leads his followers like a latter-day Moses , away from their enemies through an impenetrable swamp . "  Defiance " is a hard slog , at times . But even if it 's heavy-handed and old-fashioned , there 's also something satisfyingly solid about it . It 's always comforting to know who the good guys are , even if they 're stuck in a not-so-good picture . "  Defiance " is rated R and runs 137 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	Film tells the true story of the Bielski brothers , who fought back against Nazis in 1941 The brothers set up a camp in the woods and saved hundreds of fellow refugees Remarkable story should have inspired more exciting , original film , Tom Charity says Charity : "  Defiance " heavy-handed , but there 's something satisfyingly solid about it
CNN  -- Someone in the Obama White House clearly has a good book to write one day : "  How Not to Do Rollouts . " With one hapless episode after another , the rollout of the President 's plan to destroy ISIS is beginning to rival the less-than-splendid debut of the Obamacare website . President Barack Obama 's critics may take some glee from the recent missteps , but they should n't . Going to war is serious business , especially when the conflict promises to be long and messy . For the nation 's sake , our dysfunctional politics needs to become functional on this one or we put too much at risk , starting with the lives of our men and women in uniform . That 's why it is imperative and urgent that the Obama team and their allies take a deep breath , pull themselves together and get this war effort on solid footing . Instead of becoming defensive , they need to go on offense , showing the world they are firmly in charge and on a winning path . Ever since the President went on prime-time television to announce his new strategy to "  degrade and destroy " ISIS , he and his team have slipped on one banana peel after another . First came the series of muddled messages . Was this to be called a war or something else like a counterterrorism campaign ? Who knew after so many contradictions from the administration ? Is the threat from ISIS something we are trying to prevent from happening one day or is it imminent ? Again , contradictions . Crucially : Still we put boots on the ground or will we leave all the ground fighting to surrogates ? No one can be sure yet . Even as a coalition grows of nations proclaiming their support , questions also rise of just how much -- or how little -- they will actually do . Meanwhile , the media has been jammed with news analyses and comments from respected former officials calling into question the whole enterprise . The administration expresses confidence that a reconstituted Iraqi military along with Kurdish forces , working with American air power , can destroy ISIS in Iraq , but so far , press reports are skeptical . And experts point out that the best Iraqi fighters are Shia militia allied with Iran . There is even more skepticism about our capacity to mobilize "  moderates " in Syria . And listening to two of Obama 's former defense chiefs , Bob Gates and Leon Panetta , one suspects they would have strongly opposed the plan if they were still in government . As if the gnawing doubts were n't filling enough air time , now comes a new round of stories in The Washington Post , The New York Times and Financial Times reporting on a growing rift between the President and his military generals . One can easily read too much into these tensions . In truth , Obama and the military have been able to work together in a professional way through most of his administration . And certainly the collaboration within the government in pursuit of Osama bin Laden was masterful . But it is also true that underneath the surface , there has been an unhealthy atmosphere of mistrust between this White House and some of its military chieftains . The Obama team has doubted the loyalty of several of its generals , while the military has doubted the competence of the President and his national security team , especially in the second term . Soon after he took office , Obama felt that through leaks to the press , his generals were trying to box him in on how many additional troops he would send to Afghanistan , trying to push him to higher numbers . He felt excessive pressure as well on keeping a sizable number of troops in Iraq . And his political advisers were deeply suspicious that Gen. David Petraeus would run against Obama in 2012 the way Gen. George McClellan ran against Lincoln in 1864 . These fears and anxieties were overwrought , but they have left scars that remain today . In both the Pentagon and White House , there is now concern about management of the war from here on out . The military worries that Obama and his team will micromanage , especially in Syria -- something that President Lyndon Johnson did with disastrous results in Vietnam . And they worry that a nervous White House will tie their hands in the fight , ruling out the force necessary to win . The White House worries that the military , hellbent upon victory , will accidentally drop bombs on too many innocents , inflaming opinion and making it harder to keep a coalition together . They point to what has happened in Afghanistan and Pakistan . In Syria , they worry an imprecise approach could further drag the United States into the chaotic civil war . Presumably , these are adults on both sides who can work things out but if suspicions and rifts grow , that will definitely handicap prosecution of the war -- and risk a national security debacle . An additional challenge the administration faces is that the President has now announced America is going to war , but there are virtually no signs of mobilization on television . This is very different from most recent conflicts when a President takes to prime time and within hours screens are filled with pictures of military mobilization or of rockets and bombs flying and the public is rallying round the flag . What is left now is a virtual news vacuum that is being largely filled with arguments and counterarguments about the wisdom and competence of the administration . All of this is no way to galvanize a nation or build a vibrant coalition . In coming days , through his time at the United Nations and back in the White House , the President must dramatically seize the reins of leadership . He must form a strong , bipartisan advisory team around him with leaders from the past such as Colin Powell , James Baker , Madeleine Albright , Zbigniew Brzezinski , and yes , Gates and Panetta . He has to work in close harness with his military commanders , ending talk of rifts . And he must mobilize a coalition of nations that takes the fight to the enemy with great urgency . It is inconceivable that the United States , with the best trained and equipped military in the world , ca n't clear the battlefield of a band of thugs . We must not lose heart just because this war is off to a rocky start . After all and let 's admit it : when the administration finally fixed up Obamacare , it started to work better than many of us expected .	David Gergen : Rollout of President 's fight vs. ISIS has been dogged by problems There 's been uncertainty about whether this is a war and if ground troops may go , he says This war is too important to have it shrouded in confusion , Gergen says Gergen : Administration can rescue the situation , as it did with Obamacare website
CNN  -- Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice and strike partner Edinson Cavani also found the net as Napoli recovered from going a goal behind to beat Chelsea 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie . After Arsenal 's 4-0 thumping in Milan last week , Chelsea had an ideal opportunity to restore some pride for English clubs against Serie A opposition . And they got off to a superb start on a wet evening in southern Italy , by taking a 27th-minute lead . Villas Boas - Chelsea owners backing me in private Dean Sturridge broke on the right for the visitors but his ball into the penalty area should have been dealt with by the Napoli defense . However , Paolo Cannavaro sliced his attempted clearance up in the air and Spanish international Juan Mata was lurking behind the defender to side-foot his shot past goalkeeper Morgan De Sanctis . However , both defenses looked vulnerable in difficult conditions and it was no surprise when the home side leveled just 11 minutes later . Argentine striker Lavezzi collected the ball on the edge of the box and jinked inside Chelsea 's Raul Meireles before curling a sublime shot into the corner of Peter Cech 's net . And , Napoli completed their turnaround in stoppage time at the end of the first half when Gokhan Inler 's deep cross was bundled home by Cavani , who had drifted in behind the Chelsea defense . Both sides wasted opportunities to score in an end-to-end second half , but it was Napoli who found the net again with a third goal in the 65th minute . David Luiz failed to deal with a long ball out of the Napoli defense and allowed Cavani to nip ahead of him . The Uruguayan did superbly to steady himself and slide the ball across for the on-rushing Lavezzi to stroke him his second to double Napoli 's lead . A poor night for Chelsea could have become worse late on , when Ashley Cole 's goalline clearance deprived Christian Maggio of scoring a fourth goal which would surely have sealed Napoli 's qualification into the quarterfinals . Chelsea have now gone five matches without a victory as speculation continues over the future of under-pressure manager Andre Villas Boas . And the result also means the very real possibility of no English sides reaching the last eight of the competition for the first time since 1996 .	Ezequiel Lavezzi nets a double as Napoli come from behind to defeat Chelsea 3-1 in Italy Edinson Cavani scores Napoli 's other goal after Juan Mata had given Chelsea the lead The result means England are in danger of having no teams in the Champions League last eight
CNN  -- Thursday 's Supreme Court ruling upholding President Barack Obama 's signature health care legislation effectively cements the cornerstone of his political legacy , observers said . "  This would be in the first paragraph of Barack Obama 's summation of his presidency , " said University of Minnesota professor Lawrence Jacobs , co-author of a 2010 book on the politics of health care . Obama : Ruling on health care a victory for all Americans "  I can not think of a policy by a Democrat or Republican that 's going to have the kind of long-lasting impact on the lives of Americans in at least half a century , maybe going back to the New Deal , " Jacobs said after Thursday 's ruling . In a long-anticipated ruling , the court upheld the individual insurance mandate at the heart of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , often called "  Obamacare . " The 5-4 ruling allows the government to move ahead with implementing the legislation , some key provisions of which wo n't take effect until 2014 . And it advances a goal of universal health care that has eluded presidents dating back to Theodore Roosevelt , historian Doris Kearns Goodwin said . "  That this has finally gotten through the Supreme Court is the very historic accomplishment that all presidents wish for when they come into office , " Goodwin said . Ruling plays into campaign narrative for both sides That titanic clash over health care began shortly after Obama took office in 2009 , pledging to expand health coverage to the roughly 45 million Americans without it . It dominated Congress for nearly a year before he signed the bill in March 2010 . Conservatives complained that it would bust the federal budget and lead to worse health care , not better . Many liberals , meanwhile , wanted Obama to fight for a Canadian-style model or at least establish a public health insurance plan to compete with private companies . Opponents railed against the bill for a variety of sins real and imagined , including a later-dropped "  Cornhusker kickback " aimed at securing support from Nebraska Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson and the false claims of "  death panels " by critics such as ex-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who argued that the bill would lead to patients being denied critical care . Lawmakers found themselves facing angry crowds at usually sleepy meetings with constituents during their summer recess . Breaking down the court 's decision In the end , it passed over near-universal Republican opposition -- the sole GOP vote for it in either chamber was Rep. Joseph Cao of Louisiana -- with nearly three dozen Democrats voting against it as well . The battle fueled the rise of the conservative tea party movement and contributed to a sweeping Republican win in the 2010 congressional elections . One of the politicians elected in that wave , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , called Thursday 's decision "  a loss for America . " The Supreme Court 's finding that the individual mandate amounts to a tax will give taxpayers more headaches in April , Rubio predicted . "  This has now turned the IRS into an enforcement mechanism for Obamacare , " he said . How the justices voted , what they wrote Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council , urged followers to rally and "  restore the Constitution to its rightful place . " The group is a leading voice for religious conservatives and filed a friend-of-the-court brief attacking the law . "  Not only is the individual mandate a profound attack on our liberties , but it is only one section among hundreds of provisions in the law that will force taxpayers to fund abortions , violate their conscience rights and impose a massive tax and debt burden on American families , " Perkins said . "  It 's now time to replace those leaders who disregarded the constitutional limitations of their authority and the deeply held religious beliefs of their constituents , voting for the government takeover of health care . " Jacobs said the individual mandate -- the single biggest complaint about the legislation -- will affect "  maybe two or three out of 100 Americans . " It 's the rest of the law , particularly its regulations on insurance companies , that will have "  a tremendous impact on the lives of everyday Americans . " Timeline of the health care law "  It completely rewires health care delivery and financing , " he said . "  We will think of this moment as before and after . " Presidential historian Douglas Brinkley put the health care reform victory in the context of some of Obama 's other signature moments , saying it is clear he 's made an impact in his first three and a half years in the White House . "  I think President Obama is now in very good stead to say , ' I passed the Affordable Care Act , I got Osama bin Laden , and I saved General Motors , " said Brinkley , referring also to the raid that killed the al Qaeda leader and Obama 's backing of the automobile industry bailout . "  He has three real historic accomplishments . " Of those , the health care law is by far the most controversial even after Thursday 's decision . Goodwin said that while the battle over the law 's constitutionality is over , "  I think the battle for public sentiment lays ahead . " Before Lyndon Johnson managed to get Medicare and Medicaid through Congress , future President Ronald Reagan railed that "  socialized medicine " would leave Americans "  to spend their sunset years telling their children and their children 's children what it was like in America when men were free , " Goodwin noted . "  That 's how deep that battle was at that period of time , and yet Medicare has been sustained and it 's now approved , " she said , adding , "  One thing we have not gotten and what I think the president has started doing is to make a clear understanding of what this bill is all about . " What the health care ruling means to you	NEW : Historian : Obama can claim real accomplishments with bin Laden 's death and GM 's bailout It 's in "  first paragraph of Barack Obama 's summation of his presidency , " analyst says The clash over health care dominated the first half of Obama 's presidency Universal health care has eluded presidents since Theodore Roosevelt , historian says
CNN  -- Manchester United 's sorry defense of the English Premier League title continued Sunday as they were held to a 2-2 draw at Old Trafford by bottom club Fulham . Darren Bent grabbed an injury time equalizer for the visitors , who had led for much of the match through Steve Sidwell 's first half strike in the 19th minute . Rene Meulensteen 's men bravely held on until the 78th minute when Robin van Persie equalized . Two minutes later Michael Carrick looked to have sealed three points but it was his mistake which gave Bent the opportunity to head home in the fourth minute of added time . The dropped points heap further pressure on under fire manager David Moyes with his team nine points adrift on arch-rivals Liverpool , who are occupying the fourth and final Champions League spot . He was left frustrated after careless errors and poor finishing allowed Fulham to claim a point . "  Today was as bad as it gets , " he told BBC Sport . "  We dominated the game and how we did not win it I do not know . "  We made a couple of defensive lapses and it costs us , " he added . Fulham , who were avoiding defeat for only the fourth time in 17 games , showed redoubtable spirit and after Sidwell had converted on-loan Lewis Holtby fine pass , Kieran Richardson , a former United player , missed a great chance to put the visitors 2-0 ahead . With United dominating possession , Van Persie leveled from new signing Juan Mata 's pass . Carrick 's shot then deflected past the excellent visiting goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg until the late drama to stun the home faithful . Earlier , Tottenham Hotspur moved up to fifth -- leapfrogging Sunday 's opponents Everton -- with a 1-0 home win at White Hart Lane . Everton had the better of the first half and home goalkeeper Hugo Lloris made crucial saves , but after the break Spurs offered more threat , with Emmanuel Adebayor grabbing the only goal of the match . He was alert after Kyle Walker 's quick free quick and blasted a fine shot past Tim Howard in the 65th minute . The victory left Tim Sherwood 's team three points adrift of Liverpool , who thrashed Arsenal 5-1 at Anfield Saturday to underline their credentials .	Manchester Utd held 2-2 at Old Trafford by Fulham Bottom club shock champions with late equalizer Tottenham Hotspur score crucial 1-0 home win over Everton Emmanuel Adebayor hits only goal of game in second half
URUMQI , China  CNN  -- Reports of alleged syringe stabbings in a restive western Chinese city are generating a bit of panic , but doctors say some people have incorrectly concluded they were attacked with needles . People 's Armed Police units equipped with armored personnel carriers take positions in Urumqi on Saturday . "  In the patients we have seen in the last couple of days , there are many which we believe were not actually punctured with needles , " Wang Hanbin , a Peoples ' Liberation Army doctor examining people in Urumqi , told reporters on Saturday at a briefing . Wang said about 20 cases are being investigated closely and samples were being taken to laboratories in Beijing for more testing . But , he said , "  many of the patients we have seen were mainly influenced by psychological factors . " Wang , a member of a six-person military medical panel reviewing the syringe-stabbing claims , attributes the false reports to widespread fear and lack of medical knowledge . "  Many of the patients did not actually see their attacker or the act of others attacking them with needles . Some patients who had needle puncture wounds experienced some discomfort in the area of the wound , and showed some symptoms , but could n't give an accurate account of what they perceived to have been a needle attack . " This is the latest crisis plaguing Xinjiang province and its capital city of Urumqi , where tensions have boiled over between Uyghurs and Han Chinese . The Han Chinese are the country 's dominant ethnic group , and the Uyghurs are a Turkic-speaking Muslim minority who consider Xinjiang their homeland . Ethnic Uyghurs have been blamed for the alleged syringe stabbings , and demonstrators clashed with police in Urumqi for two days this week over the issue . Protesters were demanding better police protection and a crackdown on the Uyghurs . The latest unrest left five people dead and 14 injured , according to Urumqi 's deputy mayor , and the Communist party chief in the city has been dismissed from his job amid the crisis , according to state-run media reported . Watch report on unrest in Urumqi from CNN 's John Vause " The Urumqi Public Prosecutors Office on Saturday said four ethnic Uyghurs were arrested in connection with three syringe-wielding incidents . At the press conference held by military medical personnel , the doctors said puncture wounds could not be found "  in a large percentage of the patients . " "  Some could have been bitten by insects such as mosquitoes , and in other cases there were moles , or skin pigmentation , and we could n't find a needle puncture wound , " said Wang , speaking at the news conference . "  Maybe they heard something from someone , then they discovered that they had a growth on their body . So , then they suspect that they may have been attacked with a needle and came to seek treatment . Some patients who came to seek treatment had some red marks or rash on their skin , but we did n't find any needle puncture wounds . " Wang urged people not to panic and urged them to immediately seek medical treatment if they think they were stabbed . He also said people need to educate themselves about medical care . Rumors have abounded in Urumqi of recent syringe stabbers trying to spread AIDS and other diseases . But another doctor , Duan Qing , explained at the briefing that would be impossible for there to be any such cases of AIDS , Hepatitis B , Hepatitis C , or syphilis because there is a lengthy incubation period . "  Even if there are cases of such illnesses , they are unrelated to incidents . This is basic medical knowledge , " she said . The three incidents that led to the arrests occurred in late August . A man admitted stabbing a female shopper with a pin on August 28 . Authorities said a man and woman on August 29 stole money from a taxi driver after threatening him with a syringe . And in the third incident , a man resisting arrest stabbed a police officer with a syringe on August 31 .	NEW : Many "  we believe were not actually punctured with needles , " army doctor says NEW : About 20 cases are being investigated closely , including testing , doctor says Five killed in riots between predominantly Muslim Uyghurs and Han Chinese Communist Party chief for Urumqi dismissed after deadly unrest
The latest chapter in Amanda Knox 's long legal battle began Monday in Florence , Italy , with a retrial over the 2007 killing of her British roommate Meredith Kercher . But Knox , 26 , who has expressed concern about returning to a country where she spent four years behind bars , was not in court . Neither was Kercher 's family , which said in a statement submitted by their lawyer in court on Monday that they would be following the new trial closely from the United Kingdom . Knox was convicted in 2009 of murdering Kercher , a 21-year old British exchange student who was found stabbed to death in November 2007 in the villa the two young women rented in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Family : Amanda Knox wo n't return to Italy for new trial The convictions of Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were overturned in 2011 for "  lack of evidence . " After her acquittal , Knox returned to her hometown of Seattle , where she has been living since . Knox : Sometimes , I ca n't stop crying But Italy 's Supreme Court decided last year to retry the case , saying the jury that acquitted Knox did n't consider all the evidence , and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . The retrial 's opening day Monday was dominated by procedural items . The presiding judge , Alessandro Nencini , read out the facts of the case , including the conviction of Ivory Coast native Rudy Guede for his role in Kercher 's murder . The defense teams asked for several items of evidence to be retested for DNA , and Nencini agreed that a knife found in Sollecito 's apartment would be re-examined . The court also agreed to hear testimony from Luciano Aviello , who served time in jail with Sollecito and claims that his brother killed Kercher . Also absent from the proceedings Monday was Giuliano Mignini , the Perugia prosecutor who won the original conviction and then lost the appeal . However , Patrick Lumumba , the Congolese bartender Knox originally accused of Kercher 's murder was in court . Lumumba spent several weeks in jail after Knox accused him , and he won a defamation suit against her , for which she was ordered to pay $ 22,000  $ 29,800  for his court costs . Also in the gallery were Perugia residents who attended the original trials . Court was adjourned until Friday , when Aviello will testify . A verdict is expected by the end of the year . Afraid to go back Knox has said she 's scared to return to Italy . "  I 'm afraid to go back there , " she said in an interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo in May . "  I do n't want to go back into prison . " The high court also said evidence could support prosecutors ' initial argument -- that Kercher was killed in a twisted sex game gone wrong . Knox has said such claims are "  a bombardment of falsehood and fantasy . " Italian court on reason for retrial : Evidence neglected "  No one has ever claimed that I was ever taking part in deviant sexual activity . None of my roommates , none of my friends , none of the people who knew me there . This is simply coming out of the prosecution , " she told CNN in May . "  I was not strapping on leather and bearing a whip . I have never done that . I have never taken part in an orgy . Ever . " The Supreme Court 's decision to send the case back to the appeal court for retrial "  may be interpreted by the American authorities as double jeopardy -- twice tried for the same fact or the same case , " said Riccardo Montana , a law lecturer at City University in London . "  In Italy it 's not like this , because this is still the same trial . " Sollecito , Knox 's former boyfriend , said he plans to stay in the Dominican Republic with a friend . He said he has no immediate plans to return to Italy . Watching from afar If the court convicts her , Knox will be ordered to return to Italy . If she refuses , Italy could request her extradition from the United States . But it 's not clear if American authorities would comply . Opinion : We 're obsessed when it 's white women in trouble Knox has said she would be willing to take a lie detector test . "  I 'd do anything to prove my innocence , " she told CNN affiliate ITV earlier this month . "  I do n't think that is necessary . But like I said , I 'm doing everything to prove my innocence . It 's just very sad that 's what it has come to . " Knox is n't the only person watching the retrial from afar . Citing health reasons , Kercher 's family said in a statement that they decided not to return to Italy for the beginning of the trial after speaking "  at great length . " "  It is an extremely stressful time for us all and we desperately want to find truth and justice for Meredith , who was so brutally and unnecessarily taken from us , and so we have decided to support each other in the UK and follow closely here , " the statement said . The family said they would remain in close contact with their lawyer , who was in the courtroom Monday . "  We trust that the evidence will be reviewed and any additional testing requested to be granted so that any unanswered questions can be clarified and the court can clearly decide the next steps in this tragic case , " the statement said . Timeline of the case	Meredith Kercher 's family says they decided not to attend The Italian Supreme Court has sent the case back an appeals court Knox is staying in the United States and was not in court She has said she is afraid to return to the country where she spent four years in jail
CNN  -- The story of Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart , one of Hollywood 's most iconic romances , starts on the screen . The pair first met on the set of 1944 's "  To Have and Have Not , " which was also Bacall 's screen debut . Anyone who 's seen the film ca n't help but notice the couple 's undeniable chemistry , and the attraction soon crackled off-screen . Three weeks into filming Bogart made his move , popping into Bacall 's trailer , surprising her with a kiss and then asking for her number , according to Vanity Fair , which spoke to Bacall at length in 2011 .  The actress died Tuesday in New York at age 89 . There was one wrinkle , though : Bogart was married to actress Mayo Methot , with whom he was known to have a difficult , volatile relationship . The couple tried to keep their burgeoning love affair secret from Methot , known for her temper , and the rest of Hollywood , but it eventually became clear to all , the magazine notes . Shortly after his divorce from Methot , a 45-year-old Bogart wed Bacall , then 20 , at Malabar Farm in Ohio in May 1945 . The couple 's 25-year age difference may have raised some eyebrows , but it did n't bother Bacall a bit . "  I fairly often have thought how lucky I was , " Bacall told Vanity Fair . "  I knew everybody because I was married to Bogie , and that 25-year difference was the most fantastic thing for me to have in my life . ... I was happy being his wife . I loved it . Because I really loved him . " The stars went on to have two children , Stephen and Leslie , and made three additional films together . Bogart , who had been married three times before Bacall , stayed with his frequent co-star until his death from cancer in 1957 . For more romances that moved from the reel to the real world , see the gallery above . Her memorable quotes Hollywood recalls screen legend Lauren Bacall With passing of Bacall , all of Madonna 's ` Vogue ' icons have died	Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart met on the set of 1944 's "  To Have and Have Not " The couple married a year later , and had two children They 're one of the famous couples whose relationship first began on-screen
To many , the spur-booted buckaroo in the ten-gallon hat may represent a time gone by . But the American cowboy is still alive and well -- and it 's not too late to join his  or her  rangeland ranks . Across the West -- and even in New England -- real ranches , rodeos and cattle drives are n't just preserving the frontier spirit , they 're actively practicing it . Many are open to the adventuresome traveler . Ranches , cattle drives , bull riding -- the life of the late-1800s Western superhero is available to all travelers  with good health insurance  . Cowboy Level : Urban Bandera , Texas The self-proclaimed Cowboy Capital of the World is stocked with guest ranches and real ranches , welcoming dudes  according to Merriam-Webster , "  a city dweller unfamiliar with life on the range "  as well as legitimate ranch hands . It 's practically impossible to pass through town without seeing a rodeo . Horses tied to hitching posts are n't uncommon . There are more than a dozen guest ranches to choose from , but among the most historic is Dixie Dude Ranch , which has lured wannabe wranglers since 1937 . An overnight trail ride includes chuck wagon meals and storytelling by the campfire . The cowboy authenticity ends where the massage therapy and pool begin . Possibly the best experience in Bandera is at Arkey Blue 's Silver Dollar Saloon -- one of Texas ' greatest dance halls . There are always a few cowboys drinking Pearl beer and listening to live music , often played by Arkey himself . Hit town for the National Day of the Cowboy on July 27 and you 'll be in for a treat . As you might expect , the town puts on a hell of a hootenanny . 833 Dixie Dude Ranch Road , Bandera , Texas ; 830-796-7771 ; www.dixieduderanch.com ; www.banderacowboycapital.com Cowboy Level : Hired Hand Chico Basin Ranch  Colorado If you want to be less of a dude and more of a dust-kicking cowpoke , consider the 87,000-acre Chico Basin Ranch . Located 35 miles outside of Colorado Springs , Colorado , Chico Basin is a true working ranch where guests perform every task that experienced cowboys must do in order to keep the ranch functioning . That includes repairing trucks , equipment and fences ; constructing gear in the leather shop ; and branding and moving cattle . Most of the work is done on horseback . Chico does n't offer many comforts , so guests get the true working cowboy experience . But if visitors need a relaxing activity after a hard day 's work , they 're welcome to go fishing on one of the ranch 's five lakes . 22500 Peyton Highway S. , Colorado Springs , Colorado ; 719-683-7960 ; www.chicobasinranch.com Zapata Ranch  Colorado Like Chico Basin , Zapata Ranch in Mosca , Colorado , is owned by The Nature Conservancy , but it 's run by the state ranch management company Ranchlands , so there 's a strong emphasis on sustaining one of the most ecologically diverse regions in America . The ranch itself stretches through forests , wetlands , sand dunes and verdant pastures . All visitors get a hands-on cowboy experience , not only moving cows , but also herding about 2,000 buffalo from pasture to pasture to help sustain the land . Guests also fix barbed wire fencing , tend to giant center-pivot irrigation sprinklers , and learn how modern practices are being fused with classic cowboy traditions to help preserve one of America 's greatest assets . 5305 State Highway 150 , Mosca , Colorado ; open March-October ; 719-378-2356 ; www.zranch.org McGinnis Meadows Cattle & Guest Ranch  Montana Since the 1980s , more and more cowboys have been adopting Natural Horsemanship practices , made famous by the film "  The Horse Whisperer . " At McGinnis Meadows in Libby , Montana , horse lovers learn the practices championed by Buck Brannaman . The method works with the natural instincts of the animal , building trust and mutual respect . After learning how to "  whisper , " you and your horse will track , pen and drive cattle . 6220 McGinnis Meadows Road , Libby , Montana ; 406-293-5000 ; www.mmgranch.net Cowboy Level : True Grit Doublerafter Cattle Drives  Wyoming Legit nomads can ditch the working ranch routine for a real deal cattle drive . For six days , you can ride through the mountainous rangeland of Wyoming , moving cattle to greener pastures through terrain too rough and restrictive for anything with wheels . Each night you 'll set up 1800s-style canvas wall tents , eat grub cooked in a Dutch oven and entertain each other by the campfire . The professionals warn guests to expect the unexpected -- from brush fires to stampedes to impromptu rodeos . After nearly a week in the saddle you 'll be ready for a steady seat . And you can enjoy one at the famous cowboy saloon , The Mint Bar , in Sheridan , Wyoming , where most groups spend their last night . P.O. Box 490 , Ranchester , Wyoming 82839 ; open June-September ; 307-655-9539 ; www.doublerafter.com Let R Buck  Connecticut Working the rangeland can be as gratifying as it is grueling , but for some bronc busters , nothing compares to the adrenaline rush of riding a 2,000-pound beast for eight never-ending seconds of glory . At Let R Buck bull riding school in North Canaan , Connecticut , you can learn about the mighty bull , its body language and how to stay on it for about the same amount of time it takes to read this sentence . After six days of classes , you 're ready to ride at a professional rodeo . 210 S. Canaan Road , North Canaan , Connecticut ; 860-824-7700 ; www.cnobull2tuff.com	Plenty of genuine cowboy experiences are available to travelers Bandera , Texas , is the self-proclaimed Cowboy Capital of the World Repairing trucks is part of today 's cowboy experience Real cattle drives are part of the deal at Wyoming 's Doublerafter Cattle Drives
CNN  -- A Florida high school valedictorian and her sister , who were facing deportation , instead were meeting with with lawmakers Wednesday after being granted a reprieve . An immigration judge ruled last week that Daniela Pelaez , 18 , and her sister Dayana were to be deported for being in the country illegally . But Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Tuesday gave the sisters a two-year reprieve . The decision was made under the policy of prosecutorial discretion , which is designed to prioritize deportation for illegal border crossers with a criminal record , instead of those who pose little or no risk . "  The agency exercises prosecutorial discretion , on a case by case basis , as necessary to focus resources on our stated priorities , " ICE spokesman Nestor Yglesias said in a statement Wednesday . The Pelaez sisters traveled to Washington to meet with Florida Sens. Marco Rubio and Bill Nelson , and Florida Reps. David Rivera and Frederica Wilson . Rubio , a Republican , had expressed support for finding a way for Daniela Pelaez to remain in the United States . "  I have always said that our country needs to figure out a way to accommodate high academic achievers brought here at a very young age by their parents but who now find themselves undocumented through no fault of their own , " he said in a statement last week . "  From what I 've read in press accounts , the story of Daniela Pelaez is exactly the kind of case I have been talking about . " The sisters and their parents came from Colombia 14 years ago and never left -- overstaying their tourist visas . A Miami immigration judge ruled last week that the two girls must be deported to Colombia , leaving the teenagers in shock . Daniela , a high school senior , has a 6.7 grade point average and is at top of her class out of 823 students , a school administrator said . The teenager wants to study cellular and molecular biology for a medical career .	Two Florida sisters facing deportation get a two-year reprieve Daniela Pelaez is the top student in her class ICE gave the reprieve under the policy of prosecutorial discretion
CNN  -- A fifth man has been arrested on suspicion of planning an act of terrorism , British police said Thursday . All the men , ages 20 and 21 , remain in custody at central London police stations . The warrant for further detention has been granted until October 14 , police said . The arrests come nearly two weeks after police arrested at least 10 other men in the United Kingdom on suspicion of terror offenses , including supporting a banned organization and encouraging terrorism . A UK security source said Tuesday that authorities may have foiled a terror plot aimed at Britain in its early stages . Islamic terrorism was "  the clear reason " for the plot , according to the source . After four men were arrested earlier this week , Scotland Yard said they are being held on suspicion related to the "  commission , preparation or instigation of act of terrorism . " Authorities have not detailed exactly where or when such terrorist attacks might have occurred or what or who they might have involved . Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe , in an interview with BBC local radio , said many recent arrests are "  linked back to Syria and Iraq . " In the latest arrests , authorities said they searched residences and vehicles in west and central London as part of the investigation . UK police arrest 4 men suspected of terror plot CNN 's Alex Felton in London contributed to this report .	Police said Islamic terrorism was "  the clear reason " for alleged plot Two weeks ago , 10 others were arrested on suspicion of terror offenses Authorities not saying where or when attacks might have happened
CNN  -- A Chinese journalist jailed for eight years for leaking government restrictions on reporting is now free . Shi Tao 's early release was announced by the writers ' organization PEN International on Saturday -- 15 months before he was scheduled to be freed . Shi is a member of Independent Chinese PEN Center , which advocates for freedom of speech . Shi made headlines in 2004 when he sent the media restrictions to a human rights group -- an act that China said amounted to "  leaking state secrets , " PEN said . What 's more , Internet giant Yahoo played a part in his conviction . In a widely criticized move , Yahoo handed over Shi 's e-mail account information , which the Chinese government used in the case against Shi , according to court documents . The reporting restrictions were over the coverage of the 15th anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre , in which hundreds of pro-democracy protesters were killed in a government crackdown . Chinese soldiers followed orders to open fire on unnarmed civilians . Official Chinese government figures said the death toll was 241 , including soldiers , with 7,000 injured . Rights groups have said the number of dead was likely in the thousands . Early release Shi was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2005 . It 's not clear why he was let go early . The U.S. Congress led a probe into the case after his conviction . Yahoo lawyers defended the move to hand over information , saying not doing so would have jeopardized the company 's own employees . "  I can not ask our local employees  in China  to resist lawful demands and put their own freedom at risk , even if , in my personal view , the local laws are overboard , " attorney Michael Callahan said in 2007 . Yahoo settled with Shi 's family for an undisclosed amount . But the late Rep. Tom Lantos had harsh words for the company . "  It took a tongue-lashing from Congress before these high-tech titans did the right thing and coughed up some concrete assistance for the family of a journalist whom Yahoo had helped send to jail , " Lantos said at the time . Lingering questions Shi was apparently released on August 23 , but Marian Botsford Fraser , who heads up the Writers in Prison Committee for PEN , says her organization just learned of it . Botsford Fraser said Shi has n't communicated directly with PEN but he has spoken with a affiliated group in China . Botsford Fraser said Shi is currently living with his mother and is in good spirits . But , she added , he has no desire to speak publicly . Botsford Fraser emphasized that while her organization welcomes Shi 's early release , it has many unanswered questions . PEN can only speculate , Botsford Fraser said , as to the timing and rationale of his release . Also unknown is why Shi recently began to receive better treatment in prison . Of late , authorities even allowed Shi to write , Botsford Fraser said . In October 2010 , when he learned that Liu Xiaobo , a Chinese dissident , received a Nobel Peace Prize , he composed a poem which read in part : "  October Comes from afar , but not to end October Will become a festival for all the unfortunates and their friends . " Shi 's release was not covered by Chinese state media . CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	Shi Tao was sentenced to 10 years for leaking government restrictions on reporting The restrictions were over the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre Yahoo was criticized for giving China information about Shi that was used in his conviction A Yahoo attorney has said its employees in China were abiding by the law
CNN  -- Jazz great George Duke , a visionary keyboardist , producer , composer and arranger , has died in Los Angeles . He was 67 . The Grammy-winning artist was known for blending jazz with rock , funk , R&B and Brazilian sounds , creating music that moved beyond boundaries . Over the course of his lengthy career , which spanned nearly 50 years , the prolific musician collaborated with notables such as Miles Davis , Michael Jackson , Anita Baker and Frank Zappa . According to a statement from his record label , Duke was being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukemia . "  We are all devastated by the sad news of George 's passing , " said Mark Wexler , general manager of the Concord-Telarc Label Group . "  He was a great man , a legendary , one-of-a-kind artist ; and our hearts go out to his family . George will be missed by all . " A California native , Duke was inspired to play the piano after catching a Duke Ellington performance as a child . In 1997 , he told USA Today he remembered "  seeing this guy in a white suit , playing this big thing , which I later found out was a piano . He had all these guys around him , and he was waving his hands conducting , and he spoke very intelligently and seemed to be having a good time . ... I told my mom , ' I want to be him . ' That moment in time set the stage for me . " An alum of the San Francisco Conservatory of Music and San Francisco State University , Duke would become renowned for his skills with the keyboard , and according to Rolling Stone magazine had released more than 40 albums . "  I was in a rock band , I played with a bunch of Brazilians , I played R&B with Parliament-Funkadelic and all of that , " he said in an interview , according to the New York Times . "  I mean , I 've done jazz with Miles Davis and Cannonball Adderley . It 's a goulash . It 's a gumbo . " His most recent album , "  DreamWeaver , " was composed following the death of his wife , Corine . It was released on July 16 , and debuted at No. 1 on Billboard 's Contemporary Jazz Chart , according to his record label . Several stars in the entertainment industry , from Quincy Jones to Janelle Monae , have mourned the loss of the jazz giant . "  Rest in Peace to my brother and collaborator George Duke , " Jones tweeted . "  A great musician , a greater friend . " " #GeorgeDuke merits the highest praise , " added Questlove of The Roots . "  Frank Zappa  beyond genius Genius  loved & respected Duke . that means somethin . " "  George Duke rest in peace , " Monae posted . "  He was an inspiration to us . " Duke 's son , Rashid , shared his gratitude for the support his family has received . "  The outpouring of love and support that we have received from my father 's friends , fans and the entire music community has been overwhelming , " he said in a statement . "  Thank you all for your concern , prayers and support . " People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Keyboardist George Duke has died The prolific artist was suffering from chronic lymphocytic leukemia Duke was known for creating and collaborating across genres "  It 's a goulash , " he said of his sound
U.S. regulators issued a safety advisory on Wednesday night urging freight railroads to avoid using older tank cars when hauling highly volatile crude oil when possible . The Transportation Department action follows a string of derailments over the past 10 months , including a catastrophic explosion and fire last July that wiped out a town center in Canada , killing nearly 50 people , and another fiery accident on April 30 in Virginia . "  These accidents have demonstrated the need for emergency action to address unsafe conditions or practices in the shipment of petroleum crude oil by rail , " the agency said in its notice that included an order for railroads to notify relevant state emergency response offices when planning to ship large amounts of petroleum crude from the Bakken oil field in North Dakota . Large shipments were classified as trains hauling more than 1 million gallons of Bakken crude , or approximately 35 tank cars . Petroleum crude is said to be more volatile than other types of shipments of that kind , and safety questions have been raised previously about large volumes of it moving through the United States and Canada . To that end , the Federal Railroad Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration advised those offering oil shipping contracts and rail carriers on Wednesday "  to the extent possible to avoid the use of older " tank cars when shipping Bakken crude . Regulators are "  strongly urging " the use of tank cars with the "  highest level of integrity available in their fleets " when hauling that product . "  All options are on the table when it comes to improving the safe transportation of crude oil , and today 's actions , the latest in a series that make up an expansive strategy , will ensure that communities are more informed and that companies are using the strongest possible tank cars , " said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx . The Transportation Department also said it aims to move forward with new regulations on tank car standards . Accidents cited by regulators included : The April 30 derailment of a CSX train with 105 tank cars loaded with petroleum crude in Lynchburg , Virginia . Seventeen cars jumped the tracks , triggering an oil fire . Some 350 people were evacuated . Up to 30,000 gallons of crude spilled into the James River . Last December , a BNSF train hauling more than 100 cars of petroleum crude hit the derailed car of another train in North Dakota . The locomotive and 21 tank cars left the tracks , dumping 400,000 gallons of oil and triggering a massive fire . Some 1,400 people were evacuated . Last November , a 90-car petroleum crude oil train operated by Alabama & Gulf Coast Railway derailed in Alabama . Twenty-six cars were involved , triggering a fire . The worst was last July when an unattended freight train loaded with petroleum crude rolled down a grade in the town of Lac-Mégantic , Quebec . The resulting explosion and fire leveled the small community 's downtown , killing 47 people . The freight rail industry , represented by the Association of American Railroads , said it has worked for years with emergency responders to educate them about hazardous materials . "  These open and transparent communications will continue as railroads do all they can to comply with the Department of Transportation 's emergency order , " the group said in a statement . In February , the industry announced steps in conjunction with the Transportation Department that included stepped up track inspections , improved braking procedures , new route analysis , and speed restrictions . The industry at the time said it would continue to work with regulators on new tank car standards . Safety officials wary of growing use of trains to ship oil Opinion : Stop shipping volatile oil by rail	Transportation Department takes action after string of derailments Safety questions have been raised about highly volatile petroleum crude There is concern about older tankers being used for those shipments Derailments over the past 10 months have been fiery ; one in Canada was catastrophic
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Christina Aguilera has split with husband Jordan Bratman , but there was no immediate talk of divorce , her representative said Tuesday . "  Although Jordan and I are separated , our commitment to our son Max remains as strong as ever , " Aguilera said in a statement released Tuesday through her representative . The 29-year-old singer-actress and the 33-year-old music executive married five years ago . Their son , Max , was born two years ago . Aguilera co-stars with Cher in "  Burlesque , " a major feature film set for a Thanksgiving release . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Despite split , there is no word on a divorce Aguilera and Bratman married five years ago and have a 2-year-old son
For the fifth year straight , Washington ranked as the country 's most bicycle-friendly state , thanks to policies designed to create alternatives to driving , according to the League of American Bicyclists . The advocacy group 's Bicycle Friendly State Program ranks the states each year under a series of criteria , from laws and regulations that govern bicycling to policies for accommodating cyclists and infrastructure funding . In each of the top five states -- Washington , Minnesota , Massachusetts , Colorado and Oregon -- the focus of the respective Departments of Transportation is not only on highways but on accommodating pedestrians , cyclists and transportation on ferries and trains , said Matt Wempe , the league 's state and local advocacy coordinator . Arkansas , considered one of the least safe places for cyclists based on fatalities , was at the bottom of the list . The league 's top recommendation was to adopt a statewide bicycle plan and to establish an advisory committee to oversee its implementation . Washington is considered a model for all other states on using federal funds for bicycle and pedestrian projects . It also earned points for adopting a safe passing and vulnerable road user law , which carries enhanced penalties for motorists who severely injure or kill a cyclist or pedestrian , Wempe said . It also creates a minimum 3-foot "  safe passing " distance for cyclists by motorists . Related : Drivers and cyclists square off on sharing the road to work The state also has a "  complete streets " policy , which means new roads must be designed with cyclists and pedestrians in mind , Wempe said . "  Every state says bicycles are treated the same as vehicles , but that needs to be clarified , " he said . "  We 're stressing that bicycles have the same rights and responsibilities as motor vehicles , but their needs in terms of infrastructure need to be clarified . " Minnesota , which claimed the No. 2 spot , also has a complete streets policy . The state also earned kudos for its bike-sharing program and plans to expand bike trails along the Mississippi River . Colorado cracked the top 10 for the first time with qualities that make it a model for other states in terms of traffic laws , Wempe said . It has a safe passing law and a Share the Road Campaign ; cyclists are allowed to ride side-by-side . It also has bicycle commuter share of more than 1 % , more than double the national average . "  We are encouraged to see significant progress in top states like Washington , Minnesota , Colorado and Massachusetts , " Andy Clarke , president of the League of American Bicyclists , said in a statement . "  But , as the scores clearly highlight , there 's much work to be done in critical areas like infrastructure and funding . Overall , we see states -- and especially state Departments of Transportation and state legislatures -- lagging behind cities and the expectations of local cyclists , despite the many well documented benefits of a more active lifestyle . "	For the fifth year straight , Washington ranks as country 's most bicycle-friendly state Washington passed law carrying penalties for motorists who injure or kill cyclists Minnesota takes no. 2 spot for bike-sharing program , plans to expand bike trails Arkansas takes last place
CNN  -- What do heroin and Obamacare have in common ? Nothing -- save for more than 1,200 packets of heroin that had the words "  Obama Care " and "  Kurt Cobain " printed in red on the packaging that Massachusetts State Police say they uncovered in a drug bust . State police said the labels are nothing more than marketing ploys . "  It 's a branding by the particular drug dealer so when the drug gets out to the population , you know what it is , " said Police Lt. Daniel Richard . "  It 's just a branding so you can say if this brand is good or bad . It 's like putting Pepsi or Coca-Cola on a bottle . " Trooper Joseph Petty stopped a vehicle with four people in the Town of Hatfield on Friday morning after noticing the vehicle was committing several traffic violations . Tyler Robenstein and Ashley Beaulieu of Vermont and Marquese Jones and Sherod Green of New Jersey were taken into custody and face conspiracy to violate drug laws and possession charges . The driver , Robenstein , was charged with speeding , unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle and failure to change lanes for an emergency vehicle , police said . The Hampshire County Jail in Northampton said late Saturday afternoon that Robenstein and Beaulieu had been released on bond . Jones and Green were still being held . CNN 's Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	"  Obama Care " was printed on packages of heroin New : "  It 's just a branding so you can say if this brand is good or bad . " Four people arrested Friday in Hatfield , Massachusetts
PARIS , France -- France lock Sebastien Chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on England 's Simon Shaw during Saturday 's World Cup semifinal in Paris . Simon Shaw offloads despite being tackled by Raphael Ibanez , left , and Sebastien Chabal . The Sale Sharks forward will face a disciplinary hearing on Monday after his tackle on opposite second-rower Shaw was noted by citing commissioner Dennis Wheelahan . Chabal started the match on the substitutes ' bench , but was brought on in the 26th minute to replace the injured Fabien Pelous during hosts France 's 14-9 defeat . If he is suspended , then Chabal will miss Friday 's third and fourth-place play-off match at the Parc des Princes . Meanwhile , France coach Bernard Laporte said that the defeat was tougher to take than England 's 24-7 win in the 2003 semifinals . "  In 2003 , they were better then us . In fact they were better than everyone , " said Laporte , who is leaving his role to take up the post of junior sports minister in the French government . "  They were like the New Zealand of this tournament - the favorite , except they went all the way . This time it 's harder because yesterday it was 50-50 . " Meanwhile , England -- seeking to become the first nation to defend the World Cup title -- revealed that star kicker Jonny Wilkinson again had problems with the match balls during the semifinal . The fly-half , who voiced his concerns after struggling with the boot against Australia , rejected a ball before kicking a vital three-pointer against France . "  We did n't say it last week but a non-match ball got onto the field in Marseille which Jonny kicked , " director of rugby Rob Andrew said . "  He did n't think about it while he was kicking it . "  The match balls are marked , numbered one to six . Last night they had ` World Cup semi-final England vs France ' written on them . On match night , Jonny was vigilant when kicking for goal that they were actually match balls he was kicking . "  The practice balls lose pressure and shape . The whole issue last week , the organizers accepted all six match balls should be used by both sides on the Thursday before game . " E-mail to a friend	France lock Sebastien Chabal cited for a dangerous tackle on Simon Shaw Chabal faces disciplinary hearing on Monday after incident against England Sale forward will miss the third and fourth-place play-off is he is suspended
CNN  -- A biker who posted videos of himself on YouTube performing stunts and speeding at up to 210 kph  130 mph  has been jailed after inadvertently confessing his misdemeanors to police . Sandor Ferenci posted video of himself online performing high-speed stunts . Sandor Ferenci , 28 , was approached by police after a motorist saw him speeding on his powerful motorcycle and noted his registration number . When they called at his house in Oxfordshire , England , he unwittingly asked if they had seen his YouTube video -- prompting officers to search the Internet , where they found uploaded video of his hazardous riding . Ferenci was Monday sentenced to 12 weeks ' jail after admitted two counts of dangerous driving at Oxford Crown Court . Judge Terence Maher told Ferenci that he had carried out "  lunatic and grossly irresponsible maneuvers at considerable speed , " according to CNN affiliate ITN . Ferenci 's video footage , filmed by a friend from various angles including a footbridge , was shown to the court . In it the biker is seen performing wheelies , tire-smoking wheelspins and skids on his Yamaha R6 road bike as well as high speed undertaking maneuvers . Prosecutor Brian Payne said it was impossible to gauge Ferenci 's exact speed in the video , but police estimated he was driving up to 210 kph , ITN reported .	Biker jailed for 12 weeks after posting YouTube stunts video Police estimates put his speed at up to 210 kph  130 mph Ferenci admitted two counts of dangerous driving
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The young woman who last weekend emerged as a powerful symbol of opposition to the Iranian government embraced life in many ways , but there was little about her that would have led her friends to predict she would become a martyr , one of them told CNN . Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , enjoyed music and was looking forward to learning how to play the piano . Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , rose to prominence within hours after a crudely shot video documenting her final moments was uploaded to the Web shortly after she died Saturday from a single gunshot wound to the chest . "  It 's heartbreaking , " President Obama said Tuesday in Washington , referring to the video of the woman the world has come to know simply as Neda , which means "  divine calling " in Farsi . "  And I think anyone who sees it knows there 's something fundamentally unjust about it . " Since Saturday , the Iranian government has sought to minimize the impact of her death , but one of her friends on Tuesday described her to CNN in an attempt to inject life and context into what has been -- for much of the rest of the world -- just a few seconds of powerful , if grainy , video . Much about her remains unclear , but here is what CNN has learned from at least one source : The second of three children , Neda lived with her parents in a middle-class neighborhood east of Tehran . She was a happy , positive person . Though she studied philosophy and religion at the Azad Islamic University , she was more spiritual than religious . She also loved music . She once studied violin but had given it up and was planning to take up piano next . She had just bought a piano , but it had not yet been delivered . Her demeanor was typically calm , even serene , but she had a quirky , playful sense of humor . A friend recalled that once , when Neda was visiting her friend 's house , she picked up a white Teddy bear , took off her big , purple-studded earrings and put them on the bear . Then she removed a necklace from around the neck of a friend and put it around the bear 's neck , taking delight in the bear 's transformation . She liked to travel , having visited Turkey three months ago with a tour group . And she believed in human rights , her friend said . See gallery of Neda and the effect of her life " That may have explained why she was at an anti-government demonstration in Tehran on Saturday afternoon . After being stuck in traffic for more than an hour inside a Peugeot 206 -- a subcompact with a poorly working air conditioner -- Neda and a family friend decided to get out of the car for some fresh air . Shaky video captured on a cell phone shows her walking with the man , a teacher of music and philosophy , near an anti-government demonstration . The two are near where protesters were chanting in opposition to the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , whose calls for an end to anti-government demonstrations have sparked defiance across the nation . Neda , wearing a baseball cap over a black scarf , a black shirt , blue jeans and tennis shoes , does not appear to be chanting and seems to be observing the demonstration . Suddenly , Neda is on the ground -- felled by a single gunshot wound to the chest . Several men kneel at her side and place pressure on her chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding . "  She has been shot ! Someone , come and take her ! " shouts one man . By now , Neda 's eyes have rolled to her right ; her body is limp . Blood streams from her mouth , then from her nose . For a second , her face is hidden from view as the phone camera goes behind one of the men . When Neda 's face comes back into view , it is covered with blood . Then , the teacher pleads with her by name . "  Neda , do not be afraid , do not be afraid , " he repeats . Another man curses as the first man begins to wail . "  Somebody come and get her in a car and take her away ! " a voice pleads . She was taken to a nearby hospital and , within a day , she was buried at Behesht Zahra , the city 's largest Muslim cemetery , on the outskirts of the capital . A friend of hers interprets the fact that her body was released so quickly as a tacit acknowledgment by the government that the killing was carried out by government forces . That theory is supported by the fact that Iran 's strict gun-control laws mean private citizens can not carry firearms , the friend said . Since her death , public displays of mourning for Neda have been prohibited , the friend said . A gathering of about 60 people at a mosque was broken up by members of the Basij , the pro-government vigilantes blamed for much of the violence against demonstrators , according to New York Times columnist Roger Cohen , who observed the incident . iReport.com : Share your views on unrest in Iran Neda 's family has not been allowed to post a black banner of mourning outside the family 's house , the friend said . Yet Neda 's influence may not diminish soon . Under Muslim tradition , the seventh and 40th days after someone dies are devoted to mourning and reflection .	Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , was the second of three children from middle-class family Friend said she was happy , serene , spiritual -- with a quirky sense of humor Neda once played the violin but gave it up ; she wanted to learn to play the piano In her last moments , she 's seen observing a protest when single bullet hits her
April 8 , 2015 After a report on headlines concerning the U.S. and Cuba , CNN Student News gives some perspective on California 's historic drought : Its effects are becoming more likely to ripple across the nation . There 's been a flu outbreak in Chicago -- but not one that affects humans . And a proposed tunnel would connect Denmark and Germany via an undersea road and rail line . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  At the Church of the Corvette , it 's the Day After . The doors of the National Corvette Museum opened as usual Thursday morning in Bowling Green , Kentucky , but this day is not going to be typical . When a historically giant sinkhole suddenly appears inside one of the world 's sanctuaries of uber-cool cars as it did Wednesday , it changes the mental landscape a bit . A 40-foot-wide , 20-to-30-foot deep chasm tends to shake you up , say folks who 've seen the hole with their own eyes . No one was hurt , but the mood in the museum is somber . They 're a bit less shaken than they were Wednesday , when the sinkhole swallowed eight priceless Corvettes inside a part of the museum called the Sky Dome . "  We 've been given an OK and everything is safe , " said museum spokeswoman Katie Frassinelli . About a dozen visitors were exploring the place Thursday morning , she said , but the Sky Dome remains closed indefinitely . Nature 's disturbance of this holy site started a wave of concern across the Corvette Nation that continued to ripple around the web Thursday . "  Who could fathom such a thing ? " asked CNN commenter 440sixpack . "  I do n't live anywhere near this sort of geological risk , but still I 'm tempted to arrange for a sub-surface analysis under my own garage just so I can still sleep good . " Fans at Supercompressor.com asked the question : Why could n't this "  have happened to a Yugo museum instead ? " ` Vette fans have been stepping forward to help . Auto parts store owner Chuck Tamraz told reporters he 's volunteering to find any replacement parts to restore the cars . SWALLOWED BY THE SINKHOLE -- a 1962 "  Black Corvette " -- a 1984 PPG pace car -- a 2009 ZR1 "  Blue Devil " -- the 1992 white "  1 Millionth Corvette " -- a 1993 ruby red "  40th Anniversary Corvette " -- a 2001 Mallett Hammer Z06 Corvette -- the 2009 white "  1.5 Millionth Corvette " -- a 1993 ZR-1 Spyder Source : National Corvette Museum So , what the hell happened ? How could a gaping hole just appear in such a wrong place ? Keep in mind that this is cave country . Western Kentucky is the home of Mammoth Cave National Park , the largest known cave system in the world . Sinkholes pop up constantly in these parts , usually caused by ground water eroding underground limestone over many years , forming a void underneath the surface of the earth . Eventually , the soil that was above the dissolving limestone has nothing to support it anymore , and it collapses . "  Right now , the ground at the museum seems like it 's pretty stable , " said Western Kentucky University geologist Jason Polk . Experts have assessed and inspected the entire building using ground monitoring equipment . Engineer Matthew Dettman , a 22-year professor at WKU , said sinkholes rarely form in clusters . "  The likelihood that another is going to drop out is possible , but unlikely . " "  The contractor in charge will certainly want to do some investigation to verify that we do n't have any other issues in the building that we know of , " Dettman said . That contractor , Mike Murphy of Scott , Murphy and Daniel Construction , acknowledged that his business runs across at least one of these sinkhole situations every month . "  The only difference is this one swallowed eight collector Corvettes , " he said . "  But it is repairable . " He assured reporters Thursday the building was "  in good condition , and the foundation and structure is in good condition . " But the cars . Those sweet cars . Oh , the humanity ! Some of them , Dettman said , are buried so deep in the hole that they ca n't be seen from the surface . "  It 's fascinating , and sad , " he said Thursday morning on the phone . But "  the timing could have been a lot worse , " Dettman said . Amazing closed circuit security video shows the hole opening up early Wednesday morning before the museum was scheduled to open . "  There are times where there are so many people in that room , you ca n't even move around . " Some of the museum workers were busy washing the cars that survived the sinkhole . "  I ca n't say we 've ever had to clear concrete dust off of our cars before , " Frassinelli said . "  They have to be really careful . " Polk , who spent most of Wednesday at the sinkhole site , said "  the whole experience was surreal , " adding that "  it was definitely lucky for the people -- not so much for the Corvettes . " By the way , for the record , he says he 's a ` Vette fan -- but he drives a Toyota . For right now , Dettman says the risk is extremely minimal . The Sky Dome has been closed to the public , while visitors will be able to tour the rest of the facility . Another stroke of luck : the dome 's round shape makes it less likely to collapse on itself , Dettman said . But about 10 % of the concrete footing supporting the structure 's signature red spire , which shoots high over the museum , has been "  undermined " somewhat . "  We do have to shore it up even though part of it is bearing on bedrock , " he explained . The Sky Dome has a long road to recovery . It will take at least four to six days to pull the Corvettes out of the chasm , and then construction crews will begin filling in the hole , Murphy said . Timing may have been good for the Sky Dome , but it was bad on another level . The sinkhole comes as the museum prepares to celebrate its 20th anniversary this August . Big doings are in the works , including the grand opening of a new nearby MotorSports Park , where sinkholes were found and dealt with during construction . "  Sinkholes are so common here that I would have been shocked if they had n't found any , " Dettman said . But museum executive director Wendell Strode said the Sky Dome will reopen in time for the festivities . "  August is our target date , " he said . How do you fix a sinkhole ? You can fill it in with dirt or other types of material . Or sometimes , it 's impossible to fix , and the location has to be abandoned . It depends on the situation , said Polk . Discussions about how to proceed with the museum sinkhole are expected to continue Thursday , and there 's no firm plan yet . No one really knows how long it will be before we know if the Sky Dome will survive this attack by Mother Nature . Hopefully , said Polk , "  the sooner the better . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	It will take up to six days to pull the Corvettes out of the chasm , an expert says Museum opens a day after sinkhole eats 8 priceless Corvettes Other parts of museum are safe , experts say Too soon to tell if museum 's iconic yellow Sky Dome will survive
CNN  -- Not knowing . It 's the hardest part . That 's the truth facing the loved ones of slain or missing Americans . So when a 19-year-old Pennsylvania woman already facing murder charges told a newspaper reporter that she 'd killed before -- over and over again , from Alaska to North Carolina -- loved ones could n't help but sit up and take notice , said Kristy Dyroff , a spokeswoman for the National Organization for Victim Assistance . "  Anyone hands them the least glimmer of hope , they latch on to it , " she said . "  The biggest difficulty for victims is they have no control , and they 're trying to regain some by doing something proactive . " Murder suspect 's bombshell claims raise questions On Sunday , the Daily Item newspaper in Sunbury , Pennsylvania , published a jailhouse interview with murder suspect Miranda Barbour in which she claimed a string of killings dating back six years -- to when she was 13 . "  I would lure these people in , " the Daily Item quoted her as saying . "  I studied them . I learned them and even became their friend . I did this to people who did bad things and did n't deserve to be here anymore . " Barbour took credit for more than 22 but fewer than 100 killings , Daily Item reporter Francis Scarcella told CNN affiliate WNEP . Authorities have n't verified her claims , although they are investigating . Barbour and her husband , Elytte Barbour , 22 , do face murder charges in the 2013 death of 42-year-old Troy LaFerrara , who police say was strangled and repeatedly stabbed by the couple before being dumped in a yard . If her other claims are true , Barbour would be one of the nation 's most prolific serial killers . Gary Ridgway , known as the Green River Killer , pleaded guilty to killing 49 women in Washington state in the 1980s and 1990s . Randy Steven Kraft may have killed as many as 65 young men in the 1970s and early 1980s . Based on the numbers she gave Scarcella , Barbour would have had to kill on average somewhere between every three weeks and every three months . For six years . Without leaving a trace . Yet in the 2013 killing , police documents show Barbour told police she and her husband could n't clean up all the blood LaFerrara 's killing left in her CR-V , and that one of the ways investigators traced the killing to her was her own cell phone . The last number dialed on LaFerrara 's phone led to Barbour , according to police . Even the prosecutor who hopes to convict the couple , Northumberland County District Attorney Tony Rosini , said he discounts Barbour 's other claims . "  We have been in contact with other law enforcement agencies where she has lived and have n't received any information verifying what she said , " Rosini told WNEP . That means little to loved ones of victims clinging to a desperate need for answers -- and there are plenty of people in that situation . The FBI estimates more than 87,000 people were missing in the United States at the end of 2012 . And in just the last five years , more than 26,000 killings have gone unsolved . In North Carolina , where Barbour and her husband lived before moving to Pennsylvania , advocates for families of missing persons and crime victims have already heard from some people asking about possible links to the case . "  Anytime anything like this happens , we start getting e-mails and phone calls . I started getting texts last night , " said Monica Caison , the founder of the Wilmington-based Community United Effort Center for Missing Persons . "  It sends everybody into a panic mode -- a hopeful panic mode , " Caison said . "  They want to be one of those , but they do n't want to be one of those . They want their nightmare to end . " Some people , those whose loved ones are still missing , take notice of such cases not out of hope the trail will lead to a dead body , Dyroff said . Instead , they want to keep hope alive . By finding out that a professed killer 's claims are false , they can continue believing their loved one is still alive , she said . And most of the time , stories such as Barbour 's do turn out to be concoctions , retired FBI investigator Keith Lanning told CNN . "  A lot of these individuals , particular some of the adult survivors , have emotional and psychological problems , and a lot of their motivation is to get attention and forgiveness for various problems in their lives , " he said . Some just want to try to cash in on a fragile connection to a case in hopes of working themselves out of trouble with the law , said Dyroff . Whatever their motivation , it ends up leaving victims hurt all over again , Dyroff said . "  When you ca n't get any of those pieces to fall into place , it 's very hard , " she said . Woman accused in Craigslist slaying tells newspaper : I 've killed lots of others CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Suspected killer 's confession gets attention of victims ' loved ones , advocates Relatives of slain , missing , cling to "  least glimmer of hope , " advocate says Miranda Barbour told reporter she had killed repeatedly before Police are investigating but many are skeptical about her claims
CNN  -- Pirates have commandeered a Taiwanese-flagged fishing boat off the coast of Africa , the European Union 's Naval Force in Somalia announced on Friday . The naval force said the Feng Guo No. 168 departed from Port Louis , Mauritius , on October 1 , with 14 crew members onboard , including a Taiwanese captain and sailors from Vietnam , China and Indonesia . The vessel was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden , about 250 nautical miles from Madagascar . That location makes the incident the southernmost act of piracy since the European Union began its first-ever naval response , Operation ATALANTA , in December 2008 , according to the naval force . The force said the operation exists to combat piracy and protect vulnerable ships in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean , especially merchant vessels carrying humanitarian aid from the World Food Program and the African Union Mission in Somalia . Somali pirates now hold 18 ships and 383 hostages after snatching the Feng Guo No. 168 , the naval force said .	Pirates take over Taiwanese boat with 14 crew on board , says EU 's naval force The hijacking is farther south than any since EU started anti-piracy action in December 2008 Somali pirates are now holding a total of 18 ships and 383 hostages , EU says
New York  CNN  -- Two teeth that appear to be human were discovered by investigators Friday in a thicketed and remote oceanfront stretch of Long Island , according to police . The teeth were found near where a human skull was uncovered in Nassau County last week , and are the latest discovery in an ongoing search that has found 10 sets of human remains since December . From those remains , authorities have identified at least eight bodies . Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano said Friday 's find takes authorities a step closer to bringing "  this killer to justice , " though he added that a medical examiner will have to determine if the teeth are indeed human . Earlier Friday , police spokesman Kevin Smith cautioned against media speculation regarding a possible killer , saying that the two sets of human remains found in Nassau County have yet to be classified as a criminal homicide matter . "  Anybody who is making a profile  of a possible killer  , its pure speculation , " Smith said in reference to the human remains found in that county . His words were in sharp contrast with those of authorities in neighboring Suffolk County , where eight other sets of human remains have been found . That county 's police commissioner , Richard Dormer , said the remains found in Suffolk could be the work of a serial killer or killers . Dormer first mentioned the possibility of a serial killer in January , when the total number of bodies found was four . Those bodies were all women prostitutes uncovered within a quarter-mile of each other , according to Dormer . "  Common sense tells us it 's not a coincidence , " Suffolk County Detective Lt. Gerard Pelkofsky said at the time . Since then , authorities have discovered six additional sets of human remains in the two counties . They appeared to be in various stages of decomposition , police said . Officials have yet to identify the latest sets and have provided few other details regarding the discoveries . Friday 's find of the teeth came as police fanned out across brush and bramble-filled areas that border a Long Island highway in a remote area near the Town of Oyster Bay . Earlier this week , police divers scoured the sea floor with metal detectors and long poles during an underwater search for evidence in the possible serial killer case . "  It could be a piece of jewelry , it could be a piece of apparel , anything of interest , " said Harold Jantzen , the Suffolk County marine deputy inspector . That search was in the same area where the first four bodies were uncovered in December . The area , near private docks in upscale Oak Beach , is also where 23-year-old Shannan Gilbert was last seen in May of last year . The missing New Jersey woman 's disappearance prompted the initial search . She was reported missing after attending a private party at a home in the Oak Beach community . No sign of her has been found . Police said Gilbert , like the other four women found in Suffolk County , had advertised prostitution services on Internet sites such as Craigslist .	NEW : Two teeth that appear to be human are discovered by investigators NEW : The teeth are found near where a human skull was uncovered in Nassau County NEW : Nassau County official says this is a step toward bringing "  this killer to justice "
Moscow  CNN  -- There was n't a shadow of a doubt that former presidential aide and interim mayor of Moscow Sergey Sobyanin would win the mayoral race against blogger and anti-corruption activist Alexey Navalny , not as President Vladimir Putin 's hand-picked man . The only question was by how much . Anything less than 50 % would have meant a run-off election . Opinion : Putin , a hypocrite on Snowden , Navalny There will not be a run-off . Sobyanin squeaked by with 51.37 % of the vote . Navalny won 27.24 % . Calling the preliminary results "  sheer falsifications " Navalny demanded the annulment of "  off-site " elections , in which voters are allowed to vote at home , without having to come to polling stations . "  We also demand a second round of voting for the election , " he said . Navalny can ask for a re-count but there is little chance he will get a run-off . Putin can rest assured that his man will retain the powerful post of Moscow mayor . Read more : What 's behind conviction of Navalny ? But the opposition are taking heart from Navalyny 's strong showing . As Ksenya Sobchak , once Russia 's "  Paris Hilton " and now a vocal member of the opposition tweeted : "  Now , Alexey is a politician of federal standing , and prison is unthinkable . " Up to now , Navalyny was known mainly in Moscow and St. Petersburg as a crusader against government corruption , calling out politicians for illegal behavior . He was a leader of the 2012 street demonstrations in Moscow , motivating educated , middle-class young people in Russia 's big cities with blogs and Tweets . The Kremlin 's game with Alexei Navalny Kremlinologist Olga Kryshtanovskaya , in post-election Tweet , said "  Navalny 's high results in the election is directly connected to his activity in the social media . " In a striking political anomaly , the 37-year-old Navalny ran for mayor as a convicted man , currently on bail after being sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement . He claims the charges were politically inspired to sideline him from politics and is appealing the sentence . Before the mayoral vote some observers predicted that , if Navalny 's supporters felt the election had been stolen , they would turn out again for street protests . A demonstration was planned in advance for Monday evening . But some Kremlin opponents do n't sound that angry ; they 're taking heart from the vote totals . In another Tweet Ksenya Sobchak said "  It was understood right from the beginning that they would do absolutely everything to avoid a second round , is n't that true ? But the fact that Navalyny got more than 27 % -- that 's cool ! "	Sergey Sobyanin wins election with more than 51 % of vote Blogger and anti-corruption activist Alexey Navalny scores 27 % Navalny has been convicted for embezzlement , but ran while out on bail Despite Navalny 's loss , some call it a breakthrough
CNN  -- Barcelona clinched a 22nd Spanish league title on Saturday when second-placed Real Madrid could only draw 1-1 at Espanyol . Real 's failure to win gave Barca back the crown after a one-year change in ownership , with Tito Vilanova 's team holding a seven-point advantage ahead of Sunday 's trip to Atletico Madrid . Real coach Jose Mourinho made several changes following the midweek 6-2 win over Malaga , with next Friday 's Copa del Rey final against Atletico in mind . However , Barcelona-based Espanyol took the lead in the 23rd minute through Christian Stuani , and Hector Moreno was unlucky to have a header ruled out following a seemingly innocuous goalmouth tussle with Xabi Alonso . Midfielder Alonso had come on in the 19th minute after young French defender Raphael Varane went off injured , while Mourinho brought on striker Karim Benzema at halftime . The later introduction of top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo led to Real 's 58th-minute equalizer as the Portugal forward won a free-kick which Luka Modric delivered perfectly for striker Gonzalo Higuain to head home . Tempers flared as Real pressed for a winner to delay their rivals ' title confirmation , and Espanyol 's Victor Sanchez was sent off for a crude late tackle on Higuain while 10 other bookings were handed out in the match . Ronaldo had the chance to conjure up one of his trademark free-kicks after Sanchez departed , but blazed the ball into the stands . It continued Real 's poor away form , having drawn four and lost five games of 18 on the road , compared to 16 wins and two draws at home . Earlier , Osasuna moved four points clear of the relegation zone with a 1-0 win at home to eighth-placed Getafe , while Athletic Bilbao all but secured another year in the top flight with a 2-1 win over bottom club Mallorca . Valladolid secured safety with three games to play as a 1-0 win over Deportivo la Coruna left the visitors third from bottom . Italy Juventus ' bid to beat the club 's best Serie A points tally was foiled after the Italian champions drew 1-1 with Cagliari in Saturday 's penultimate match of the season for the Turin side . Antonio Conte 's team had hoped to beat the 91 posted by the Juve team in 2005-06 before being stripped of the title because of a match-fixing scandal , but can now only get to 90 . The record is Inter Milan 's 97 in in 2006-07 . Victor Ibarbo put visiting Cagliari ahead in the 12th minute but striker Mirko Vucinic leveled just after the hour mark , and Juve could not extend the club 's winning run to 10 matches . Catania consolidated ninth place with a 1-0 win over relegated Pescara . Germany Champions Bayern Munich romped to a 28th victory from 33 games , winning 3-0 against Augsburg in a Bavarian derby which kicked off title celebrations as the team finally received the trophy which had been secured a month ago . The defeat left Augsburg in the relegation playoff place , on goal difference behind Fortuna Dusseldorf ahead of the final round . Borussia Dortmund , who will play Bayern in the Champions League final , clinched second place with a 3-3 draw at Wolsfburg , needing two late goals from Marco Reus to salvage a point . Bayer Leverkusen consolidated third place with a 3-1 win over Hanover -- the last goal from Steffen Kiessling put the German striker one ahead of Dortmund 's Robert Lewandowski at the top of the Bundesliga scoring charts on 24 . Schalke failed to clinch the fourth and final Champions League place after losing 2-1 at home to Stuttgart , whose Bosnia striker Vedad Ibisevic netted both goals to take his tally to 15 this season -- putting him third equal with Bayern 's Mario Mandzukic and Eintracht Frankfurt 's Alexander Meier . Fifth-placed Freiburg can go above Schalke by beating the German Cup finalists in the last round , but Frankfurt 's hopes were effectively ended by a 1-1 draw with Werder Bremen . France Second-placed Marseille made Paris Saint-Germain wait for a first title since 1994 by beating Toulouse 2-1 on Saturday , as Ghana striker Andre Ayew scored both goals on his return from suspension . The result left PSG with a four-point lead ahead of Sunday 's trip to Lyon , after which there will be two rounds left . Monaco clinched a return to Ligue 1 with a 1-0 win at Nimes , ensuring there will be conflict with the French football authorities next season . The principality club is taking legal action after the ruling body announced that it wants to change the tax laws that allow Monaco to pay less than other clubs across the border . Other French teams fear that Monaco 's billionaire Russian owner Dimitri Rybolovlev will embark on a spending spree similar to PSG 's Qatari benefactors that will create a duopoly in the division .	Real Madrid 's 1-1 draw at Espanyol gives Barcelona title with four games to play Barca hold seven-point lead ahead of Sunday 's trip to third-placed Atletico Madrid Italian champions Juventus held to 1-1 draw with Cagliari in penultimate game Bundesliga winners Bayern Munich continue to dominate with victory in Bavarian derby
Beijing  CNN  A day after the Chinese government released five young feminists on bail , their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development . Wei Tingting , Wang Man , Zheng Churan , Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday . The five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before March 8 , the International Women 's Day . They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . "  I 'm still speechless and do n't know how to react , " tweeted Li 's girlfriend Suan Xiaola to the couple 's friends upon hearing the news . "  No tears , no ecstasy ... just wondering what we 're going to do next . " "  I ca n't hide my happiness for the women but being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal , " echoed Li 's lawyer Yan Xin on Chinese social media . "  Without closing their cases , they still ca n't live without shackles -- we 'll have our work cut out for us . " Police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of "  assembling a crowd to disturb public order , " which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison . The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future , Wu 's lawyer Liang Xiaojun told CNN . They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted , and police can summon them for questioning at any time , Liang added . "  This should n't be a moment of celebration , " he said . "  The arbitrary detention and release of these women really shows the backwardness of China 's legal system . " Under China 's household registration system , only Li is considered a Beijing resident . Police sent the other four back to their hometowns , disrupting their work and lives , according to the women 's lawyers . Many have called the five members of Women 's Rights Action Group trailblazers . Staging their protests through performance art or flash mobs , they highlighted feminist causes ranging from fighting domestic violence , gender equality at work , to more female public bathrooms -- drawing nationwide attention and even state media praise . Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation , including from the United States . "  Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , " said John Kerry , the U.S. Secretary of State , in a statement Friday . "  We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues , and we believe that Chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . " Kerry 's predecessor Hillary Clinton -- a longtime champion of women 's rights who just announced her bid for the U.S. presidency -- called the jailing of the feminists "  inexcusable " on Twitter , joining the "  free the five " hashtag campaign . China had rejected all international criticisms , insisting it 's a country ruled by law and that its judicial sovereignty be respected . Supporters of the woman activists , however , sense the chilling effect of their ordeal on China 's nascent civil society , as the ruling Communist Party under President Xi Jinping continues to tighten its grip over the country . "  Of course people will feel more afraid , " said Wei 's lawyer Wang Qiushi . "  Women 's rights is among the most politically correct issues in China -- now even those who took up that cause ended up in jail . "	Wei Tingting , Wang Man , Zheng Churan , Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong freed They 're still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation , may face charges in the future They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted
CNN  -- A man who crashed his plane in the Florida Panhandle in an apparent attempt to fake his death was sentenced Wednesday to more than four years in federal prison , officials said . Marcus Schrenker was accused of defrauding investors through companies he owned in Indiana . Marcus Schrenker , 38 , of McCordsville , Indiana , pleaded guilty in June to charges of destruction of an aircraft and causing the Coast Guard to respond when no help is needed . He was sentenced to 51 months in prison Wednesday , said a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in the northern district of Florida . Schrenker also must pay the Coast Guard more than $ 34,000 in restitution and must pay Harley-Davidson Credit Corp. , the plane 's lien-holder , more than $ 871,000 , the U.S. attorney 's office said . However , the payment to Harley-Davidson will be offset by any amount the company receives from insurance , prosecutors said in a statement . Authorities believe that Schrenker hatched the plot for the January crash after investigators with the Indiana secretary of state 's office searched his home and business on December 31 . He has been charged in Indiana with one felony count each of an unlawful act by a compensated adviser and unlawful transaction by an investment adviser . Authorities have said they think he defrauded investors through three companies he owns in a suburb of Indianapolis , Indiana . On January 11 , Schrenker took off alone from Anderson , Indiana , in a Piper PA46 plane , saying he was headed for Destin , Florida . While over Alabama , he contacted air traffic controllers , saying that the windshield had imploded and that he was injured and bleeding profusely . "  The defendant stated to air traffic controllers that he was not going to make it , " according to documents filed in court providing a factual basis for Schrenker 's guilty plea . Schrenker agreed to the facts , the documents said , and they were read aloud during his change of plea hearing in June . After Schrenker made that statement , his aircraft leveled off , and he remained at 3,500 feet while he made course corrections taking him closer to Harpersville , Alabama , where he had stored a motorcycle in a storage facility , the documents said . Over the nearby town of Childersburg , Alabama , Schrenker jumped from the aircraft . The Coast Guard Investigative Service later recovered cut lines from tree branches and a parachute with a serial number that was traced to Schrenker , court documents said . The Coast Guard dispatched rescue helicopters from New Orleans , Louisiana , and Mobile , Alabama , in case the plane crashed on land and sent two cutters in case it crashed into the Gulf of Mexico , prosecutors have said . Meanwhile , two F-15 fighter jets were scrambled and located the plane in the air near Birmingham , Alabama . The pilots reported that the plane 's window was intact , its door was open , no pilot was on board , and the plane appeared to be on autopilot , according to affidavits filed in the case . The jets followed the plane until it crashed near the Blackwater River in East Milton , Florida , according to court documents . Authorities said it missed a group of homes by 50 to 75 yards . Although the plane was severely damaged , investigators found that its windshield and windscreens were not damaged and that there was no blood inside the plane , the documents said . See plane 's flight path " In a search of the plane , authorities found handwritten notes on the inside back cover of a campground book , saying among other things , "  windshield is spider cracking , " "  doors open , " "  bleeding very bad " and "  graying out , " the documents said . Meanwhile , Schrenker fled Harpersville on his motorcycle and traveled to a campground in Florida , where he was arrested by the U.S. Marshals Service on the outstanding charges from Indiana , according to court documents . When found , authorities said at the time , Schrenker was bleeding from cuts on his wrists after an apparent suicide attempt . He was briefly hospitalized before being taken into custody . Examining Schrenker 's computer , authorities found Internet searches on how to jump from airplanes and how to open a parachute , among other subjects , the court documents said . When questioned by federal officials , Schrenker claimed that his windshield struck him in the face and his door malfunctioned , the court documents said . Authorities then "  presented various pieces of evidence showing his claims to be untrue , " and Schrenker admitted that he called in a false distress message and had intended the plane to crash into the Gulf of Mexico , the documents said . Indiana officials agreed to allow the federal case against Schrenker to proceed before seeking to extradite him , prosecutors have said .	Indiana 's Marcus Schrenker pleads guilty to federal charges Authorities : Schrenker intentionally crashed plane in January Schrenker parachuted in Alabama before plane crashed in Florida Schrenker also faces Indiana charges , accused of defrauding investors
CNN  -- The wife of missing adventurer Steve Fossett has asked a court to declare him dead . Steve Fossett and wife Peggy in a February 2006 photograph . Fossett was last seen in early September , flying a single-engine plane on a pleasure flight from a Nevada ranch . A month-long search for the plane was unsuccessful . "  As difficult as it is for me to reach this conclusion , I no longer hold out any hope that Steve has survived , " wrote Peggy V. Fossett in court documents filed Monday with the Cook County -LSB- Illinois -RSB- Circuit Court . She asked that the will of her husband of 38 years be admitted to probate . At about 8:45 a.m. on September 3 , the millionaire took off on what he said was to be a solo pleasure flight over the Sierra Nevada mountain range . He had planned to fly over the Nevada desert for two to three hours , and was expecting to return for lunch to the Nevada ranch , from which he departed . He was carrying a single bottle of water and had no parachute , lawyers for Mrs. Fossett said in the court documents . At 3 p.m. , when he had not returned , a search began that ultimately included thousands of volunteers . It continued until October 2 . "  No one involved in the search holds out any hope that Fossett is still alive , " the petition said . Rick Rains , a sheriff 's supervisor of the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department , said Fossett 's plane was last spotted at 11 a.m. less than 20 miles from the ranch 's airport . "  Given the timeline and the sighting of Fossett 's plane , I believe he was within 20 to 25 miles of the ranch when he crashed , " Rains said . But , he noted , "  the terrain is very difficult to search , with many areas where the crevices , deep ravines and closely grown trees make it impossible to see from the air what is on the ground . " "  If Fossett was physically able to find water to survive on in the Nevada desert , he would have been physically capable of signaling searchers , by doing something as simple as crafting a large X of sticks or rocks , or by starting a signal fire , " Rains said . In affidavits supporting his wife 's petition , Fossett 's doctor described the 63-year-old man as physically and mentally fit . Robert Keilholtz , a captain in the California Civil Air Patrol who was involved in the search , noted that the difficulty in finding wreckage was underscored by the fact that World War II-era plane wreckage was discovered last spring in the mountain range . In the search for Fossett , wreckage from eight other crashes was discovered , one of them from the 1960s , the lawyers said . Fossett made his money in the financial services industry , but is renowned for his daredevil exploits , which include nonstop , round-the-world trips aboard a balloon , a fixed-wing plane and a boat . At the time of his disappearance , Fossett was working on a project to build a single-man submarine and to build a vehicle capable of breaking land speed records by traveling at up to 800 mph , lawyers for his wife said . E-mail to a friend	Steve Fossett missing since September solo flight over Nevada mountains Single-engine plane last seen 20 to 25 miles from departure point , sheriff says Plane not found after month of searching Experienced aviator would have signaled rescuers if alive , sheriff says
Madrid  CNN  -- A former chief of the Basque terrorist group ETA has been sentenced to 105 years in prison for ordering the assassination of a politician , according to a copy of the court ruling , made public Monday . It is the first sentence in a case involving ETA from the National Court , which handles terrorism cases , since ETA announced last month "  a definitive cessation of its armed activity , " raising hopes that decades of separatist violence may finally be over . The maximum that can be served in Spanish prison is 40 years , although courts often hand down a longer sentence for terrorist attacks . Spain has no death penalty . In the sentence issued last Friday but made public on Monday , the court ruled that Francisco Javier Garcia Gaztelu , whom Spanish authorities called the military chief of ETA when he was captured in 2001 , ordered the assassination of a Basque Socialist politician , Fernando Buesa . Buesa and his bodyguard were killed in the Basque city of Vitoria in northern Spain in February 2000 when they walked past a vehicle that contained a hidden bomb that was exploded by remote control . Garcia Gaztelu , now 45 , was sentenced to 30 years each for the killings of Buesa and his bodyguard , 13 years each for two people injured in the attack , and additional time mainly for damage caused by the bomb , the court said . The government , courts and police have said they will not halt the court cases pending against ETA operatives despite the outlawed group 's announcement last month . Listed as a terrorist organization by Spain , the United States and the European Union , ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its decades-long fight for an independent Basque state that it wants carved out of sections of northern Spain and southwestern France . ETA 's announcement last month followed a recent push for the group to abandon violence permanently . That effort was led by international figures who include Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams of Northern Ireland and former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero termed ETA 's announcement as being of "  transcendental importance " and a "  victory for democracy . " "  Ours will be a democracy without terrorism , but not without memory , " Zapatero said , referring to 829 people killed by ETA and their families . The prime minister said that it would be up to Spain 's next government -- which will be formed after parliamentary elections on November 20 -- to lead the peace process .	Francisco Javier Garcia Gaztelu has been in custody since 2001 He is found guilty of ordering the assassination of a Basque Socialist politician He is sentenced to 105 years , but can serve only 40 under Spanish law
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor 's right leg was amputated Friday because of a large , deep lesion that proved resistant to antibiotics , her surgeon said . "  She seemed to tolerate it well , although she 's in a somewhat frail condition , " Dr. David Rigberg said . Doctors have been treating Gabor , 93 , at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center for two weeks without success , leading to Friday 's amputation of her right leg above the knee , Rigberg said . "  We 're guarded in our opinion on how she 's going to do overall , " Rigberg said . "  She did n't come in from home in very good health , so it 's difficult for me to predict how long she 's going to be here . " Husband Prince Frederic Von Anhalt said he did not tell Gabor she was being taken to surgery for an amputation . "  Eventually , she will feel it , and then she will ask me and at that moment I do n't even want to think about it , " he said . Gabor 's only child , daughter Francesca Hilton , complained that doctors had been ordered by Von Anhalt not to talk to her or let her see her mother . Hilton has maintained a strained relationship with Von Anhalt , Gabor 's ninth and current husband of 23 years . In November , Gabor was hospitalized for a swollen leg , her husband said at the time . Paramedics initially suspected Gabor suffered from a blood clot in her left leg , but an emergency room doctor at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center later determined she had an infection , according to Von Anhalt . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , Von Anhalt has said . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . She had hip replacement surgery last year after she suffered a fall in her home . The Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders .	Gabor 's right leg was amputated above the knee The 93-year-old actress "  seemed to tolerate it well " Doctors are "  guarded " about Gabor 's recovery Gabor 's daughter said doctors are not talking to her
CNN  -- It was late morning on Saturday and the day so far had been relatively calm . Fears of widespread bloody clashes during Thailand 's election process had failed to turn into reality . We had decided to go to a suburb of Bangkok , an area called Lak Si , where I had heard a group of pro-election campaigners were marching to the Lak Si administration office where voting ballots for that constituency were kept . That office had been blocked by anti-election protestors . A few hours later , the pro-election protesters arrived but kept a distance of several hundred meters from their counterparts . All of a sudden , I heard the sound of firecrackers being thrown back and forth though I could n't work out exactly where the noise was coming from . Then -- the sound of a gunshot . I saw pro-election protesters flinch and throw themselves to the ground . Things went quiet for a bit . Then some pro-election protesters started gathering together , and I ran over to see what was going on . It was a man sitting on the floor . He was shot in the chest , but could still talk . What had been a relatively peaceful protest that day turned violent with no warning and this man the first casualty . More was to come . The pro-election protesters started to yell at an anti-government protest group who had just arrived with a big loudspeaker truck on the other side of Lak Si intersection in Bangkok . One pro-election protester told me the shot was fired from that side . I thought I should withdraw , and decided to catch up with my colleagues , who had just crossed the road . As I crossed the road , a speaker on the truck said "  Please keep hidden on the left side of our truck , and walk slowly . " I moved behind a square-shaped cement barrier , and thought maybe I could put my camera on top of the barrier and take a steady shot as the truck passed by . That 's when a group of three masked men ran from behind the truck . I thought , "  That 's strange , their leader said to walk along the truck . " That 's when I realized the men were running toward me , toward my camera . They saw me for sure . The group of men reached my position and there was only a low cement barrier between us . Suddenly they started firing handguns in the direction of the pro-election protesters . One man carried a large green bag , which looked to conceal a rifle . I was sitting upright , but I dropped my back to the ground immediately . All I could think was that I had to keep my camera recording . Would my lens capture the gunmen ? Once I felt like I had gotten the footage , my next thought was : "  I should get out of here ? After all , the gunfire was still going . " I peeked my head from behind the cement barricade and I asked a nearby man , "  Can I leave , please ? Or should I stay ? " Only after I had spoken , did I notice the pistol in his hand . His face looked stern . "  You journalist , do n't film this . If I have to destroy your camera , then do n't blame me . " So I had to put my camera down . Apart from myself , there were at least a half-dozen other cameramen who were stuck and trapped along these gunmen , for 40 minutes or more . Eventually I tried again . I asked the same man , "  Is it a good time for us to leave ? " He said okay . "  Keep yourself lower than the barriers and crawl . " So we left -- I went first . We crawled along the road , keeping next to the cement barriers along the way . I crawled past six pistol-wielding gunmen who were mingling with anti-government protesters . Some gunmen wore masks , some did n't . They were firing toward the pro-election protesters the whole time . I could feel bullets zipping not far past my ears . While crawling , I also saw another two gunmen with rifles , unmasked . They , too , were shooting in the direction of the pro-election protesters . In the end , it probably took about 15 minutes to reunite with my colleagues at the other side of the road . But it felt like forever . And though only a small moment in what has been months of protests , it served as a reminder and a warning that the situation is far from resolved in Thailand -- that passions remain high and that bloodshed is sadly only a moment of madness away .	CNN reporter Kocha Olarn saw pro-election protester shot in the chest Gunmen with anti-government protesters fired towards pro-election ralliers Olarn escaped by crawling away
CNN  -- Thousands of people are planning viewing parties for the upcoming annular solar eclipse , a rare event in which the sun will appear as a thin ring behind the moon . The eclipse will begin over Asia on Monday morning , when it will be visible in southern Japan and southern China . In the United States , the eclipse will be visible on a path from northwestern Texas through New Mexico , northeastern Arizona , southern Utah , Nevada , northern California and southwestern Oregon late Sunday . "  I recommend anyone who has the chance to see this , because while they do happen occasionally , it 's a fairly rare event , " said Jeffrey Newmark , a solar physics specialist with NASA . "  It 's a neat thing to see . " During an annular eclipse , the moon does not block the entirety of the sun , but leaves a bright ring of visible light at the edges , according to NASA . "  For the May eclipse , the moon will be at the furthest distance from Earth that it ever achieves -- meaning that it will block the smallest possible portion of the sun , and leave the largest possible bright ring around the outside , " the agency said on its website . The last annular eclipse appeared in the United States in 1994 . The next solar eclipse will be on November 13 , and is expected to be visible over northern Australia , according to NASA . In western United States , more than 1,000 people may flood the small town of Kanarraville , Utah -- population 300 -- to get one of the best views of Sunday 's event , said Bonnie Char , spokeswoman for the Cedar City-Brian Head Tourism Bureau . The town is calling the eclipse "  the ring of fire . " The Brian Head Resort in Utah is opening its ski lift so people can watch the eclipse from atop a mountain peak of more than 11,000 feet . For $ 8 , visitors will get a ride up the mountain and solar glasses , Char said . And instead of football fans , the University of Colorado Boulder 's Folsom Field will be occupied by astronomy enthusiasts on Sunday . "  In order to provide the best viewing angles , attendance for the event is limited to 13,000 inside the stadium , " the university said on its website . The whole eclipse will last for a couple of hours as the moon passes in front of the sun , creating a partial eclipse . The actual annular portion , in which the sun appears as a thin ring , will be about four minutes long , Newmark said . More than 80 % of the sun will be blocked out during the apex , he said . Outside of the eclipse 's narrow path of less than 200 feet  61 meters  , people will be able to see only a partial eclipse . "  This will cause less change in the daylight than you might think , " said Alan MacRobert , a senior editor at Sky & Telescope magazine . "  Moderately thin clouds would dim the sunlight more . And if you 're where the eclipse is only partial , the dimming will be less . " Newmark said people should not peer up at the sky to view the solar event without special viewing equipment . Looking at the sun with the naked eye can cause blindness . Eclipse glasses , dark welder 's goggles or an astronomer 's filter made for sun viewing are recommended if people want to look skyward . Another way to view the eclipse is by using binoculars and telescopes to project an image of it on the ground , Newmark said . Point the binoculars or telescopes at the sun -- without looking through the lenses -- and aim the other end onto a piece of paper or cardboard . In northern Utah , "  ecliptomaniacs " are planning to travel south to view the event , said Patrick Wiggins , a NASA ambassador in Salt Lake City . He said astronomy club members "  realize they could either drive four hours to see the eclipse or wait 11 years for the next one . " Wiggins said he always looks forward to seeing people 's reactions to an eclipse . "  You get everything from stoic , staring into the sky ... to people breaking down and crying , they 're just so moved , " he said . Planning to view the eclipse ? Share your photos with CNN iReport and they could be featured on CNN . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	The sun will appear as a thin ring behind the moon The annular eclipse will be visible in parts of Asia and western United States More than 80 % of the sun will be blocked during the eclipse Looking directly at the sun can cause blindness ; special glasses or goggles are recommended
CNN  -- Nearly five years into its war against drug cartels , Mexico on Wednesday was rebuked by a human rights organization that found a pattern of abuses by security forces . Human Rights Watch released a report based on interviews with victims , government officials and documents , concluding that the military and federal police offensive has resulted in a growing number of human rights violations that are not investigated adequately . Mexican President Felipe Calderon deployed the first of more than 45,000 troops in 2006 to combat drug cartel violence , but , according to Human Rights Watch , instead of solving the problem , it has "  exacerbated a climate of violence , lawlessness , and fear in many parts of the country . " The human rights organization conducted its research in five states in distinct parts of Mexico affected by the drug violence -- Baja California , Chihuahua , Guerrero , Nuevo Leon and Tabasco . So the study included hot spots like Ciudad Juarez , which is in Chihuahua , while excluding other fronts in the drug wars , like Sinaloa or the border state of Tamaulipas . In short , the organization found in those five states more than 170 cases where there was evidence of torture , 39 "  disappearances " with evidence suggesting the involvement of security forces , and evidence of 24 cases of extrajudicial killings . The pattern that emerges , according to Human Rights Watch , is that these are not isolated acts , but rather "  examples of abusive practices endemic to the current public security strategy . " Likely aware of the upcoming report , Mexico 's Defense Ministry last week gave a robust defense of its record and self-policing ability with the announcement of the convictions of 14 servicemen , including two officers for homicide . A military tribunal found the soldiers guilty in the 2007 shooting deaths of five people at a military checkpoint in Sinaloa . The Defense Ministry , known as SEDENA , said its army is "  always ensuring adherence to the law , observing human rights , and in those cases where there is a presumed violation of individual rights , the start of investigations to find the responsible party . " Since the beginning of the campaign , SEDENA has kept a constant open channel of communication with Mexico 's National Commission on Human Rights , the ministry said . During that time , 89 complaints against the military resulted in recommendations to SEDENA by the human rights body , the ministry said . "  That is , only 1.53 % of all the complaints " filed have resulted in action by the human rights commission , the ministry said . But Human Rights Watch found something more pervasive . In the more than 170 torture cases it found , the tactic was mostly used to extract information about organized crime and to elicit confessions , the organization said . Common types of torture recorded included beating , asphyxiation with plastic bags , waterboarding , electric shocks , sexual torture and death threats , " the organization said . In the case of the 39 disappearances , Human Rights Watch depended on the testimony of witnesses who saw people being taken by security forces , but who state officials deny arresting or ever having in custody . In one of several testimonies gathered by Human Rights Watch , a widow tells of how she ; her husband , Arnulfo Antunez , 37 ; and two children were driving in Ciudad Juarez last year when they were pulled over by federal police . According to the wife , the police yanked Antunez out of the car "  in a bad way " and then went to the couple 's home , which they ransacked . According to the organization , the police tore the place up and left with documents . The wife filed complaints with several state and federal police bodies , providing the plate numbers of the police cars that took her husband . Two weeks later , Antunez 's body was found in an abandoned house , with syringes around his body . Human Rights Watch said that while it looked like an overdose , examinations showed that Antunez had died from blows to the head ; prosecutors dragged their feet on the investigation ; and to date , there is no progress in the investigation . This was an example of the 24 suspected cases of extrajudicial killings carried out by security forces , according to the organization . In all , the group conducted more than 200 interviews with government officials , security forces , victims , witnesses , human rights defenders and others . The report also criticized Calderon for generalizing that the majority of victims were involved in organized crime themselves . Calderon has said that up to 90 % of victims had ties to the drug underworld , but Human Rights Watch found that figure to be unreliable . Among the report 's recommendations , it suggests ensuring civil trials for all alleged military misconduct and enforcing due process to guarantee detainee rights . Eric Rojo , a security analyst , said the report 's findings are not surprising . "  You can not have 45,000 soldiers around the country , fighting this battle , and claim that there are no violations of any kind . That would be impossible , " he said . However , he said , the organization falls short of proving its allegations . "  The thing I find interesting is that  in  all of these years , Human Rights Watch has yet to raise a human rights violation against the Zetas , the Gulf Cartel , the Sinaloa Cartel , the Juarez Cartel and all of these people who have violated the human rights of many thousands of Mexicans , a large number of which are dead by their own hands , " he said . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	A new report says Mexican security forces are behind some abuses Human Rights Watch found evidence of torture , kidnappings and killings The military says only a tiny fraction of complaints result in action
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- A rambling , 1,500-page manifesto purportedly written by the suspect in Friday 's deadly terror attacks in Norway lays out right-wing extremist views and vows that a "  European civil war " will lead to the execution of "  cultural Marxists " and the banishing of Muslims . "  If you are concerned about the future of Western Europe you will definitely find the information both interesting and highly relevant , " the author writes , adding later that his "  European Declaration of Independence " took him nine years to complete . While the title page of the document says "  By Andrew Berwick , " the writer later identifies himself as Anders Behring Breivik , the suspect in the Norwegian terrorist attacks . The document -- part political diatribe , part confessional and part action plan -- also contains a link to an online video post with the same title . CNN could not independently verify that Breivik wrote the document or posted the 12-minute video , and Norwegian authorities would not confirm that the man in their custody wrote the manifesto , saying it was part of their investigation . Police told the Norwegian newspaper VG that the document is "  linked " to Friday 's attacks . Text in the video rails against the "  Islamization " of Europe and "  cultural Marxists " and asserts that the majority of Europe 's population will be Muslim by 2050 "  unless we manage to defeat the ruling Multiculturalist Alliance . " "  Celebrate us , the martyrs of the conservative revolution , for we will soon dine in the Kingdom of Heaven , " the video says . Parts of the document use the same wording as the 35,000-word anti-technology manifesto written by "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski and published in the Washington Post in 1995 . In one passage , the document published online last week uses the same wording as the Unabomber 's manifesto , but substitutes the phrase "  cultural Marxist " where Kaczynski used the word "  leftist , " and uses the word "  Muslims " where Kaczynski used the phrase "  black people . " The document contains some of the same anti-Muslim rhetoric that has become a part of mainstream debate in Norway , according to Anders Ravik Jupskaas , a Ph.D. researcher at the University of Oslo who studies right-wing political movements in Scandinavia . "  What you see here is this new European phenomenon of this anti-Islamic rhetoric , where it 's not only the immigrants  who are enemies  . In fact , the main enemy is the political elite , " he said . "  They argue that this political elite has betrayed their own country . They have imposed multiculturalism . " But the writer takes such philosophies to another level , he said . "  It 's part of the same stream of ideas , but it 's still very different in terms of extremeness , " Jupskaas said . Norwegian authorities have said they are still trying to determine the motive behind the terror attacks . In the manifesto , the author vilifies Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg and his Labour Party , which has majority control in Norway 's government , accusing the party of perpetuating "  cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ideals " and indoctrinating youth with those ideals . The author accuses the Labour Party of embracing those ideals and therefore allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " The manifesto speculates about would happen if the author were to survive "  a successful mission and live to stand a multiculturalist trial . " "  Not only will all my friends and family detest me and call me a monster ; the united global multiculturalist media will have their hands full figuring out multiple ways to character assassinate , vilify and demonize , " it says . The manifesto and videoinclude photos that appear to match those of the suspect , some of which had been posted on his Facebook page and several never-before-seen images of the same man . The author leaves clues about his family and background , and also indicates that English is his "  secondary language . " The document and video are titled "  2083 : A European Declaration of Independence , " a date that the author later explains is the year he believes an European civil war will end with the execution of cultural Marxists and the deportation of Muslims . This "  civil war " would come in three phases , he predicts . The first runs through 2030 and includes "  open source warfare , military shock attacks by clandestine cell systems  and  further consolidation of conservative forces . " Between 2030 and 2070 , he calls for "  more advanced forms of resistance groups  and the  preparation of pan-European coup d'etats . " The final stage features the deposition of Europe 's leaders and "  implementation of a cultural conservative political agenda . " The author does not specifically explain why he chose the date 2083 , though it is the 200th anniversary of the death of Karl Marx . The manifesto and video also containphotos of Breivik in what appear to be uniforms , including one in which he is wearing a U.S. Marine dress jacket decorated with an Iron Cross , Knights Templar and Free Mason medals . Another picture shows Breivik dressed in a wet suit with a patch that reads "  Marxist Hunter " and holding a high-powered rifle . The author states that he was moved to action dating to "  my government 's involvement " in NATO 's 1999 strikes during the Kosovo campaign , claiming this wrongly targeted "  our Serbian brothers  who  wanted to drive Islam out by deporting the Albanian Muslims back to Albania . " He also criticizes "  my government 's cowardly handling of the Muhammad cartoon issue " -- a reference to the Norwegian government 's apology for the nation 's private newspapers having repeatedly published the controversial cartoon . Another reference blasts Norway , home of the Nobel awards , for awarding a peace prize to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat . The author details his bomb-making experiments , including a theory that one should purchase a farm so that purchase of large amounts of fertilizer -- which can be used to make bombs -- is less likely to be noticed . "  Be extra careful when researching for bomb schematics  fertilizer bombs  , as many terms will trigger electronic alerts , " he writes , one of several tips that include using an "  anonymous laptop and browse free to your local McDonalds " in order to "  avoid ending up on any watch list . " Besides hands-on instructions , the document also functions as a running diary . It also includes references to his relatives ' sexual indiscretions , entries on some of his friends ' personal lives , and his own off-and-on steroid use . From July 2 on , though , the author becomes more business-like and complains that going off his testosterone supplements had ramped up his "  aggressiveness . " He then digs up his guns and prepares the bombs . It all leads up to July 22 , the date of the Norway terror attacks . "  The old saying ` if you want something done , then do it yourself ' is as relevant now as it was then , " he writes . "  In many cases ; you could do it all yourself , it will just take a little more time . AND , without taking unacceptable risks . The conclusion is undeniable . "  I believe this will be my last entry . It is now Fri July 22nd , 12.51 . " Less than three hours later , a bomb went off in downtown Oslo . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Chelsea J. Carter , Catherine Shoichet and journalist Frode Stang contributed to this report .	NEW : Passages in the document use the same wording as the Unabomber 's manifesto NEW : The document also contains a link to an online video with the same title The author of the manifesto speculates about his possible arrest and trial The writer of the 1,500-page document identifies himself as Anders Breivik
CNN  Gov. Chris Christie canceled three scheduled media appearances with reporters in London on Tuesday , less than 24 hours after the New Jersey Republican made controversial comments about vaccinations and after a new report revealed lavish travel by Christie that was paid for by others . "  We 're just not having a gaggle today , " Christie 's spokeswoman , Maria Comella , told reporters without giving a reason . Christie was scheduled to make remarks to the press after having lunch with British Chancellor George Osborne , but he did not come to the microphones . "  We had a lot of fun , " Christie said as reporters shouted questions at him . He and his wife , Mary Pat , walked to a waiting car holding hands . The potential presidential contender , on the final leg of his three-day trip to the United Kingdom , also dodged questions after an event earlier in the day when he stopped by the Hope House , a drug and rehabilitation center that counts members of the royal family among its supporters . And he declined to talk after stopping by the Globe Theatre to watch Rutgers students rehearse William Shakespeare 's "  Henry V. " When pressed by reporters , according to a Washington Post reporter , Christie responded , "  Is there something you do n't understand about ` No Questions ' ? " A New York Times story Monday night disclosed new details about travel and gifts that Christie has accepted from foreign governments and wealthy donors , including a weekend trip paid for by King Abdullah of Jordan . And casino mogul Sheldon Adelson let Christie fly on his private plane to Israel in 2012 , right around the time when Christie was facing a decision of whether to sign a bill legalizing online gambling in New Jersey . Christie 's office said in the story that Adelson did not personally lobby Christie to veto the bill , and the governor ultimately decided to sign it , anyway . RELATED : Chris Christie sidesteps vaccine science The story also takes a wider look at Christie 's penchant for expensive travel and his history of hobnobbing with celebrities , despite portraying himself as a no frills , average guy from Jersey known for his blunt , candid personality that strays from the typical persona of a politician . Christie 's acceptance of free travel from King Abdullah does n't appear to break any laws . He signed an executive order in 2010 that allows New Jersey governors to travel at the cost of foreign governments . As for three parties that King Abdullah hosted for Christie during the trip , the governor 's office cited a law to the New York Times that lets governors accept gifts from personal friends . Comella declined to dispute anything about the article when CNN asked her on Tuesday , saying she would not comment on it . The same law was referenced when Christie 's expenses were covered by Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to an NFL game last month in Dallas . RELATED : Measles outbreak : How bad is it ? Christie also caused a stir Monday when he suggested that parents should have "  some measure of choice in things " like vaccinating their children , describing it as a "  balance that the government has to decide . " The vaccination debate has seen renewed attention after the measles have seen a resurgence despite being declared eliminated in the U.S. by 2000 . His comments , as well as those by some other potential presidential contenders Monday , stirred up a political firestorm over where Republicans and Democrats stand on the issue . Kevin Roberts , a spokesman for Christie , followed up in an email to reporters that Christie "  believes vaccines are an important public health protection and with a disease like measles there is no question kids should be vaccinated . " Christie is scheduled to stay in London until Wednesday morning but does not have any more public events . RELATED : Paul : Vaccines can cause ` profound mental disorders '	Chris Christie avoided talking to press while in London on Tuesday The New Jersey Republican is facing questions about a new report that details lavish travel paid for by foreign governments He also made headlines Monday for his vaccination response
CNN  -- Austrian investigators Monday released more details about the elaborate underground cellar where Josef Fritzl kept his daughter imprisoned for 24 years , along with three of their children . Josef Fritzl admitted to authorities he raped his daughter and fathered her children . Investigators believe Fritzl planned to build the cellar as early as 1978 , shortly after , according to his daughter , he began raping her at age 11 or 12 , said police spokesman Franz Polzer . The 73-year-old Austrian began building the dungeon as part of an addition to his home that year , and simply added the hidden space -- which was not recorded in any building plans -- Polzer said . It took Fritzl until 1983 to finish the addition , Polzer said . Investigators recently discovered another door to the dungeon prison , which was blocked by a 500-kilogram  1,100-pound  steel and concrete door that Fritzl probably stopped using when he later constructed an electronic door for a second entrance , Polzer said . Fritzl , who police believe was the only one with access to the cellar , had to travel through an elaborate maze to get to the prison . "  You would have to open up a total of eight doors , and ...  for the  last door which would go into this space  where the family was imprisoned  , you would also have to use electronic opening apparatus , " Polzer said . "  We will have to find out perhaps later from now if perhaps there are other spaces we have n't discovered yet , and perhaps maybe there is something else interesting . " Fritzl was recently arrested and confessed to holding his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in the dungeon under the Fritzl home for decades , repeatedly raping her and fathering seven children -- six of whom survived . Three of the children were adopted by Josef Fritzl and his wife after he concocted the ruse that Elisabeth had left the babies on their doorstep . The story of the family 's imprisonment began to unravel more than two weeks ago , when one of the children still in the dungeon , 19-year-old Kerstin Fritzl , fell seriously ill with convulsions . The father agreed to take her to a hospital , the first time she was allowed out of the prison where she had spent her entire life with her mother and two brothers . Dr. Albert Reiter , who is treating Kerstin , said Monday that while her condition is still "  grave , " it "  has improved somewhat . " "  She has become more stable , but despite that we have to continue to keep her under sedation and give her respiratory help , " Reiter said , noting it is not clear how long she will be kept under sedation . Elisabeth and her two sons were reunited with her mother , Rosemarie , who police say knew nothing about the basement prison . They were also reunited with the three children that Josef had taken from Elisabeth . The reunited family is living in secluded quarters at a psychiatric clinic , where they are finding a daily routine and adjusting to sunlight -- something the two boys had never seen -- according to the clinic 's chief doctor . "  The mother and the smallest child have , in just the last couple of days , increased their sensitivity to light , " Dr. Berthold Kepplinger said . "  So we have been able to equip them with protective sunglasses . " Five-year-old Felix is "  getting more and more lively , " Kepplinger said . "  He 's fascinated by everything that he sees around him -- the fresh air , the light , and the food -- all of these things are helping them , " he said . "  Slowly the color of their skin is changing back to a more normal  shade  . " He also said the family members are still getting to know each other and live together as a family . Kepplinger praised Elisabeth for having provided a daily living routine for her children during their captivity . He said the family is getting into a new routine in which the mother and the grandmother make breakfast for the family , and the children make their beds . However , he said there is a noticeable difference between the pace of life of the children held in captivity and that of those who grew up in Fritzl 's home . He said the mother , Elisabeth , takes breaks and naps several times a day . The health of the family members is satisfactory and hospital staff have been able to let more and more light into the rooms where the family is staying , Kepplinger said . Kepplinger said the children , after being confined to a small space their entire lives , are finding it increasingly easy to be in larger spaces . Initially the dungeon where Fritzl held his daughter was only 35 square meters . In 1993 , around the time Elisabeth was pregnant with her fourth child , Fritzl decided to add to the dungeon , building another room that increased the entire living space of the family to about 55 square meters . On Wednesday or Thursday , prosecution authorities will attempt to question Fritzl -- who is no longer talking to police following his initial confession , state prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said . A warden at the St. Poelten jail , where Fritzl is being held , told CNN that Fritzl appears to be doing well , but he is refusing to go on walks outside the building where he is detained . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Hospitalized incest daughter 's condition is grave but stable , police say Fritzl imprisoned and raped daughter , also fathered her children , police say Wife of Josef Fritzl was too scared to question him , her sister says Fritzl 's wife focused on keeping family healthy , according to her sister
CNN  -- Viktor Troicki brushed aside Michael Llodra in straight sets in the deciding singles rubber as Serbia won the Davis Cup final for the first time with a 3-2 win over nine-time champions France on Sunday . The 24-year-old was in irresistible form as he won 6-2 6-2 6-3 in just two hours 13 minutes as the hosts claimed the most coveted team award in tennis to spark scenes of wild celebration on and off the court at the Belgrade Arena . Earlier , Novak Djokovic won his sixth singles tie from six matches in the Davis Cup this season as he beat France 's Gael Monfils to level the tie at 2-2 . Troicki was drafted into the deciding singles in place of Janko Tipsarevic and it proved an inspired choice by Bogan Obradovic . By contrast , French captain Guy Forget saw his gamble of picking Llodra ahead of Gilles Simon backfire as the left-hander could not cope with the aggressive play of Troicki , who hit a stream of winners and broke him eight times . Serbia 's incredible journey to the Davis Cup final The final time came as Llodra served to keep his country in the tie at two sets and 5-3 down . Facing two match points , he saved the first but another passing shot winner gave Troicki his stunning victory . "  This is the most intense pressure ever in my life and to win it in front of my home crowd I think is the best possible way , " he told Sky Sports . "  I 'm lost for words , it 's unbelievable . " Forget was angered by some of the antics of the enthusiastic home crowd . "  We heard whistles when the French team was serving and when the ball was in the air . It was only a small minority but it really is intolerable , " he told AFP . "  When you play against your opponents as well as imbeciles in the stadium , it 's very tiring . " The dramatic finale was set up after home hero Djokovic scored a crushing 6-2 6-2 6-4 win over Monfils . Serbia had been up against it after Llodra and Arnaud Clement beat Nemad Zimonjic and Troicki in Saturday 's pivotal doubles to go 2-1 up . However , world number three Djokovic stepped up to the plate to sweep aside Monfils , who had been in such good form as he beat Tipsarevic in the opening rubber of the five-match final . "  It 's one of the best matches of my career , in the circumstances , " Djokovic told the official Davis Cup website . "  I have a lot of respect for the French team , especially Gael , who is a good friend . " Djokovic was always in command after breaking Monfils twice in the opening set and he repeated the dose in the second . Monfils had two breaks of his own as he battled in the third set but could not hold his own and slipped to a tame defeat which gave the momentum to Serbia .	Viktor Troicki beats Michael Llodra in straight sets as Serbia win Davis Cup final Troicki 's 6-2 6-2 6-3 win gives the hosts a thrilling 3-2 victory over France in Belgrade Novak Djokovic leveled the tie at 2-2 earlier Sunday with a three set win over Gael Monfils Serbia claimed the coveted trophy for the first time over nine-time winners France
CNN  -- Manchester United have made their first signing of the summer after confirming a deal has been done for Wigan Athletic winger Antonio Valencia . Ecuador winger Valencia moves to Manchester United as a replacement for Real Madrid-bound Cristiano Ronaldo . The 23-year-old Ecuador international has signed a four-year contract after moving for an undisclosed fee , believed to be in the region of # 16 million  $ 23 million  . Valencia is expected to help fill the void left by Cristiano Ronaldo following the Portuguese winger 's impending 80 million euros  $ 130 million  move to Real Madrid . Latest transfer rumors and gossip "  Joining Manchester United is a dream come true for me , " Valencia told the club 's official Web site . "  I have enjoyed my time at Wigan , but I am thrilled to have the chance to challenge for the biggest honors in club football here . "  Playing in front of 76,000 fans alongside players like Wayne Rooney , Rio Ferdinand and Ryan Giggs will be an amazing experience . I ca n't wait to get started with the club . "  I hope the fans at Wigan can understand that I am an ambitious guy and a chance like this might never come again for me , " added Valencia , who will be 24 next month . "  I am happy that the club has benefited from the move financially because I owe them such a lot . I have had a great time here . " United manager Sir Alex Ferguson admitted he had tracked Valencia 's progress since his arrival at Wigan two seasons ago . "  Antonio is a player we have admired for some time now , having spent the last two years in the Premier League with Wigan , " he said . "  I am sure his pace and ability will make a significant contribution to the team . " The first Ecuadorian to play for United will make his debut for the Premier League champions on a four-match tour of Asia next month , before the Red Devils head for a four-team tournament in Munich .	Manchester United sign Ecuador winger Antonio Valencia for fee of $ 23 million Valencia joins on a four-year contract to replace Portugal 's Cristiano Ronaldo The 23-year-old becomes the English champions ' first signing of the summer
CNN  -- Clinging to Scotland 's rugged east coast is a golf course so tough it once reduced Sergio Garcia to tears . Just imagine what it could do to a hopeless weekend hacker . Aspiring basketball players may struggle to ever play at Madison Square Gardens , but one of the world 's most historic golf courses is open to all comers . Ben Hogan , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods have walked its fairways . And so have I. That 's the beauty of golf ; you do n't have to imagine . If you 've got $ 220 spare you can take your clubs to Carnoustie and discover firsthand why the locals call it "  Carnasty . " "  We get golfers of all abilities , from pros to relative beginners , " said Rod Soutar , who 's been a caddy at Carnoustie for 30 years . "  You just hope they can relax and enjoy it . " This relative beginner was far from relaxed as I stood before the packed clubhouse terrace , preparing for the most terrifying tee shot of my life . "  Watch out for the thick rough on the right , the out of bounds to the left and the bunkers up ahead , " said my caddy with no hint of irony . She did n't mention that there were also a hundred or so people standing by ready to burst into laughter if the predicted shank ensued . "  It 's all about having realistic expectations , " said Souter , who caddied for Tiger Woods at the 1996 Scottish Open . "  The problem a lot of golfers have is they want to go home and tell their friends ' I shot a 69 at Carnoustie , ' but it 's not going to happen . "  I 've had golfers throwing clubs in frustration -- and even heard of people walking off the course in the middle of a round . They want to play to their handicap , but they do n't realize how much more difficult that is here . " Carnoustie has hosted seven British Opens and is regularly ranked the most difficult golf course on the planet . In 1999 conditions were so tough a 19-year-old Garcia had to be comforted by his mother after shooting an 89 . But that does n't put off the thousands of golfing tourists who make the pilgrimage every year . "  Amateur golfers want to play famous courses like Carnoustie and St. Andrews whatever the weather , " said Scott Hart , who owns tour operator Golf Scotland . "  They know to expect a tough time on the links courses , but they 're prepared for it . And they must be enjoying it , because they keep coming back . We 've never had an unsatisfied customer . " My round started with a double-bogey six , which my caddy tactfully told me was still one better than Garcia managed in 1999 . But that was where the rain started and the comparison ended . Zig-zagging the fairways and finding almost every pot bunker on the course , I got the full "  Carnasty " experience . My poor caddy was put through quite an ordeal , but as it turns out it could have been worse . "  I once had a guy turn up on a corporate day who 'd never hit a ball in his life , " Soutar said . "  He was wearing Caterpillar work boots and he really hacked it up the first . I think he scored 160-odd in the end , and that was without me calling any of the penalties on him . "  Caddies actually enjoy that kind of thing . We have a warped sense of humor and we like to see who can caddy the worst score . The all-time record is something like 180 I think . " My Carnoustie experience culminated in a sunset walk down the last , the scene of Jean van de Velde 's infamous implosion at the 1999 British Open , where the likes of Hogan , Tom Watson , Gary Player and Padraig Harrington lifted the iconic Claret Jug . Suddenly a torrid day on the golf course made perfect sense . When a weekend hacker gets the chance to walk in the footsteps of golfing legend it really does n't matter what your card looks like  for the record this 20 handicapper hit 108  . If it does , you 're in for a miserable time . "  Some golfers beat themselves up when they should be relaxing and enjoying it , " Soutar said . "  But at least they do n't take it out on the caddies . "	Carnoustie 's Championship Course was named the most difficult in the world by Time magazine The Scottish links has hosted the British Open seven times , most recently in 2007 The course is open to the paying public , with a one-off green fee priced at $ 220 Officially players need a handicap certificate to play , but the rule is often relaxed
CNN  -- Spain striker Fernando Torres has rejected accusations he put the World Cup before his club Liverpool after he was ruled out of action for six weeks . Torres traveled from England to Barcelona by car to see a specialist , due to the ongoing disruption to flights caused by the ash emanating from a volcano in Iceland , for an operation on his knee . The 26-year-old will miss the rest of the English Premier League season , as well as Liverpool 's Europa League semifinal against his former club Atletico Madrid , after picking up the injury in a game against Portuguese side Benfica . He now faces a race to be fit for Spain 's opening game of the World Cup in South Africa against Switzerland on June 16 . He told his official Web site : "  I picked up the injury in the second minute of the Europa League clash at home to Benfica , and I went onto to play for another 85 minutes with an injured knee . "  If I was only thinking about Spain and the World Cup , I would have asked the boss -LSB- Rafael Benitez -RSB- to have taken me off straight after the incident . "  We analyzed all the possibilities before finally choosing the last of them all : surgery . The meniscus was damaged and the doctors all agreed that I needed an operation on my right knee . " On the World Cup Torres said : "  I have been waiting four years for this and , if all goes well , I do not anticipate missing it . My road to recovery has already started . " Torres expressed his disappointment at missing the European clash with his former club , Atletico Madrid , who he left to join Liverpool in 2007 . He added : "  I was very excited about returning and playing against "  Atleti " . I wanted to be there again and greet the people , because for me this is a very endearing qualification round . I will have many more opportunities in the future . " Torres had to travel to Barcelona by car after his original flight was cancelled due to the fallout from the ash cloud that has grounded all European flights . He said : "  On Friday we knew that with the meniscus not quite right , we were facing a race against time . "  The flight we originally had booked was cancelled and we had to organize a trip out of nothing in just under 30 minutes . The journey was very long , but it was the only way of getting to Barcelona . "	Fernando Torres insists he did n't put his country before his club Torres has been ruled out for six weeks after an operation on his knee Liverpool striker will miss rest of European season and faces battle for World Cup fitness
Syria 's neighbors are preparing for the worst as the specter of potential Western airstrikes hang heavily over a nervous Middle East . As U.S. President Barack Obama makes his case to Congress and the international community for a military response to an alleged chemical attack by Syrian regime forces in a Damascus suburb , CNN explores how the countries bordering war-torn Syria feel about Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the possibility of foreign intervention in the bloody conflict there . Lebanon Security is tightening and there is a mood of growing worry and angst in the streets of Beirut , where many are convinced that strikes on Damascus , less than 70 miles from the Lebanese capital , will further destabilize the country that , aside from Syria , has suffered the most as a result of the war . Tiny Lebanon is inextricably linked to its larger neighbor , and sectarian divisions there mirror those in Syria . But while politicians who support al-Assad say the proposed airstrikes are reminiscent of the lead-up to the war in Iraq , those who oppose him are playing it safe for now . Talal Arslan , the Lebanese Democratic Party leader and a supporter of al-Assad , said accusations of chemical weapons use by regime forces in a Damascus suburb were "  a reminder of  America 's  previous lies to invade Iraq . No one buys these lies any longer . " Lebanese MP Walid Jumblatt , a staunch ally of the Syrian rebels who previously accused the Assad regime of killing his father in the early years of Lebanon 's civil war in the 1970s , said strikes would not deal a fatal blow to the Syrian regime : "  The action will not be decisive , particularly in the absence of international consensus on strike or on the post-strike era . " Ahmad Fatfat , an anti-Assad member of the Lebanese parliament , said the ramifications of airstrikes would probably depend on the reaction of Hezbollah , the Beirut-based Shiite militant group that has joined Syria 's civil war on behalf of its patrons in Damascus and Iran . The government has mostly tried to stay out of the conflict , but that has n't stopped the bloodshed -- and those fleeing the fighting -- from spilling over Lebanon 's borders . One in six people in Lebanon is now a Syrian refugee , and tensions between Lebanese and Syrians are rising . Hezbollah was the target of deadly Beirut bombings in recent weeks that killed dozens and left many in Lebanon believing that the country is now a proxy battlefield as Iran and Saudi Arabia fight to control the outcome of Syria 's civil war . But despite these deep divisions , many Lebanese are united in the belief that potential strikes are little more than a superficial show of power from an American president backed into a corner by his "  red line " declaration about chemical weapons use in Syria . Israel Thousands of scared residents in cities across Israel made their way to gas-mask distribution centers amid fears that potential airstrikes on Syria could result in retaliatory chemical attacks . In 2011 , Israeli President Shimon Peres insisted at a news conference that al-Assad "  must go , " but the comments have been an exception for the Israeli government . In May of 2013 , an Israeli defense ministry official specifically denied that Israel had "  done anything against Assad and his regime . " Still , Israel has been accused three times this year of launching airstrikes inside Syria . In January , a U.S. official said Israeli fighter jets bombed a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to Hezbollah . Israel 's military has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other terrorist groups as well as any effort to smuggle Syrian weapons into Lebanon that could threaten Israel . Jordan In Amman , an hour 's drive from the Syrian border and well within range of Syrian missiles , there are fears that Jordan 's involvement in the civil war could lead to attacks on its own soil . King Abdullah is one of the West 's key allies in the region and was the first Arab leader to call for al-Assad to step down . The vast majority of the country 's citizens are Sunni and sympathize with the plight of the Syrian rebels trying to topple the country 's Alawite regime . OPINION : Why strikes in Syria are a bad idea It is an open secret that Saudi Arabia is using Jordan to smuggle weapons into Syria for the rebels . Jordan says it is doing all it can to prevent that and does not want to inflame the situation in Syria . But despite the fact the world 's military leaders gathered last week in Jordan to discuss Syria , the government insists it will not be a launchpad for a Western strike on its neighbor . Government spokesman Mohammad Momani said : "  Our position regarding the Syrian crisis is based on our concern for Jordan 's higher national interests and our unfailing policy of non-interference in the internal affairs of our neighbors . " "  Jordan renews its calls for a political solution in Syria and urges the international community to intensify efforts to reach such a solution . " Iraq In Iraq , where at least 30,000 Syrian refugees fled over a five-day period in late August , the government has said in recent days that the country is on high alert in anticipation of a strike in Syria . Iraq is opposed to Western military intervention in Syria and is deeply divided along sectarian lines . Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government is wary that the Sunni Islamists who 've been involved in fighting al-Assad 's regime are targeting the government in Baghdad . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki called for unity in a statement : "  What is happening in Syria threatens Iraq and the region , and all Iraqis , especially politicians , should unite and reject sectarianism and place the national interest above all partisan interests in order to ward off the dangers and protect national unity and sovereignty . " Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia , the region 's Sunni powerhouse , is walking a very fine line on Syria . While many observers believe the Saudis tacitly approve of the strikes , the government has not come out publicly in support of Western military intervention . Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al-Faisal has called for the U.N. Security Council to shoulder its responsibilities to the Syrian people and said the Assad regime had lost sight of its Arab identity . A majority of Saudis support the rebels and want al-Assad gone , but they 're also horrified about the plight of ordinary Syrians and believe missile strikes could exacerbate their suffering . Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of the Saudi Gazette , told CNN : "  People here are against any attack that will cause more bloodshed to the existing conflict in Syria . They know what happened in Iraq -- how many innocent people died in Iraq , Libya , Yemen and Pakistan due to strikes . I hope and believe people are not excited at the prospect of hits on Syria . " "  I would not want to see any strike on Syria that will only add to the agony of the Syrian people . Arabs have had enough of collateral damage . " Egypt In Egypt , which remains embroiled in its own deadly crisis more than a month after the military deposed and detained president Mohamed Morsy , a number of political parties have stood against foreign intervention in Syria . The Tamarrod movement , which spearheaded the drive to remove Morsy from office , ripped the U.S. and called on the Egyptian government to act in the event of a Western strike on Syria . Tamarrod spokesman Mahmoud Badr said : "  The U.S. is an imperial state that has destroyed Iraq and aims to destroy Syria and intervene in Egyptian affairs . " Hassan Shahin , another spokesman , "  demanded the closure of the Suez Canal " if there is any naval movement toward Syria , according to state-owned Egyptian news . Nabil Fahmy , Egypt 's minister of foreign affairs , said the only way forward in Syria is a political solution . Yemen In Yemen , a country living under the constant specter of American drone strikes targeting al Qaeda militants , it is nearly impossible to find anyone who supports Western bombs in Syria , despite mixed attitudes about the Assad regime . Ahmed Bahri of Yemen 's Haq Party told CNN that foreign intervention in Syria will only increase Yemeni and Arab resentment of the U.S. . He said : "  Arabs do not trust the U.S. anymore because it is attacking numerous Arab countries -- but some Arab leaders are working against their people 's will . " While many Yemenis would like to see al-Assad deposed , others are worried about the Sunni extremist groups that could replace him if he went . Al Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula vastly expanded its base in Yemen after the fall of President Ali Abdullah Saleh during the Arab Spring in 2011 . And while Yemenis feel terrorized by the group , they also live in daily fear of U.S. drone strikes . Youth activist Nasser al-Absi said a U.S. strike in Syria would merely create another generation of terrorists in the region . "  The U.S. will regret any attack in Syria ... Arabs are peaceful , but they are being attacked by the West . These attacks will make thousands of people join al Qaeda to avenge the death of their loved ones . "	Lebanon : Security tight amid fears Western strikes in Syria will destabilize country Israel : Scared residents line up at gas-mask distribution centers ; Israeli PM ` ready for anything ' Jordan : Despite world 's military officials meeting there , country says it wo n't be launching pad Saudi Arabia : Many want Assad gone , but believe airstrikes will make Syrian suffering worse
CNN  -- Police in London have arrested six men for questioning in connection with death of a man outside Wembley Stadium . The incident took place prior to the Euro 2012 qualifying match between England and Wales on Tuesday evening . The man who died has been named as Michael Dye , 44 , from Cardiff , Wales . The six men in custody are also believed to be Welsh supporters . No England fans are thought to have been involved . A message of sympathy was posted on the Cardiff City Football Club web site on Wednesday and fans tied scarves and replica shirts to the gates of the stadium . Gethin Jenkins , Cardiff City 's chief executive said in a statement : "  Our thoughts and condolences go to Mike 's family and friends at this devastating time . Mike was clearly a committed and passionate supporter of the club for many years and his passing is extremely sad to many within our community and the football family at large . " England won the game 1-0 .	Police investigating death of Welsh football fan outside Wembley Stadium make arrests All six men arrested thought to be Welsh football fans Incident takes place before Euro 2012 qualifier between England and Wales
CNN  Parents at a Chicago-area day care center are keeping a close watch over their children for any signs of fever or rashes . They learned Wednesday that two infants who attend a KinderCare Learning Center in Palatine , Illinois , have tested positive for measles . Three more cases have been diagnosed , based on clinical and other criteria , but results are pending , according to a statement from the Cook County Department of Public Health and state officials . Officials say it is not clear whether these cases are linked to a previously confirmed case in suburban Cook County or to the outbreak associated with Disneyland in California . In light of the ongoing debate over childhood vaccinations , agencies are taking extra precautions to limit the spread of the measles . Everyone at the day care center was notified about the measles cases . Anyone who has not had the MMR  measles , mumps , rubella  vaccine was told to stay at home and away from others who have not been vaccinated for the next 21 days . Infected people are contagious from four days before their rash begins through four days afterward . KinderCare issued a statement , saying it is focused on ensuring the continued health and safety of everyone at the center . In addition to banning children and staff who have not been vaccinated and may have been exposed to the measles until February , 24 , KinderCare says the Palatine center also received a deep cleaning . Officials promised to closely monitor the situation and to keep families informed . The two infants confirmed to have measles have not been vaccinated . Amy Poore-Terrell , spokeswoman for the public health department , says the children were too young to be vaccinated . The MMR vaccine is generally not given to children under the age of 1 . Officials are advising anyone who experiences a high fever and rash to call their local health department and their doctor , even though the cases appear to be concentrated in the northwest suburban Cook County region . Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease . It causes fever , red and sore eyes , runny nose , cough and a rash . It can cause deadly health complications including pneumonia and encephalitis . Measles is spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing . It can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours .	Two cases of measles confirmed at Chicago-area day care center Three additional cases of measles diagnosed at the center , but not yet confirmed Day care workers and children who have n't been vaccinated for measles sent home for 21 days
CNN  -- Authorities investigating a shooting at Los Angeles International Airport asked for patience Saturday as they piece together details of the rampage that left a Transportation Security Administration officer dead . The statement released jointly by federal and local authorities came one day after The Associated Press , citing two unnamed law enforcement officials , reported the slain TSA officer lay bleeding for 33 minutes because police had not declared the terminal safe for paramedics to enter . Authorities have charged Paul Ciancia , 29 , in the death of TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez , who was shot in the chest and abdomen during the November 1 shooting at Terminal 3 . The joint statement did not directly address the AP report , but it defended the actions of authorities that day . "  Command officers and airport administrators were faced with a wide range of important objectives , including conducting a complete search to rule out additional gunmen or explosives , identifying and treating all injured victims , and coordinating the needs of the thousands of arriving and departing travelers that were impacted by the incident , " the statement said . Federal and local authorities will offer no further comment beyond the statement while the investigation is ongoing , said LAPD spokeswoman Sally Madera . The AP reported that while it was unknown when Hernandez died , officials were examining whether paramedics , who were reportedly held 150 yards away from the terminal by police , could have gone in earlier . "  Various statements have been made regarding the incident , some of which are untrue and others that merit serious consideration by our respective agencies , " the Saturday statement said . "  Numerous actions are underway relative to this incident and the ensuing response . " According to the joint statement , authorities are conducting a federal criminal investigation and an officer-involved shooting investigation . An after-action work group is also analyzing all aspects of the "  multidiscipline response . " Key findings of the investigations will be released when they are completed , it said . Hernandez , 39 , was the first TSA officer killed in the line of duty in the agency 's 12-year-history . According to authorities , Ciancia walked up to the TSA checkpoint where Hernandez was working and opened fire , shooting him "  at point-blank range , " according to a court document . Ciancia then went up an escalator toward the security checkpoint , but returned to shoot Hernandez again after apparently seeing the officer move , the document said . The rampage came to an end when authorities shot and wounded Ciancia , who has been charged with the murder of a federal officer and commission of violence at an international airport .	AP is reporting that a TSA officer killed during a shooting at LAX lay bleeding for 33 minutes Authorities investigating the shooting did not respond directly to the report Officials release joint statement saying various statements have been made , some untrue
CNN  -- The capture of the surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect last Friday ended the city 's nightmare . But for investigators , a huge task lies ahead . They "  have a million questions , and those questions need to be answered , " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said over the weekend . Those answers could help authorities explain why two brothers might have done this and how the terrorist attack could have been prevented . Here is a look at five of the burning questions vexing investigators : 1 . Did the suspects act alone ? Preliminary interviews with surviving suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev suggest that he and his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , were self-radicalized jihadists , not members of a terrorist group , a U.S. government source said . Hospitalized since his capture on Friday and unable to speak , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is communicating with investigators by writing and nodding . Tsarnaev has indicated that his older brother , not any international terrorist group , directed last week 's deadly attack in Boston , the government source said . He has conveyed that Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's motivation stemmed from jihadist thought and the idea that Islam is under attack , so jihadists need to fight back , the source said Monday . Authorities might never have all the answers about Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , who died after an encounter with police early Friday . Nevertheless , the possibility that the Tsarnaev brothers were members of a terrorist group has not been ruled out . The government source cautioned that the interviews were preliminary , and that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's account needs to be checked out and followed up on by investigators . As CNN 's national security analyst Peter Bergen points out , the brothers ' e-mail traffic will be of huge interest to investigators as they seek an answer to this question . And even if the suspected Boston bombers were not connected to a terrorist organization , the brothers may have had help . 2 . What was Tamerlan Tsarnaev doing in Russia ? The older brother 's six-month trip to Russia during the first half of 2012 is also a focal point of the probe . His father has said that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was with him at all times during that trip . But investigators are not ruling out that he could have met up with some nefarious characters during that visit to Makhachkala , the capital of Russia 's Dagestan republic , where his father still lives today . "  What I 'm very concerned about is that when he went over there , he very well may have been radicalized and trained by these Chechen rebels , who are the fiercest jihad warriors , " said Rep. Michael McCaul , a Republican from Texas who is chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . The trip came after the suspect , an accomplished boxer , became increasingly religious , his aunt said . After returning from the trip , Tamerlan Tsarnaev started a YouTube channel with links to various videos . Two were posted under a category labeled "  terrorists , " but later deleted . It 's not clear by whom . A CNN analysis of the YouTube channel determined one deleted video featured a militant named Abu Dujana , whose real name was Gadzhimurad Dolgatov . Russian security services killed Dolgatov in December during an assault on an apartment in Makhachkala . The investigation also will look into whether Tamerlan Tsarnaev made other trips to the northern Caucasus region , McCaul said Sunday . A look at Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's past 3 . How did Dzhokhar Tsarnaev go from ` lovely kid ' to suspected terrorist ? After the FBI named the two suspects on Thursday night , many who knew the brothers expressed disbelief -- particularly friends of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . He was "  a lovely , lovely kid , " said Larry Aaronson , a former teacher at the younger Tsarnaev 's high school . Aaronson described the young man as compassionate , caring , and jovial . Ruslan Tsarni , the boys ' uncle -- who made headlines for calling the boys "  losers " -- said he believes Tamerlan Tsarnaev influenced his younger brother . Investigators are looking into whether that was the case . Some acquaintances of the boys believe Dzhokhar Tsarnaev may have been brainwashed by his brother . "  All I can say is I think his brother put him up to it , " said Peter Tenzin , who co-captained the high school wrestling team with Dzhokhar . "  There 's no way in heck that he would do it . Mentally , he 's just not that kind of guy . " Uncle : Cambridge friend ` brainwashed him completely ' 4 . Why was n't the FBI tracking Tamerlan ? Acting on Russia 's concerns that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was a follower of radical Islam , FBI agents interviewed the older brother in 2011 , an FBI official said . But the Russian government 's request was vague and the lack of specifics limited how much the FBI was able to investigate Tsarnaev , according to a U.S. official and a law enforcement source . Nevertheless , many are wondering why this young man seemingly dropped off the FBI 's radar in the years since , particularly after his six-month trip to Russia 's unstable North Caucasus region . "  This man was pointed out by a foreign government to be dangerous . He was interviewed by the FBI once ... then , he went to Russia . ... Why was n't he interviewed when he came back either at the airport when he was returning or later ? " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York said to CNN . FBI takes heat over Boston bombing suspect Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham also voiced concern about the FBI 's handling of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , but the senator from South Carolina pulled back his criticism on Monday , saying that the problem might have been partly the result of Tsarnaev 's misspelled name on a travel document . Many lawmakers are asking whether the FBI should have done more . "  I think there 's going to be an awful lot of questions about this , that 's going to be looked at over the coming months and maybe longer than that , " said Rep. Michael Capuano , a Massachusetts Democrat . "  Like every situation , I have faith that the FBI and other agencies have done their job . Can they improve their job going forward ? Absolutely . " 5 . Why was an MIT police officer killed ? This is another missing piece of the puzzle . Police do n't know why Sean Collier , a young MIT campus police officer , was killed -- allegedly by the Tsarnaev brothers . Collier was inside his police vehicle Thursday night after responding to a loud disturbance call when he was shot and killed on the MIT campus , according to Watertown Police Chief Edward Duveau . "  It appears that the suspects approached from the rear ... and then fired four to five shots into the cruiser , " Cambridge Police Commissioner Robert Haas said on "  CNN Newsroom " Monday . A short time after the MIT shooting , the suspects are believed to have carjacked an SUV about a mile away . Later , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed in a police confrontation . The motive for Collier 's killing is unknown , Haas said . "  We really have no idea at this point in time . "	The capture of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev last week ended Boston 's nightmare Yet , investigators must answer "  a million questions " There is still no clear motive for last week 's bombings And it 's still unclear if the suspects acted alone
Televised award shows normally celebrate athletes and entertainers for their latest career accomplishments . But on Sunday night , the roles will be reversed . For the fifth straight year , celebrities will join CNN in honoring 10 everyday people who are working to make the world a better place . "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " airs live at 8 p.m. ET from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles . "  It 's incredible to see the amount of hard work and humility that these people have , uplifting the people around them , " said actor Rainn Wilson , who has attended the show in previous years . "  Their stories are always the same : They 're a normal person , they 're doing a normal job ... and they see a need . " Celebrities participating in this year 's show include comedians Jerry Seinfeld and George Lopez ; actors J.R. Martinez and Chris Colfer ; musical artists Ice Cube and will.i.am ; model Christy Turlington Burns ; former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner ; and actresses Laura Dern , Mary-Louise Parker and Sofia Vergara . Kid Rock will be performing the song "  Care " from his platinum-selling album "  Born Free , " while Miley Cyrus will be performing her triple-platinum hit "  The Climb . " Martinez , an Iraq war veteran who recently won the latest "  Dancing With the Stars , " will co-host the red-carpet show with A.J. Hammer of HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight . " Actress Holly Robinson Peete will be hosting a social media suite on the red carpet . During the show , Dr. Sanjay Gupta will be conducting exclusive backstage interviews that can only be seen on CNN.com or your mobile device . Join the conversation Who are this year 's Heroes ? War widows , "  motel kids " and the working poor are among the many people who have been helped by this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes . All of the Heroes were nominated by CNN viewers for their hard work and commitment . Each person in the Top 10 receives a $ 50,000 grant . At the end of the tribute show , hosted by Anderson Cooper , one of the Top 10 will be announced as the CNN Hero of the Year and receive an additional $ 250,000 . The Hero of the Year was chosen by the public in an online vote that ended Thursday . Fans can still make a direct donation to their favorite Hero by using Google Wallet . Google is waiving all transaction fees to make sure 100 % of the donations go directly to the Heroes ' nonprofit organizations . This is the fifth year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those five years , the campaign has profiled more than 160 people on CNN and CNN.com . And there have been roughly 40,000 nominations received from more than 100 countries . "  We hope to empower these selfless individuals to persevere in their humanitarian efforts to create progress , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . Here are the Top 10 Heroes of 2011 , in alphabetical order : Eddie CanalesEddie Canales ' son was paralyzed during a high school football game in 2001 . Today , Canales ' nonprofit , Gridiron Heroes , provides emotional and financial support to high school football players who 've sustained life-changing spinal cord injuries . Taryn Davis Taryn Davis was just 21 when her husband , an Army corporal , was killed in Iraq . In 2007 , she created the American Widow Project . To date , her nonprofit has provided a community of support to more than 900 young military widows . Sal Dimiceli Sal Dimiceli has spent decades helping people get back on their feet . Through a local newspaper column and his nonprofit , The Time Is Now To Help , Dimiceli assists about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . Derreck Kayongo Derreck Kayongo 's Global Soap Project collects partially used hotel soap and reprocesses it to save lives . Since 2009 , the Atlanta-based nonprofit has provided about 150,000 bars of soap for communities in 10 countries . Diane Latiker Surrounded by gang violence in her Chicago neighborhood , Diane Latiker opened her home to area youth and started a community program called Kids Off the Block . Since 2003 , her program has helped more than 1,500 young people . Robin Lim Robin Lim became a midwife after her sister died from complications during pregnancy . Since 2003 , she and her team in Indonesia have helped thousands of low-income women have a healthy pregnancy and birth . Patrice Millet After being stricken with cancer , Patrice Millet dedicated his life to helping children in his native Haiti . His nonprofit youth soccer program provides free equipment , coaching and food to hundreds of participants from the slums and teaches them to become responsible citizens . Bruno Serato Since 2005 , chef Bruno Serato has been serving free pasta dinners to children , many of whom are poor and live in motels with their families . Today , Serato provides dinner seven days a week to more than 300 children at the Boys & Girls Club in Anaheim , California . Richard St. DenisSince 2008 , Richard St. Denis and his organization , World Access Project , have provided hundreds of wheelchairs and mobility aids to people living with disabilities in rural Mexico . Amy Stokes Amy Stokes is redefining "  family " for South African children affected by HIV/AIDS and poverty . Her organization , Infinite Family , has connected almost 500 teenage "  Net Buddies " with nearly 300 volunteer mentors from all over the world via the Internet .	"  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air Sunday at 8 p.m. ET The live , global telecast will be at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles The annual show honors the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 ; one will be named Hero of the Year Dr. Sanjay Gupta interviews the Heroes and celebrities exclusively for CNN.com
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- There are over 15,000 Starbucks in the world but none like the one at 328 15th Avenue East in Seattle . Officially the coffee shop is called "  15th Ave Coffee and Tea " but the store and a similar sister location have earned another name : "  the Stealth Starbucks . " At first glance the coffee shops in the mega-chain 's hometown of Seattle do not even look like Starbucks . The ubiquitous smiling Mermaid logo has apparently swum away , there are no baristas in trademark green smocks either and not a tall , grande or venti sized beverage in sight . The only hint that the store is owned by the coffee giant and not a local java seller is the "  Inspired by Starbucks " lettering across the front door Inside , pages from Plato 's dialogues decorate an entire wall , sweeteners sit on a bathtub converted into a table , beer and wine are for sale and employees dole out customized drip coffees along with advice on which are the best beans . At every turn , the message seems to be here "  it 's about the coffee . " After first checking that her Starbucks rewards card would actually work at the location , customer Donna Godfrey said she liked the store precisely because it did n't seem like -- well -- such a Starbucks . "  I really liked the ambience , its not as loud as most of your Starbucks . It just feels more European , " Godfrey said . "  You get to the point where you walk down the street and on every corner or on every other corner there 's a Starbucks . So I think this is a way to have a presence without it being that thumb in your face presence . " If customers enjoy the "  stealth " Starbucks experience without linking it immediately to the coffee giant that 's fine with the creators of the concept , said Arthur Rubinfeld , Starbucks ' president of global development . "  These are learning environments for us to be innovative and push the envelope , Starbucks customers worldwide have come to expect a certain amount of offerings and timing in our stores we wanted to change things up here but did n't want to disappoint any of our customers , " Rubinfeld . Like many retailers , 2009 was not a great year for Starbucks . The company closed hundreds of their stores amidst the economic downturn and battled the perception that their business was based on what critics complained was overpriced coffee According to Arthur Rubinfeld the "  stealth " stores are not a departure from the brand but an effort to get back to the basics of the successful product that launched the company from a small single location coffee shop to a worldwide phenomenon . "  It 's rooted at the very core of Starbucks , we are an innovative company , " Rubinfeld said . "  We most continue to be that , and stay relevant as we continue to move forward and grow . " Rubinfeld said Starbucks is closely watching the ideas that come out of the new stores and may eventually adopt some of those innovations company-wide . Seattle-based blogger Melody Overton writes about all things Starbucks on her Web site Starbucks Melody and says the new stores are an attempt by the chain to go back to "  the early '90s where you went into the stores and Starbucks was about the coffee . You smelled the smell of coffee in the stores , there was n't the sound of blenders going every two seconds . " But small coffee shop owner Sebastian Simsch says it 's getting the small details right that 's tricky , especially for a company like Starbucks that thinks on a global scale . At the one location of his store Seattle Coffee Works , Simsch roasts his own coffee , chats with customers and picks out furniture that he admits resembles a mismatched living room set . As simple as the coffeehouse is , Simsch says his place is genuine . "  It 's an artificially created experience , " Simsch says of Starbucks version of the personal coffee experience . "  A Disneyland with a nice façade . I love that they want to learn but on the other hand its like how do you learn to be a Buddhist monk ? Its a way of life -- you ca n't . "	Not every Starbucks features a mermaid or baristas in green smocks There are some "  stealth " Starbucks shops sprouting up The door of one such shop in Seattle says it was "  inspired by Starbucks " Company executive : Stores are "  learning environments for us to be innovative "
CNN  -- As media outlets Monday circulated security-camera video of Ray Rice punching his then-fiancee in a hotel elevator , many wondered why the woman -- now his wife -- would remain with the fallen NFL star . The answers came in a rush , on Twitter . By Tuesday the social media platform was flooded with affecting stories from women explaining why they remained in abusive relationships and why they finally left . The outpouring was collected under two hashtags , #WhyIStayed and #WhyILeft . Writer and domestic abuse survivor Beverly Gooden said she started the campaign #WhyIStayed on Monday because she wanted to "  change the tone of the conversation . " Gooden said she married her husband after he hit her because she loved him -- and , she wanted to "  protect " him . "  I was thinking about him and not myself , and I think that 's the story of a lot of people out there , " she said . "  The hashtag shows that there are people out there who have lived this , and like me , have come out of this . " By Tuesday afternoon , the hashtag had been used more than 46,000 times , according to Web analytics tool Topsy , captivating participants and observers alike . The tweets came in response to stark footage showing Rice knocking out Janay Palmer in February in an Atlantic City , New Jersey , hotel elevator . The video shows him knocking her to the floor and then dragging her unconscious body out of the elevator . Why I stayed : My domestic abuse story The couple went forward with their plans to marry . Rice underwent pretrial diversion instead of facing criminal charges , and the NFL suspended him for two games -- a punishment criticized by many as too lenient . But the incident returned to the the spotlight Monday with the release of the elevator video . Amid the public outcry , people began asking questions about Janay Rice 's motivations . Why did n't she leave ? Why did she marry him ? Why did she stay ? Janay Rice posted a statement on Instagram on Tuesday defending her husband and criticizing the media and the public for making her family "  relive a moment in our lives that we regret everyday . " And on Twitter , the stories reflected many of the reasons domestic violence victims stay in abusive relationships . Eventually , people began sharing why they left , in an evolution that added dimension to the conversation , feminist and media critic Jill Filipovic said . Hashtag campaigns often focus on "  raising awareness " without providing solutions or activist strategies , Filipovic said . When it comes to helping women in abusive relationships , we need to understand why they stay in the first place , "  instead of contributing to the stigma of staying by shaking our heads and asking why , " she said . If a woman knows that her actions will be picked apart "  she has little incentive to rock the boat and make a change , " Filipovic said . "  The power of this hashtag is that abuse survivors volunteered the answer to the ` why did she stay ? ' question so that , hopefully , friends and family members of other survivors wo n't have to ask they can just provide support . " The reasons women stay in abusive relationships are "  complex and varied , " said Sandra Hawken Diaz of Interval House , a Toronto women 's shelter . "  Too many people assume that if a woman is in an abusive relationship that she is making a choice to stay , and that she has the power to end the abuse if she just leaves , " she said . "  We need to begin to understand , support and believe victims -- not blame them . "  Instead of asking why does n't she just leave , we should be asking different questions when we read those headlines . We should be asking , ` Why is he abusive ? ' or ` How can we break the cycle of violence ? ' or ` How can I support her to be safe ? ' " Fear is one reason partners stay , especially if children are involved , said Katie Ray-Jones , chief executive officer of the National Domestic Violence Hotline . Ray-Jones , who is not connected with the Rice incident , offered some general thoughts on what motivates victims of domestic violence when it comes to staying in the relationship or leaving . "  The fear a woman feels is real . The threats her partner makes are real . When a woman 's husband tells her he will kill her if she leaves , she believes that . We all know it is possible , we see the stories on TV and the Internet , " she said . In most domestic violence situations , the abusive partner blames the victim and the victim believes it , Ray-Jones said . "  Outside the home , this man appears to be a great man . Many woman describe it as Dr. Jekyll/Mr . Hyde : ` Great guy to everyone else , so I must be the problem , ' " she said . Ray Rice 's fame could have affected his wife 's decision-making , Ray-Jones said . "  I ca n't imagine how Janay Rice may have felt . Fans were blaming her on social media , sportscasters made comments somehow indicating she must have provoked the violence , and then she has to sit next to her abuser and apologize , " Ray-Jones said , referring to a press conference earlier this year . "  We would never ask a person who was mugged on the street to apologize for walking down the street where their assailant was . " Love and hope also can play into the dynamic , she said . The abusive partner is not abusive all the time , and the victim sees the person with whom she fell in love . "  Victims remember how it used to be and they see that person throughout the relationship . The abusive partner continues to tell them that they will change , that the abuse will not happen again , " she said . "  Everyone deserves a relationship that is based on dignity and respect . We want victims to be able to reach out and talk to an advocate so they know they have choices . "	Video of NFL 's Ray Rice punching future wife prompts questions about her behavior Women are sharing stories of domestic violence , using hashtags A writer started #WhyIStayed to show why women stay in abusive relationships Experts : Reasons women stay in abusive relationships are "  varied and complex "
CNN  -- Tragedy has struck ahead of the 2014 Paralympic Games with the death of Australian para-snowboarder Matthew Robinson following a heart attack . The 28-year-old Robinson suffered neck and spinal injuries after a crash in La Molina , a ski resort in Catalonia , Spain , on February 12 . His spent eight days in a Barcelona hospital recovering and was then cleared to be flown back to Australia . But during a planned refueling stop in Nairobi , Kenya , Robinson suffered a cardiac arrest and could not be revived . Robinson competed in upper limb impairment disciplines . Although para-snowboarding will make its Paralympic debut in Russia next month , upper limb impairment disciplines will not be contested . Follow all of the action from Sochi 2014 live "  The Australian Paralympic Committee  APC  is deeply saddened by the tragic passing of para-snowboarder Matthew Robinson , " read an APC statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Matthew 's parents , his fiancee , his family and his teammates . Our immediate concern is to do everything possible to support them at this extremely sad and difficult time . " Robinson suffered from arthrogryposis , a condition which affects joints . "  The whole of the Paralympic Movement is deeply saddened by this heart breaking tragedy , " International Paralympic Committee  IPC  president Philip Craven said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with Matthew 's fiancee , family , friends and teammates at this difficult time . "  Matthew was a world class and extremely popular athlete , a fact underlined by the vast number of support messages he received from around the world following last week 's accident . He sustained his injuries doing the sport he loved most . "  The IPC and whole of the Paralympic Movement are in deep mourning at his passing . The Movement is a close knit family and he will be sadly missed by all . " The Sochi 2014 Paralympic Games will begin on March 7 .	Para-snowboarder Matthew Robinson passes away following a heart attack The Australian suffered a cardiac arrest in Nairobi , Kenya Robinson was being transported from Spain to Australia following a crash last week He sustained neck and spinal injuries after an accident in Catalonia on February 12
CNN  -- Newly formed Tropical Storm Debby hovered in the central Gulf of Mexico late Saturday as coastal communities from Texas to Florida waited for it to make a decisive turn . The storm , packing winds of 50 mph , was located about 220 miles south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River , according to the National Hurricane Center 's 8 p.m. ET advisory . Forecast models did not have a consensus on Debby 's long-term track , and it was nearly stationary Saturday evening . Outer rain bands lashed portions of west-central and south Florida . Nine oil and gas production platforms were evacuated , equivalent to 1.5 % of the 596 manned platforms in the Gulf of Mexico , the federal government said Saturday . One of 70 rigs was evacuated . The Governor 's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in Louisiana was in touch with parishes and the National Weather Service , said spokeswoman Veronica Mosgrove . "  Our concern is if it were to ... head west we could get some coastal flooding and high tides , " she told CNN . If needed , the office could coordinate shelter , transportation and assistance with sand bags . Plaquemines Parish on the southern tip of Louisiana planned to declare a state of emergency Sunday morning , said emergency preparedness director Guy Laigast . The parish expects a slow rise of water pushed by the winds . Crews will place sand bags along a back levee in Myrtle Grove , Laigast said . Louisiana Highway 23 , a main road in the parish , could be affected . St. Mary Parish planned Monday to place warning signs at two communities built at sea level , said Duval Arthur , director of emergency preparedness . "  We 're anticipating a 3 - to 4-foot high tide . Water would be over the road in those areas . " Charles Roeseler , meteorologist with the National Weather Service 's Houston-Galveston office , said Debby "  could really go in a number of directions " -- Florida , Louisiana and Texas . "  It would be a welcome rain " in Texas , he said . Tropical storm warnings were posted from the mouth of the Pearl River , west to Morgan City , Louisiana , but do not include New Orleans . Such warnings indicate tropical storm conditions are expected within 36 hours in the warning areas . A slow northward movement was expected Sunday morning , followed by a gradual westward turn by late Sunday or early Monday . Some strengthening is expected over the next two days , the center said . The hurricane center predicted a possible storm surge of up to 3 feet along the coast , with estimated rainfall amounts between 3 and 6 inches . Debby 's formation marks the first time in history that four named storms have formed before July 1 , according to CNN Meteorologist Monica O'Connor . First day of summer , and the Northeast sure feels it CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Louisiana parish plans to place sand bags along levee Debby is the fourth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season Tropical storm warnings are in effect along the Louisiana coast Evacuations ordered on Gulf oil platforms , rig
CNN  -- The orgy of violence that has greeted Kenya 's disputed election result has led to hundreds of deaths and forced tens of thousands to flee their homes . But away from the tragic human cost , the unrest has also provoked concerns about the stability of the east African country 's economy , until now seen as a model for the region . Businesses have been destroyed and looted and supply routes disrupted after the opposition accused incumbent president Mwai Kibaki of election fraud after he was declared winner Sunday . Investors are watching events closely in the country , fearful of how it could affect one of Africa 's few economic success stories . And the early signs have been worrying . The equity market on the Nairobi Stock Exchange lost 40 billion Kenyan Shillings  $ 591 million  in value on its first day of New Year trading Wednesday , the Kenyan financial newspaper Business Daily Africa reported . And business leaders said that the government was losing around 2 billion Shillings  $ 29.5 million  a day in lost revenue as a result of the political violence , the paper reported . "  We do seem to be in a new place , there 's a lot of uncertainty about where we go from here . And a lot depends crucially on how long-lasting this is , " said Razia Kahn , an analyst specializing in Africa at Standard Chartered bank . Kenya has attracted a large number of multi-nationals and is home to one of the world 's fastest growing stock exchanges . Its relative economic success has been helped in part by its thriving tourist sector , with visitors attracted by its abundant wildlife and pristine beaches . Provisional figures for 2006 from the Kenya 's tourist board said the country had received 1.5 million visitors for the year , a growth of 5.2 per cent . However , fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the British Federation of Tour Operators announcing Thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this Saturday . Watch an aid worker describe fears that crisis may resemble Rwanda 's " British tourists already in the country have been advised by the British Foreign Office to stay indoors and to stay away from the major cities . There are also worries about the knock-on effect for the region , since around 40 percent of Kenya 's exports go to other African nations , Kahn said . Of even greater concern is the effect on Kenya 's lucrative agriculture industry . Exports of tea , coffee , vegetables and flowers are big earners for the country , with agriculture making up about a fifth of the total economy . There have been media reports of tea and coffee auctions being halted by the violence as well as widespread disruption to transport routes as rioters blockade major roads across the country . Arun Shah , who runs a coffee import business based in London , told CNN his livelihood depended on a stable Kenya . "  We have had absolutely reliable supply , " he said . "  We have had reliable quality and the quantities that we need for our trade . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Boulden in London contributed to this report	Kenya 's once-stable economy faltering due to violence following disputed election Equity market on Nairobi Stock Exchange lost $ 591 million on first day of 2008 Business leaders say the government losing $ 29.5 million a day in revenues Thriving tourist industry also hit , with British tour operators calling off flights
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . As social media becomes the latest branding strategy , networking technique , job seeking tool and recruitment vehicle , it 's also becoming the latest way for people to get job offers rescinded , reprimanded at work and even fired . Everyone has "  my-job-sucks " moments , but it 's probably best for your career not to have them online . It 's happened so many times -- publicized and not -- that one would think we could learn from others ' mistakes .  But , if that were the case , I would n't have anything to write about , now would I ? A recent Tweet by a potential Cisco employee , for example , turned ugly when he decided to tout a recent job offer : "  Cisco just offered me a job ! Now I have to weigh the utility of a fatty paycheck against the daily commute to San Jose and hating the work . " Unfortunately for "  theconnor "  the handle for the would-be employee  , Tim Levad , a "  channel partner advocate " for Cisco , saw the tweet and responded with this : "  Who is the hiring manger , I 'm sure they would love to know that you will hate the work . We here at Cisco are versed in the Web . " Terrible tweets Everyone has their "  My-job-sucks , " "  I-hate-my-co-workers , " or "  Give-me-more-money " moments . But , they seem to forget that as employers increase their online presence using social networking sites as recruitment and branding strategies , it might be best for their career not to have these moments on the Internet . Paul Wilson , a freelance/corporate Web marketer and blogger , found several of such moments on Twitter , a social networking and micro-blogging site , and posted these "  Top 10 Tweets to Get You Fired " -LSB- sic 'd -RSB- : 1 . "  hate my job !! i want to tell my bosses how dumb they are and how meaningless this job is , then quit , and be happy ! " 2 . "  So my job was to test all the food at the new resturant , can I just say , ughew . I 'm going to taco bell then twistee treat . " 3 . "  Workin ... This job sucks worse then the economy ! " 4 . "  I 'm going to work ! Walmart ! Must find better job ! I hate it when chicks there have a deeper voice than me and refer to me as foo ! " 5 . "  Also I 'm really bummed that I 'm working today , i asked off so i could study but my boss is a ******* **** ***** ***** who ca n't read . " 6 . "  Coworker smuggled out a chair for me . Currently being paid to SIT around and listen to John Barrowman on my iPod . I do n't hate my job today ! " 7 . "  having sex dreams of people you work with makes for an awkward day . " 8 . "  smoking weed at work is so -LSB- EDITED -RSB- great : " 9 . "  It 's bad when you overhear the n00b programmer say "  I used to work at McDonalds with him " and you wonder if he is talking about the CEO ... " 10 . "  Huh , with my boss on twitter , maaaybe I should take down that sexy picture of her ... but her reaction will be priceless ! " Facebook fired Twitter is not the only culprit in career self-destruction . Facebook , a popular social networking site , has housed its fair share of user firings : Kimberly Swann , a former employee for Ivell Marketing and Logistics of Clacton , U.K. , thought her job was boring -- and she said so on her Facebook page , according to an article in The Daily Telegraph . Swann was called into her manager 's office and handed a letter that cited her Facebook comments as the reason for dismissal : "  Following your comments made on Facebook about your job and the company we feel it is better that , as you are not happy and do not enjoy your work we end your employment with Ivell Marketing & Logistics with immediate effect . " An MSNBC article remembers Kevin Colvin , the legendary young intern who e-mailed his boss , claiming a "  family emergency " would keep him out of the office around Halloween . His co-workers  and Facebook friends  , however , saw a photo of Colvin dressed as a fairy at a Halloween party time-stamped on the same day of the "  emergency . " Colvin 's boss responded to him with an e-mail CC 'd to the entire company , firing him and including the incriminating fairy picture . In March 2009 , the same MSNBC article cites Dan Leone , a Philadelphia Eagles stadium employee , who was fired after slamming the football organization for trading a player in this status update : "  Dan is -LSB- expletive -RSB- devastated about Dawkins signing with Denver ... Dam Eagles R Retarted !! -LSB- Sic -RSB- " Two days later , the head of event operations said they needed to talk about his Facebook status ; instead , he got the boot . Social networking do n'ts If you want to use your profile to get hired or -- or at least not get fired -- here are three basic rules to keep in mind : 1 . Do n't announce interviews , raises or new jobs As exemplified by "  theconnor , " how you talk about any of these sensitive topics on your social networking site is key . If you 're unemployed , writing "  Interview today -- wish me luck ! " would be OK , or if you got a job , something along the lines of "  So excited about my new job ! " is totally acceptable . If you 're currently employed , however , I do n't think your boss would be too happy to see something like , "  Trying to con my boss into giving me a $ 5K raise . SUCKA ! " 2 . Do n't badmouth your current or previous employer Just like in an interview , keep your rants about your boss or company to yourself . If hiring managers see that you 're willing to trash a colleague online they assume you 'll do it to them , too . Plus , there 's always the possibility of getting fired if someone sees your negative comments . 3 . Do n't mention your job search if you 're still employed If your boss knows you 're on the lookout for a new job , feel free to advertise it in your status . If you 're keeping your search below the radar , however , do n't publish anything , anywhere . Even if you are n't connected to your boss online , somebody can get the information back to him or her . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	As social media increases , it is also becoming a way to get reprimanded or fired Touting a job offer or badmouthing your job could get back to the boss upstairs The same rules for Twitter also apply to your Facebook status update Another good rule ? Do n't mention your job search if you 're still employed
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The leader of the Taliban in Pakistan , Hakimullah Mehsud , was wounded in a suspected U.S. drone strike Thursday , intelligence and Taliban sources told CNN Friday . A Taliban spokesman denied Thursday and again Friday that Mehsud was hurt . The spokesman , Azam Tariq , said Mehsud had left the site of the attack -- a converted religious school -- before the missiles struck . He dismissed reports of an injury to Mehsud as propaganda . Other Taliban and intelligence sources , however , said doctors were treating Mehsud for wounds he sustained in the drone strike . The drone attack killed 10 people , with four missiles landing near a madrassa , or religious school , Pakistani intelligence and local officials said Thursday . The school had been converted into a training camp for militants , the officials said . Meanwhile Friday , another suspected drone strike killed five people in the village of Zarini , in North Waziristan , two intelligence sources said . No additional details were immediately available . The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported attacks by drones , or unmanned aircraft . The United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft . The strike happened in the village of Pasal Kot . That 's in North Waziristan , part of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region that is the site of previous drone strikes and clashes between the Pakistani military and Islamic militants . It comes a few days after Mehsud appeared in a video the Pakistani Taliban released . In it , he sits next to Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi , the man believed to be the suicide bomber who killed seven CIA employees and a Jordanian army captain at a base in eastern Afghanistan on December 30 . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . It was carried out out to avenge the death of Mehsud 's predecessor , Baitullah Mehsud , who died in a suspected U.S. drone strike last year , according to al Qaeda 's commander of operations in Afghanistan , Mustafa Abu Yazid . Baitullah Mehsud and Hakimullah Mehsud are from the same tribe , not from the same family . In the video , al-Balawi said , "  We will never forget the blood of our leader Baitullah Mehsud , may God have mercy on his soul , " according to a CNN translation . "  It will remain that we take revenge  for his death  in America and outside America . It is a trust on every person who left everything for the sake of God , whom Baitullah Mehsud supported . " At one point , the video shows the date of December 20 , 2009 . That is five days before Nigerian passenger Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab allegedly tried to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight to Detroit , Michigan . The Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the Christmas Day plot . It is impossible to know whether the date on the video is accurate , or whether al-Balawi was aware of AbdulMutallab 's alleged plans . If al-Balawi did know about the plot , it could indicate a greater degree of communication between the Pakistani Taliban and al Qaeda than previously thought . Among the seven CIA employees who were killed in the December 30 attack were two members of the private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater . The Jordanian military officer who was killed was Army Capt. Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a cousin of Jordan 's King Abdullah II . It was one of the worst attacks ever on America 's intelligence community . Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently believed al-Balawi had been rehabilitated from his extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2 figure , a former U.S. intelligence official said . Al-Balawi was a Jordanian doctor whom Jordanian authorities had recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source , a Jordanian official told CNN . He said the video that his faith can not be sold to bidders , an apparent message to Jordanian and U.S. officials that they had failed to win his allegiance . It puts into question how well the CIA and other intelligence agencies can penetrate al Qaeda . Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report	Mehsud moved to safe area for medical treatment , Taliban source says Mehsud appeared in a video released Saturday by Pakistani Taliban He was pictured next to suicide bomber who killed seven CIA employees Five dead in another suspected drone strike in North Waziristan
Condoleezza Rice is used to blazing trails -- the first African-American woman to serve as secretary of state , the first female national security adviser and now one of the first two female members of the Augusta National Golf Club . "  I am delighted and honored to be a member , " she said Monday in a statement . "  I have long admired the important role Augusta National has played in the traditions and history of golf . " The 80-year-old club , until Monday , excluded women as members , which drew fierce criticism from women 's groups . Rice is also a member of the Shoal Creek Golf and Country Club , which admitted its first African-American member in 1990 . Augusta National Golf Club admits first female members That was the year Augusta welcomed its first black member -- Ron Townsend , a Gannett television division president . In April , the White House weighed in on the matter of gender and membership in the club . "  The president 's answer is yes , he believes women should be admitted , " White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters in response to a question . President Obama believes it is "  up to the club to decide ,  but  his personal opinion is that women should be admitted to the club . " That same month , presumed GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney said , "  Certainly if I were a member , if I could run Augusta , which is n't likely to happen , of course I 'd have women into Augusta . " Rice , the nation 's top diplomat under President George W. Bush , had worked on President George H.W. Bush 's National Security Council staff and was a special assistant to the director of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1986 . The 57-year-old internationally recognized figure grew up in humble beginnings in segregated Birmingham , Alabama , and rose to prominence in academia and international diplomacy . She earned her bachelor 's degree at the University of Denver and a doctorate from the college 's Graduate School of International Studies . Celebration , surprise , humor after Augusta National admits first women Rice has long been affiliated with Stanford University , where she has been on the faculty since 1981 . She has written scholarly texts as well as two best-sellers -- "  No Higher Honor : A Memoir of My Years in Washington "  2011  and "  Extraordinary , Ordinary People : A Memoir of Family "  2010  . Rice is also a bit of a Renaissance woman . She is a concert pianist with a love of football . She has said her dream is to be NFL commissioner . She is a member of various boards , is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , and has been awarded 10 honorary doctorates . Earlier this year , she ruled out a possible role as a presidential candidate , despite leading a CNN/ORC International Poll for GOP presidential possibilities . Augusta National admits one of ` toughest ' women in business "  How many ways can I say it ? Not me , " she told Fox News in March . But her story resonates across the political spectrum . She reflected on her own American Dream at a Southern Methodist University commencement speech in May . There was "  a day in my own lifetime when the hope of liberty and justice for all seemed impossible , " Rice said . But a "  different America " emerged because of faith in the "  ideals of equality . " "  In Birmingham , Alabama , a little girl whose parents ca n't take her to a movie theater or to a restaurant -- her parents nonetheless have her convinced that she may not be able to have a hamburger at Woolworth 's lunch counter , but she can be president of the United States if she wanted to be , and she becomes the secretary of state , " she said . Augusta National no longer just a ` boys club '	The nation 's former top diplomat breaks into the clubby ranks of men at Augusta "  I am delighted and honored to be a member , " she says Augusta welcomed its first black member in 1990
London , England  CNN  -- The United Kingdom will send an additional 500 troops to Afghanistan in early December , bringing the British contingent there to more than 9,500 , Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced Monday . "  We must address the terrorist threat at its source , " Brown told lawmakers , adding : "  Our task is to prevent the Taliban from giving al Qaeda ... safe haven . "  Instability in Afghanistan can only increase the risk of conflagration where the rest of the world can least afford it . " Brown regularly links British security to events in Afghanistan and Pakistan , saying attacks on London and other British targets have been planned in South Asia . He announced in October the decision in principle to boost force levels , but said certain conditions -- including proper equipment for the British troops and more troop commitments from other countries -- had to be met first . The United Kingdom has the largest contingent in Afghanistan after the United States . The figure of 9,500 does not include special forces , said Brown , who declined to say exactly how many are there , but indicated it is more than 500 . Brown 's announcement coincided with the news that a British soldier was killed by an explosion in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , where troops have been entrenched in heavy combat with Taliban insurgents since July 2006 . The soldier , from the 1st Battalion , Coldstream Guards , died as a result of injuries sustained in the Babaji area , the Ministry of Defence said in a statement . Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in Afghanistan since the start of fighting in 2001 . More than 100 were lost in the past year .	British contingent in Afghanistan will be increased to 9,500 , UK 's Brown says Brown says troops must prevent Afghanistan becoming Al Qaeda safe haven UK has largest contingent of troops in Afghanistan after United States
CNN  -- "  Cruising " -- the word conjures up images of overflowing buffets , arm-wrestling at the soft serve machine and death by deck quoits . But there 's another side to this kind of travel that spits in the eye of the stereotypical deckchair-hogging cocktail sipper -- and that 's adventure and expedition cruising . It 's almost deceptive to call it "  cruising . " It 's truly "  adventure by ship " where the often exotic destination is as much part of the attraction as the way you get there . These floating adventures take the form of anything from five-star Champagne explorations to ambling along in a tramp steamer . 10 . Island safari , Hawaii , United States Extreme rating : 6/10 No , not the land of nodding Elvis Presley dolls and plastic grass skirts . Over at Big Island , adventurous vacationers can get aboard the Safari Explorer with just 36 others and , in between kayaking , hiking among volcanoes and dolphin spotting , engage in a mesmerizing ballet with manta rays . The cruise visits islands such as Moloka'i , a kind of frangipani fortress housing the true Hawaiian "  aloha " spirit , and Lana'i , where you can hunt and shoot and go horseriding . Un-Cruise Adventures , +1 888 862 8881 , from $ 700 per person per night . More : Best places to see the Northern Lights 9 . Across the Northwest Passage , North America Extreme rating : 6/10 Until only a few years ago , the fabled Northwest Passage was just a theoretical shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans across the top of Canada . For centuries , people died trying to get through and some of them are still there , buried in permafrost graves . Now , with changing climates , the passage can be completed with more confidence and your bragging rights enhanced without fear of death . While you 're there , you can visit the Inuit communities who 've lived on the ice for centuries . OneOcean Expeditions , from $ 600 per person per night . 8 . Through ancient Kimberley , Australia Extreme rating : 7/10 The 16th-century Dutch explorers would n't have a bar of it . Australia 's northwest is so inhospitable , it 's even a challenge for the local Njikena and Punaba people who 've lived there for thousands of years . But this remote and harshly beautiful part of Australia is the country 's adventure cruise hotspot . Its season is from April through to September , when the torrential rains have eased and water cascades off the plateau . Infested with crocodiles and spotted with possibly the world 's oldest rock art , the Kimberley is in danger due to unchecked oil and gas exploration -- you should go before it 's spoiled . North Star Cruises Australia , from $ 1,000 per person per night . More : 8 of the world 's cutest , coziest , wintriest scenes 7 . Pacaya Samiria National Reserve , the Amazon Extreme rating : 7/10 Sure , it 's the world 's largest river by volume but it 's also a major sea lane . You reach the departure point for the Amazon 's best cruising by flying to the city of Iquitos , Peru , and then making for the Pacaya Samiria National Reserve where the evocatively named Yanayacu  blackwater  and Ucayali  canoe breaker  rivers feed into the main body . Wildlife in the reserve include piranha , sloths , rare pink dolphins and lots of noisy monkeys . You can commune with the indigenous Ribereňos families who live along the banks before retiring to a luxury 24-passenger vessel to fry your piranha . Aqua Expeditions , from $ 700 per person per night . 6 . ` Jungle Book ' tour , India Extreme Rating : 7/10 The Brahmaputra River begins in the glaciers of Tibet before winding through India and emptying , 2,900 kilometers later , into the Bay of Bengal . While the cruise aboard the delightfully anachronistic 24-person Charaidew trundles along from Guwahati to Tezpur , you can sip local tea and enjoy mild Assamese curries onboard . A visit to the UNESCO-listed Kaziranga National Park , for elephant , rhino and  maybe  tiger spotting , is one of the diversions en route . Assam Bengal Navigation , from $ 400 per person per night . More : World 's 12 best shopping cities 5 . Into wild West Africa Extreme Rating : 8/10 The once war-torn republics that form a patchwork across Africa are opening up to seaborne tourists . Countries such as Angola , Sierra Leone and Congo are starting to recover from their devastating conflicts , allowing visitors to explore the former slave ports , wildlife sanctuaries and voodoo markets . Ramshackle villages along the coastal cruise route provide plenty of opportunities for eating , drinking , singing and dancing . Now may be the time to go : Increasing piracy in the Gulf of Guinea is making marine insurers nervous . G Adventures , from $ 600 per person per night . 4 . Following Scott , Amundsen et al , Antarctica Extreme rating : 8.5 / 10 When your neighbors come home from their heroic Antarctic cruise , chances are they 've been on a doddle across to the continent 's Peninsula . You can trump them by following in the wake of real explorers such as Scott , Amundsen and Mawson . Sail to the Ross Sea or Commonwealth Bay , where these blokes walked out into the white , and you 'll find the huts they left behind , still crammed in some cases with frozen 100-year-old kit . Landing at Mawsons Hut can be tricky , though . If massive icebergs the size of small republics do n't block your passage , the famed katabatic winds that blow up to 200mph threaten to push you back to Tasmania . Heritage Expeditions , from $ 600 per person per night . More : World 's 12 worst tourist traps 3 . Island hopping in the Pacific Extreme Rating : 8.5 / 10 The ship looks like a prop from "  Gilligan 's Island , " but the little 12-person Braveheart sets sail from Papeete for some of the most remote , uninhabited islands in the Pacific Ocean . Pelagic specks with names such as Vostok , Starbuck , Jarvis , Washington and Palmyra Islands are the objective for no other apparent reason than they exist . Finishing up in Western Samoa after 29 days , your objective is to have landed on 10 of these remote islands -- the company even offers a pro-rata refund if you do n't . Wild Earth Travel , from $ 1,200 per person per night . 2 . Ice-breaking to the North Pole Extreme rating : 9.5 / 10 It does n't get much more extreme than this  although see below  . Just 100 years ago voyagers to the North Pole received equivalent celebrity to the moon explorers Neil Armstrong and team in the 1960s . You could still choose to haul your sled over the treacherous crevasses , hummocks and sastrugi  ice obstacles  or instead get aboard the world 's most powerful icebreaker , the Russian nuclear 50 лет Победы  50 Years of Victory  . There 's not a lot to see en route as 340MW turbines push 25,000 tons of steel through the icepack up to three meters thick on the way to 90 deg N. Leaving Murmansk , in Russia , you 're back within two weeks . Quark Expeditions , from $ 2,000 per person per night . 1 . Down to the Titanic wreck , Atlantic Ocean Extreme Rating : 10/10 If crazy Clive Palmer 's vision comes to life , you 'll be able to sail on a replica Titanic in 2016 . But for a glimpse of life  and death  aboard the original 1912 vessel , you can get aboard a specialized submersible for an eight-hour joy ride down to the ship , 12,500 feet below the surface of the North Atlantic . Trips are intermittent depending on demand and various legal wrangles , but if the Titanic is off the menu , tours are also available to Bismarck  15,000 feet  or the Mid-Atlantic Hydrothermal Vents at a trifling 10,000 feet . Deep sea adventures are starting to compete with space travel as an extreme trip , with the likes of Sir Richard Branson considering ventures in this space too . Adventure Associates , from $ 5,000 per person per night  dive time approx eight hours More : Thrill seeker 's bucket list : 50 experiences to try before you die For the best part of the last two decades , Roderick Eime has been scouring the farthest , coldest , windiest , driest , wettest and least visited parts of the planet while reporting for newspapers and magazines . Strange for a chap who 's not so keen on discomfort . When not shivering , sweating or drying himself off , he is the editor of the Adventure Cruise Guide .	Cruising is n't all about sipping cocktails while floating serenely across the ocean Aqua Expeditions allow passengers to commune with a local Amazon family before frying piranha on ship Adventure Associates offer the most extreme adventure cruise experience
EW.com  -- It 's true â $ " she ca n't stop . If you 've been foolishly walking around 2014 thinking that The Year of Miley was well behind us , you 've been wrong : In an announcement made during Monday night 's "  Teen Wolf , " the world learned that it would be getting a "  Miley Cyrus : MTV Unplugged " special on Jan. 29 . "  Unplugged , " of course , is the 25-year-old MTV franchise that 's given us memorable performances from the likes of Nirvana , Bob Dylan , Jay Z , Korn , and dozens more . As with many of those earlier iterations , the network teases in a press release that the Miley edition will "  showcase a more intimate side of Cyrus and feature surprise guests for an unexpected re-invention of the songs that have defined her career , including several from her # 1 critically acclaimed album , Bangerz . " Should be interesting ! "  Miley Cyrus : MTV Unplugged " will air Wednesday , Jan. 29. , at 9 p.m. ET . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The announcement was made Monday night "  Unplugged " is a 25-year-old MTV franchise The show will air Jan. 29
CNNGo  -- As the mercury continues to drop in other parts of the world , here 's a list of places in Asia with the most sweltering winters . Bangkok , Thailand January average maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit The mercury may stay at stubborn highs in Bangkok in January , but if locals say it 's winter , we 're not going to burst their bubble . To truly immerse in the Bangkok winter spirit , hit the beer gardens , dine alfresco and go on weekend camping trips . Here 's our pick of 3 Bangkok beer gardens worth leaving the pubs for . CNNGo : Bangkok 's Best Eats 2010 Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia January average maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit Kuala Lumpur 's best winter weather usually falls in January , with the rainy season out of the way and toasty sunshine for most days . Many locals take to the streets during Thaipusam , a Hindu holiday of penance and thanksgiving that falls on January 30 . The street processions in Kuala Lumpur , led by a jeweled chariot , are quite a sight ; as are the worshipping masses at the Batu Caves near the capital . Alternatively , join the bargain-hunting masses at the city-wide End of Year Sale which ends on January 2 . Manila , Philippines January average maximum : 86 degrees Fahrenheit Monsoon-free , with average temperatures not dropping below 70 degrees , January is a great time to visit Manila . Most major towns and cities in the Philippines hold street processions for Santo Nino , the Child Jesus , throughout January . In Tondo , Manila , young Ati-Atihan performers will traditionally dance on the streets and the city will host a string of masses held for the patron saint . Singapore January average maximum : 86 degrees Fahrenheit Visitors to Singapore in January will find it hard not to run into one arts event or another . M1 Singapore Fringe runs from January 5 to 16 with free and ticketed performance art showcases on the lineup . Art Stage Singapore , which is held from January 12 to 16 at the Marina Bay Sands , is an inaugural art fair featuring exhibitions by over 90 galleries around the globe . CNNGo : Singapore Best Eats 2010 Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam Average January maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit Ho Chi Minh has tropical climes all year round , but those who want to duck the typhoons and rainstorms might want to visit in December and January , the start of the region 's dry season . The French colonial architecture along Saigon 's four main boulevards Dong Khoi , Nguyen Hue , Le Loi and Le Duan will be lit up in celebration for Tet festival  or Lunar New Year  starting January 26 . The Nguyen Hue Flower Street on Nguyen Hue Boulevard will open for a week from January 31 onwards . CNNGo : Indochina 's top must-see destinations Goa , India Average January maximum : 90 degrees Fahrenheit January is smack in the middle of Goa 's peak season so if you 're planning to visit , it pays to book a room well in advance . But visiting Goa when everyone else does has its advantages . The skies are mostly clear and the waters are placid from November to March , making it a prime time to hit the beaches and get your fill of water sports . CNNGo : Gone to Goa Phnom Penh , Cambodia Average January maximum : 88 degrees Fahrenheit January is one of Phnom Penh 's more pleasant months , characterized by less humidity and light breezes . Those who have done Phnom Penh 's pagodas , markets and museums might want to check online listings sites like Ladypenh.com to see where best to experience the city 's famed nightlife . Colombo , Sri Lanka Average January maximum : 86 degrees Fahrenheit The capital of Sri Lanka has balmy climes all year round , making it an ideal quick winter getaway . The Galle Face Green Promenade , which runs adjacent to the Indian Ocean , offers an unforgettable sunset-watching experience , while the Pettah Market is a bazaar to satisfy all kinds of shopping impulses . For all its attractions , however , visiting Colombo is not for the faint hearted . Although fighting between the Sri Lankan military and the LTTE  or "  Tamil Tigers "  ceased in May 2009 , the country remains under the threat of political violence and terrorism . Travelers should check for current government warnings before going . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	To truly immerse in the 90-degree Bangkok winter , hit the beer gardens and dine alfresco Kuala Lumpur 's best weather usually falls after the rainy season in January January is in the middle of Goa 's peak vacation season , so book a room well in advance
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Artist Robert West is proud of his connection to the Pullman Company . His grandfather , Allen Parrish , was a Pullman Porter and helped inspire some of his train paintings . Robert West paints his latest project in his Atlanta , Georgia , studio . "  When I was growing up , we would often take grandfather to work at the train station . I became impressed and mesmerized with trains through this experience . This passion ultimately led me to become a full-time railroad illustrator , " West said . The Pullman Company was one of the largest employers of African-Americans in the 1920s and '30s . It hired them as porters in railroad sleeping cars to assist railroad passengers and make up beds . These jobs were once highly regarded in the black community because they offered the opportunity to travel and better pay and security than most jobs open to blacks at the time . West says trains have an important place in African-American history -- from symbolism in Negro spirituals to a real conveyance for the mass migration of blacks moving to the North in the 1930s , '40s and '50s . "  Trains have so long symbolized hope , freedom and power -- what better metaphor could there be to represent our struggle and our assimilation into mainstream American life , " West said . Many of West 's paintings depict historical scenes with the now defunct Atlantic Coast Line Railroad , because that 's where his grandfather worked for many years . Watch award-winning artist on trains and history " West paints other trains , including the Steam , Gas turbine , Electric , as well as first through sixth Generation Diesel Electric Locomotives . He wears a conductor 's hat as he works . "  I think it 's important that all the cultures in the United States look back at our history by way of the railroads , " West said . "  It was through our contributions to the railroads , that also pushed us forward as a nation and as a human race . " West has been drawing and painting trains since the age of 2 . In 1973 , he decided to make railroad illustrating a profession . Through the years his work has won several awards in shows of national and regional scope . "  I 'm probably more of a visual historian more than anything else , because I conduct weeks , months , sometimes years of research prior to doing a painting , " he said . West has painted more than 500 original works , which have sold across the United States and around the world . Train enthusiasts are his largest market . "  When one looks at my paintings , I like for them to not only feel a sense of joy , but to feel good about times when times were happier , kinder , and gentler , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Robert West was inspired by family history to paint trains Artist 's grandfather was a Pullman train porter "  Visual historian " does a lot of research before painting
CNN  -- The three women and a child who were freed Monday after years of imprisonment inside a Cleveland house may have remained trapped had it not been for the efforts of a man who was visiting two women on the porch of a house across the street . "  One of the women I was with told me that something was happening in front of the house , " Angel Cordero , 32 , said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " on Wednesday . Cordero told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol that , seeing a woman screaming for help from inside the house across the street , he went to the door of the house and asked her if the house was burning . "  She told me no , that she had been held , kidnapped , for 10 years , " the Dominican man who has lived in the United States since 2011 said in Spanish . Cordero said that the woman had cracked opened the inner of two front doors but that the outer door was closed with a chain . "  I tried to open the door , but I could n't , so I gave it a few kicks , " he said . "  She succeeded in escaping through the bottom of the door , and once she had escaped , she remembered the girl and returned into the house , picked up the girl and left . And when she left with the little girl , she said , ` Let 's get out of here because , if this guy comes , he 's going to kill us . If he finds me here , he 's going to kill me and he 's going to kill you . ' " The woman , later identified as Amanda Berry , apparently was making reference to the owner of the house , whom police have identified as Ariel Castro , and who has been charged in the case . Castro held on $ 8 million bond Berry then crossed the street with her child , 6-year-old Jocelyn , and went to the house of Altagracia Tejeda , the neighbor Cordero had been visiting , where she called 911 . But Cordero 's job was not done . Once police arrived and began talking with Berry , the girl , dressed only in diapers and a T-shirt , began screaming , he said . "  I tried to control the girl , " he said . "  I tried to calm her until her mother finished with the police . " Police then entered the house at 2207 Seymour Avenue and escorted out the other two women : Michelle Knight and Gina DeJesus . "  They took Michelle and Gina out covered up , " he said . "  I did n't see their faces . " Cordero said that he has visited his friend in the neighborhood nearly every day , but had never before seen anyone other than Castro at the house across the street . "  He entered through the back , " he said . "  No one ever saw anyone  else  enter or leave there . ... There was never anything that would attract attention . " Asked if he considers himself a hero , he allowed that , "  I feel a little proud . " But , he added , "  the important thing is that she is alive . " Cordero 's account was corroborated by Tejeda , who is also from the Dominican Republic . Cordero said he is unemployed , having recently been laid off from his job as a tree trimmer for a power company . Another neighbor , Charles Ramsey , has received the lion 's share of media attention for his role in freeing the group . But Ramsey showed up after Berry had already escaped , according to Cordero . Suspect 's daughter : No monster in our blood There is no dispute that Ramsey also contacted police . "  Hey bro , " Ramsey told a 911 operator . "  Check this out . I just came from McDonald 's right ? So I 'm on my porch eating my little food , right ? This broad is trying to break out the f ----- g house next door to me , so there 's a bunch of people on the street right now and s -- t . So we 're like , ` What 's wrong , what 's the problem ? ' She 's like , ` This m -------- r done kidnapped me and my daughter . ... She said her name is Linda Berry or some s -- t. I do n't know who the f -- k that is , I just moved over here , bro . You know what I mean ? " He then answers the 911 operator 's questions about Berry , what she looked like and what she was wearing . "  Are the people that she said did this , are they still in the house ? " the 911 operator asks . "  I do n't have a f ----- g clue , bro . Like I said , I just came from McDonald 's . " The operator then asks him to check to see whether Berry needs an ambulance . "  She needs everything . She 's in a panic , bro . She 's been kidnapped , so , you know , put yourself in her shoes . " "  We 'll send the police out , " the operator responds .	Cordero responds to a cry for help from a neighbor Unable to open the door , "  I gave it a few kicks , " he says Amanda Berry escapes , then returns for her daughter "  I feel a little proud , " Cordero says
The rough sports he loved may have helped to do Kosta Karageorge in at age 22 . The body of the Ohio State University football player and wrestler was found Sunday in a Dumpster . A handgun was found nearby . Police believe he shot himself . His mother told police after he went missing last week that her son had sustained several concussions and suffered from confusion "  spells " in the past . They appeared to weigh heavily on him in the last text message he sent her from his cell phone . "  I am sorry if I am an embarrassment but these concussions have my head all f *** ed up , " he wrote early Wednesday . It 's not clear when or how Karageorge sustained the concussions . Ohio State football coach Urban Meyer told reporters Monday that he was told not to discuss Karageorge 's medical history . A team spokesman said Karageorge , a reserve defensive lineman who walked on to the team , had never played in a game and was never on a travel roster . Team physician Dr. Jim Borchers said Friday that the team was not able to discuss or comment on Karageorge 's medical care . "  We are confident in our medical procedures and policies to return athletes to participation following injury or illness , " Borchers said . The wrestling coach , Tom Ryan , told the Columbus Dispatch that Karageorge "  did n't have any documented concussions as a wrestler " during his three years with the team . Franklin County Coroner Anahi Ortiz said Karageorge 's brain will likely be tested for evidence of damage due to concussions . Body found while scavenging Karageorge had been missing since Wednesday after he missed an early morning football practice . Karageorge 's sister , Sophia , told Cleveland.com that he was upset about something Tuesday night and that his roommates said he went for a walk . Police , some on horseback , scoured the area around campus . Students joined in , posting fliers with Karageorge 's photo under windshield wipers and on telephone posts . Then on Sunday afternoon , a woman and her son scavenging containers came upon his body , Columbus police Sgt. Richard Weiner said . Police identified Karageorge by his tattoos . The school 's Athletics Department expressed shock and sadness over his death . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the Karageorge family , and those who knew him , during this most difficult time , " it said in a statement . After night fell Sunday , hundreds of students gathered on campus at a statue of Ohio State 's founder to remember Karageorge . They stood in silence , heads bowed . Meyer on Monday called Karageorge 's death an "  incredible tragedy . "	Kosta Karageorge 's brain will likely be examined for evidence of damage Ohio State coach calls the death an "  incredible tragedy " Karageorge was also a wrestler as well as a football player He died from what authorities believe was a self-inflicted gunshot wound
It starts with a tweet . The recruit has been slowly and carefully chosen from his local community -- perhaps at a mosque , or gym , or cafe -- by an al Qaeda recruiter , aiming to send a Westerner to fight alongside radicals in Syria . According to a defector from the ranks of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  -- whose stronghold in the Syrian town of Raqqa punishes smokers and insists women wear a veil -- the jihadist group runs a series of internet welcome chat groups to begin the process of indoctrinating and filtering potential recruits from outside Syria . The defector agreed to an interview with CNN but wanted to hide his identity , but his story was ratified by a witness and his extensive knowledge of life inside Syria under the ISIS . He fled Syria when two of his relatives were killed in the violence , and is now hiding in Turkey . He said that European recruits were more sought after and treated in a different class by the recruiters . "  There was special treatment for the Europeans , " he says . "  One British guy said he was called Ibrahim , then told me he was from Manchester . One asked my emir -LSB- his unit 's head -RSB- if he should fight in his own country , or come to Syria . He was told if God does n't give you martyrdom in Syria , then he could wage war in his own country . " Western officials have told CNN they are deeply concerned at not only the growing numbers of Western passport holders who have traveled to Syria to fight , but also the potential for more and more of these radicals to return to the West and continue that jihad through acts of domestic terrorism . Hundreds of British and French citizens have traveled to Syria , according to multiple official estimates , and several have returned . A Briton was recently convicted of terror offenses after spending time inside Syria with radical groups . U.S. officials have become increasingly concerned about American passport holders attempting the same , and anxieties have been amplified by the U.S. State Department confirming that Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , from Florida , became the first American citizen to die as a suicide bomber in Syria last month . Recruiters are the gateway from the West to ISIS . The first contact is made over Twitter , when the recruit might send a message to ISIS 's Twitter accounts saying "  Can I talk to Hakim , " for example , the source said . The Twitter account is then followed back , enabling a direct message to be sent with the e-mail address of the ISIS recruiter . The conversations that continue , the defector said , over Google Chat , Skype and Twitter , are extensively monitored by the emirs and supervisors of the recruiting unit . While the defector did n't speak English , he says he used online translating apps to talk to French and English recruits . "  There are questions I am allowed to answer , " he said , "  and then things I must ask my supervisor . Specific questions about religion . I have to get their permission to message anyone . I ca n't talk on Skype , as everything is written down , so they can monitor everything . " The defector added his supervisor often dealt with the European recruits . He said the online chats , intended to provide basic information about life under the ISIS caliphate , or strict Islamist state , lasted about two weeks , and sometimes each chat could last hours . He said some of the potential recruits asked curious questions . "  I remember one guy asked me for a video of a public execution " , he said , "  but one that 's not been put online before . Strange ones too about marrying Syrians girls . I got mad once when I was asked if someone could marry three or four girls . " When the recruit is ready to come to Syria , a different part of ISIS assists , and the defector said he was not supposed to meet those he helped recruit . He said the recruitment was first aimed at filling ISIS ranks inside Syria , and that the return of these radicals to their home countries was carefully regulated by the emirs , or senior commanders , of ISIS . Each recruit 's passport was taken from him on arrival and the defector recalls seeing dozens of foreign passports held in the same office , and overhearing one foreign recruit discussing how he might return home to act as a recruiter . The defector was himself jailed for one day by ISIS for overstepping the permitted topics of conversation with recruits , and says he fled Syria with the clothes on his back after his relatives were killed . He says he still fears for his life and has given his phone number to only three people . "  I did n't think ISIS lied to me , " he says , "  but they did play with my mind . "	Islamist defector says Twitter , Google Chat and Skype used to recruit foreign fighters West is concerned foreign fighters will return to home countries with terrorist plots Defector says foreign fighters are recruited over weeks He says one recruit wanted to see an execution video ; others asked about marriage
CNN  -- British supermodel Naomi Campbell called an ad campaign comparing her to a chocolate candy bar "  insulting and hurtful , " hinting that she might sue the company that ran the ad in magazines and on billboards . The ad featured a photo of the Cadbury Dairy Milk Bliss sitting on a pile of diamonds below the slogan "  Move over Naomi , there 's a new diva in town . " A spokesman for Cadbury told CNN Tuesday the chocolate maker never intended "  to cause any offense and the campaign itself is a light-hearted take on the social pretensions of Cadbury Dairy Milk Bliss . " Campbell , in a written statement sent to CNN Tuesday , said she was shocked . "  It 's upsetting to be described as chocolate , not just for me , but for all black women and black people as a race , " Campbell said . "  I do not find any humour in this , it is insulting and hurtful . " While she would not confirm online reports that she would call for a boycott of Cadbury products , she did say , "  I am considering every option available to me . " Cadbury spokeswoman Samantha Wothers said the ad was pulled before Campbell 's complaint and that the Dairy Milk Bliss campaign would end this week . "  Cadbury takes its responsibility very seriously indeed and we would never produce any marketing activity we felt might cause offense to any section of society , " Wothers said . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	"  Move over Naomi , there 's a new diva in town , " Cadbury 's ad says "  It 's upsetting to be described as chocolate , " the supermodel says Cadbury pulled the ad before Campbell complained , the chocolate maker says Campbell is considering "  every option " against the company , she says
CNN  -- Tiger Woods won his first golf tournament in more than two years , narrowly defeating fellow American Zach Johnson to capture the Chevron World Challenge title Sunday . Woods finished three strokes under par for the day , allowing him to leapfrog Johnson for the one-stroke win at the Sherwood Country Club in Thousand Oaks , California , according to the PGA Tour 's website . The victory was the 35-year-old golfer 's first since capturing the Australian Masters title in November 2009 . "  It feels awesome , " said Woods on his official website , tigerwoods.com . "  It was a lot of fun coming down the stretch . " The five-time winner was one stroke behind Johnson going up the 17th , before he birdied the final two holes -- including a 16-foot putt at 17 -- to clinch the title . "  If I do n't make that putt it 's in Zach 's control , " Woods said . "  That putt was huge . " Despite the disappointing finish , Johnson was quick to pay tribute to his rival . "  He made two great putts , " he said , in quotes carried by tigerwoods.com . "  You just tip your hat . I 'm proud of how I handled the situation and continued to fight . " Woods the hero as United States retain Presidents Cup There were 18 players total in the Chevron field , far fewer than in more traditional tournaments . Even so , the PGA Tour website noted that Woods moved up 20 spots in the Official World Golf Ranking with the win . Woods had reigned as golf 's No. 1 for a record 623 weeks between 1997 and 2010 , until his career stalled amid a slew of injuries and well-publicized reports of affairs that led to the end of his marriage . In October , he dropped out of the world 's top 50 for the first time in 15 years . The PGA Tour 's 2012 "  regular season " schedule officially begins the first week in January at the Hyundai Tournament of Champions at Kapalua , Hawaii . In April , Woods likely will be among those battling in the season 's first major , The Masters , which he has won four times .	Woods narrowly beats Zach Johnson to win the Chevron World Challenge It 's his first win since a victory at the Australian Masters in November 2009 Woods jumps 20 spots in world golf rankings with the win , the PGA Tour says
Vietnamese Coast Guard 8003 , South China Sea  CNN  -- It takes a long time to get to the middle of nowhere . For a contingent of almost 40 reporters , hours of waiting both on land and then at sea preceded a trip to one of the world 's most hotly contested areas of maritime real estate . The Vietnamese government had been at pains to keep this media trip under wraps , keeping print , online and broadcast journalists from Asia and the United States guessing as to the day and time of departure . That secrecy may have been for naught : at a pre-departure briefing we are told that while the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs has not formally informed its Chinese counterpart of the presence of journalists in the area , a Coast Guard official mentions that "  chances are " China knows about it . But depart we do , boarding a small coastguard support vessel Monday evening as the sun dies over Da Nang , bound for the disputed waters surrounding the South China Sea 's Paracel Islands , known to China as the Xisha Islands . China 's controversial installation of an oil-rig in these waters at the beginning of May sparked protests -- some of which turned violent -- in Vietnam and statements from a variety of world leaders , urging the two sides to resolve this dispute quickly and without bloodshed . One side , at least , appears to be in agreement . "  The Vietnamese Coast Guard are committed to resolving the situation peacefully , " says Hoang Tuan Anh , the captain of the supply ship upon which we hitch a ride . Strictly utilitarian , our sturdy ride boasts one 25mm cannon on its prow and two 14.5 mm guns aft . It is the kind of supply ship that every coast guard needs , and also houses a huge number of plastic 10-gallon jugs of drinking water , a galley piled with vegetables , and a bevy of live chickens under one of the exterior staircases -- supplies badly needed by their crew mates and friends on the front line . As the sun rises again the next morning , we 're still chugging steadily toward our destination , claimed by both China and Vietnam . Vietnamese boat sinks after collision with Chinese vessel Clear message A mid-sea ship change to CG 8003 -- and slightly less cramped conditions -- awaits us as noon approaches . By then we have reached the area where China had , earlier in the month , unilaterally planted a flag on this area of supposedly oil rich sea . The flag , in this case , was an imposing oil-rig that sent a clear message : the Xisha Islands are ours to do with what we will . No buoys mark the territory , and there is no landfall in sight : just a shimmering expanse of deep water , albeit one with the promise of fossil fuel riches beneath . As we arrive news comes that the rig -- run by state-owned oil company the China National Offshore Oil Corporation 's  CNOOC  -- has been moved : no small task for something as big and unwieldy -- yet politically volatile . The operation to move the structure began on Monday morning and was completed by 10.30 p.m. local time , just hours after our voyage began but , equally , hours before we arrived in the zone . Approaching the area , dots on the horizon become ships , which then become a flotilla -- or perhaps more accurately two separate flotilla -- of both Chinese and Vietnamese commercial and coast guard vessels . This mishmash of fishing and military vessels is all that remains of the flashpoint of a couple of weeks ago , and in a seemingly stage-crafted set of maneuvers dance around this expanse of utterly blue , clear sea . Aggressive foghorns It 's a lively affair , alternating between angry , static-y rhetoric that informs the Chinese that they are in violation of international law , and aggressive foghorns and sirens , raising a cacophony on this otherwise peaceful , sunny afternoon . "  I 've traveled out to these waters many times but recently the Chinese have been more aggressive towards the Vietnamese , " says Hoang , captain of the support vessel . "  I 'm proud to protect Vietnam . " The dance is supervised by the respective country 's coast guard vessels , who hopefully have too much sense to engage directly with each other . But hanging over the day 's events is the knowledge that just hours before , a Chinese fishing vessel had rammed and sunk one of its Vietnamese counterparts . No lives were lost in this incident but it is the first time that a boat has been sunk in this chapter of the often-acrimonious relationship between these two ideologically similar neighbors . As the afternoon begins to wrap up , one of the larger Chinese coast-guard vessel homes in on our ship , horn blasting incoherently as it attempts a little maritime brinksmanship . Nobody on board CG 8003 seems to be overly worried , although life jackets are donned as a fillip . Like a dog reaching the end of its chain , the Chinese vessel barks at us a few remaining times , before turning heel . Off the starboard bow , two other Chinese vessels harry a smaller Vietnamese fishing boat , pushing it further from the center of this disagreement which , if left untended , could have dramatic consequences for these two countries , key players in a region that is -- perhaps belatedly -- starting to buck under the weight of Chinese hegemony .	China , Vietnam dispute the waters around the Paracel Islands in the South China Sea Current tension came about after China moved an oil rig into the region This week a Chinese fishing vessel had rammed , sank one of its Vietnamese counterparts
CNN  -- Alex Caizergues toasts danger with a glass of bubbly in one hand and a clenched fist in the other . The Frenchman has good reason to celebrate after smashing the World Sailing Speed Kitesurfing record over 500 meters , reaching an average speed of 56.62 knots  104.8 kph  . The record was officially confirmed by the World Sailing Speed Record Council on Thursday . "  This record was something else , " the ecstatic 34-year-old told CNN earlier in November . "  It was fantastic . " Facing fierce winds and unrelenting waves , Caizergues beat the previous record set by American Rob Douglas by 0.97 knots -- an effort achieved in a sport where danger is always lurking . "  It 's an action sport , so of course , it can be dangerous , " said Caizergues , who celebrated his achievement with a glass of champagne . . "  It 's as dangerous as any other sport like cycling and you have to be careful not to make any mistakes because it can end with bad injuries . "  I 've been lucky and only had one bad injury , which came in competition last season . " Ask Caizergues about his latest achievement and he gives a Gallic shrug and a small laugh , but this is no minor achievement for the Provencal-born star who has hunted down record after record . In 2010 he became the first man to break through the 100km/hr barrier -- an achievement which earned him no shortage of recognition . His latest triumph came in the salt marshes of Salin-de-Giraud where he was carried along by the Mistral -- a fierce cold wind which blows toward the Mediterranean Sea from the uplands in southern France . The wind speed can often reach up to 130km - making it the ideal place for breaking records . "  It is a very strong and powerful wind , " added the Frenchman . "  It blows really hard . We had speeds of 55 knots sometimes . The wind can be really wild and you have to be careful . "  We 've had days when its almost 60 knots and that can be too much . " After taking up the sport 12 years ago , Caizergues has excelled by winning three world titles and two national championships and he now plans to break more records . But before that , he plans a celebration -- or two -- with that champagne . "  The team have worked with me throughout this record and they deserve to celebrate , " he added . "  Everyone has worked so hard to make this happen and I want to enjoy it with them . "	Alex Caizergues sets new world speed kitesurfing record Frenchman broke record over 500 meters after averaging 56.62 knots Run aided by the Mistral -- a fierce cold wind which blows down south of France coast Caizergues now looking forward to next run in fierce conditions
Tehran  CNN  -- Iran 's top cleric has blamed the CIA and Mossad , Israel 's intelligence agency , for killing an Iranian nuclear scientist , Iran 's state broadcaster said . Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan , who died Wednesday , was the third Iranian nuclear scientist in two years to be killed by what Iran described as a magnetic bomb attached to his car . A fourth survived a similar assassination attempt . Roshan 's death shows that "  the global arrogance spearheaded by the U.S. and Zionism has reached a deadlock in confrontation with the determined , devout and progressive nation of Islamic Iran , " Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was quoted as saying by the state-run Press TV . Those responsible will not own up , Khamenei said , but the attack "  has been carried out by the planning or support of CIA and Mossad -LSB- spy -RSB- services , like all other crimes of the network of international state terrorism . " Khamenei ended his message of condolence with a warning : "  We shall persist in punishing the perpetrators of this crime , as well those supporting them behind the scenes . " Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad sent his condolences Friday to the families of Roshan and his driver , who also died following the attack , the state-run IRNA news agency reported . He pointed the finger at "  agents of imperialism and international Zionism , " a reference to Israel . Other Iranian officials also blamed the killings on Israel and the United States , both of which have accused Tehran of pursuing a nuclear bomb -- a claim it denies . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  categorically " denied any role in the attacks , but urged Iran to halt its quest for a nuclear bomb . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta reiterated that message Thursday , telling troops in Texas : "  We were not involved in any way -- in any way -- with regards to the assassination that took place there . "  I 'm not sure who was involved , we have some ideas as to who might be involved ... but I can tell you one thing : the United States was not involved in that kind of effort , that 's not what the United States does . " Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces , said on his Facebook page Wednesday : "  I have no idea who targeted the Iranian scientist but I certainly do n't shed a tear . " United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon strongly condemned any terrorist action or assassination of anyone , "  whether scientist or civilian . " "  It is not acceptable , " he said via his spokesman Eduardo del Buey . "  Human rights must be protected . " Meanwhile , a newspaper aligned with Khamenei called Thursday for the Islamic republic to respond in kind to the killings of its nuclear scientists , suggesting Israeli officials could be targeted . The editor of Tehran daily Kayhan , considered the organ of Khamenei 's supporters , questioned why Iran should not "  exercise its legal right to retaliate . " Mohammad Khazaee , Iran 's ambassador to the United Nations , said the assassinations of scientists were intended to deprive Iranians of the right to peaceful nuclear energy . "  We believe that these terrorist attacks are supported by some elements -- especially within the Israeli regime as well as some quarters around the world , " he said . Iran says its nuclear program is aimed at producing civilian energy , not weapons . But it has rebuffed international demands to halt its enrichment of uranium , and the International Atomic Energy Agency says it has credible evidence that Iran has conducted weapons-related research . The IAEA , which serves as the U.N. nuclear watchdog , reported in November that it can no longer verify that the Iranian nuclear program remains peaceful . The scientist 's death comes as Western powers and Japan are tightening the screws on Tehran . Japan announced Thursday it was prepared to gradually reduce oil imports from Iran , which supplies about 10 % of its crude supply , while U.S.-led sanctions targeting Iran 's central bank are driving down the value of the Iranian currency and driving up consumer prices . At the same time , U.S. observers say a covert campaign of sabotage appears to be under way against Iran 's nuclear program . In addition to the deaths of nuclear researchers , Iran 's Natanz enrichment plant -- where Roshan was the deputy director for commercial affairs -- has been hit with a computer worm that Western analysts say has damaged about 10 % of the centrifuges used in the enrichment process . In the face of increased pressure , Iran has threatened to close off the Strait of Hormuz , the narrow waterway at the mouth of the oil-rich Persian Gulf . It brought down and captured a U.S. surveillance drone over its territory and claims to have arrested a dozen American spies , including an Iranian-American former Marine who was sentenced to death this week . The United States says he was wrongly accused .	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad offers his condolences to the victims ' families "  We shall persist in punishing the perpetrators of this crime , " Khamenei warns U.S. Defense Secretary Panetta : "  We were not involved in any way in the assassination " An Israeli official says he has "  no idea " who is behind the attack
Rolling Stone  -- The FX television series "  Sons of Anarchy " is known for its brutal depiction of biker life in the fictional town of Charming , California , but another hallmark of the series is its clever use of independent music . Its new soundtrack , "  Songs of Anarchy , " explores the program 's use of up-and-coming artists to convey the gritty reality of the motorcycle club 's members and those closest to them . "  I think sometimes of the music as a character in and of itself , " music supervisor Bob Thiele , Jr. tells Rolling Stone . "  The songs become the narrative . They 're moving the story and functioning emotionally like some of the characters would . " Thiele is a member of what he calls the Sons ' "  house band , " the Forest Rangers , who play on the majority of "  Songs of Anarchy " and have appeared in a few episodes . "  Sons " actress Katey Sagal sings on four of the album 's tracks , and Kills singer and "  SoA " fan Alison Mosshart joins the Forest Rangers on a cover of Louis Armstrong 's "  What a Wonderful World . " Despite music 's major presence on the show , producers have waited four seasons to release a soundtrack . "  Halfway through season two , we knew there was a soundtrack somewhere , but Fox is a big company and they had a little show called ` Glee , ' " says Thiele . "  It 's hard to measure up to that . " Adds fellow "  SoA " music supervisor Michelle Kuznetsky , "  I think that now is the right time , exactly . " And perhaps it is : season four is the highest-rated one yet for the series . The finale airs December 6 at 10pm ET on FX . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Songs of Anarchy , " explores "  Sons of Anarchy 's " use of up-and-coming artists Forest Rangers , who play on the majority of "  Songs of Anarchy , " have appeared in episodes "  SoA " fan Alison Mosshart joins the Forest Rangers on a cover of "  What a Wonderful World "
CNN  Imagine boarding your next flight and having the entire cabin to yourself . In this age of overstuffed planes , where we squeeze our bodies into cramped seats and jockey for overhead bin space , it sounds like a dream -- one that would never happen . But it did -- sort of -- on Monday for a man who boarded a long-delayed Delta Airlines flight from Cleveland to New York to find that all his fellow passengers had been rebooked on other flights . The man , Chris O'Leary of New York City , did what most of us would probably do . He chose an aisle seat near the front of the plane and stretched out . He chuckled at the absurdity of his situation . And he got a flight attendant to snap pictures of him , with rows of empty seats in the background . Then he began tweeting . "  They rebooked everyone but me on another flight to LGA , so I am literally the only person on this plane , " he posted . "  No , I 'm not joking , " he tweeted a few minutes later . "  I 'm the only one on this plane . " The rare situation was caused by bad weather , which caused several flight delays in the Northeast . O'Leary 's Flight 6259 , which normally seats 76 people , was delayed for six hours , and somehow he missed out on being rebooked . Often , an airline will cancel a near-empty flight . But Delta Airlines told KABC , a CNN affliliate , that it needed to get O'Leary 's plane to New York 's La Guardia Airport for flights later in the day . The most annoying types of airline passengers As it turned out , O'Leary was not the only passenger on the flight . The plane was about to push back when , at the last minute , another man hopped on . The two did n't keep each other company , however . O'Leary told ABC News the other guy reclined his seat and slept most of the way . Even so O'Leary , a media strategist and editor of a beer-lovers ' website , wo n't forget his semi-private jet ride anytime soon . "  It was definitely the most memorable flight I 've been on in recent memory if only for the sheer lack of passengers to become bothersome , " he told ABC News . "  There were no screaming babies , no one listening to loud lyrics or reclining their seats or taking off their shoes . " How bad was 2014 for air travel ?	Chris O'Leary was only passenger on a Cleveland-New York flight until the last minute "  No , I 'm not joking , " he tweeted . "  I 'm the only one on this plane " The plane was delayed by weather , and most passengers had rebooked other flights
The Hollywood Reporter  Stan Freberg , whose freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim and whose satirical entertainments abounded on TV , the radio and on records , has died . He was 88 . Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital , his son and daughter , Donavan and Donna Freberg , confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter . "  He was and will always be my hero , and I will carry his brilliant legacy forward as best I am able , " his son wrote on Facebook . The godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials , Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "  guerilla satirist . " The New York Times dubbed him the "  Che Guevara of advertising , " and years later , "  Weird Al " Yankovic called him a major influence on his career . "  Very sad to say that one of my absolute all-time heroes has just passed away , " Yankovic wrote on Twitter . "  RIP Stan Freberg . A legend , an inspiration , and a friend . " Freberg also was known for his musical parodies . "  Wun ` erful Wun ` erful , " his 1957 spoof of "  champagne music " -- on which he collaborated with orchestra leader Billy May -- lampooned "  The Lawrence Welk Show . " He also parodied Johnnie Ray 's hit "  Cry , " which Freberg rendered as "  Try . "  Ray was quite angry until he realized Freberg was fueling sales of his record . The Los Angeles native had hit records of his own , including "  St. George and the Dragonet , " a 1953 send-up of the series "  Dragnet . " His recordings were so popular that he landed his own radio program in 1954 , "  That 's Rich . " Three years later , he presented "  The Stan Freberg Show " on CBS Radio , where he regularly mocked commercials by advertising bogus products . Hollywood Reporter : "  Mad Men 's " return He won a Grammy Award in 1959 for best performance , documentary or spoken word for "  The Best of the Stan Freberg Shows . " Earlier in the 1950s , Freberg helped create and write the Emmy Award-winning comedy "  Time for Beany , " also working with puppets and performing on the show . Its droll , off-the-wall humor appealed to fans including Albert Einstein . During Beany 's early gestation , he and the other writers had no office , so they wrote in coffee shops at night as well as in an "  office " in a condemned building . Not surprisingly , Freberg ruffled institutional feathers . Capitol Records balked at releasing his satires of radio-TV personality Arthur Godfrey and Ed Sullivan 's variety show "  Toast of the Town . " Hollywood Reporter : "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " -- the untold story Freberg disdained the hard sell . He created such classic comic ad capers as "  Nine out of 10 doctors recommend Chun King Chow Mein , " and his Jeno 's Frozen Pizza campaign featured the Lone Ranger and Tonto . He skewered the greed of the ad business in "  Green Chri $ tma $ , which criticized the over-commercialization of the holiday . In 1958 , Freberg opened his own ad agency , Freberg Ltd. . His slogan was "  More Honesty Than the Client Had in Mind , " and he even had a corporate motto : "  Ars Gratia Pecuniae "  Art of the Sake of Money  . Freberg , whose inspirations were Jack Benny , Fred Allen and Norman Corwin , worked in cartoons for decades , starting in the 1940s . He provided the voice for Junyer Bear in the 1948 Chuck Jones Looney Tunes cartoon "  What 's Brewin ' , Bruin , " and he famously played the three pigs , the wolf and the singing narrator in another Looney Tunes classic , 1957 's "  Three Little Bops . " He teamed often at Warner Bros. with the great Mel Blanc . Freberg also was the voice of Beaver in Disney 's "  Lady and the Tramp "  1955  . For the feature Looney Tunes , "  Back in Action "  2003  , he was heard as a baby bear . Survivors also include his wife , Hunter , and a granddaughter . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Stan Freberg was famed comedian , song parodist He later became adman , did a number of outrageous commercials "  Weird Al " Yankovic : " A legend , an inspiration , and a friend "
CNN  -- Users spent just 3.3 minutes on Google + in January compared to 7.5 hours for Facebook , according to a new comScore report . The gulf between usage on G + and Facebook has always been large , but comScore 's numbers show a downward trend for Google 's fledgling social network . Users spent 4.8 minutes on the network in December and 5.1 minutes in November , the report said . The usage figures come after Google has trotted out some impressive stats outlining Google + 's growth . In a call with analysts last month , Google CEO Larry Page said Google + had 90 million users compared to 40 million in October . Reps from Google could not be reached for comment on the report . In the past , Google has taken issue with third-party reports about Google + , noting that they do n't track users who access the site remotely , among other factors .  ComScore does n't include mobile users in its data , though it plans to soon . Google is putting a huge amount of emphasis on Google + . Last April , Page told employees that 25 % of their annual bonuses would be tied to the company 's social strategy that year , which primarily involved the yet-to-be-announced Plus . The company also integrated Google + results into searches in January , a program it calls "  Google Plus Your World . " Despite the latest report , though , there 's some encouraging news for Google : Website-Monitoring crunched the numbers this month and found that Google + is getting less male dominated and is catching on big in India , where 13.69 % of Plussers now originate . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Users spent only a little over 3 minutes on Google + in January , according to a new report That 's compared to 7.5 hours for Facebook Google says its social network has at least 90 million users
NEW YORK  CNN  -- While President Obama takes plenty of heat over his plans to overhaul domestic policies , critics have also taken aim at his foreign policy approach , particularly as it relates to human rights around the globe . Human Rights Watch advocacy director Tom Malinowski says Obama should have met with the Dalai Lama . Human Rights Watch advocacy director Tom Malinowski said Wednesday that while the administration appeared to have "  gotten the balance right " on Myanmar , the military junta-ruled Asian nation formerly known as Burma , by starting a dialogue while maintaining sanctions , "  China is a different matter . " "  And that 's where we 've seen the tension play out in the most acute way , with several signals that have been sent suggesting that the administration is putting human rights issues to one side , " Malinowski said on CNN 's "  Amanpour . " "  And most recently , the , I think , symbolic mistake of the president declining to meet the Dalai Lama before his own visit to China later next month . " Watch the discussion " The Tibetan spiritual leader , who fled to India in 1959 and established a government in exile there , visited the United States earlier this month . China considers Tibet a renegade province and accuses the Dalai Lama of inciting violence . The timing of a presidential meeting with the Dalai Lama is considered largely symbolic , and Malinowski said the president 's delay "  sent a message to the Chinese government that perhaps this is n't as high a priority for the United States as it has been in the past . " Malinowski also criticized the U.S. special envoy to Sudan , retired Air Force Maj. J. Scott Gration , who had suggested wooing the Sudanese government with "  cookies " and "  gold stars , smiley faces , handshakes , agreements , talk , engagement " to change its attitude about Darfur , where genocide and famine have killed hundreds of thousands of people . "  It 's a really dumb thing to say , " said Malinowski , who previously served in the administration of President Clinton . "  Governments like this , they are not children , and they do not react to cookies and gold stars , " he said . "  They act on their interests , and historically , as you know from Bosnia , to all the places where we have successfully defeated this kind of violence , governments respond to pressure . " Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , a candidate for re-election next year , has been indicted on war-crimes charges by the International Criminal Court . Despite Gration 's comments , the Obama administration has not yet articulated a Sudan policy . But Louise Arbour , president of the International Crisis Group and a former U.N. human rights commissioner , told "  Amanpour " that talking rather than pressuring governments over human rights can be beneficial . "  If you have a policy of engagement , which I think very much is the one put forward by the Obama administration , you may give an impression that you 're softening , " said Arbour , who is also a former war crimes prosecutor . "  It 's very easy to look tough , right ? You do n't talk to anybody , you repudiate everything , you slam all the doors and you accomplish nothing , or very little . And we have a lot of precedence for that . "  When you have a policy of reinforcing diplomatic initiatives , engagement , it may look soft , because you have to put on the table a multiplicity of issues , not just a single one . But on balance , I think there 's more chance on some of these ... all important initiatives than just by looking tough and achieving nothing . " Arbour added , however , that the engagement approach to human rights abuses will not create fast change from the abusive regimes . Noting the glacial pace of transformation in Myanmar , where democracy advocate Aung San Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate , has been held under house arrest for nearly two decades , Arbour said "  it 's going to be very slow . " "  You ca n't have 20 years of extremely adversarial , confrontational posturing , and then say , well , we 're ready to talk and be friendly , and assume that the other side 's going to roll over , " she said . "  It 's just not going to work that way . " "  There have to be very slow processes , but I think Aung San Suu Kyi herself has been encouraging more engagement . She wants to have contact with the junta and with foreigners , and it 's happening . These are small steps . They 're certainly in the right direction . "	Good start in Myanmar , China problematic , says Human Rights Watch official He also criticizes the U.S. special envoy to Sudan for "  dumb " remarks Ex-U.N. official says Obama 's strategy has more chance of accomplishment
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge has upheld a nearly 15-year-old murder conviction despite a former judge 's claim that his own racial bias caused him to wrongly convict the defendant , according to court documents . New York City Criminal Court Judge ShawnDya L. Simpson ruled Wednesday that there was no evidence that former New York Supreme Court Judge Frank Barbaro acted with bias toward the defendant when the verdict was rendered . The case was revisited after Barbaro , a longtime champion of civil rights , said he believed that he denied a fair trial to a white man who claimed he killed a black man in self-defense . In a bench trial in October 1999 , Donald Kagan said he was acting in self-defense when he shot Wavell Wint , 23 , during a confrontation at a Brooklyn movie theater 11 months before . "  The evidence demonstrates that Justice Barbaro applied considerable effort in his deliberations and issued a written decision , " Simpson said in the decision . Simpson ruled that Barbaro 's claims of bias and prejudice were "  mere afterthoughts or second guesses . " Simpson wrote that was it troubling that it took Barbaro 13 years to "  express his concern that he may have been biased and prejudice . " The verdict , she ruled , should only be vacated with "  compelling and credible evidence that the fact finder acted improperly as a matter of law . " On the issues of Kagan 's proclaimed innocence , Simpson wrote that Kagan failed to meet his "  burden of establishing by clear and convincing evidence that he is actually innocent for the crimes he was convicted . " Barbaro , who is white , found Kagan guilty of second-degree murder and criminal possession of a weapon . Kagan was sentenced to 15 years to life in prison , where he remains today . Testifying during a December hearing on a motion to set aside the conviction , the former judge said he was convinced at the time that the defendant who stood before him was a racist who wanted to kill a black person . As a result , Barbaro says , he ignored evidence that Kagan had acted out of fear and not hatred . Barbaro , now 86 , said in an exclusive interview with CNN this year , "  I could n't get out of my mind the look on the lawyer 's face when I said I found him guilty . And the defendant on the stand , like he was pleading to me , ` It just happened , it just happened , ' and that was sort of haunting me . " Barbaro told CNN on Thursday that he is very disappointed with Simpson 's decision . "  I believe she made a terrible error , " he said . "  I think the facts were so clear . Judge Simpson did n't give any credence to the fact that I said I made a mistake , and that 's very disappointing . It 's sad . " Kagan 's lawyer , Richard Mischel , said he plans to appeal Simpson 's decision . "  We believe in the merits of the motion , and we 're going to proceed with an appeal as far as necessary to vindicate Mr. Kagan 's rights , " he said . Mischel said that Kagan has a parole board hearing October 14 and that they plan to go ahead with the appeal , even if he is released . "  It 's not just about getting him out of jail ; it 's about rectifying a wrong , " Mischel said . CNN 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	A murder conviction against Donald Kagan is upheld by New York judge Judge in 1999 case shed doubt on the murder conviction he handed down He now says he was racially biased against the defendant , prompting review
Washington  CNN  -- A Marine who defied orders and braved a blizzard of enemy fire to recover wounded and dead fellow American and Afghan troops during a six-hour firefight in Afghanistan received the Medal of Honor Thursday from President Barack Obama . "  I know that you 've grappled with the grief of that day , that you have said that your efforts were somehow a failure because your teammates did n't come home , " Obama told Dakota Meyer , who became the first living Marine to be recognized with the nation 's highest military honor for actions in Afghanistan or Iraq . "  But , as your commander-in-chief , I want you to know it 's quite the opposite . You did your duty above and beyond , and you kept the faith with the highest traditions of the Marine Corps that you love . " "  The award honors the men who gave their lives that day , and the men who were in that fight , " Meyer said , according to a Marine newsletter . "  I did n't do anything more than any other Marine would . I was put in an extraordinary circumstance , and I just did my job . " The incident began before dawn on September 8 , 2009 , as a patrol made up of Afghan forces and their American trainers were making their way on foot up a narrow valley in Kunar province to meet with elders in a village . Meyer was about a mile away when Taliban fighters ambushed the patrol , firing from three sides , Obama said . Meyer and Staff Sgt. Juan Rodriguez-Chavez could hear the ambush over the radio as the Taliban fighters unleashed a firestorm from nearby hills , Obama said . Soon a number of men were killed and several Afghans and Americans were pinned down , including four members of Meyer 's team , Obama said . "  Four times , Dakota and Juan asked permission to go in ; four times they were denied , " Obama said . "  It was , they were told , too dangerous . " But Meyer and Rodriguez-Chavez left their relatively safe location and jumped into a Humvee , with Meyer manning a gun in the turret , his body and head fully exposed to a rain of fire from AK-47s , machine guns , mortars and rocket-propelled grenades , Obama said . As they reached wounded Afghan soldiers , Meyer jumped out and loaded them into the Humvee , then drove them back to safety , Obama said . "  Those who were there called it the most intense combat they had ever seen , " the president said . For a second time , the men drove back into the hail of fire to pick up more wounded Afghans ; when one gun jammed , Meyer and Rodriguez-Chavez switched to another vehicle , Obama said . On their third trip , they found a group of wounded Americans "  desperately trying to escape the bullets , " Obama said . "  Juan wedged the Humvee right into the line of fire , using the vehicle as a shield . With Dakota on the guns , they helped those Americans back to safety as well . "  Dakota later confessed , ' I did n't think I was going to die ; I knew I was , ' " Obama said . "  Still , they pushed on . " They made a fourth trip , and then a fifth . On the fifth trip -- now accompanied by others -- they reached the bodies of the four members of Meyer 's team . "  Dakota jumped out and ran toward them , drawing all those enemy guns on himself , bullets kicking up the dirt all around him , " Obama said . "  Dakota and the others who had joined him knelt down , picked up their comrades and , through all those bullets , all the smoke and all the chaos , carried them out , one by one . " Meyer agreed to accept the medal in their names : 1st Lt. Michael Johnson , Staff Sgt. Aaron Kenefick , Petty Officer Third Class James Layton and Gunnery Sgt. Edwin Johnson . "  I was a failure , " Meyer told CNN last fall . "  My guys died . That was my whole team . " Neither Obama nor the Marines saw it that way . A defense official with knowledge of the award process last fall said that just before he retired , the U.S. Marine commandant , Gen. James Conway , recommended Meyer for the nation 's highest award for bravery . The actions of Meyer , 23 , saved the lives of 13 U.S. Marines and soldiers and 23 Afghan soldiers , according to the Marines ' Medal of Honor account . He also is credited with killing at least eight Taliban insurgents during the incident . For his role in the battle , Staff Sgt. Juan Rodriguez-Chavez received the Navy Cross , the second-highest decoration that may be bestowed on Marines . Meyer , who serves in the Inactive Ready Reserve of the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve as a sergeant in his home state of Kentucky , said in November that he did n't want to discuss details of the incident because it was still difficult to think about . On Wednesday , Obama and Meyer had a beer together on the patio outside the Oval Office . According to a series of tweets by White House spokesman Jay Carney , when a member of Obama 's staff called Meyer over the weekend to prepare , "  Meyer made a special request . ... Meyer asked the staffer if he could have a beer with the president . " Meyer is only the second Marine to earn the Medal of Honor from the current wars . In April 2004 , Marine Cpl. Jason Dunham was leading a patrol in an Iraqi town near the Syrian border when a person in a vehicle dropped a grenade . Dunham hurled himself on top it , using his helmet to try to blunt the force of the blast . He died eight days later and received the honor posthumously . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	"  You did your duty above and beyond , " President Obama says Dakota Meyer is the first living Marine recipient from the current war theaters The U.S. military says Meyer saved the lives of 13 U.S. and 23 Afghan personnel Meyer had a beer with Obama on Wednesday
CNN Student News  -- February 16 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan • Georgia • China Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : As the three-day weekend was winding down , we were here at the CNN Center last night , putting together your Tuesday edition of CNN Student News . You know who I am ; let 's get right to today 's headlines ! First Up : Afghan Offensive AZUZ : Making progress , but there 's still a long way to go . That is how one reporter in Afghanistan described a military offensive there . The goal of Operation Moshtarak , which means "  together " in the local language , is for coalition and Afghan troops to work together in order to remove the Taliban from Helmand province . The militant group has a strong presence in that region . And this is the largest military operation since 2001 , when the war in Afghanistan started . It includes about 15,000 troops . And one thing they 're trying to do is draw Taliban fighters into combat . Commanders say they expect that to last a while . But one of the challenges in fighting the Taliban is doing so without hurting civilians . On Sunday , 12 Afghan civilians were killed when a coalition rocket hit the building they were in . Military officials said the troops were aiming for the right building ; what they did n't know is that there were civilians inside of it . Challenges Abroad AZUZ : The war in Afghanistan is just one of the challenges facing President Obama right now . Another one : Iran . Over the weekend , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she believes that the Middle Eastern nation is becoming a "  military dictatorship , " and she thinks that could be dangerous for other countries . Jill Dougherty examines that issue and some of the other global challenges facing the U.S. president . BEGIN VIDEO JILL DOUGHERTY , CNN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT : Two costly wars , an economy still reeling , no health care reform yet , and a political upset in Massachusetts torpedoes his Senate supermajority . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : We 're trying to , you know , bring some change that you can believe in . DOUGHERTY : With his change agenda bogged down at home , what hope is there for President Obama 's change agenda abroad ? DOUG PAAL , CARNEGIE FOUNDATION FOR INTL. . PEACE : When American presidents get weak at home , it really does affect their ability to act abroad . DOUGHERTY : In his first year , Mr. Obama visited 21 countries . His mantra : engagement , even with your enemies . HILLARY CLINTON , U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE : It 's almost hard to remember how poorly much of the world viewed the United States when President Obama came into office . DOUGHERTY : The secretary of state says she sees a lot of positive trends . But the score card , so far , is mixed . Iran still hounds its opponents and defends its nuclear program , now boasting it 's enriching its own uranium . North Korea still wo n't return to nuclear talks . The Mideast peace process is stalled . Even the president 's friends say America 's credibility is on the line . KING ABDULLAH II , JORDAN : I personally believe that the president is extremely committed to it , but we also know that America is dealing with many other issues internally , health plan , other issues . Massachusetts was , I think , something that hit the news . DOUGHERTY : But after the reset button was pressed with Russia , relations did improve . Moscow is helping the U.S. to pressure Iran and it 's close to a new arms control agreement with Washington . But in Beijing , cyber attacks against U.S. companies like Google , disputes over arm sales to Taiwan , and a controversial visit to the White House this week by the Dalai Lama have relations with China at a boil . Surprisingly , the administration does claim one success , in a war Barack Obama opposed . U.S. VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN : I am very optimistic about Iraq . I think it 's going to be one of the great achievements of this administration . ROBERT GIBBS , WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY : Putting what was broken back together and getting our troops home , which we intend to do in August of this year . END VIDEO Luge Accident AZUZ : When we recorded this show last night , the U.S. was leading the medal count at the 2010 Winter Olympics . But the Vancouver games got off to a tragic start . A 21-year-old Olympian from the Republic of Georgia , a country between Russia and Turkey , died in an accident on the luge track . A memorial was set up for Nodar Kumaritashvili . Just a couple hours before the opening ceremonies , he was on his last training run at the Whistler Sliding Center when he lost control of his sled and crashed . The International Luge Federation said the crash happened because Kumaritashvili did n't make up for a mistake he 'd made on his run . A lot of people are afraid this course was just too fast , and since the crash , Olympics workers have shortened it and made it safer by building up the walls near where the crash happened . Multi-Car Pile-Up AZUZ : It 's been relatively warm in Vancouver , but winter weather is taking a toll on parts of the U.S. Look at this pile-up that shut down a Kansas overpass on Sunday ! Unbelievable . Dozens of cars involved , traffic shut down for hours . There were injuries in this wreck , but everyone did survive . This is really interesting , though : We want you to take a listen to what it was like to be in the pile-up . SAM SKRAMSTAD , MOTORIST IN CAR PILE-UP : It happened too fast . It was just there and I headed for the guardrail and it did n't move . And then I just kept getting nailed . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Smith 's 7th grade class in Phoenix , Arizona ! How many animals are included in the Chinese calendar ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  5 , B  7 , C  12 or D  24 ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! There are 12 animals associated with the Chinese calendar . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Chinese New Year AZUZ : And we are now in the Year of the Tiger ! Sunday marked the start of the Chinese New Year , and this is actually year 4708 on the Chinese calendar . And as it began , China 's premier , Wen Jiabao , praised the country for working through the worldwide economic crisis , but he warned that this new year could be a complicated one . The traditional celebrations to ring in the Year of the Tiger were massive . Parades , performances , fireworks seen all over the country and in other parts of the world . Hundreds of millions of people across China traveled home for the holiday . That is why some folks believe that Chinese New Year is the world 's biggest , annual human migration . Mardi Gras AZUZ : Another big celebration taking place in New Orleans right now . It 's Mardi Gras ! What you 're seeing here is the Bacchus parade . It 's one of the many events that are part of the celebration . And the King of Bacchus , at least this year , is Saints quarterback Drew Brees ! The city of New Orleans is still riding high after their recent Super Bowl win . And the crowds came out to see Brees , who was the MVP of the game , and maybe catch one of the mini-footballs he threw from the float . Mardi Gras is a French name that means Fat Tuesday . It 's celebrated the day before Ash Wednesday , which is tomorrow , and that -- Ash Wednesday -- marks the start of Lent . Shoutout Extra Credit MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Which of these equations represents acceleration due to gravity on Earth ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  a2 + b2 = c2 , B  g = 9.8 m/s2 , C  a = pi r2 or D  E = mc2 ? Rewind the clock to three seconds -- GO ! Acceleration due to force of Earth 's gravity is equal to 9.8 meters per second , squared . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Math and Science AZUZ : So , can getting rid of gravity help inspire education ? One company thinks so , and it 's hoping students will too . Some folks are worried that the U.S. is falling behind in math and science because not enough students are interested in the subjects . They 're hoping that seeing this will change that . It 's a program where teachers float around in zero gravity and prove there 's a fun side to math and science . Brian Todd recently went along for the ride . BRIAN TODD , CNN CORRESPONDENT : How does it work ? We 're seated when the plane first starts to climb . Then , after we level off , we all have to lie on the floor of this padded cabin . We 're taken on a series of so-called parabolas . The plane makes a steep climb , then practically dives for about 30 seconds . We have to lie on our backs . We 're about to do the first parabola , called a partial parabola . We 're going to be at about one-third of our body weight when this thing hits its peak and then starts descending . When the plane dives , we 're at zero gravity . Promo AZUZ : Cool stuff . Well , you are looking at CNNStudentNews.com , and this is where you can find every show we 've done so far this school year . On the right-hand side of your page , you see where it says "  Archive " right in the middle there under "  Shows and Transcripts " ? You click that , it 'll get you to our archive ; you can see every show . We 're also available online on iTunes . Just search "  CNN Student News . " Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , check out one of those typical , college bonding moments ... when everyone runs at full speed at each other and then tries to nail everyone else with a ball ! It 's dodgeball , and what might be the world 's biggest dodgeball game ever . It looks awesome . It happened at the University of Alberta in Canada . With 400 balls and more than 1,200 players , we 're not sure how the organizers could really keep score of it . Goodbye AZUZ : We guess that when anyone asked , they just dodged the question . That wraps up today 's edition of CNN Student News . We will be back tomorrow and look forward to seeing you then .	Survey the largest military operation that Afghanistan has seen in years Take a look at some of the international challenges facing President Obama Get a glimpse of the roaring celebrations ringing in the Chinese New Year Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN Student News  -- October 2 , 2013 With the possibility of a partial U.S. government shutdown now a reality , CNN Student News explains why this does n't affect paychecks for members of Congress . We also report on some of the world 's most valuable brands . And after exploring the Spanish origins of some common English words , we make a Career Connection with a textile director and discover there 's more to the fashion world than glitz and glamour . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might a report on companies ' values be useful to a news audience ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . furlough 2 . brand 3 . tributary Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . About how many federal government employees were furloughed by the government shutdown ? How many continued working ? 2 . What are some English words that are derived from the Spanish language ? 3 . What are the main responsibilities of the textile director featured in the program ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think Congress and the president should take specific action regarding the government shutdown ? If so , what ? If not , why not ? What do you think might be the short-term and long-term effects of this shutdown ? 2 . Why do you think that some company brands have become household names , while others have not ? How might having a recognizable brand impact a company , its value , its shareholders and its customers ? 3 . Why might it be important to know the source and destination of a tributary or river ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Chesapeake Bay ; Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- With 25 million people in its path , Super Typhoon Haiyan -- one of the strongest storms recorded on the planet -- smashed into the Philippines on Friday morning . As the storm plowed across the cluster of islands in the heart of the country , casualties were reported , more than 100,000 people took shelter in evacuation centers and hundreds of flights were canceled . The storm brought tremendously powerful winds roaring ashore as it made landfall in the province of Eastern Visayas , disrupting communications with a major city in its path . With sustained winds of 315 kph  195 mph  and gusts as strong as 380 kph  235 mph  , Haiyan was probably the strongest tropical cyclone to hit land anywhere in the world in recorded history . It will take further analysis after the storm passes to establish whether it is a record . As the monster storm spun toward the Philippines on Thursday , President Benigno S. Aquino III warned the nation that it faced a "  calamity . " Category 5 strength Haiyan , known in the Philippines as Yolanda , appeared to retain much of its terrifying force as it moved west over the country , with sustained winds of 295 kph , gusts as strong as 360 kph . Haiyan 's wind strength makes it equivalent to a Category 5 hurricane . Video footage from on the ground in the Philippines showed howling winds bending palm trees and whipping debris down deserted streets . Gov. Roger Mercado of Southern Leyte , a province in Eastern Visayas , said Friday morning that "  all roads " were impassable because of fallen trees . He said it was too soon to gauge the level of devastation caused by Haiyan . "  We do n't know the extent of the damage , " Mercaod said . "  We are trying to estimate this . We are prepared , but this is really a wallop . " The typhoon was forecast to churn across the central Philippines during Friday and part of Saturday before exiting into the South China Sea . The storm is expected to weaken slightly as it moves across land , but forecasters predict that it will maintain super typhoon intensity throughout its passage over the islands . A super typhoon has surface winds that sustain speeds of more than 240 kph for at least a minute , according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Haiyan is so large in diameter that clouds from it are affecting two-thirds of the country , which stretches more than 1,850 kilometers  1,150 miles  . Tropical-storm-force winds are extending 240 kilometers from the typhoon 's center . iReport : Heavy rains as Philippines braces for typhoon ` Very real danger ' The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said Friday that one person had been confirmed dead as a result of the storm in the eastern province of Surigao del Sur . Authorities in Cebu said they were unable to establish whether a woman who was hit by a falling coconut tree in the north of the province was dead or injured . Neil Sanchez , a provincial disaster management official , said authorities had lost contact with the town where the incident happened . On Thursday morning , a day before the storm arrived , a 1-year-old child and another person died after they were hit by debris from a tornado in the southern province of Cotabato , authorities said . It was unclear whether the tornado was related to the approaching typhoon . Ahead of the typhoon 's arrival , thousands of people had been relocated away from particularly vulnerable areas in Tacloban City , which is situated in a coastal area of the region that bore the initial brunt of the storm . Communications with Tacloban , which has a population of around 200,000 , were disrupted after the typhoon struck . Video aired by CNN affiliate ABS-CBN showed streets in the city flooded with water and debris . In a speech Thursday , Aquino warned residents of the "  calamity our countrymen will face in these coming days . " "  Let me repeat myself : This is a very real danger , and we can mitigate and lessen its effects if we use the information available to prepare , " he said . Authorities have aircraft ready to respond , and officials have placed relief supplies in the areas that are expected to get hit , Aquino said . "  The effects of this storm can be eased through solidarity , " he said . Earthquake survivors vulnerable Authorities have warned dozens of provinces across the country to be prepared for possible flash floods and landslides . About 125,000 people nationwide were moved to evacuation centers Some of the most vulnerable people are those living in temporary shelters on the central Philippine island of Bohol . Last month , a 7.1-magnitude earthquake hit the island , which lies close to the typhoon 's predicted path . The quake killed at least 222 people , injured nearly 1,000 and displaced about 350,000 , according to authorities . "  This has been a quake hit area , for the past three weeks people are still experiencing aftershocks , " said Aaron Aspi , a communications specialist in Bohol for the charity World Vision . "  and at the same time these rains are giving them a really hard time . " "  Most of them are advised to evacuate to sturdy structures , " he said . "  But there are a few thousand displaced families in quake hit areas that are still staying in makeshift tents and now that the super typhoon is here it is really heart breaking to see them struggling . " Aspi said many peoples ' tents are drenched but they still too afraid to relocate to enclosed structures because of the aftershocks . Beach resort threatened Another island in the storm 's likely trajectory is the popular beach resort of Boracay . Some tourists there were cutting their vacations short to get away from the possible danger . Ross Evans , an aviation professional from Florida , said there was "  a definite urgency and panic " among the long lines of holidaymakers waiting for boats to get off Boracay on Thursday . Speaking by phone before his flight to Manila took off , he said he felt "  horrible " for those who may end up stuck in the storm 's path . Evans said he and his travel companions , who are leaving the Philippines two days earlier than planned , "  feel very fortunate to have the ability to make arrangements to be safe . " Situated near an area of the Pacific Ocean where tropical cyclones form , the Philippines regularly suffers severe storm damage . An average of 20 typhoons hit the archipelagic nation every year , and several of those cause serious damage . In December , Typhoon Bopha wreaked widespread devastation on the southern Philippine island of Mindanao . The storm , the most powerful to hit the country that year , is estimated to have killed as many as 1,900 people . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Karen Smith , Elwyn Lopez , Judy Kwon , Taylor Ward , Brandon Miller , Ivan Cabrera and Mari Ramos contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is really a wallop , " says the governor of a typhoon-hit province NEW : Casualties are reported , but officials say it is too early to asses extent of damage The storm is one of the strongest ever observed People left homeless by a quake on Bohol island are among the most vulnerable
