Beijing , China  CNN  -- There 's no reason China 's spat with Internet search giant Google should hurt relations with the United States , China 's foreign ministry said Tuesday . A day earlier , Google announced that it had stopped censoring search results in China . "  The Google incident is just an individual action taken by one company . I ca n't see it having any impact on Sino-U.S. relations , unless someone wants to politicize it , " foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said Tuesday . "  It is not the image of China that has been undermined , rather it is that of Google . " Google 's announcement came amid speculation that the search giant would pull out of China entirely . In a post on its official blog , Google said it stopped running the censored Google.cn service on Monday and was routing its Chinese users to an uncensored version of Google based in Hong Kong . The special administrative region offers more freedom than mainland China . "  We want as many people in the world as possible to have access to our services , including users in mainland China , yet the Chinese government has been crystal clear throughout our discussions that self-censorship is a non-negotiable legal requirement , " Senior Vice President David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer , said on the blog . Google hopes the move "  will meaningfully increase access to information for people in China , " Drummond wrote . "  We very much hope that the Chinese government respects our decision , though we are well aware that it could at any time block access to our services , " he added . Google said it would monitor whether access to the site is blocked in mainland China . Early reports from China suggested that the government was already restricting access to Google 's Hong Kong-based site , said Eddan Katz , international affairs director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation . "  We 've already heard indications that visitors to Google.hk are getting ` ca n't find page ' errors , " said Katz , whose group promotes free speech online . The company on Monday also launched a dashboard page , which it promises to update daily , that will show which Google services are available in China . According to the page , YouTube , Google Sites and Google 's Blogger apps were blocked Monday afternoon . Observers said Google 's actions amount to a withdrawal from China and highlights expectations that the government will censor search results . Ron Deibert , director of the Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto 's Munk Centre , which studies the intersection of digital policy and human rights , said Google 's move did n't come as a surprise . "  It 's become unsustainable for Google to operate in this environment , " he said . "  They 've made a decision that the risks are too great for them , so they 're going to pull out . " Google launched Google.cn in 2006 . That enterprise prompted complaints that the company was sacrificing Web freedoms by complying with Chinese censorship in return for access to a huge market . The company , whose slogan is "  Do n't be evil , " countered that operating in limited form gave Chinese users more information than than they would have had otherwise . Google also hoped its presence would advance online freedom in China . In January , Google announced that the company and at least 20 others were victims of a "  highly sophisticated and targeted -LSB- hacking -RSB- attack " originating in China in mid-December , evidently to gain access to the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists . The company said the attacker or attackers gained access to the header -- or subject-line information -- from the e-mails of two human rights activists through the Google network . Google-China move hurts businesses , academics In a speech on Internet freedom and security in January , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged China to investigate such attacks and accusations of government involvement , saying they raised "  very serious concerns . " China rejected the claims . "  Accusation that the Chinese government participated in -LSB- any -RSB- cyber attack , either in an explicit or inexplicit way , is groundless and aims to denigrate China , " the official Xinhua News Agency quoted a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology as saying . "  We are firmly opposed to that . " As a result of the attack , Google said , it was no longer willing to abide by the filters that the Chinese government demanded . Briefly afterward , Google.cn was retrieving results for sensitive topics , including the 1989 crackdown at Tiananmen Square , the Dalai Lama and the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement . But about a day later , search results appeared to return to normal . It 's not just China -- Google censors results elsewhere , too Advocates of Internet freedoms cheered Google 's move Monday . "  It demonstrates that a company like Google , with the business stakes in a market as large as China , can make the decision that free and open Internet is a better business alternative and a better ethical choice for its users , " Katz said . Internet users gravitate toward sites with unrestricted information , he said . "  This is an example of how the genie ca n't be put back in the bottle . " Deibert , who co-founded the OpenNet Initiative , said China might go further as a next step : blocking all outside search engines from accessing Web information in the country . "  If such a radical measure happens , that would have major implications for cyberspace as a whole , " he said . "  It would point to a more regionalized Internet " and perhaps embolden countries such as Iran to follow suit , Deibert said . Google.cn is the preferred search tool for about 13 percent of Chinese Web users , according to a state-sponsored survey . Baidu.com , a government-friendly Chinese search engine , dominates mainland China with about 77 percent of users , the survey said . Google 's announcement had been widely anticipated . Internet companies operating in China face a March 31 deadline to renew licenses to do business there , according to the Beijing Communications Administration . The blog post by Drummond said Google plans to continue research and development work in China and to maintain a limited sales presence there . In an apparent attempt to protect Google employees in China , the post said the decision was made by Google 's top brass in the United States . "  Despite all the uncertainty and difficulties they have faced since we made our announcement in January , -LSB- Google 's China employees -RSB- have continued to focus on serving our Chinese users and customers , " the blog said . "  We are immensely proud of them . " CNN 's John Vause , Doug Gross and Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	Dispute over censorship an isolated issue , foreign ministry spokesman says Google routing Chinese users to site based in less restrictive Hong Kong Decision fuels speculation that Google will pull out of China altogether China could block all outside search engines ' access to info inside China
CNN -- Fernando Alonso insists Ferrari will bounce back from Sunday 's controversial European Grand Prix . Events in Valencia saw Red Bull 's Mark Webber suffer a high-speed crash on lap ten , forcing the safety car to appear . Alonso claimed the race had been "  manipulated " after his title rival Lewis Hamilton , of McLaren , overtook the safety car but still managed to finish second despite being hit with a 20-second drive-through penalty . The Spaniard left Valencia 's street circuit frustrated after finishing in eighth place , securing only one point , and he later blamed the safety car incident for his poor finish calling the race "  unfair " for those who "  respected the rules and did n't overtake the yellow flag " . Alonso says he now regrets reacting "  emotionally " and for saying things that "  can be interpreted wrongly " . "  I was very angry about everything that happened , " he told Ferrari 's official website . "  But now that anger has been transformed into positive energy driving a desire to fight back . "  What I meant was that those drivers who , like us , respected the regulations , unfortunately , in this situation , suffered much more than those who broke them , even though they were given a penalty , " he added . "  And I am not referring to any of the drivers in particular . I was pleased to hear that the FIA has reacted promptly , calling an extraordinary meeting of the Sporting Working Group . "  I am confident , certain even , that all the points up for discussion will be cleared up in a comprehensive fashion . " Alonso now insists he has put the disappointment behind him and is now keen to get back to winning ways at the British Grand Prix on July 11 . "  Right from Tuesday morning , my mind was already focused on the next Grand Prix at Silverstone , where we will try and channel all that accumulated energy into the car to try and make up for what escaped us , for one reason or another , in Valencia . "	Fernando Alonso vows to bounce back from Sunday 's controversial European GP The 29-year-old says he regrets acting "  emotionally " after last weekend 's race Lewis Hamilton overtook the safety car but still managed to finish second Alonso is now confident FIA will act accordingly regarding the safety car incident
CNN  -- Thailand is a constitutional monarchy situated in the heart of Southeast Asia . Bordered by Myanmar , Laos , Cambodia and Malaysia , the country has a population of roughly 67 million people . The capital , Bangkok , combines the modern skyscrapers of a bustling Asian metropolis with the ancient temples and monuments of previous Thai civilizations , dating back hundreds of years . Bangkok : A tale of two cities Buddhism is the country 's major religion , although according to the Thailand National Statistics Office there are also minority Christian and Islamic communities . Thailand has a diverse landscape with a jungle hinterland in the north and beaches to the south . Thai islands in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Thailand are home to some of the region 's most spectacular beauty spots . Since the modern nation state 's founding in 1932 , Thailand has been served by a constitutional monarchy and is the only country in Southeast Asia to avoid coming under European colonial rule . The current head of state is King Bhumibol Adulyadej , who has reigned since 1946 , making him the world 's oldest serving monarch . The King is viewed by most Thais as a symbol of stability and a unifying force in what has often been a politically divided country . The extent of this polarization is borne out by the fact that Thailand has seen more than 18 attempts at military coups since the early 1930s . The county 's political climate has been turbulent in recent years punctuated with scenes of civil unrest and violence . In 2006 former Prime Minister , Thaksin Shinawatra -- a charismatic populist who drew the majority of his support from the urban working classes and rural poor -- was deposed and forced into exile in a bloodless coup . Post-coup elections in 2007 were won by allies from Shinawatra 's party , however Thailand 's Constitutional Court ruled that the three main coalition partners were guilty of electoral fraud . This decision opened the door for the leader of the country 's main opposition party , Abhisit Vejjajiva , to form a coalition government in late 2008 . Vejjajiva 's Democrat Party , which draws the majority of its support from Thailand 's middle and upper classes , found itself with a majority in parliament . A formal parliamentary vote appointed him as prime minister . Large scale protests against Vejjajiva 's government led by supporters of the political pressure group the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship  UFDD  , commonly known as "  the red shirts " , lead to large scale protests in 2009 and 2010 . The demonstrations turned violent in May 2010 when the military intervened to confront thousands of protestors who had occupied parts of Bangkok , demanding the removal of Prime Minister Vejjajiva . More than 80 people died while hundreds more were wounded . The democratic elections in mid-2011 saw Vejjajiva defeated at the polls and Yingluck Shinawatra -- sister of the deposed Thaksin Shinawatra -- elected as the country 's first female prime minister . In her first months in charge Yingluck has had to deal with a busy in-tray , including responding to some of the most severe monsoon floods to afflict the country in living memory . More than 300 people have died as a result of the floods and over 100,000 have been forced from their homes . Deadly floods wreak havoc in Thailand Yingluck has also had to remain attentive to an ongoing border dispute with Cambodia and a long standing terrorist threat from Islamic Malay separatists based predominantly in the countries southernmost provinces . In spite of these threats and the country 's volatile political life , Thailand has remained one of the strongest performing economies in Southeast Asia . Indonesia is the only nation in the region that has a larger annual output according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . Thailand operates a free enterprise economy and is generally pro-investment , according to data from the CIA World Factbook . It is a major exporter of machinery and electronic components , agricultural commodities , and jewellery . Combined , these industries account for over half of the country 's GDP . Another major sector for Thailand 's economy is tourism . The country is home to five UNESCO World Heritage sites . The Tourism Authority of Thailand has stated that it expects to receive more than 19 million visitors in 2011 alone . Given the extent of recent flooding however , with some internal analysts predicting that parts of Thailand may remain under water until early 2012 , this figure may yet be revised downwards .	Thailand is a constitutional monarchy that borders Malaysia , Myanmar , Laos and Cambodia The country has the second biggest economy in the Southeast Asian region Thailand has overcome political violence , military coups and natural disasters in recent years
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Making good on a threat of election day violence , the Taliban sliced off the index fingers of at least two people in Kandahar province , according to a vote monitoring group . Electoral workers count votes at a school in Kabul . After they cast their ballots , the fingers of Afghan voters are stained with ink to prevent them from voting multiple times . The fingers of the two women in Kandahar , a stronghold of the Taliban , were cut off because they voted , said Nader Naderi of the Free and Fair Election Foundation . The Taliban had vowed to disrupt Thursday 's election and the risk was too great for some Afghans to venture out , especially in the southern provinces that form the heartland of the radical Islamist group . Just days ahead of the election , U.S. Marines and other NATO forces carried out military operations to clear and hold sectors that have long been in the Taliban grip , and free up the population to vote . Sporadic attacks on election day killed 26 people and injured scores more . Still , Afghan officials hailed the voting as a success . On Friday , the European Union echoed those sentiments and congratulated Afghanistan for holding elections under what it called challenging circumstances . Watch how counting is under way in Afghan provinces "  While deploring the loss of life , we believe that the security measures successfully prevented any major disruptions of the elections , " the E.U. said in a statement . Preliminary results will be announced on a piecemeal basis from Tuesday to September 5 , according to the Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan . Zekeria Barakzi , the deputy chief electoral officer for the commission , told CNN that as of Friday , the counting was complete in 30 of Afghanistan 's 34 provinces . Barakzi said that after September 5 there would be a period -- which could last a month -- of accepting objections and complaints about the elections . A spokeswoman for the American Embassy in Kabul said the United States has "  every confidence that they  the commission members  will be able to finish this part of the electoral process in a transparent fashion " Meanwhile , the top two presidential candidates -- President Hamid Karzai and his chief rival Abdullah Abdullah -- positioned themselves as the likely winners in the race . Karzai 's campaign team claimed Friday he was on track for victory in the country 's presidential election , while Abdullah also said he was leading the vote . Their claims came as election officials said the results of the vote , seen as a judgment on the Karzai government 's efforts in tackling Taliban insurgents , poverty and corruption , would be rolled out starting August 25 . Meanwhile Abdullah , seen as Karzai 's main challenger , told Associated Press Television that he believed he was leading , characterizing the vote count as "  promising " despite what he described as sporadic "  rigging " across the country . Thursday 's election , the country 's second since the 2001 fall of the Taliban , was held amid a climate of fear as militants threatened to violently disrupt the process . Violence on voting day killed 26 Afghans and injured scores more . U.S. President Barack Obama offered strong praise Friday for the election , calling it "  an important step forward " in Afghanistan 's struggle for democracy in the face of ideological extremists . "  The future belongs to those who want to build , not ... destroy , " Obama said at the White House , adding that he was struck by the "  courage in the face of intimidation " demonstrated by the millions of Afghans who went to the polls .	Taliban slice off fingers of two people in Kandahar province , vote monitors say Taliban had vowed to disrupt Thursday 's landmark election Hamid Karzai 's team and rival Abdullah Abdullah claim to be on track for win Election officials say results will be rolled out starting August 25
CNN  -- Two cosmonauts and an American astronaut were on their way back to Earth from the International Space Station Saturday morning after engineers used jumper cables to fix a glitch that delayed their departure , NASA said . The trio undocked from the space station in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft at 10:02 p.m. ET , NASA said . They are scheduled to land in Kazakhstan on Saturday morning after spending 176 days in space and 174 aboard the station . An undocking glitch earlier had delayed the departure of Cmdr. Alexander Skvortsov and flight engineers Mikhail Kornienko and Tracy Caldwell Dyson . NASA said the opening hooks and latches on the docking port would not release . To resolve the problem , flight engineer Fyodor Yurchikhin installed jumper cables to a failed sensor Friday , allowing the hooks to open . According to NASA , a Soyuz space capsule took the first crew to the orbiting laboratory in November 2000 . After the February 2003 Columbia accident , the Soyuz became the means of transportation for crew members going to or returning from the International Space Station . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	A spacecraft has undocked after jumper cables helped fix a glitch The trio -- two Russians and one American -- are scheduled to return to Earth early Saturday NASA says the delay happened after hooks and latches on the docking port did not release
CNN  -- Life in the military "  damn sure is n't how Hollywood portrays it , " says retired Master Sgt. Mike Butler , who served in the Army for 21 years . So what is it like ? This Veterans Day , CNN would like to honor veterans by giving them a space to share their stories and tell us what it 's really like to serve their country . We invited them to share their answers to one simple question : What one thing do you wish civilians knew about military service ? Their responses run the gamut , from "  I would do it all over again " to "  I came home to a country who did n't really want me back . " They reflect 45 years of service , from Vietnam to Afghanistan and Iraq . And they come from a variety of servicemen and servicewomen in four branches of the military , from career soldiers to those who served a couple of years before moving on . Click through the gallery above to see what these veterans want you to know about serving , or view their full submissions on CNN iReport . And if you 're a veteran yourself , thank you for your service . We invite you to submit your own story for the gallery on CNN iReport .	Military vets share the one thing they want you to know Their experiences range from Vietnam to Afghanistan , good to bad Are you a vet ? Add your contribution on CNN iReport
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's military was quick to quash a newspaper report Thursday that quoted army chief Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi as saying he will run for president . The interview appeared in the Kuwaiti newspaper Al-Siyasa earlier Thursday . And in it , El-Sisi appeared to confirm what many have long considered a foregone conclusion : that he 'll run for president . "  The decision has been made , " he is quoted as saying . "  I have to fulfill the people 's demands . " "  We do n't have a magic wand but we will not tamper with the people 's dreams and aspirations , " he added . "  Let 's hold our hands together and work for the country . " Soon afterward , the army responded . "  What was published in the Kuwaiti newspaper Al-Siyasa is merely journalistic speculation and not a direct statement from Field Marshal El-Sisi , " it said in a statement . If he does run , El-Sisi will have to resign his military post . But with no clear contender , his chances of winning the presidency are high . He will become the sixth military leader to rule Egypt since its independence . The only one who was democratically elected , Mohamed Morsy , was ousted by the military on July 3 after months of mass protests against his rule . The interim government has not yet set a firm date for elections ; candidates can officially declare themselves on February 18 . A most adored man If one man can claim the title of Egypt 's most-adored , it would be El-Sisi . Many Egyptians speak of him reverentially . "  A hero , " or "  a man of respect " are some of the terms thrown around . "  If he could be my father , that would be great , " said a repairman who gave his name as Mahmoud . Last week , Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces gave El-Sisi its blessing to run , calling his candidacy "  a mandate and an obligation . " The same day , he was promoted from general to field marshal . He was defense minister under Morsy . Urging caution But not everyone is enamored . It was El-Sisi who announced Morsy 's ouster , sparking wild celebrations . It was El-Sisi who oversaw the appointment of Egypt 's interim leaders . Rights groups say talk of an El-Sisi run should n't be cause for celebration , but reasons to worry . "  One has to be a little more worried about a return to military dictatorship , " said political analyst Sarah Eltantawi . "  This country has been under military dictatorship since 1952 . Anyone during that period who tried to organize politically , democratically was jailed and stymied in one way or another . " Allegations of abuse The Egyptian army has long been marred by allegations of abusing its power . It was accused of beating and killing protesters who took to the streets to demand then-President Hosni Mubarak 's ouster . And when Morsy supporters demonstrated , the army was accused of doing the same . Furthermore , El-Sisi is the same general who defended the use of virginity tests on female protesters . They were meant to shield soldiers from false accusations , he told state media . Grievances gone But for many Egyptians , the grievances are gone . "  People 's livelihooods have really plummeted in the past year , two years , " said Eltantawi . "  They want stability and the only form of stability that several generations of Egyptians have had have been in the form of the military . " For now , like it or not , the military seems to be playing a central role in post-revolution Egypt where establishing democracy is still the stated goal . But the path to getting there is n't always democratic . CNN 's Reza Saya reported from Cairo ; Hamdi Alkhshali from Atlanta	"  I have to fulfill the people 's demands , " he says His chances of winning are very high He is Egypt 's most-adored man But activists are urging caution
Tokyo  CNN  -- Hammered by a nuclear accident at its Fukushima Daiichi power plant , Tokyo Electric Power Co. on Friday reported a net loss of 1.2 trillion yen  $ 15.4 billion  for the fiscal year that ended March 31 . Tokyo Electric also announced it will decommission reactors Nos. 1-4 at Fukushima Daiichi . It also has canceled plans to build two other reactors at the site . In addition to the company 's earnings , Tokyo Electric president Masataka Shimizu announced his resignation Friday , which must be approved by the board of directors at a June meeting . "  The accident compromised our confidence in the safety of nuclear power , " Shimizu said . "  We have caused problems and anxiety to the public . " Managing Director Toshio Nishizawa has been tapped to replace the president . "  We are facing the gravest crisis in the history of the company , " Nishizawa said . "  I feel the enormous gravity of the responsibility to assume the position of the president ... so I accepted the position . " Vice Presidents Sakae Mutoh and Makio Fujiwara also tendered their resignations , as did Director Tomijirou Morita . A restructuring plan was announced to boost company finances and help create more than a trillion yen in savings by selling off real estate , cutting pay and reducing staff . The Fukushima Daiichi plant has faced a series of setbacks since a magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami struck on March 11 . The disasters triggered a glitch in the plant 's cooling system , and caused radiation to leak . As crews work to bring the problems under control , the government said this week it would compensate more than 78,000 displaced by the nuclear disaster . Tokyo Electric has made a down payment on compensation of 1 million yen  about $ 12,000  per household to some families . Some analysts say total compensation could amount to more than 10 trillion yen  $ 124 billion  . The government has set no ceiling on the compensation and Tokyo Electric will be required to pay back the money spent out of a government-backed fund . The shadow cast by Fukushima Daiichi has inflicted yet-unknown losses on farmers , fishermen and shopkeepers . And looming compensation costs have darkened the future of Tokyo Electric , a $ 157 billion company that could still be driven into some form of government receivership by the nuclear disaster . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report	Tokyo Electric says it will decommission four reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant The company president and vice president announce their resignations Tokyo Electric hopes to save more than a trillion yen by cutting payroll and salaries , and selling real estate A March 11 earthquake and tsunami crippled the plant
CNN  -- His World Cup was brutally cut short by injury , but Brazilian star Neymar could yet end up a winner after the Barcelona forward was named on FIFA 's Golden Ball shortlist to decide the tournament 's best player . Neymar fractured his vertebra in his team 's World Cup quarterfinal win over Colombia , ruling him out of Brazil 's 7-1 semifinal defeat by Germany , who had four players -- Thomas Mueller , Philipp Lahm , Mats Hummels and Toni Kroos -- nominated . Germany 's World Cup final opponents Argentina had three players -- forwards Lionel Messi and Angel Di Maria as well as midfielder Javier Mascherano -- selected . Together with Neymar , who scored four goals in the tournament , Colombia 's James Rodriguez and Arjen Robben of the Netherlands complete the shortlist , with the winner to be announced after Sunday 's final at the Maracana Stadium . Italian Nicola Rizzoli , a 42-year-old architect from Bologna , has been selected by FIFA as the World Cup final referee , with the world governing body announcing the winners of Sunday 's match will receive $ 35 million in prize money . The best goalkeeper of the tournament -- the Golden Glove award -- is between Keylor Navas of Costa Rica , Germany 's Manuel Neuer and Sergio Romero of Argentina . The best young player of the 2014 World Cup will be contested between Memphis Depay of the Netherlands and Paul Pogba and Raphael Varane of France . Uruguay 's Diego Forlan won the 2010 Golden Ball award .	Brazil 's Neymar included on FIFA 's Golden Ball shortlist Golden Ball awarded to tournament 's best players Four Germans , three Argentines , one Dutchman and a Colombian complete 10-man list Diego Forlan won the 2010 Golden Ball award
CNN  -- Authors Po Bronson and Ashley Merryman have made a habit of slaying the sacred cows of parenting in their writing on child development . The pair made headlines two years ago in "  NurtureShock " -- their first book together -- in which they criticized the way many parents choose to raise their children . Bronson and Merryman have just released their newest work , "  Top Dog . " In two interviews , they shared some thoughts with me on strategies parents should follow to best ensure their offspring are  broadly defined  winners , not losers . I imagine many parents will find validation in their advice , while others may argue their definition of success is far too narrow . Please use the comment section below to discuss your take . How do you measure your child 's success ? Q : You say parents have a common misconception about their role raising children . Can you explain that ? Bronson : Parenting is not just about safety and security . It 's about expanding your child 's comfort zone . For example , a child needs to know he or she is safe , but after that , it 's OK for a parent to make their son or daughter feel unstable . Meaning , children have to get used to the frustration and jealousy that come from competition . Q : What do you mean exactly ? Merryman : We have placed too much focus on the importance of comforting children . There are still too many soccer teams that do n't keep score and give trophies to every player . Kids are n't fooled when adults do n't keep score . They know exactly who got what goal and who missed . Q : Why is competition so important ? Merryman : Research says what makes an individual successful is the development of agency . Agency is that inherent belief in yourself -- the ability to have a vision and know you can go for it . The alternative is to look over your shoulder to get your friends ' approval . Bronson : Healthy competition also teaches kids to stand up for themselves . They learn to be vocal . They learn to be comfortable getting attention . When they can be successful , competition also teaches children to circumvent the desire to quit . These are all precursors to what happens when they get older . Q : Not all children enjoy competition . Some kids shy away from it . What do you say to parents of these children ? Bronson : Parents can wire their children so they are ready to compete . One way is to make sure you never put your child in a competition they do n't have a fighting chance of winning . Merryman : Competition is not just about athletics . Competition could be a science fair or a spelling bee . In any competition , parents can help their children by asking them the right , open-ended questions : Do you need to work harder next time ? What could you have done to produce a different result ? The most important lesson for parents is to encourage their children to work through challenges in a problem-solving way . Bronson : Competition can also come from sibling rivalry . Q : What does that mean , though , for only children ? Are they at a disadvantage ? Bronson : The simple answer is yes . Q : Is there anything parents of only children can do to counter the vacuum of not having a sibling to compete with at home ? Bronson : Parents of only children should focus on group play . Instead of having one kid over for a play date , have two , or four , or more . This does n't mean parents always have to approach play dates this way . It 's not a rule they have to follow . It 's simply important to know about . It 's a great way to supplement what may already be working in a family . Q : What are some of the gender differences you 've discovered ? What do parents of girls need to know ? Merryman : Girls tend to develop friendships in pairs and believe relationships are threatened when there are winners and losers . Because of this , girls tend to play games that encourage taking turns , that foster sharing , that encourage feeling equal to one another . It 's especially important for parents of girls to make sure their daughters have enough competition in their lives . Bronson : Girls can also get competitive experiences just by playing in groups at home . Instead of having one girlfriend come over to play , invite a few . Q : What should parents know about their sons ? Merryman : Since boys grow up in groups , they live in an environment that automatically encourages competition and differences of opinion and ability . The challenge with boys is that they 're overconfident and they do n't pay attention to the likelihood of being successful . They ignore odds . Parents can help boys by teaching them to understand competition better -- that often winning will only come from working hard , not just showing up . Q : Finally , to raise a "  Top Dog , " what 's the worst mistake a parent can make ? Merryman : Doing too much for your kid and protecting children from failure . Bronson : Parents who think they 're helping their children by keeping them safe from losing may be inadvertently creating kids who are less capable of competing as adults . Parents must allow their children to fail . Children should be given the opportunity to connect the dots between winning and losing and that winning takes effort . Do you agree that "  Parenting is not just about safety and security ? " Share your take in the comments section below .	Po Bronson and Ashley Merryman write about the science of child rearing Their new book is about teaching your children to be competitive and successful One key to fostering success is to take children out of their comfort zone "  Children have to get used to the frustration and jealousy that come from competition , " says Bronson
CNN  -- The Vital Center is under siege on Capital Hill . "  Congress is now more polarized than at any time since the late 19th century , " attests the data-driven blog Vote View . It has gotten so bad that Sen. Olympia Snowe is throwing in the towel on her three-term career in disgust : "  I do find it frustrating , " she said , "  that an atmosphere of polarization and ` my way or the highway ' ideologies has become pervasive in campaigns and in our governing institutions . " What 's worse , she does n't think it 's going to get better any time soon : "  I do not realistically expect the partisanship of recent years in the Senate to change over the short term . " It 's just the latest confirmation of what you know in your gut : Our politics have become hijacked by hyper-partisans . Our divided Congress is dysfunctional . Our government is broken . The Maine Republican 's comments echoed Indiana Democrat Evan Bayh 's statement when he announced he would n't seek re-election in 2010 : "  For some time , I have had a growing conviction that Congress is not operating as it should , " Bayh said . "  There is much too much partisanship and not enough progress . Too much narrow ideology and not enough practical problem solving . " How many times will we need to hear the same refrain before we start taking these warnings seriously ? Snowe 's announcement follows Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson 's decision to not run for re-election after being attacked for compiling a record as the most conservative Democrat left in the Senate . Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman , Al Gore 's pick for vice president and John McCain 's close ally , has also announced his retirement , for similar reasons . In 2006 , Lieberman found himself under attack from the left for his post-9 / 11 support of the Bush War on Terror and won re-election as an independent after a lifetime as a centrist Democrat . Conservatives have long gloried in the sport of RINO-hunting , trying to defeat what they call "  Republicans In Name Only " in closed partisan primaries . Longtime centrist Republican Sen. Dick Lugar is the latest to be targeted in this cycle . Now liberal Democrats are trying to get into the game . These professional partisans believe the cure for what ails our political system is further polarization . They are peddling a view of politics as an all or nothing ideological war , the strategy : mutually assured destruction . Certainly , the ranks of centrist Republicans , operating in a grand tradition dating back to at least Theodore Roosevelt , have been diminished . The number of northeast Republicans remaining in Congress can be counted on two hands . Likewise , the ranks of Blue Dog Democrats -- resurgent during the New Democrat centrism of the Clinton years -- have been cut in half . North Carolina 's Heath Shuler , who worked across the aisle most recently to try to achieve a grand bargain with a $ 4 trillion deficit reduction , wo n't run for re-election . Neither will Oklahoma 's lone Democratic congressman , Rep. Dan Boren . "  It is not surprising to hear the news of Sen. Snowe 's retirement , " Boren e-mailed me . "  She , like many of us in the center , have watched with dismay the further polarization of our politics . This is caused by an out of control campaign finance system which includes super PACs , the gerrymandering of congressional districts and a Congress that puts party above the national interest at almost every turn . " Republicans might soon learn to regret the departure of centrists like Olympia Snowe for purely practical reasons : Their attempts to take back control of the U.S. Senate in the 2012 election just got a lot tougher . Snowe was hugely popular in her home state despite some tea party grousing . It is , after all , one of the states where registered independents outnumber Democrats or Republicans . But now her seat is likely to be won by a Democrat , leaving Republicans fighting to pick up another . A half century ago , congressional voting patterns resembled a bell curve -- with some congress members voting on the far left and far right , but most clustered in the center . Not coincidentally , this also reflected the spread of political opinions held by most Americans . There were liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats . The result was that creative cross-aisle coalitions could be formed to pass major legislation . During divided government in the past , we passed the Marshall Plan and the Interstate Highway System . All the Reagan administration legislative accomplishments were passed with divided government -- the same was true of welfare reform and the balanced budgets of the Clinton years . But now divided government means dysfunctional government . There is no trust and little cooperation . As a result , Congress has the lowest approval ratings on record . They can not reason together and solve problems . The departure of centrists like Snowe will make that job much harder in the foreseeable future . Their frustration with the status quo should be a huge wake-up call to the moderate majority of Americans . The two parties may be polarized , but the American people are not . We need to send that message loud and clear to the professional partisans who are invested in polarization . Make no mistake , the dysfunction will not get better until we change this corrosive culture of conformity in our politics . "  I see a vital need for the political center in order for our democracy to flourish and to find solutions that unite rather than divide us . It is time for change in the way we govern , " said Snowe in her statement . "  We must return to an era of civility in government driven by a common purpose to fulfill the promise that is unique to America . " I 'll devote my next column to some ways we can start to push back on the dysfunctional congressional culture the hyper-partisans have created . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Fed up with partisan dysfunction , Olympia Snowe not seeking re-election She is among politicians targeted by own party for being centrist , a damaging trend , he says GOP may live to regret this , he says : Her leaving will make it tough to regain the Senate Avlon : This should be wake-up call for moderate Americans
Time.com  -- When Samsung 's Galaxy Note smartphone went on sale in the U.S. in February , two things made it , um , noteworthy . At 5.3 â $ ³ , its display was the largest one ever offered on a phone . And the Note came with Samsung 's S Pen , a precision stylus which let you jot notes and sketch pictures without jabbing at the screen with your finger . Let 's face it , though -- that humongous screen completely overshadowed the S Pen . Everyone had a strong opinion about it . Many people found the notion of a phone with a screen that edges in on tablet territory alluring : Samsung says it 's shipped ten million Galaxy Notes to date . Others , however , considered that same notion to be comical rather than practical .  Held to the ear , the jumbo-sized Note tends to throw off proportions and make it look like your skull has shrunk by a size or two . Now Samsung is releasing its second Galaxy Note device , the Galaxy Note 10.1 , which goes on sale in the U.S. Thursday . This Note , unlike its smartphone sibling , should n't be an object of controversy . The 12 Best Android Widgets for 2012 There 's nothing startling about its form factor : It 's an Android tablet with a 10.1 â $ ³ display , a size that 's comfortably familiar in the Android world , and not radically dissimilar from the 9.7-incher on Apple 's iPad . But it 's a solid , straightforward Android tablet that comes with an S Pen , a suite of pen-friendly apps and some productivity-oriented software enhancements which give it a more businesslike flavor than Samsung 's Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 . The Galaxy Note 10.1 with 16GB of storage lists for $ 499 , the same price as a 16GB iPad . But the 32GB Galaxy Note is $ 549 , $ 50 less than a 32GB iPad . And while there 's no 64GB model , the tablet 's microSD slot lets you add a 32GB memory card for $ 20 or less , bringing capacity up to 64GB for a grand total of about $ 570 -- a steep discount off the 64GB iPad 's $ 699 sticker price . Both the 16GB and 32GB variants offer wi-fi but no cellular option and come with 50GB of Dropbox online storage for two years . If the Note 10.1 sells well , it wo n't be on the strength of the bang it delivers for your buck . It 'll be because it 's one of the relatively few Android tablets with a snappy answer to the bottom-line question "  Why should somebody buy this instead of an iPad ? " The iPad does n't come with a pen and may never do so , given Steve Jobs ' famous declaration that "  if you see a stylus , they blew it . " Scads of companies have stepped in to fill the gap -- my favorite iPad stylus is Adonit 's Jot Flip -- but all of their designs suffer from the fact that they 're designed to work with a tablet that was engineered for fingertips . Samsung , however , built the Galaxy Note 10.1 from the ground up for pen use . And when it decided to add pens to some of its devices , it made the eminently sensible decision to work with Wacom , the company which dominates the market for graphics tablets used by artists . The S Pen , which stows in a slot on tablet 's side when not in use , is based on Wacom 's technology . That means that it 's pressure-sensitive and extremely precise , and does n't use a battery . Using it feels like writing with a slightly stubby ballpoint ; Samsung also sells a larger pen , as well as one with an "  eraser " on the opposite end from the nib . Tech companies make progress on ` blood phones ' Android does n't come with any apps meant expressly for pen use . So Samsung created some of its own , including S Note , a highly capable note-taking program which lets you write and draw on simulated lined pages , graph paper and blank sheets . You can use a fine-line pen , a pencil , a paintbrush or a highlighter ; pressure sensitivity lets you vary your pen strokes or lay down a thicker coat of paint by pressing harder . S Note can also convert your block-letter or cursive input into editable text . It did a surprisingly accurate job of deciphering my chicken scratchings . But as with every other device I 've ever used with handwriting recognition , the payoff did n't seem worth the effort required : You need to write words a few at a time , then pause while the tablet interprets them . Except for brief notes , if you want to see your words in a crisp , legible typeface rather than your own handwriting , you 're probably best off using the on-screen keyboard .  Samsung sells a case , obviously inspired by the iPad 's Smart Cover , which lets you angle the tablet for comfy typing . Unlike the iPad , the Galaxy Note 10.1 is designed to let you rest your palm on the screen as you write or draw without getting confused by the fact that two parts of your hand are in contact with the display at once . Despite this , I found myself occasionally triggering actions unintentionally as I worked . I suspect that the fact I 'm a southpaw does n't help : When I begin to write on the left-hand side of the screen , my palm rests on top of Android 's on-screen buttons for tasks such as going back one screen and returning to the home screen . A righty 's palm would fall in a less critical spot . The S Pen works in other apps besides S Note , of course . I liked using it to crop photos and perform touch-up work in Photoshop Touch , which Samsung throws in for free . The tablet includes a program that points you towards pen-friendly programs in Google 's Play store ; most of the ones I tried did n't support pressure sensitivity , but the S Pen is still a plus in any program that involves handwritten note-taking , sketching or any gesture that 's tough to perform accurately with a fingertip . Pen aside , this is one of the best big-screen Android tablets I 've tried , a nicely-styled 1.3-pound package that 's a skosh lighter than an iPad and does n't look too much like an iPad clone .  Samsung , presumably , would like to minimize the future time it spends squabbling with Apple in court . Trial gives sneak peek into Apple 's inner workings	On the Saumsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet , the stylus pen is the key Android tablet has apps specifically designed for the pen A 32GB version , with card bringing it to 64GB , is $ 570 ; 64GB iPad is $ 699 Pen app still not convenient for taking notes , reviewer says
CNN  -- 1 in 10 - People around the world who believe the world might end in 2012 , according to a May poll by Reuters . 3 - Different types of calendars used by the Mayans . 5,125 years - Length of the Mayan "  Long Count " calendar . 144,000 - Days in a b ` ak ` tun , a cycle in the Mayan calendar which restarts around December 21 . That 's about 394 years . 52 million - Tourists expected to visit Mexico during the "  Year of the Maya " in 2012 , according to the Mexican Ministry of Tourism . 200,000 + - Searches for "  End of the World " and related terms on Google on December 20 , the top search as of this writing . 200 - 300 - Calls per week NASA has been receiving recently from people asking if the world really is about to end . 36 - Percentage of Americans who believe increasing severity of recent natural disasters is a sign of the apocalypse . 6 - Times since its discovery in 1989 Asteroid 4179 Toutatis has passed "  close " to the Earth . The nearest to us it came was 962,951 miles away . $ 50,000 - $ 120,000 - Price of a luxury underground bunker , sold by Atlas Survivor Shelters.com 189 - Residents of Bugarach , a French village receiving hordes of visitors who believe the only safe place to hide during the apocalypse is inside a "  sacred " mountain there where extraterrestrials live . 69 - Peak position of "  It 's the End of the World as We Know It  And I Feel Fine  , " by R.E.M. , on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles Chart in 1988 . 2 - Dates in 2011 Christian broadcaster Harold Camping predicted as dates of the end of the world , May 21 and then October 21 . 27 - Percentage of respondents to a National Geographic survey who felt somewhat likely that a catastrophic event would happen on December 21 , 2012 . 27 - Percentage of those surveyed who said they make sure to "  resolve feuds with loved ones " first if there was a possibility the world might end . 8 - Percentage of those who thought they could only survive about a day in a doomsday scenario with supplies they had at home . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Some believe the world will end with the Mayan "  Long Count " calendar December 21 The Mayans used three different types of calendars More than 200,000 people Googled "  end of the world " terms on December 20 52 million tourists are expected to visit Mexico during "  Year of the Maya " in 2012
CNN  -- Calvino Inman had just stepped out of the shower one evening in May when a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror caused him to panic . "  I looked up and saw myself , and I thought I was going to die , " says the 15-year-old from Rockwood , Tennessee . His eyes were streaming tears of blood . Doctors are still searching for a medical reason for Calvino Inman 's tears of blood . Inman 's mother , Tammy Mynatt , says she immediately rushed him to the emergency room , but by the time they arrived , the bleeding had stopped . Doctors could n't see what the family was trying to explain . They returned home completely perplexed . When the bloody tears returned a few days later while Inman was on a camping trip , he was rushed back to the hospital . Mynatt hoped that once doctors finally witnessed the phenomenon , there would be answers . But that was n't the case . "  The people at the hospital said they had never seen anything like it , " Mynatt recalls . She says her son underwent an MRI , a CT scan and an ultrasound , but none of the tests had abnormal results . " ` We do n't know how to stop it , ' " Mynatt remembers being told by doctors . "  It just has to run its course . " Dr. Barrett G. Haik , director of the University of Tennessee 's Hamilton Eye Institute , says there is an answer , sort of . He says "  crying blood , " a condition called haemolacria , is common in people who have experienced extreme trauma or who have recently had a serious head injury . But a case such as Inman 's is still a medical mystery . "  What 's really rare is to have a child like this , " Haik says . "  Only once every several years do you see someone with no obvious cause . " Watch more on the teen who cried blood " Haik and a team of researchers published a 2004 study in the Journal of the American Society of Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery looking specifically at children who developed unexplained , spontaneous episodes of bloody tears between February 1992 and January 2003 . Only four cases were recorded . Because of the rarity of the condition , experts anticipate Inman will have multiple tests from a variety of specialists , including hematologists  blood specialists  , ophthalmologists  eye specialists  and otolaryngologists  ear , nose and throat specialists  . Dr. James C. Flemming , also an ophthalmologist at the Hamilton Eye Institute , has been in touch with Mynatt and her son . He is reviewing Inman 's medical records for possible treatment . Flemming says complications to look for include blood clots , a growth or tumor near the eye , or even a simple infection . He also says the culprit could be something so tiny that none of the standard tests would pick it up . "  It 's a very hard thing to estimate , " Flemming says . "  You may have to watch expectedly for other symptoms to show up . " Inman 's analysis would also include a psychological evaluation to rule out the possibility that the bloody tears were faked . "  When you ca n't find an origin , you ca n't eliminate any of the possibilities " Haik explains . He says there have been cases where children seeking attention have found creative ways to simulate haemolacriatic symptoms . Still , Mynatt and her son are relieved to at least have more guidance . In an interview with CNN affiliate WATE , Mynatt was near tears herself explaining her frustration : "  I just truly want somebody to say they 've seen this and they can help us . " And that 's at least one reassurance Flemming and his team of experts at the Hamilton Eye Institute can offer . "  We get more positive talk now than negative . It really feels like there 's hope , " Mynatt says , relieved . But still , the possibility remains that after endless tests , the underlying cause may never be found . In all four cases Haik examined previously , the bleeding stopped on its own . "  As physicians , that 's disconcerting , because we like to have the answers , " Haik admits . Moreover , he says he knows from previous experience that the toll of not knowing is much worse for patients . "  I could always see the fear in their faces because no matter what we studied , we could n't find an answer . "	Tennessee teen started crying blood tears in May He suffers from a rare condition known as haemolacria , which means "  bloody tears " In four other cases , bleeding stopped spontaneously with no cause found
CNN  -- Apple co-founder Steve Jobs died of respiratory arrest brought on by a pancreatic tumor , a public health official said Monday . Jobs died at 3 p.m. Wednesday at home in Palo Alto , California , said Amy Cornell of the Santa Clara County Public Health Department . His death was announced Wednesday by Apple , the Silicon Valley company he founded with Steve Wozniak . Jobs was 56 . The hard-driving executive pioneered the concept of the personal computer and of navigating them by clicking onscreen images with a mouse . In more recent years , he introduced the iPod portable music player , the iPhone and the iPad tablet -- all of which changed how digital content was consumed . Jobs ' death , while dreaded by Apple 's legions of fans , was not unexpected . He had battled cancer for years , took a medical leave from Apple in January and stepped down as chief executive in August because he could "  no longer meet  his  duties and expectations . " On October 19 , Apple employees will celebrate Jobs ' life and contributions . A company memo from Apple CEO Tim Cook said : "  Like many of you , I have experienced the saddest days of my lifetime and shed many tears during the past week . But I 've found some comfort in the extraordinary number of tributes and condolences from people all over the world who were touched by Steve and his genius . And I 've found comfort in both telling and listening to stories about Steve . "  Although many of our hearts are still heavy , we are planning a celebration of his life for Apple employees to take time to remember the incredible things Steve achieved in his life and the many ways he made our world a better place . " Jobs was buried Friday in Palo Alto . CNN 's Dan Simon and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Apple employees will celebrate Steve Jobs ' life on Oct. 19 Jobs died Wednesday He co-founded Apple with Steve Wozniak Jobs had battled cancer for years
CNN  -- Kim Dotcom , the millionaire founder of the file-sharing website Megaupload , was released on bail Wednesday after a judge said he did n't appear to have enough money to flee . Under one of the largest anti-piracy crackdowns ever , the U.S. Department of Justice is seeking to have Dotcom , also known as Kim Schmitz , and three co-workers extradited to face charges including conspiracy to commit racketeering and conspiracy to commit copyright infringement . Last month , U.S. authorities shut down Megaupload 's websites and announced indictments against Dotcom and six other people connected to the site , accusing them of operating an "  international organized criminal enterprise responsible for massive worldwide online piracy of copyrighted works . " They say Megaupload generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . The New Zealand police arrested Dotcom , a German citizen who has residency in New Zealand and Hong Kong , and the other three at the U.S. government 's request . Megaupload 's lawyers have denied the charges , and online activists have rallied to the site 's defense . An initial effort by Dotcom 's lawyers to obtain bail last month was denied , with the judge at the time concluding that flight risk remained "  a real and significant possibility . " But on Wednesday , District Judge N.R. Dawson said that "  fresh and new " information had emerged since and that there was no longer "  just cause " to keep Dotcom in custody , providing satisfactory bail conditions were imposed . In his 13-page decision , Dawson noted that : -- Megaupload 's chief financial officer has filed an affidavit supporting Dotcom 's contention that he has no money to flee ; -- He has only two passports  one Finnish and one German  , not three , as previously asserted ; -- The United States has extradition treaties with Germany and Finland ; -- No steps have been taken to re-establish the shuttered business ; -- No new evidence has been uncovered ; -- Some of Dotcom 's business associates facing the same charges have been granted bail ; -- An extradition hearing likely will not occur before July , an "  effectively punitive " period of time , despite the fact that no criminal conduct has been established . Dotcom 's release on bail comes after the U.S. authorities added charges and broadened their case against the defendants last week . The other charges that the accused face include conspiracy to commit money laundering and criminal copyright infringement . Dotcom holds a German passport and two Finnish passports , under the names of Kim Tim Jim Vestor and Kim Dotcom . Prosecutors had said that the multiple passports , as well as bank accounts and credit cards from various countries linked to different names , showed that he presented a flight risk . But Dawson was unswayed . Dotcom "  legally changed his name on two occasions and each passport was obtained in his legal name at that time , " the judge wrote . "  It is the applicant 's understanding that the first Finnish passport in the name of Vestor would have been canceled when he applied for a new passport from Finland in the name of Dotcom . Suprisingly , no inquiries have been made of the Finnish authorities to confirm this . " In addition , Dotcom "  is entitled to hold both his German passport and his Dotcom Finnish passport , " he said . Dawson said Dotcom , at the time of his arrest , had 59 credit or bank cards under 13 names in his possession , 21 of them still valid . But the judge said Dotcom 's possession of so many expired cards could indicate no more than "  a degree of muddlement " in his financial affairs . The 38-year-old businessman has prior convictions related to computer hacking and insider trading . But Dawson noted that they were "  historical , " with some of them dating to his teenage years . Dotcom obatined residency status in New Zealand in December 2009 . He is married to a Filipina woman with whom he has three children , and his wife is pregnant with twins . "  The factors against him being a flight risk include that he would live his life as a fugitive , he would be abandoning his expectant wife and three children and he would effectively lose all the considerable assets and bank accounts in a number of countries that have been seized or frozen , " Dawson wrote . "  It is submitted that he has a good defense to the charges and that he has every reason to stay and fight for his family 's future and his seized assets . " The arrests of Dotcom and his co-workers , along with the closure of Megaupload , prompted an angry reaction from the activist hacking collective Anonymous . After the prosecution was announced , the group took credit for temporarily crippling the U.S. Department of Justice , FBI and entertainment company websites . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report	Kim Dotcom was arrested last month in New Zealand Judge finds no "  just cause " to consider him a flight risk Three Megaupload co-workers were arrested with him They face charges relating to racketeering and copyright infringement
Tijuana , Mexico  CNN  -- Part of the fence separating the United States and Mexico sits about 50 yards away from hundreds of tunnel-like holes and makeshift tents where people live , stuck between two countries . Trash surrounds the area , driven there by the sewage that runs through the nearby Tijuana River channel . The odor of rotting food and feces oozes from the ground ; the warm weather and hot sun worsen the smell . The stench makes it hard to breathe , and it 's harder to fathom how any human being could live in these conditions . Yet , an estimated 4,000 people call this place home , a stretch known as "  El Bordo , " or "  the border , " wedged along the U.S.-Mexico border . It 's inside Mexico , just outside the city limits of Tijuana . With a disheveled shirt and shorts covered in dry gray sludge , Fernando Miranda smiles and points towards the fence , signaling the location of the place he once called home . He has n't seen it in three years . "  I am heading back there and nowhere else . There is no way in hell I am staying here , " Miranda said . Life on the border is complicated Miranda and the others living in El Bordo are stuck in between two countries and their laws . He has nowhere to go and no place to call his own . Miranda was born in Mexico , and 25 years ago he illegally immigrated to the United States , the country where he worked and prospered , where his children were born , educated and given better opportunities . Miranda was sent back to Mexico in 2011 , one of 2 million people who have been deported since President Obama took office . Last year , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement removed close to 369,000 undocumented immigrants -- most from Mexico and Central America -- from the United States . About 40 % of those deported were sent back through the San Ysidro Port of Entry in Tijuana , according to Mexico 's National Migration Institute . Opinion : Why I fasted for immigration reform They arrive in Mexico with no form of identification , no money and often only the clothes on their backs . Most of those deported have no connection to Tijuana , no family or friends , and some can barely speak the language . That was the case for 37-year-old Miguel Valdez , who was in the United States legally just last week . He grew up in Los Angeles , having arrived in the United States with his parents when he was 4 years old . His mother and father came in illegally , but as an adult , Valdez got a green card , a four-year college degree and a job as a computer programmer . Then he got into trouble , arrested and convicted for drugs and illegal possession of a gun . After serving a five-year prison term , Valdez had his green card revoked just last week , and he was put on a bus and dropped off near Tijuana . Valdez has been wandering the unfamiliar streets of this foreign city for days , unable to find food , a job or a place to sleep . He speaks so little Spanish that he 's afraid to ask for directions or help . He could n't express in words what had happened to him : In the space of one week , he had gone from American resident to citizen of no-man 's land . "  It just feels the gate itself is so far away , even if I 'm standing right next to it , " Valdez said , staring at the border separating him from the United States . Living in a hole in the ground Miranda has been in El Bordo long enough that the others call him "  El Chino , " a reference to his wild , curly hair . He has n't had a haircut in years . His home , as he calls it , is n't much of a home but rather a deep hole in the ground cleverly built with trash and dirt . Shoestrings and pieces of clothes keep the wooden sticks and plywood together . The roof is the most impressive . "  See , it 's pretty strong , " Miranda said as he jumped on it . He seems to be proud of his efforts and shows off his construction skills , gained over years of working in Silicon Valley as a laborer . He and three other men helped built it . Deportations split families Since his deportation in April 2011 -- the result of a traffic stop -- Miranda has lived in the slums of the Tijuana River canal . He arrived with nothing but the clothes he was wearing . Returning to his home state of Michoacan was not an option . After having lived in the United States for 25 years , Miranda had a home , a job and , most important , a family : a wife and four children , all American citizens . Miranda does n't care to stay in Mexico , and he quickly learned that Mexico did n't care for him to stay , either . According to him , police in Tijuana assume that all deportees are criminals and drug addicts and consider them all a nuisance . The police constantly harass them for no reason , he says . The deportees have to hide underground to evade local authorities , and for them this is the safest place in Tijuana . "  I feel a lot worse here . Discrimination is a lot worse here . I am in my country , and they discriminate against me a lot worse . I ca n't even walk the streets . Instead of having laws that protect us , they make life even harder for us . I do n't like it at all , " Miranda said . A recent study conducted by Colegio de la Frontera Norte , a research center focused on regional issues at the border , found that 96 % of the residents of El Bordo have been arrested by Tijuana police officers , 70 % more than once . Tijuana police would n't officially comment on the situation at El Bordo , but they have openly called the deportees "  criminals " and a public health threat to the city . ` No human being should live like this ' Unwanted by the United States and Mexico , this is the place where thousands have found refuge while they save up enough money to cross back into the United States . "  It 's a no-man 's land . Mexico does n't want you , and the U.S. sure as hell does n't want you , " said Hector Barajas , an activist and deportee who lives in a shelter outside Tijuana and advocates for those living in El Bordo . "  No human being should live like this . " Barajas , a U.S. Army veteran , had his green card revoked and was deported in 2004 after being convicted of a felony for shooting an illegal firearm . He has struggled to get back on his feet , but that has n't stopped him from helping others . The fluent English speaker now counsels other newly arrived deportees and has joined other activists in Tijuana . He says the local government offers little to no help to the new arrivals , and so he and other activists try to help with food and shelter . "  They look at you as a criminal , a drug addict and stuff like that , " Barajas said . "  When you get here , you come with nothing , so you probably spent four or five days in detention . You have n't shaved . You do n't have money to buy a shaving kit or whatever . You look like you 're homeless . That 's what happens . The government does n't have nothing in place for nobody . " He does n't hide the fact that some of the deportees living at El Bordo are heroin addicts . And he does n't need to . You ca n't walk through El Bordo without seeing the open usage of heroin , the dirty needles stuck behind ears like pencils and , more horrifying , others sharing them on the filthy concrete . One of the users is Robert Marquez , wearing his home city 's baseball team on his cap : the Los Angeles Dodgers . "  My home is in L.A. , " he proudly proclaimed . As we talked , Marquez 's eyes started to lose focus , his words beginning to melt into each other . "  Are you high ? " I asked . "  Yeah , " he said sheepishly , like a child caught eating too much candy . "  Why do you do the heroin ? " "  Why ? I have no place to go . Where ? " he responded with finality . In Washington , the issue of how to deal with 11 million undocumented immigrants is at the core of the immigration debate . And no one seems to have the right answer on what to do . There 's absolutely no discussion about what to do about the deportees , from either U.S. or Mexican authorities . Boehner says ` never mind ' on immigration Back at El Bordo , Miranda wastes no time counting down the days until he returns home . Unfortunately , Miranda 's return to the United States will probably be made via some form of an illegal entry , just like the first time he crossed over from Mexico 25 years ago . "  I am just waiting for the right time to leave , just the right opportunity to cross over . The situation here is no good . " CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this story . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Nearly 4,000 people live in "  El Bordo " near the U.S.-Mexico border fence The rundown area inside Mexico 's border houses people in immigration limbo Most have been deported from the United States but are n't wanted in Mexico
LOCKERBIE , Scotland  CNN  -- Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi 's fate hangs in the balance . The Libyan man convicted for the 1988 Lockerbie bombings has terminal prostate cancer and , according to his lawyers , just weeks to live . Mourners at the 20th anniversary memorial service for the victims of the Lockerbie bombing . Scotland 's Justice Minister Frank MacAskill is weighing up whether to release him on compassionate grounds so he can die at home ; to transfer him to a Libyan jail under a prisoner transfer agreement drawn up between Libya and the UK ; or whether to keep him in a Scottish jail for the rest of his days . That is certainly the preferred option of the U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who last week wrote to Mr MacAskill urging him not to send Al Megrahi home . In Lockerbie itself , matters of politics seem far removed . George Stobbs was one of the first policemen on the scene when the Boeing 747 crashed into Sherwood Crescent . "  I 've never talked about the politics of the thing because I had no interest , " he says . "  People here are n't interested in the politics , they just want to carry on with their lives . " Stobbs has vivid memories of the night of December 21 , 1988 -- the "  shortest and darkest night of the year , " he says . "  The houses were just slowly burning and more houses were catching fire . The windows were popping , the gutters were burning , everything was burning . It was like hell . I remember seeing a wrought iron gate in the distance and I remember it was dripping like molten butter , drip drip dripping away . " At first Stobbs thought it was a military aircraft which had crashed into the town . Then he heard that the nose cone of a 747 had landed in a field three miles from Lockerbie and he knew that he was dealing with far greater numbers of dead . "  We were told about the 747 , " he says , "  and we realized we were n't looking for twenty people but for 300 . But where were they ? " There is a small memorial room beside the little church of Tundergarth , across the road from where the nose cone landed . Inside are inscriptions from visitors commemorating the huge loss of life and photographs of each of the 270 people who died in the Lockerbie bombing . "  Gentle Lockerbie " reads one of the inscriptions from a family member who lost a loved one . "  Some say the land there is now tainted , I say it is blessed . " In the field itself there are no marks to suggest where the nose cone landed . The local farmer points to the horizon across the rolling Scottish hills . "  Between here and the top of the hill , here on my father 's farm , we found 120 bodies , " he says . The force of the explosion and the wind that night blew bits of the plane , personal possessions and body parts across a vast area . Stobbs , and hundreds of policemen and other volunteers combed 845 square meters of land looking for clues as to what brought the plane down . Documents from the plane were even discovered in the North Sea , 60 miles away . The crucial piece of evidence that implicated Al Megrahi was a scrap of clothing wrapped around a part of the device used to detonate the suitcase bomb . It was traced back to a Maltese boutique whose shop-owner recognized Al Megrahi . Lockerbie local John Gair said he was never entirely convinced of Al Megrahi 's guilt . "  I did feel that some of the evidence was circumstantial , " he says . "  I think partly out of compassion and partly out of a possible element of doubt , he should be allowed out . " As he looks down Sherwood Crescent at the neat rows of houses , not yet twenty years old , he says : "  Life goes on and once a tragedy like this is over people pick up the threads of their lives . And they do n't forget but they do n't dwell on it . Because there 's no earthly point in dwelling on any of this . " 270 people from 21 nations lost their lives in the beautiful hills around Lockerbie . Some of them had been so badly incinerated no trace of them was ever found , just their personal belongings and the Pan Am passenger list which proved they 'd been on board . Twenty years later in the town of Lockerbie , the streets have been rebuilt , the past buried , but not forgotten .	CNN 's Diana Magnay travels to Lockerbie , Scotland 20 years on from the air tragedy Retired police inspector George Stobbs recalls the scene of devastation Hundreds of policemen and other volunteers combed 845 square meters of land Lockerbie local John Gair said he was never entirely convinced of Al Megrahi 's guilt
CNN  -- Monday 's Supreme Court ruling giving certain companies a right to raise religious objections to providing some types of birth control insurance to their employees leaves a number of important questions in its wake . And it 's unlikely any will be answered soon following the 5-4 decision that sparked enormous reaction and analysis around abortion , Obamacare , and the influence of religion in conducting business in a secular marketplace . Here are five questions from the decision that was the most closely watched of this term . 1  What does the decision mean for Obamacare ? Obamacare took a hit , but it remains intact . Unlike the blockbuster decision two years ago when the Supreme Court allowed the Affordable Care Act to proceed , this case dealt only with one part of it . That is a regulation requiring private , for-profit companies -- often family-owned businesses -- to provide certain types of birth control coverage to their employees without a copay . Looking ahead , the decision could serve as a primer for other pending challenges to the health law that was approved by Congress in 2010 without Republican support . Is it the first chip in a long legal slugfest ? Fights over Obamacare will no doubt continue on a range of issues , from other employer mandates to tax breaks for those in the state health benefit exchanges that offer the insurance plans to consumers . 2  What is the impact of the ruling on workers ? The White House says women employed by companies like the two firms at the center of the appeal -- arts-and-crafts retail giant Hobby Lobby and the much smaller Conestoga Wood Specialties -- have been hurt . And while the legal challenge was narrow , the potential impact is broader . The appeal applied to Plan B contraception , which some have called the "  morning after " pill , and intrauterine devices or IUDs used by an estimated 2 million American women . In dissent , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg called the decision "  sweeping . " Jonathan Turley , law professor at George Washington University , agreed . "  People should not get lost in the reference to ` closely held corporations . ' These types of businesses "  are huge in this country and most of the businesses people relate with in their daily lives . " 3  What does it mean politically ? The decision no doubt will energize Republicans on the campaign trail ahead of November midterm elections when control of the Senate is at stake . Republicans have made Obamacare a giant campaign target , especially with the conservative base and we got a taste of the politics behind it all quickly after the justices weighed in . "  Today 's decision is a victory for religious freedom and another defeat for an administration that has repeatedly crossed constitutional lines in pursuit of " big government , said House Speaker John Boehner . "  The President 's health care law remains an unworkable mess and a drag on our economy . " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , who heads the Democratic National Committee , framed the ruling as a campaign issue for the fall . "  It is no surprise that Republicans have sided against women on this issue as they have consistently opposed a woman 's right to make her own health care decisions , " she said , calling the ruling a "  dangerous precedent . " But some Democrats say there may be a silver lining : It could motivate younger women and unmarried women to show up at the polls . Exit polls indicate that unmarried and younger women support Democrats over Republicans , but their numbers also traditionally drop from presidential elections to midterm contests . 4  What 's a "  religious " company ? Liberals and conservatives on the Supreme Court agreed on this much : the families that own Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties are undoubtedly religious . But does that make their companies religious ? That 's where the justices sharply disagreed . Writing for the majority , Samuel Alito said the government has little problem acknowledging that non-profits , like churches and charities , can be religious -- and exempting them from the contraception mandate if they have moral objections . So why should companies be held to a different standard ? "  Any suggestion that for-profit corporations are incapable of exercising religion because their purpose is simply to make money flies in the face of modern corporate law , " Alito writes . But there are big differences between charities and corporations , Ginsburg argued in her dissent . Religious organizations exist to further the interests of the faithful and usually employ workers or volunteers from their own community of believers . Companies , on the other hand , exist to make money , Ginsburg said , and by law are not allowed to discriminate in hiring based on religion . In fact , they often employ people of many faiths . So giving corporations religious rights opens a legal "  minefield , " she argued . For instance , what 's to stop employers from objecting to blood transfusions , as Jehovah 's Witnesses do ? Or vaccinations , as some Christian Scientists do ? Or benefits for same-sex couples , as many evangelicals and Catholics do ? 5  So what 's next ? The Obama administration immediately said it would work with Congress to ensure female employees get reproductive health coverage provided in the Affordable Care Act . But congressional action is n't realistic , considering the sharply partisan politics involved in Obamacare , abortion rights , and interpretations of religious freedom . Officials also hint that the President may use his executive authority to get around lawmakers in an election year . The practical result will likely be an administrative fix by the administration that subsidizes the contraceptives at issue , said CNN political analyst Gloria Borger . So far , 9 million people have signed up for Obamacare health plans since last October . CNN 's Bill Mears , Paul Steinhauser , Tom Cohen , and Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	The decision leaves a number of questions in its wake What is the impact on Obamacare , and for future legal challenges ? What does it mean politically in a midterm year with control of the Senate at stake ? And what now defines religion in business and what does it mean for workers ?
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Spanish-language newspaper in Georgia has drawn bipartisan criticism for publishing a doctored photograph depicting the state 's new governor as a Nazi . El Nuevo Georgia Editor Rafael Navarro said the picture was meant to call attention to Hispanic issues -- and grab the attention of residents and politicians who often ignore the Hispanic community . "  Americans do n't read our paper because they ca n't read Spanish . They do n't read our news , our editorials and the opinion of the community . But if they see a picture , they 'll get it , " he said . The photo illustration , published in the paper 's January 6 edition , shows Republican Gov. Nathan Deal wearing a Nazi uniform , a swastika armband and a Hitler-like mustache . The accompanying story , entitled "  Repression in the Age of Deal , " recaps an ethics investigation against Deal and talks about the governor 's past financial troubles . The full-page article also quotes local community leaders forecasting tough times ahead for illegal immigrants in the state . One leader quoted is Democratic state Rep. Pedro Marin -- one of only two Hispanic legislators in Georgia . Marin condemned the photo and said he did not know about it when he spoke to the newspaper . "  It is disrespectful , " Marin said . "  I might disagree with the policies of Governor Deal , but I respect him and the office he represents . " Marin said he understands firsthand what it means to be the target of inflammatory rhetoric . "  Ever since I got elected and began supporting immigrant issues , I have received hate mail and my house and car have been vandalized , " he said . Marin said the photo might make it harder for the Hispanic community to communicate with state leaders . Deal , who took office earlier this month , has not spoken out about the photo . His spokesman , Brian Robinson , issued a statement saying , "  Those who ca n't formulate a coherent argument in our society 's marketplace of ideas often resort to childish , even offensive tactics . This is pathetic . " Navarro , who immigrated to the United States from Colombia , said he printed the picture knowing he did n't have to fear retaliation from the governor because of the freedom of speech guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution . Marin recognizes that right , but also said that responsibility comes with freedom , adding that "  it is a shame that he decided to print the photo to sell more papers " El Nuevo Georgia prints about 40,000 copies every month . Navarro admits that after other local media started to report on the controversy , traffic to the paper 's website rose to record levels . But Navarro said the picture represents the fear immigrants in Georgia feel with the arrival of Deal to the state 's top office , because of Deal 's strong anti-immigrant rhetoric during the last campaign . Navarro pointed to Deal 's support of legislation similar to laws enacted in Arizona aimed at tough enforcement against illegal immigrants . Deal was elected last November . He won the Republican primary , edging out a former secretary of state who was endorsed by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . Then he defeated Democrat and former governor Roy Barnes . Both of Deal 's rivals also supported immigration legislation similar to Arizona 's .	The newspaper 's editor says he wanted to grab the attention of readers He says the picture represents the fear immigrants in Georgia feel as Deal becomes governor A governor 's spokesman describes the illustration as "  pathetic " A lawmaker describes the photo as "  disrespectful "
CNN  -- The 103 Chadian children whom six French charity workers were convicted of attempting to kidnap will soon be reunited with their families , the United Nations ' children agency said Friday . Some of the 103 children who were nearly abducted by a French charity , pictured in Abeche in November 2007 . The children have been living in an orphanage in Abeche , in eastern Chad , since late October . Chadian authorities arrested the Zoe 's Ark aid workers as they earlier tried to leave the central African country with the children on a Paris-bound plane , the United Nations Children 's Fund said . The charity had said the children were orphans from Sudan 's war-torn Darfur region and were being taken to foster families in France . However , other charities determined that most of the children were from Chad , not Sudan , and had at least one living parent . Beginning next week , a UNICEF team will travel to Abeche , Adre and Tine to facilitate reuniting the 21 girls and 82 boys , aged 1 to 10 , with their families . Chad 's government has approved the move , UNICEF said . Interviews with the children indicated that the majority were from villages near the cities of Adre and Tine along the Chadian-Sudanese border , according to a November statement from the Red Cross , UNICEF , and the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . The kidnapping scandal attracted international attention , with French authorities reacting angrily to the charity 's trip , calling the group 's actions "  illegal and irresponsible . " However , French President Nicolas Sarkozy intervened on the six 's behalf after a Chadian court sentenced the six aid workers to eight years of hard labor in Chad , and the central African nation handed them over to France to serve their sentences . In late January , a French court sentenced Eric Breteau -- the group 's leader -- Emilie Lelouch , Alain Peligat , Philippe van Winkelberg , Dominique Aubry and Nadia Merimi to eight years in a French prison . E-mail to a friend	The 103 children taken by French aid workers to be reunited with families soon The 21 girls and 82 boys , aged 1-10 , will be handed over to relatives in Chad They have been in orphanage in Chadian town of Abeche since late October Six Zoe 's Ark workers were convicted on kidnapping charges in December
CNN  -- A New Jersey man is under arrest after a routine traffic stop led to a search of his apartment and the discovery of bomb-making materials and weapons , Roselle Park police said . Travis Dulk , 27 , was arrested early Wednesday morning and charged with unlawful possession of a weapon , unlawful possession of hollow-point ammunition and possession of cocaine and narcotics , according to police Chief Paul Morrison . Authorities seized weapons -- including an M4 assault rifle -- as well as hundreds of rounds of ammunition and canisters of black powder in a search of his apartment . "  There was no bomb that would be readily available . There were materials that could be consistent of making a device , " Morrison said of the items discovered . "  There were at least 10-12 fully loaded magazines on a table , in plain view , " the chief added . Dulk was stopped on a traffic violation around 4 p.m. Tuesday near the New Jersey Garden State Parkway , a statement from the police department said . Police became suspicious after noticing 9 mm bullets on the floor of the driver 's side of the vehicle , the chief said . When he was searched , Dulk was found to being carrying a handgun loaded with hollow-point bullets , as well as several bags of cocaine and prescription drugs , the police statement said . Dulk initially consented to having his apartment searched but later changed his mind , Morrison said . Police got a search warrant and , with a bomb squad , conducted a midnight raid of the apartment . The apartment complex was also evacuated . Police are investigating whether the weapons recovered were legally purchased . Dulk is being held at the county jail on $ 115,000 bail as the investigation continues . It was not immediately clear whether he had legal representation .	Dulk was stopped for a traffic violation , police say Authorities got a warrant to search his apartment Weapons , including an assault rifle , and canisters of black powder are found
CNN  -- FaceTime , the Apple video-chat application , is not a replacement for real human interaction , especially for children , according to a new study . Tween girls who spend much of their waking hours switching frantically between YouTube , Facebook , television and text messaging are more likely to develop social problems , says a Stanford University study published in a scientific journal on Wednesday . Young girls who spend the most time multitasking between various digital devices , communicating online or watching video are the least likely to develop normal social tendencies , according to the survey of 3,461 American girls aged 8 to 12 who volunteered responses . The study only included girls who responded to a survey in Discovery Girls magazine , but results should apply to boys , too , Clifford Nass , a Stanford professor of communications who worked on the study , said in a phone interview . Boys ' emotional development is more difficult to analyze because male social development varies widely and over a longer time period , he said . "  No one had ever looked at this , which really shocked us , " Nass said . "  Kids have to learn about emotion , and the way they do that , really , is by paying attention to other people . They have to really look them in the eye . " The antidote for this hyper-digital phenomenon is for children to spend plenty of time interacting face-to-face with people , the study found . Tweens in the study who regularly talked in person with friends and family were less likely to display social problems , according to the findings in the publication Developmental Psychology . "  If you eschew face-to-face communication , you do n't learn critical things that you have to learn , " Nass said . "  You have to learn social skills . You have to learn about emotion . " The Stanford researchers were not able to determine a magic number of hours that children should spend conversing per week , Nass said . Social skills are typically only learned when children are engaged and making eye contact , rather than fiddling with an iPod during a conversation , he said . FaceTime and Skype are not replacements for actual face time because other studies have found that people tend to multitask while on video calls , Nass said . Nass is a self-described technologist of 25 years , who has worked as a consultant with many major electronics firms , including Google and Microsoft . He said the findings disturbed him . A few years ago , Nass worked on a study about how multitasking affects adults . He found that heavy multitaskers experience cognitive issues , such as difficulty focusing and remembering things . They were actually worse at juggling various activities , a skill crucial to many people 's work lives , than those who spent less time multitasking , Nass said .	Children who frequently multitask are less likely to develop social skills , study says The study from Stanford University included nearly 3,500 girls aged 8 to 12 Face-to-face chats can improve kids ' social devleopment
CNN  -- The European Parliament recently voted on a bill titled "  Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU . " A laudable goal , for sure -- but activists characterized the bill as a Trojan horse with chilling effects on free speech and opinion . The response from the European Parliament left much to be desired in terms of respect for democracy and voters . The bill looked great on the surface -- almost idealistic -- but a closer inspection revealed things that went beyond the appropriate . For instance , the bill called for a blanket ban on any and all forms of pornography -- arguably including anything on the Internet -- as well as concrete measures to enforce the ban . Regardless of whether one thinks pornography has a place in society or should be a protected form of expression , the bill encompassed far more than most would term "  porn . " The language was so vague , and so broad , that it could even criminalize text messages with an ever-so-slightly sexual overtone between husbands and wives . Furthermore , it called for Internet Service Providers  ISPs  to police ordinary people 's communications and for dissent against the ban to be criminalized , with "  effective sanctions " the penalty for opposition . The term "  effective sanctions " usually means fines or jail . Upon realizing the legislative impact of what had initially been a laudable goal , activists ' cries of a Trojan horse did n't seem so far off the mark . Had a bill that criminalized dissent really been voted through all committees and made it as far as the floor of the European Parliament ? Several people in parliament discarded the bill and the discussions of it as "  not important " because it was n't the final vote in the legislative process , and at this stage was non-binding . Free-speech activists started contacting their representatives en masse though . The message was n't so much "  do n't take away our porn ! " as "  you can not possibly think this bill , as it is written , is compatible with any kind of fundamental rights . " About 250,000 email messages were sent to the European Parliament on the morning of March 7 . Then , something odd happened . Around lunchtime on March 7 , the email messages stopped coming into parliament , despite still being sent by individual activists -- hand-typed , individual messages of concern . It turned out that some Members of European Parliament  MEPs  -- to this day , it remains unclear just who -- had complained to technical staff about the amount of constituents seeking contact with their representative on a current issue , and succeeded in having technical staff classify the messages as spam , so they never got through . The notion that one or a few MEPs could use parliamentary technical staff and infrastructure to prevent constituents from contacting any part of parliament on a current issue is jaw-dropping . Not just shutting themselves off , but shutting their colleagues off as well -- shutting off the entire parliament off from its constituents ' opinions . Swedish media estimated that one million e-mails were prevented from reaching their representatives . The bill was finally voted through on March 12 , but not before the parts that criminalized dissent and turned ISPs into communications police had been taken out . There were still calls for enforcing a blanket ban on pornography , but nothing likely to have a real political effect . It is also impossible for people to hold their politicians accountable on this issue , as the European Parliament did not use a "  roll call vote , " meaning there is no record of how individuals voted . The idea that a vote can be deliberately constructed in a way that prevents office-holder accountability is astounding . If activists had n't made a lot of noise on the matter , the parts of the bill that criminalized dissent and turned ISPs into morals police would quite possibly have passed too . I ca n't help feeling a very bitter aftertaste from the European Parliament 's demonstration of how little it cares about the people it represents -- deleting one million attempts by constituents to contact Members of European Parliament , and then declining to create any kind of voting record . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Falkvinge .	European Parliament recently voted on "  Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU " bill Bill called for blanket ban on any and all forms of pornography , including on Net The bill 's wording concerned free speech activists who described it as "  vague "
Paris , France  CNN  -- The top ranking is at stake in the men 's game when Rafael Nadal meets Novak Djokovic in Sunday 's French Open final . But do n't let that fool you -- both tennis titans , having held down the No. 1 spot previously , are more concerned about piling up grand slam titles . For current holder Nadal , he 's seeking a record-extending ninth success at Roland Garros , an accomplishment that would also see him tie Pete Sampras for second on the men 's list with 14 majors . A bad back and Stanislas Wawrinka , likely in that order of significance , stalled Nadal in January 's Australian Open final . Djokovic , meanwhile , is attempting to become the eighth man to complete a career grand slam and inflict only a second defeat on Nadal at Roland Garros . Their historic 41-match rivalry has seen streaks of the roller-coaster variety , and second-ranked Djokovic is the man in the ascendancy at the moment , capturing four straight tussles including the final of the Rome Masters last month . Djokovic stretched Nadal to five sets last year in the last four , undone by a freak occurrence when he touched the net deep in the fifth . "  He 's an unbelievable opponent , " Nadal told the crowd after his semifinal Friday . "  It 's always a big , big challenge . " It 's a finale too close to call but based on the semis , Nadal might just have the upper hand . As temperatures soared in Paris to about 30 degrees , helping to banish memories of a cold , rainy first week , Djokovic toiled in the heat -- not something new -- before ousting Roger Federer 's conqueror Ernests Gulbis 6-3 6-3 3-6 6-3 . He subsequently told French television he indeed dipped physically in the third . Nadal then had an easier time against Wimbledon champion Andy Murray , prevailing 6-3 6-2 6-1 in a quick-fire 100 minutes . Murray always had an uphill task , never overcoming Nadal in five tries on clay , spending four-and-a-half more hours on court this fortnight -- maybe the equivalent of two matches -- and having to contend with a Spaniard whose heavily spun balls shoot off the clay and spin in the air even more in steamy conditions . "  Today I played my best tennis of the tournament , " Nadal said . Nadal , probably unlike Djokovic , will be glad to know the mini-heat wave is expected to continue through Sunday . "  For me it 's much better when the weather is like today , " Nadal later told reporters . "  It 's obvious that with days like today , it helps my game . "  I need to play aggressive . I need to find my best level , and I 'm gon na try . " Djokovic took his time attending the post-match press conference , heightening suspicions something was amiss . "  There is nothing bothering me , " he said . "  Just the general fatigue that , you know , probably was influenced by conditions or other things that I felt today . But I 'm not going to talk about . That 's it . "  I 'm glad I won in four sets , because if it went to a fifth , God knows in which direction the match could go . " Gulbis ' coach , Gunther Bresnik , said before the semifinals his man had "  no chance " against Djokovic , trying to ease the pressure on the reformed Latvian . But unlike Chelsea football manager Jose Mourinho , who often resorts to mind games , Bresnik admitted to uttering the words to relax Gulbis . Does n't that defeat the purpose ? Ultimately , Bresnik was right . Djokovic breezed through the first two sets before a blip in the third -- the third time that transpired this tournament . Hunched over and hitting with less pace , his malaise allowed Gulbis to force a fourth . The problem for Gulbis was that he , too , seemed to be in distress , often clutching his lower back . He said afterwards , however , that he was n't hurt . It was simply tension . Djokovic broke near the end of the fourth set and to his relief served out the match comfortably to achieve a second French Open final . "  I 'm just going to rest today and tomorrow , try to not spend too much energy on the courts and get ready for finals , " said Djokovic . Nadal seized the initiative with an early break against Murray and never let his grip go . His feared forehand was in devastating mode , giving what must have been a jaded Murray little opportunity . Nadal never faced a break point and was taken to deuce only once , in his last service game . The result countered their tight three-setter in Rome . "  You can go out there with all the tactics in the world , but when he 's hitting the ball like that , it 's very difficult to hit the ball where you want to , " Murray told reporters . Djokovic has the ability to handle Nadal 's cross-court forehand like no other , perhaps a reason Bresnik picked the Serb to win the title . Sunday will tell us if he is right again .	Novak Djokovic will face Rafa Nadal in Sunday 's French Open final Djokovic beat Ernests Gulbis while Nadal overcame Andy Murray Djokovic seeking to become eighth man to complete a career grand slam Nadal looking for ninth championship win at Roland Garros
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain on Thursday accused Sen. Barack Obama of breaking a promise when the Democrat decided to forgo public financing in this fall 's campaign . Sen. Barack Obama repeatedly broke campaign fundraising records during the Democratic primary season . Obama told supporters in an e-mail message Thursday that he would not accept about $ 85 million in public funds when he becomes the Democratic presidential nominee . In the e-mail , Obama said the public campaign financing system allowed "  special interests -LSB- to -RSB- drown out the voices of the American people " and asked his supporters to "  declare our independence from a broken system . " McCain said that Obama 's move to drop out of the system "  should be disturbing to all Americans " and that he may decide to opt out , too . "  Sen. Obama 's reversal on public financing is one of a number of reversals ... that he has taken , " McCain said while touring flood-damaged parts of Iowa . "  This election is about a lot of things , but it 's also about trust . It 's also about whether you can take people 's word . ... He said he would stick to his agreement . He did n't . " Watch McCain 's attack on Obama " He said his campaign will reconsider whether to opt out as well . "  We " l have to reevaluate in light of his decision , " he said . But he said he leans toward taking public money . But Rep. Rahm Emanuel , an Obama supporter , argued that the Democrat had "  more than realized the objective of public financing " by setting up a system to accept small donations over the Internet . "  It has given the American people a voice in our political process and has forever changed politics in this country by inspiring record numbers of Americans to participate in bringing change to Washington , " Emanuel said . Despite the heated back-and-forth , CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said it is unlikely the controversy will influence voters . "  I 'm not sure it 's a big deal for most voters . There 's not a lot of support for the public financing system . " Schneider said . "  About a year ago , the polls asked people if they supported the idea that candidates and campaigns should be financed by taxpayer money ... and most persons said no . "  They like the idea of financing campaigns through small contributions from a lot of individual contributors , which is what Obama has done , " he said . Obama would be the first major presidential candidate to drop out of the modern campaign financing system for the general election since its creation in 1976 in the post-Watergate era . Under this system , candidates agree to spend only the public funds and can not raise or spend money directly obtained from individuals . Because he has decided not participate in the system , Obama will be able to spend an unlimited amount of money during the general election . The two camps also bickered Thursday over whether they had held negotiations on public financing before Obama 's move to drop out . Obama counsel Bob Bauer said he discussed the public funding issue for 45 minutes with Trevor Potter , his McCain counterpart , on June 6 when they met to talk about a possible town-hall appearance between the candidates . Potter said the two "  spoke in general terms about the public financing system , with Bob outlining reasons it could be considered ` broken ' or irrelevant in 2008 , and I explaining why Sen. McCain remained committed to it and thought it was good for the country . " Given his record-breaking ability to raise donations over the Internet , the Illinois Democrat probably will be able to raise more than and outspend the presumptive GOP nominee . Watch CNN 's Candy Crowley explain the significance of Obama 's decision " Since January 2007 , Obama has raised more than $ 272 million , including nearly $ 31 million in April . During that time period , McCain has raised less than half that amount , roughly $ 100 million . In April , the Arizona Republican brought in about $ 18 million . The FEC ruled unanimously in March 2007 that presidential candidates could accept general election public financing , provided that they return any money raised for the general election while following certain guidelines . At the time , Obama 's actions appeared to be a desire on his part to preserve the public financing option while enabling him to raise general election money . After that ruling , spokesman Bill Burton said , "  Sen. Obama is pleased the FEC took this important step in preserving the public financing system , which is why he sought the opinion . If Sen. Obama is the nominee , he will aggressively pursue an agreement with the Republican nominee to preserve a publicly financed general election . " McCain is embroiled in controversy over his attempt to withdraw from the primary public financing system . He entered the program last year when his campaign was strapped for cash , and took a loan using future fundraising -- or the matching funds from the public financing system -- as collateral . But after his primary victories on Super Tuesday , McCain wrote to the Federal Elections Commission announcing his intent to withdraw from the program . But the FEC has four vacancies -- and no quorum -- to vote on whether to allow McCain 's withdrawal . And federal election rules say that a candidate who uses the matching funds as collateral can not withdraw from the system . The Democratic National Committee has filed a complaint with the FEC , but the lack of a quorum has stalled assessment of the complaint . Obama , meanwhile , asked supporters Thursday to "  declare our independence from a broken system , and run the type of campaign that reflects the grass-roots values that have already changed our politics and brought us this far . " The Democrat also attacked McCain and Republicans for taking money from lobbyists and political action committees , and he faulted McCain for not checking the campaign spending of conservative groups independent from his campaign . "  We 've already seen that he 's not going to stop the smears and attacks from his allies running so-called 527 groups , who will spend millions and millions of dollars in unlimited donations , " the e-mail said , referring to independent political advocacy groups that often purchase issue ads independent of the presidential campaigns . These groups operate under Section 527 of the Internal Revenue Service tax code . CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Sen. John McCain says decision "  should be disturbing to all Americans " Analyst says voters favor the way Obama has raised campaign cash Sen. Barack Obama calls public finance system "  broken " Move will allow Obama to spend unlimited amount of money
Washington  CNN  -- In a sharp turnaround , House Republican leaders Monday dropped a key demand that the cost of extending the payroll tax cut be offset by spending cuts elsewhere in the budget . The decision removes a major obstacle to passage of the tax cut extension for the rest of the year -- a move that has been in question . Democrats called the GOP decision welcome news -- a "  major breakthrough , " according to a Democratic aide familiar with the negotiations -- because the tax cut , which would otherwise expire February 29 , is a key part of President Barack Obama 's economic recovery strategy . For Republicans , the move trims a thorny political issue . After nearly blocking an extension of the payroll tax cut late last year over concerns about how to pay for it , Republicans acknowledged they had angered voters . The top three Republican leaders in the House released a statement saying they were prepared to remove the contentious payroll issue from a bill that would also extend unemployment benefits and prevent a fee cut to Medicare doctors -- known as the "  doc fix " -- in order to "  protect small businesses and our economy from the consequences of Washington Democrats ' political games . " "  Unfortunately , to date , Democrats have refused virtually every spending cut proposed -- insisting on job-threatening tax hikes on small businesses and job creators -- and with respect to the need for an extension of the payroll tax cut , time is running short , " said the statement from House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , and House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy , R-California . In the past , House GOP leaders have often struggled to get rank-and-file conservative members to go along with their decisions on spending issues -- particularly when related to negotiations with Democrats . The fact that all three leaders issued the statement was seen by aides in both parties as a sign that they expect to be able to pass the bill without conservatives who might break with the leadership . House Republicans will meet in closed session Tuesday to discuss the proposal , which could be voted on in the House by the end of the week , the leaders said . Aides in both parties said they expect negotiations to continue on the so-called "  doc-fix " and unemployment benefit extension . But they said removing the payroll issue from those talks should make it easier to reach agreement on them . Those talks would also include potential cost offsets for the payroll tax cut extension , even if it has already passed , the GOP leaders said in their statement . Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , who heads the Senate Republican election effort , said the decision removes a political hurdle for Republicans as they head into what 's expected to be a hard-fought election . "  I think we all recognize that the president 's playbook is one to run against Congress and claim we 're the problem , " he told CNN . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney insisted Monday there was time for Congress to work out a comprehensive agreement that would extend both the payroll tax cut and unemployment insurance . However , Carney stopped short of saying Obama would oppose the House proposal to separate the payroll tax provision from the other issues under negotiation . "  This is a hypothetical proposal put out that they said they might do if conversations with folks on Capitol Hill do n't progress according to the way they want , " Carney told reporters . "  Let 's just see how this process plays out . Extending unemployment insurance as well as the so-called ` doc fix ' is equally important -- certainly very important , and very important for our economy . So the president supports extending all of it , and doing it in a way that is easily achievable if folks put ideological and partisan positions aside . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The White House says there is time to work out a comprehensive deal House Republicans say they will not demand spending cuts to offset the payroll tax cut Republicans concede they had angered voters by pushing that issue late last year The move , House GOP leaders say , will blunt "  Democrats ' political games "
CNN  -- Shilling etiquette advice is an old and illustrious profession . As long as there 's been a society , there 's also been appropriate social behavior  and a goodly number of schmucks who do everything wrong  . We 've come a long way since the 17th-century , court-appointed rules of courtesy , but things have n't actually changed that much since Emily Post , the maven of manners herself , published "  Etiquette " in 1922 . She did n't exactly see our modern array of technology coming  "  With a hair-pin and a visiting card , " she wrote , "  a woman  is ready to meet most emergencies . "  , but her do 's and do n'ts feel surprisingly modern . Here are some gems from the delightfully wry brain of an etiquette hero , and our takes on their modern translations . Then : "  A gentleman never discusses his family affairs either in public or with acquaintances , nor does he speak more than casually about his wife . A man is a cad who tells anyone , no matter who , what his wife told him in confidence , or describes what she looks like in her bedroom . To impart details of her beauty is scarcely better than to publish her blemishes ; to do either is unspeakable . " Now : Emily could have been speaking directly to Mark Zuckerberg here , moments before he began that really mean blog post tearing apart the chick from "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . " The audience to such flagrant meanness was once a bro 's smoking buddies ; now it 's anyone with an Internet connection and the ability to Google . Taking to one 's social-media channels to speak ill of a co-worker , friend or lover remains , well , unspeakable . Vent your frustrations with old-fashioned gossip or scrawl criticism in a diary or in a personal e-mail instead of hitting "  publish . " Then : "  The letter you write , whether you realize it or not , is always a mirror which reflects your appearance , taste and character . A ` sloppy ' letter with the writing all pouring into one corner of the page , badly worded , badly spelled , and with unmatched paper and envelope -- even possibly a blot -- proclaims the sort of person who would have unkempt hair , unclean linen and broken shoe laces ; just as a neat , precise , evenly written note portrays a person of like characteristics . "  Therefore , while it can not be said with literal accuracy that one may read the future of a person by study of his handwriting , it is true that if a young man wishes to choose a wife in whose daily life he is sure always to find the unfinished task , the untidy mind and the syncopated housekeeping , he may do it quite simply by selecting her from her letters . " Now : Zing ! Sexist guilt trips aside , Emily 's onto something here . Yes , e-mail and spell check and digital fonts that reveal nothing of your atrocious handwriting have really taken away some of the hand-wringing over correspondence . But that means it 's all the more important that you send clean , unblemished e-mails . Horrific spelling , atrocious grammar , missing punctuation , wingdings galore -- all just as bad as said inkblot . Then : "  When you have been staying over Sunday , or for longer , in someone 's house , it is absolutely necessary that you write a letter of thanks to your hostess within a few days after the visit ... Do n't be afraid that your  thank you note to your spouse 's / friend 's parents  is too informal ; older people are always pleased with any expressions from the young that seem friendly and spontaneous . "  Never think , because you can not easily write a letter , that it is better not to write at all . The most awkward note that can be imagined is better than none -- for to write none is the depth of rudeness , whereas the awkward note merely fails to delight . " Now : Thank you notes are hard ! They were hard 90 years ago , too ! And now some of them can come via e-mail so you have no excuse whatsoever for sulking into the ether without a little gratitude-based follow-up . Just bang something out . Let it be awkward . It 's the gesture , not the content , that helps , and homegirl 's got a point : A conversational note can make an old person feel more hip , less hip-replacement-seeking . Then : There are only two forms of farewell : "  Good-bye " and "  Good night . " Never say "  Au revoir " unless you have been talking French , or are speaking to a French person . Never interlard your conversation with foreign words or phrases when you can possibly translate them into English ; and the occasions when our mother tongue will not serve are extremely rare . Now : In our digital dealings , the problem is less about foreign phrases  a friendly "  Merci ! " is better than no thank you at all to the intern who just spent four hours doing data entry for you  . Rather , the issue is LOLspeak -- the ugly Internet-bred lexicon that Emily could n't have seen coming . In nine out of 10 e-mails , posts and other missives , a spelled out word will be clearer and less idiotic-sounding than its abbreviated synonym .  This rule does not apply to hilar advice columns of the world , obvi . Hey , YOLO .	Etiquette advice is as old as society , and Emily Post was "  maven of manners " Much of her guidance can be updated to Internet age , Brenna Ehrlich and Andrea Bartz say E-mails full of poor grammar and spelling have supplanted poor penmanship , they say "  Thank you " notes are still important , even if they 're digital , the two say
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- With protests raging in the streets of Islamabad , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif met with military leaders Monday to discuss the option of resigning for three months , a government official with direct knowledge told CNN . Discussions also included the creation of a judicial commission to investigate the elections that led to Sharif 's party taking power , said the source , who did n't want to be identified because of the sensitivity of the subject matter . But the website for the Inter Services Public Relations , the military 's publicity wing , said reports of the meeting and the possibility of Sharif resigning are "  totally baseless . " Thousands of protesters demanding Sharif 's resignation have battled police and soldiers in the street for weeks . Three people have died and 450 have been injured , Pakistani medical authorities have said . Sharif has vowed to remain on the job in spite the violent demonstrations . The protesters accuse him of rigging last year 's elections that allowed his party -- the Pakistani Muslim League Nawaz -- to take power . On Monday , the Pakistani military was called in to protect the state-run television station from protesters . The station went off the air for a brief period but returned to broadcasting . The soldiers were called in after protesters pushed past police and penetrated into the Red Zone , the area housing the Prime Minister 's official residence and other government buildings . The demonstrators were armed with sticks and shields and threw rocks , while riot police fought back with tear gas . Some protesters carried chains and handcuffs to show they want Sharif taken away in handcuffs . Clashes with police broke out again around 5 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  . Police fired tear gas at the demonstrators as they approached residential areas . On Sunday , local news crews , including cameramen from three channels , were attacked by police trying to disperse protesters . Thousands of supporters of cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan have protested . They 've been joined by followers of cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri , who has accused Sharif of corruption and campaigned for more to be done for the country 's poor . Sharif is on his third stint as Prime Minister in Pakistan . Interventions by the military ended Sharif 's term as Prime Minister in 1999 when Pervez Musharraf , the head of the army at the time , overthrew him . In a dramatic fall from grace , Sharif ended up in jail , convicted of hijacking charges for trying to stop a plane with Musharraf from landing . He then went into exile in Saudi Arabia and did n't return to Pakistan until 2007 when he teamed up with the Pakistani People 's Party to force Musharraf from office . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and journalist Adeel Raja reported from Islamabad ; CNN 's Ralph Ellis wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Brian Walker also contributed to this report .	Source : Prime Minister meets with military leaders about temporarily stepping down Protesters penetrate area housing the Prime Minister 's residence in Islamabad Pakistan military calls reports of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif stepping down "  baseless " At least three people have died and 450 have been hurt in protests , medical authorities say
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government unveiled new proposed regulations Wednesday mandating "  bolder health warnings " on cigarette advertisements and packages , according to a news release from the Department of Health and Human Services . The proposed requirements , characterized as the biggest change in tobacco health warnings in 25 years , include "  nine new larger and more noticeable textual warning statements and color graphic images depicting the negative health consequences of smoking , " the release stated . The public will have an opportunity to weigh in on 36 proposed images through January 9 . Assuming the plan moves forward as scheduled , Food and Drug Administration officials will select the nine statements and images to be used no later than June 22 . Rules requiring the use of the new images and warnings on all cigarettes distributed for sale in the United States would take effect by October 22 , 2012 . "  Today , FDA takes a crucial step toward reducing the tremendous toll of illness and death caused by tobacco use by proposing to dramatically change how cigarette packages and advertising look in this country , " FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said . "  When the rule takes effect , the health consequences of smoking will be obvious every time someone picks up a pack of cigarettes . ... This is a concrete example of how FDA 's new responsibilities for tobacco product regulation can benefit the public 's health . " Mathew L. Myers , the president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids , called the proposed changes "  the most significant change in U.S. cigarette warnings since they were first required in 1965 . " Anti-tobacco advocate Richard Daynard praised the new warnings . "  It 's about time , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  Canada has had similar labels for at least five years and they 've been very effective in reducing consumption there . It 's an absolutely costless way to get information to people in a way that they will actually pay attention to it . " The law professor at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts , and president of the Public Health Advocacy Institute said current warning labels "  are unread , as as far as anyone can tell ... It 's not going to be possible to ignore the new ones . " The change became possible last year , he said , when Congress gave the FDA the broad power to regulate tobacco products . Before that , "  everything that was done had to be done by a vote of Congress . " Stanton Glantz was more blunt about why it had taken so long to effect change in the United States . "  It 's because the tobacco companies have a lot of muscles , " the professor of medicine at the University of California at San Francisco told CNN in a telephone interview . "  And because they give loads and loads and loads of money to politicians . " Under the current labeling , the United States "  has the weakest warning labels in the world , " Glantz said . Glantz , who also directs the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at UCSF , predicted that some tobacco companies "  almost certainly " are going to sue claiming that publishing the warnings would prove too onerous . In a statement , Philip Morris USA said it supported several of the initiatives cited by HHS regarding tobacco issues . "  Philip Morris USA has actively participated in the FDA 's rule-making and public comment processes and plans to do the same on this proposal , " it said . But David Howard , a spokesman for R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. , said the legality of requiring larger , graphic warnings on cigarette packages was already the subject of a lawsuit filed by the maker of Camel and Pall Mall cigarettes . The suit alleges that the warnings violate the company 's First Amendment rights of commercial , free speech , Howard told CNN in a telephone interview . "  Seizing half of our packaging , devaluing our trademarks , we 're challenging that , " he said . Though the suit was rejected last year in federal district court in Bowling Green , Kentucky , the company has appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit , which is expected to take up the matter next year , Howard said . Tobacco use , according to the federal government , causes 443,000 deaths in the United States each year and remains the leading cause of premature and preventable death nationwide . An estimated 30 percent of all cancer deaths are related to tobacco use , health officials say . In the United States , smokers number 46 million -- including 20.6 percent of adults and 19.5 percent of high school students , according to the federal government . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	NEW : R.J. Reynolds is challenging the requirement in court Current labels are largely ignored , an anti-tobacco advocate says The federal government is pushing for "  bolder " warnings on cigarette ads and packages The new rules would constitute the biggest changes in tobacco warnings in 25 years
EW.com  -- After Rob Thomas launched a Kickstarter campaign to finance the Veronica Mars movie , the Internet went crazy . The $ 2 million goal was reached in less than a day , more incentives were added for new backers , and the fund continues to grow . EW 's Jeff Jensen -- who also broke the news -- sat down with Thomas , the creator of the cult TV show , to discuss the movie , the implications of using Kickstarter and much more about the Mars universe . Here are 10 things we learned : Thomas is up for a Veronica Mars book series : "  I will admit it . I 'm probably not interested in sitting down and writing a series of Veronica Mars detective paperbacks , but I could be the Carolyn Keene of Veronica Mars and okay outlines and kind of set up the world for the books to exist in and then bring in writers to do 'em . I 'm totally game for that . I would love to see this franchise get some heat and get its due . " He 's genuinely surprised by the reaction : "  I never expected to hit $ 2 million in however many hours we did -- 10 ? But I probably had similar thoughts to you , that we 'd hit our goal at maybe a week or two and then beyond that , I would hope we would keep climbing . Yeah , the tidal wave , I was not prepared for at all . " EW : ` Veronica Mars ' movie is a go He has a magic number in mind for the Kickstarter fund : "  What I had my heart set on when we 've launched , what I hoped to get to , was $ 5 million . And I figure anything over $ 5 million , I 'm pretty damn happy . Anything under $ 5 million , I was going to be less happy . That was like my mental happiness point . " The money raised wo n't all go toward making the movie : "  We only get to count the money that we have after we fulfill rewards , and the rewards could be expensive because we are giving really good packages , so we 're losing a lot off the top . It 's not as though you can look at our total , like right now we 're at $ 3.5 -LSB- million -RSB- , and say , "  That 's , $ 3.5 for their production budget . " -LSB- Ed . note : At publishing time , the fund sits at just over $ 3.7 million . -RSB- It 's going got be significantly less than that once we send out 50,000 t-shirts and all those DVDs and posters and pay to rent the giant theaters for premieres . There 's a lot of overhead . " EW : Is the ` Veronica Mars ' movie a good thing ? Baton Rouge might have to stand in for Neptune : "  What 's going to affect our production budget is the money we raise on Kickstarter , minus the fulfillment , and that 's going to affect very specific things . Like , if the money stopped now , I know that we would probably be faking Neptune , Calif. , probably somewhere like Baton Rouge , La. , and it wo n't quite look right . We 'll do our best to make Baton Rouge look like Southern California , but it wo n't be quite the same . We 're going to need to make some more money . Shooting in Southern California is more expensive than shooting in Louisiana , and I want to shoot in Southern California -- the movie will look better . The thing is , we 're totally prepared to shoot it somewhere else , but man , suddenly I 'll have palm trees in shots and Veronica will be walking along a sandy beach and it will affect the way the movie looks . " They are n't doing this to get paid : "  For doing the movie , I am taking the guild-minimum . So no one is getting big upfront money . Trust me , Kristen is not getting paid close to her quote , or anywhere near . We 're all working for labor of love prices . " Only he and Kristen are signed so far : "  I want -LSB- all the actors -RSB- in the movie . The assumption is they 'll all be in the movie . We 're in negotiations with everyone . It 's one of those things where everybody wants to do it , I want everybody in it -- just deals need to be made . " He really wants Freaks and Geeks to follow Veronica 's lead : "  If they wanted to Kickstarter a Freaks and Geeks movie , I would be first in line . I want the maximum package . I would pay whatever it took to get a Freaks and Geeks movie , because I love that show . " EW : 25 child stars who made it \ He 's aware of the criticisms about Kickstarter funding a studio-backed film : "  I 'm watching a lot of the buzz on this , and it seems to me that the people who complain the most , and the complaint is , ` Why am I giving money to a studio to make a movie ? ' as though there 's no return on that money . I think that before people look at it , their sense is , ` Hey , I 'm just throwing money at something . ' They 're not understanding that they 're getting a product in return . That 's where the disconnect is . Those people who are complaining about that , I want to say , ` If you 're a Veronica Mars fan , you 're getting cool stuff . ' You 're getting stuff I think you would pay for anyway ; you 're just pre-buying it , and by pre-buying it , you 're showing the studio that there is enough market interested in making this movie worthwhile . " He has high standards for his movie : "  Who thinks we 'd be better off without The Godfather Part II , which by the way , is the bar that I 'm setting for the Veronica Mars movie . " For more on Veronica Mars , pick up this week 's issue of Entertainment Weekly . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Veronica Mars ' creator shocked by how quickly he raised money The film based on the show got boost from a Kickstarter campaign He said no one is getting upfront money to participate
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In 2009 , some units of the New York Police Department still function more like "  Dragnet " than "  CSI . " They rely on typewriters . Records show New York City signed a $ 432,900 contract for typewriter maintenance with in 2008 . NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne confirmed the department 's continued , if limited , use of the 20th-century writing devices , explaining that they 're mainly used for filling out property vouchers -- forms that officers must file when they seize items during case investigations . The typewriters also are retained in case a technological meltdown disables the NYPD 's computers , he said . The vintage typing machines do not come cheap . Public records show that the city signed a $ 432,900 contract for typewriter maintenance with Afax Business Machines in 2008 , as well as a $ 99,570 contract with that company in 2009 . Typewriter company Swintec received a $ 982,269 contract from the city in 2007 . Eugene O'Donnell , a former New York police officer who now lectures at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice , said the typewriters are an anachronism -- and a waste . "  The two places you 'd find typewriters are the museum and the police department , " O'Donnell said . Typewriters create significant efficiency and storage problems for the department , he added , causing extra labor and unwieldy paper trails . Deputy Commissioner Browne emphasized that "  we have a $ 4 billion budget " and the financial resources devoted to typewriters are relatively miniscule . Officers interviewed by CNN on the street had no soft spots for the contraptions . "  It 's so antiquated , " said one officer who did not want to be identified . Her partner shared her frustration . "  It 's very inconvenient -- you have to find ink , you have to find this , find that . "	Typewriters mainly used for filling out property voucher , says NYPD official Public records show city signed $ 432,900 contract for typewriter maintenance "  It 's so antiquated , " said one officer
Beijing  CNN  A New Year 's Eve stampede in Shanghai that killed 36 people and injured 49 others was "  totally preventable , " local officials said Wednesday . "  We feel very sad and extremely guilty , " Vice Mayor Zhou Bo told a nationally televised press conference . "  We offer our deepest condolences to the victims , and express our deepest apologies to their families as well as the injured and their families . " An investigating team said the stampede happened at 11:35 p.m. local time when huge crowds trying to reach the iconic riverfront promenade , known as the Bund , clashed with others attempting to leave on a staircase . Most of the victims were in their 20s with the youngest being only 12 years old . Of the injured , three remained in a serious condition in hospital as of Wednesday . Investigators blamed various government agencies of the city 's Huangpu district , whose jurisdiction includes the Bund , for the fatal incident . They said local officials were "  ill-prepared " for the crowds and "  mishandled " the aftermath . Although the district authorities had earlier called off a popular riverfront light show on New Year 's Eve , thousands of revelers -- unaware of the cancellation due to the lack of official updates -- still flocked to the Bund , investigators said . They singled out the district police department for severely underestimating the crowd size -- which had reached 310,000 people by midnight -- and assigning fewer than 600 officers and other security personnel to the area . Three top district officials in Huangpu have been sacked -- the local Communist Party boss , his deputy and the district police chief , and a total of 11 officials face punishment for their role in the incident . In a nod to public criticism , the ruling Communist Party 's disciplinary arm in Shanghai also confirmed on Wednesday that several Huangpu district officials -- including the fired Communist boss and his deputy -- violated Party regulations by wining and dining for free at a high-end Japanese restaurant on the Bund shortly before the stampede . After Chinese President Xi Jinping warned officials about public safety following the stampede , authorities across the country have rushed to cancel large gatherings , ranging from pop concerts to shopping festivals . But Zhou , Shanghai 's vice mayor , said that , after careful risk assessments , officials have green-lighted most planned events in the city for the upcoming Chinese New Year celebrations in February -- though the popular lantern festival at the ancient City Temple wo n't go ahead .	Shanghai officials say New Year 's Eve stamped that killed 35 "  totally preventable " "  We feel very sad and extremely guilty , " vice mayor tells press conference Investigators said local officials were "  ill-prepared " and "  mishandled " the aftermath Three local officials have been sacked
CNN  -- Mitt Romney suspended his bid for the Republican presidential nomination Thursday , saying if he continued it would "  forestall the launch of a national campaign and be making it easier for Senator Clinton or Obama to win . " "  In this time of war , I simply can not let my campaign be a part of aiding a surrender to terror . This is not an easy decision . I hate to lose , " the former Massachusetts governor said . "  If this were only about me , I 'd go on . But it 's never been only about me . I entered this race because I love America , and because I love America , in this time of war I feel I have to now stand aside for our party and for our country . " Romney made the announcement Thursday afternoon at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington . With Romney out , Sen. John McCain is locked in as the front-runner in the GOP race . Romney had won 286 delegates through the Super Tuesday contests , compared with McCain 's 697 . The crowd booed when Romney mentioned McCain , saying , "  I disagree with Sen. McCain on a number of issues . " Watch as Romney bows out " "  But I agree with him on doing whatever it takes to be successful in Iraq , on finding and executing Osama bin Laden , and I agree with him on eliminating al Qaeda and terror worldwide , " he said . According to a senior McCain adviser , McCain called Romney and told him he "  admired his speech today and that he was a tough competitor . " McCain also told Romney he looks forward to sitting down with him at the earliest opportunity . McCain did not ask Romney for his endorsement . Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama viewed Romney as a more vulnerable candidate , preferring to run against him rather than McCain , CNN senior political correspondent Candy Crowley said . "  They were looking at Mitt Romney as pretty doable in the political sense saying , ` This is a guy that has a record that we can really run with ' and they ran with it in the Republican Party as you know , saying that he used to be pro-choice , now he 's anti-abortion . He has changed his position on stem cells , he has changed his position on gay unions , that sort of thing , " she said . As recently as Wednesday , Romney met with aides to discuss strategy to stay in the race through March 4 . Although he outspent his rivals , Romney received just 175 delegates on Super Tuesday , compared with at least 504 for McCain and 141 for former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , according to CNN estimates . Romney came in first in Massachusetts , Alaska , Minnesota , Colorado and Utah on Super Tuesday . In the early voting contests , he won Nevada , Maine , Michigan and Wyoming . After his win in the first-in-the-nation Iowa caucuses , Huckabee became Romney 's chief rival for the party 's conservative vote . Huckabee on Tuesday won Arkansas , Tennessee , Georgia , Alabama and West Virginia . Romney entered the race in early 2007 after finishing his single term as governor with the support of much of the GOP 's conservative establishment . He had campaigned as the viable conservative alternative to McCain , who has infuriated much of the party 's activist base over the years . But voters "  just did n't get a sense of him that gave enough of them enough confidence , " said former education secretary and radio talk-show host Bill Bennett . "  A lot of people could n't get comfortable with Romney for one reason or another -- changes in position ; ` Why is he going this way ? He 's a businessman , why does he sound like he is a born-again Christian ? ' People were just not sure of what the message was , " Bennett said . The 60-year-old former investment banker touted his management credentials throughout the campaign , citing his experience in Massachusetts and his turnaround of the scandal-plagued 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , Utah . Despite pouring millions of his own fortune into the campaign , Romney struggled after Huckabee upset him in the Iowa caucuses and McCain came from behind to beat him in New Hampshire . "  Primaries are a killing field , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider . "  They take losing candidates and get their bodies off the field . " Suspending a campaign has a different meaning depending on the party . On the Republican side , decisions on how to allocate delegates are left to the state parties . On the Democratic side , a candidate who "  suspends " is technically still a candidate , so he or she keeps both district and statewide delegates won through primaries and caucuses . Superdelegates are always free to support any candidate at any time , whether the candidate drops out , suspends or stays in . National party rules say a candidate who "  drops out " keeps any district-level delegates he or she has won so far but loses any statewide delegates he or she has won . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Robert Yoon , Dana Bash and chief national correspondent John King contributed to this report .	Romney : "  I can not let my campaign be a part of aiding a surrender to terror " GOP hopeful won 286 delegates through the Super Tuesday contests Primaries are a killing field , says CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider John McCain locks in front-runner position
CNN  -- Wisconsin on Friday joined the growing number of states where federal judges have struck down same-sex marriage bans . The decision was cheered by lesbian and gay rights advocates , but it 's not necessarily a final victory . The Wisconsin ban violates the U.S. Constitution , said U.S. District Judge Barbara Crabb . She said same-sex couples "  are entitled to the same treatment as any heterosexual couple . " "  I conclude that the Wisconsin laws prohibiting marriage between same-sex couples interfere with plaintiffs ' right to marry , in violation of the due process clause , and discriminate against plaintiffs on the basis of sexual orientation , in violation of the  Constitution 's  equal protection clause , " the judge wrote . Crabb did not immediately stay her own ruling , as some other federal judges issuing similar decisions have done , nor did she state that it takes effect right away . Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen said the current law restricting marriage to one man and one woman , which is written into the Wisconsin state constitution , "  remains in force . " "  While today 's decision is a setback , we 'll continue to defend the constitutionality of our traditional marriage laws and the constitutional amendment , which was overwhelmingly approved by voters , " Van Hollen said . "  I will appeal . " Opinion : Marriage equality is unstoppable In her ruling , Crabb noted that all federal judges weighing in on state same-sex marriage bans have come to the same conclusion -- that such prohibitions should not stand -- since the Supreme Court 's landmark ruling on U.S. v. Winsdor last June . That 5-4 opinion , written by Justice Anthony Kennedy , struck down the Defense of Marriage Act 's definition of marriage as only between a man and a woman but did not directly affect individual states ' laws restricting marriage based on sexual orientation . Yet many federal judges have cited the decision on United States v. Windsor in their judgments , as well as the argument that same-sex marriage bans violate the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution . Several appeals courts have heard arguments on some of the district court rulings that have been challenged , though none has come out with its own decision . Van Hollen said he expects "  the U.S. Supreme Court will give finality to this issue in their next term . " Even if it 's not a final decision , LGBT advocates cheered Friday 's ruling on Wisconsin . "  Across the country , the courts agree : Same-sex couples and their families need the dignity of marriage , and anti-marriage laws are indefensible , " said Evan Wolfson , president of the advocacy group Freedom to Marry . " ... Today 's decision in Wisconsin underscores that all of America is ready for the freedom to marry . It 's time now for the Supreme Court to bring resolution nationwide . " State-by-state breakdown on same-sex marriage	A federal judge strikes down Wisconsin 's ban on same-sex marriage She 's the latest judge to do so ; the Supreme Court could decide the case Wisconsin 's attorney general says the current law stands , he 'll appeal ruling
CNN  -- You can find many things in Williams-Sonoma , the kitchenware retailer . Cookie sheets . Spatulas . And , oh yeah , an idea for treating gunshot wounds . At least , that 's what RevMedx found . The U.S. military had asked the medical technology company to come up with a solution for stopping gunshot and shrapnel wounds from bleeding out . The working idea was a medical version of Fix-a-Flat , the foam you squirt in punctured tires to plug up a hole .  Perhaps the military had been browsing at Pep Boys . Instead , it was a sponge that solved the problem , says Andrew Barofsky , RevMedx 's CEO . "  One of the co-founders of the company , Dr. Ken Gregory , was shopping at a Williams-Sonoma and discovered this kitchen sponge that was dried and compressed . You 'd bring it home , splash water under it , and it would pop up into a normal-sized kitchen sponge , " he recalls . "  That was kind of a lightbulb moment . " Through a series of iterations , the concept was turned into XStat , a dose of tiny sponge-like discs that are injected into an open wound with a syringe . The sponges , which have been treated with an anti-hemorrhagic substance , expand to 10 times their size in seconds , both plugging the wound and providing needed compression to stanch the bleeding . It could be a revolutionary battlefield tool , says John Steinbaugh , a former Special Forces medic and the company 's director of strategic development . In battle , life is measured in blood , and the standard method of plugging wounds -- packing them with gauze or tampons and then applying direct pressure for several minutes -- can take several minutes too long , he says . Bleeding out is a major cause of fatalities . "  Three to five minutes can mean the difference between life and death , " he says . Medics were looking for something that "  you fire and forget , " he says . "  You put it in and the bleeding instantly stops . " XStat received FDA approval in April , and RevMedx is now ready to get it into the hands of medics , says Barofsky . He expects to provide a limited quantity of XStats to the U.S. military in 2014 , with the hopes of expanding the market to other clients -- such as paramedics and law enforcement officers -- in the future . Steinbaugh , who spent 25 years in the military , believes the XStat can be , literally , a life saver . "  Every drop of blood on the battlefield is precious , " he says . "  The faster you can stop the bleeding , the higher the probability you can save a guy 's life . " And you thought sponges were just for washing dishes .	XStat is an invention used to plug wounds Syringe filled with tiny sponges fills up wound , applies compression in seconds On a battlefield , where risk of bleeding out is high , innovation is key XStat received FDA approval in April and will be shipped to U.S. military
This Mother 's Day , skip the flowers and forget the chocolate  unless it 's dark  ! Give your mom something she really needs -- the gift of good health . Do something good for mom this Mother 's Day by getting her healthy food and investing in her wellness . No , you do n't have to buy her a treadmill . There are many other things you can do to give your mom a boost in terms of her physical  or mental  well-being . Most moms will truly appreciate that your Mother 's Day gift is aimed at keeping her happy , healthy , and in your life for a long time . In case you are drawing a blank , we came up with a list of healthy -- and relatively inexpensive -- gift ideas for every mom . 1 . Give the gift of  your  time and support at the doctor 's office . "  Offer to be your mom 's health buddy , " says Philadelphia-based women 's health expert Dr. Marie Savard , author of several books , including Ask Dr. Marie : Straight Talk and Reassuring Answers to Your Most Private Questions . "  Promise to be there for any and all doctor 's visits whether a mammogram or routine appointment , " she said . "  Most moms always say ` do n't bother , ' but another set of eyes and ears is always a good idea at a doctor 's visit . " The best part ? This one is free . Health.com : A mammogram may have saved my life 2 . Give the gift of healthy eating . Rather than an expensive , artery-clogging brunch , you can spring for a visit with the nutritionist and follow it with a healthy meal . "  Mother 's Day is a great reason to get your mom to see a nutritionist , " said Dana Greene , a nutritionist in private practice in Boston . "  Nutritionists can really tailor their advice to whatever issues mom is having with her diet , including losing weight or learning how to eat to reduce her risk of certain diseases such as breast cancer or osteoporosis , " Greene says . "  An appointment lasts about an hour and is relatively inexpensive . Take mom out for a healthy brunch afterward and watch her put all she learned into practice . " Health.com : How to eat out without getting fat Greene also suggests subscribing to a healthy-cooking magazine to keep your mom in the healthy-eating mindset all year . Savard added : "  Make and freeze healthy foods in individual containers for your mom . " She suggested making healthy versions of your mother 's fave foods . 3 . Give the gift of organization . Instead of making a photo album of family snapshots  although that 's nice too  , make your mom a folder containing all of her medical records , Savard said . "  Put a folder together of test results and vital information so it is all in one place , " she said . Make sure to include a list of all of her medications and what times she takes them . "  Having all this information in one place could end up saving your mom 's life , " Savard said . 4 . Give the gift of a good night 's sleep . Adequate sleep is linked to a lower risk of type 2 diabetes , as well as other health conditions . "  Buy your mom satin sheets , a new mattress , a mattress cover , or a luxurious pillow to encourage better sleep , " Savard said . "  We know that restorative sleep is critical to our immune system and heart health . " For new mothers , offer to watch the baby while she takes a nap . This will also allow you to spend quality time with the kids , so "  it 's a win-win , " she said . Health.com : 10 Risk factors for heart disease 5 . Give the gift of healthful goodies . Instead of a gourmet gift basket filled with cheese and crackers or sweets , make your own healthy gift basket for your mom , suggests Savard . Not sure what to put in it ? Start with a multivitamin , calcium supplements , and vitamin D supplements . "  If you know your mom is trying to get more fiber , put some fiber supplements in the basket too , " she says . "  A pedometer , some arm weights , and maybe a tape measure can also be part of this gift , " Savard says . A tape measure can help mom measure her waist size , which is a known risk factor for heart disease and diabetes . Health.com : Fitness and spa products that support the fight against breast cancer 6 . Give the gift that keeps on giving . Accessory and gift companies such as Presents for Purpose allow you to pay it forward this Mother 's Day by picking gifts in which 10 percent of the proceeds benefit a charity of your choice . "  This year we are all trying to conserve money , so why not have your funds go further with a gift that gives back , " said company founder , Alayna Kassan . Gift givers can choose from bathrobes , cosmetics bags , scented candles , and a plethora of other items -- many of which are "  green " -- and then choose a meaningful charity from a list . "  When your mom gets the gift , she will be notified that it will benefit the chosen charity , " Kassan said . "  We have a few breast cancer charities on the site and they all do well on Mother 's Day . " Health.com : 5 Secrets to get slim success 7 . Give the gift of chocolate -- if you must . "  If you are a traditionalist and you must give chocolate , choose dark chocolate , " Greene said . Dark chocolate contains antioxidants , which can mop up the damaging free radicals known to play a role in heart disease and other illnesses , as long as you choose types with less sugar and fewer calories . "  This way you can satisfy her sweet tooth and benefit her heart , " she said . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Forget conventional flowers and chocolate , try healthy gifts for Mother 's Day Give the gift of  your  time and support at the doctor 's office Rather than artery-clogging brunch , spring for a visit with nutritionist
CNN  -- Sometime in late 2007 , Basaaly Saeed Moalin , a cabdriver living in San Diego , began to have a series of phone conversations with Aden Hashi Ayrow , one of the leaders of Al-Shabaab , a notorious Somali terrorist group . Moalin had no idea the National Security Agency was listening in . In one of those phone calls Ayrow urged Moalin to send money to Al-Shabaab , telling him that he urgently needed several thousand dollars . At one point Ayrow told Moalin that it was "  time to finance the jihad " and at another , "  You are running late with the stuff . Send some and something will happen . " Over several months in 2008 , Moalin transferred thousands of dollars to Al-Shabaab . Moalin even told Ayrow that he could use his house in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , and "  after you bury your stuff deep in the ground , you would , then , plant the trees on top . " U.S. prosecutors later asserted that Moalin was offering his house to Al-Shabaab as a place to hide weapons . Earlier this year the San Diego cabbie was convicted of conspiracy to provide material support to Al-Shabaab and of money laundering for the terrorist organization . In 2012 , Al-Shabaab  "  the Youth " in Arabic  formally announced its merger with al Qaeda . However , there is nothing on the public record to suggest Moalin was planning an attack in the United States . Another financial supporter of a terrorist group who was detected by NSA surveillance was Khalid Ouazzani , a native of Morocco and a naturalized American living in Kansas City , Missouri . Sometime in 2008 , Ouazzani , who ran Truman Used Auto Parts in Kansas City , swore an oath of allegiance to al Qaeda and , until he was arrested two years later , he sent funds to the terrorist group , providing a total of some $ 23,000 to al Qaeda . As revealed Tuesday at a House Intelligence Committee hearing about the NSA 's surveillance programs , Ouazzani also had some kind of a "  nascent " plan to attack the New York Stock Exchange , according to FBI Deputy Director Sean Joyce . Ouazzani 's attorney told CNNMoney he had no part in such a plot , and court documents in his case do not mention any plan to attack the stock exchange . Al-Shabaab 's connection to San Diego and al Qaeda 's connection to Kansas City were two of the terrorist conspiracies that were uncovered by NSA surveillance that Joyce and other top national security officials , including the NSA 's director , Gen. Keith Alexander , pointed to at Tuesday 's hearing as examples of how NSA programs have worked to interrupt terrorist plotting . These officials otherwise gave no new public information to substantiate the claim that Alexander had made last week that "  dozens of terrorist events " had been averted by NSA surveillance , both in the United States and abroad . On Tuesday , Alexander said he would provide members of the House Intelligence Committee additional information about some 50 other terrorists plots that had been averted in the United States and around the world , but this would be behind closed doors as the details of these plots remain classified . The public record indicates that few of these are likely to have taken place in the United States . That 's because traditional law enforcement methods have overwhelmingly played the most significant role in foiling terrorist attacks , according to a survey of all the jihadist terrorist plots in the United States since 9/11 by the New America Foundation . Jihadist extremists based in the United States have mounted 43 plots to conduct attacks within the United States since 2001 . Of those plots , nine involved an actual terrorist act that was not prevented by any type of government action , such as the 2009 shooting spree by Maj. Nidal Hasan at Fort Hood , Texas , that killed 13 . Of the remaining 34 plots , the public record shows that at least 30 were uncovered by using standard policing practices such as informants , undercover officers and tips to law enforcement . At Tuesday 's hearing , Joyce also pointed to two other plots averted by NSA 's programs ; the 2009 plots by Najibullah Zazi to bomb the New York subway and by David Coleman Headley to attack a Danish newspaper that had printed cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . Alexander had previously cited the Zazi and Headley cases as examples of how the NSA surveillance programs have averted terrorist attacks . Tuesday 's hearing did little to reassure the public that the NSA 's surveillance programs have done much to stop terrorist attacks at home , with the major exception of the plot by Zazi to attack the New York subway system around the eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . As the FBI 's Joyce explained at Tuesday 's hearing this was "  the first core al Qaeda plot since 9/11 " that was directed from Pakistan inside the United States . There is no doubt that it was a serious plot , but if it was the only such serious plot on American soil that the government averted as a result of the NSA 's surveillance programs , the public will have to decide whether it justifies the large-scale government surveillance programs -- no matter how carefully they are run so as to respect Americans ' civil liberties .	NSA chief offered information on yield from monitoring phone calls Peter Bergen says in two cases , NSA heard of plans to support terror groups overseas Bergen : Hearing offered little to show NSA has done much to stop terror attacks in U.S. Americans will have to decide whether giving up privacy rights is worth it , he says
CNN  -- Condoleezza Rice 's personal memoir of her family history hits the book stands Tuesday . In "  Extraordinary , Ordinary People , " the former U.S. Secretary of State recalls much of her family 's time during the Civil Rights era in Birmingham . Rice has said that she will write a memoir about her eight years in the White House but felt she could not do so until people understood the "  personal and implausible journey " she had taken from being born in 1950s segregated Alabama to being named the first female African-American to lead the State Department . All of this happened , Rice said , due to her parents , John and Angelena Rice . A guidance counselor/preacher and school teacher respectively , Mr. And Mrs. Rice never made more than $ 60,000 annually , Rice said . Despite being raised in a city resistant to quality education for blacks , Rice 's parents used their meager resources to provide their only child with piano lessons at 3 . She also took French and ballet . She never learned to swim as a child because Birmingham Public Safety official Eugene "  Bull " Connors forbade blacks and whites from sharing public swimming pools . But Rice 's parents refused to let the racial tensions limit her potential . "  Even if I could not have a hamburger at a Woolworth 's counter , my mom taught me that I could be President of the United States , " Rice said at an author panel during the 10th annual Book Expo America in May . Rice is a long-time Republican , despite being mentored in international affairs by the Josef Kobel , the father of Democratic Secretary of State , Madeleine Albright , who became the first female Secretary of State , according to Albright 's State Department biography . Rice said her family 's introduction into the GOP resulted from a Jim Crow "  poll test . " The now illegal practice of requiring black voters to answer questions before being permitted to vote , poll tests were "  the teeth of Jim Crow , " Rice said . While her mother answered the name of the first U.S. President George Washington correctly and was allowed to vote , her father was asked to identify the number of beans in a jar , she said . Unable to do so , John Rice later learned of a woman poll worker who would allow him to vote if he aligned himself with the GOP . "  And that is how my father became a Republican , " she said . While they did see Rice to on to graduate from Stanford University , and eventually become a provost there , her parents never lived to see her in the White House . Her mother lost a 15-year-battle with breast cancer in 1985 . Her dad died just before George W. Bush was inaugurated . Still she recalls them showing her a photo of an eight-year-old Condoleezza RIce standing outside the White House where she believes it was grandfather who told her at the time : "  You may be standing out here now , but you will be working in there someday . " "  Extraordinary , Ordinary People " is available in hardcover , in e-book format and as an audio book read by Condoleezza Rice herself .	The book recounts Rice 's life story from 1950 's segregation to her appointment as Secretary of State Rice 's father became a Republican to shake Jim Crow harassment Condoleezza Rice reads the audio book version herself
CNN  -- Hamburgers and hot dogs were n't the only things sizzling this Fourth of July . This time of year , triple-digit temperatures are the norm in the Southwest . And people in Arizona , Nevada and parts of California who celebrated America 's 237th birthday were n't let down on Thursday : Highs went well past 100 , as they have for the past week and then some . But the Northeast ? That part of the U.S.A. has been in a seemingly endless rinse cycle for much of the past two weeks , beset by rainy day after rainy day . Those rain clouds , though , took a holiday on Thursday . The sun came out and so did the heat . The National Weather Service issued heat advisories through Thursday night for parts of four New England states because heat indexes -- how hot it feels , accounting for humidity -- reached or surpassed 100 degrees . Those conditions became an issue on Boston 's Esplanade , which is along the Charles River across from Cambridge and the site of the city 's hallmark July 4th Boston Pops concert and fireworks show . Before 6 p.m. some 120 people had already sought assistance , treatment or evaluation from medical personnel along the Esplanade , said Boston Emergency Medical Services Chief James Hooley . The first person seeking help at one of the seven medical tents being run by EMTs and paramedics came in around 10 a.m. , Hooley said . Four people in for heat-related ailments were sent to a local hospital out of abundance of caution , he added . The Northeast could be sweating for a little while longer . New York City , for instance , is under a heat advisory through Saturday . The combination of high temperatures and high humidity will make it feel like it 's 95 degrees , which can be dangerous in urban locales that do n't have air conditioning . "  Drink plenty of fluids , stay in an air-conditioned room , stay out of the sun and check up on relatives and neighbors , " the weather service says . The Northeast will be relatively cool compared with what the Southwest has ahead of it . Highs in Las Vegas are not expected to drop below 108 all week  though that 's still cooler than Thursday  . Phoenix will see similarly sweltering conditions , though there 's a "  slight chance of showers and thunderstorms " -- a rarity in these parts -- in the middle of next week , according to the National Weather Service . From torrential rains to dangerous droughts Folks in the Southeast and the Ohio River Valley know a thing or two about showers and thunderstorms . They got soaked by them all Independence Day , and those wet conditions could persist . Flood watches are in effect from northern Ohio south to Alabama and extend east into states like West Virginia , the Carolinas and most of Georgia . They extend through Friday , if not longer , in areas that have already experienced days of soaking . The wet stuff has prompted communities from Grove City , Ohio , to Franklin , Tennessee , to Decatur , Georgia , to postpone their July 4 celebrations , fireworks and all . But some did n't let rain , rain and more rain deter them . Take the thousands who turned out in Atlanta 's Peachtree Road Race , the world 's largest 10K , and ran through an intermittent rain . Georgia 's capital should get 3 to 4 inches of rain by the time this weekend 's over , according to CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri . While much of the Peach State had been mired in drought for years , that 's not the case this year thanks to months like the last one , when about 10 inches of rain made it Atlanta 's fourth wettest June ever , said Javaheri . Extreme to exceptional drought conditions persist east of the Mississippi River , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor , which is a partnership of the University of Nebraska 's National Drought Mitigation Center , the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The worst conditions hold in parts of Texas , Oklahoma , Nebraska , New Mexico , Nevada and Arizona . The latter is the site of the Yarnell Hill Fire about 75 miles northwest of Phoenix , where 19 firefighters died this week trying to curb the blaze . Mother Nature has n't been cooperating , with temperatures soaring into the high 90s and winds gusting stronger than 20 mph once again Thursday . But there could be good news coming , at least : The thermostat is forecast to peak in the 80s through the weekend . And there 's a 10 % to 30 % chance of showers and thunderstorms over that stretch -- though lightning from those storms could spark yet more fires . CNN 's Ed Payne , Tina Burnside , Michael Martinez and CNN meteorologist Chad Myers contributed to this report .	NEW : Heat advisories are in effect for New York City , parts of New England NEW : The Southwest is also sweltering , even as temps should cool somewhat NEW : Flood watches are in effect from the Gulf Coast to the Ohio River Valley Arizona 's massive wildfire could get rain but also wind gusts and lightning
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Jaime Andrade had just gotten out of the shower when the men came to snatch him . Jaime Andrade was kept in this closet for three days without food or water , police say . His wife , Araceli Valencia , was mopping the kitchen in their family home on a typical warm spring morning in Phoenix , Arizona , "  when she suddenly felt a hard object pointed to the back of her head and a voice in Spanish tell her not to move , " according to a Phoenix , Arizona , police investigative report . "  I told you not to look at me ! " Valencia heard one of the kidnappers bark as he struck Andrade across the head . Her four children bawling , Valencia was hustled into a bedroom where an armed man fondled her and threatened to rape her if she did n't tell him where Andrade hid his money , according to the report . After beating and binding Andrade , one of the kidnappers put a gun to Valencia 's head . His message : We 're taking your husband and SUV . We 'll be watching your house . If you call the cops , he 's a dead man . Andrade , his wife would later tell police , was a mechanic and freelance human smuggler , or coyote . Police say his 2006 kidnapping was evidence of a growing trend in Phoenix : drug and human traffickers abducting each other for ransoms or retribution . Watch why Phoenix is the hotspot " The trend continues , as police investigated roughly a kidnapping a day in 2007 and 2008 and are on track to shatter those numbers this year . Police are stingy with details of fresh cases navigating the court system , but recently allowed CNN to review the files from Andrade 's kidnapping . For two and a half days after Andrade 's abduction , the kidnappers -- including a man whom Andrade later said had been a friend -- deprived their victim of food and water . Through the door of the closet where he was held , Andrade could hear the cries of other victims being tortured in the house , the report said . Meanwhile , Valencia had defied the kidnappers and called police , who listened to Andrade "  scream and howl in pain " over the phone as the kidnappers tried to cut off his ear and a finger . The torture would continue until Valencia came up with the ransom , the kidnappers told her . Hear Andrade 's wife plead with the kidnappers " They were true to their word . Andrade was pistol-whipped and beaten with a baseball bat and the butt of a rifle . The kidnappers tried to gouge out his eye and slashed open his left eyebrow . They burned his back as well -- presumably , police said , with a blowtorch found at the scene . Read how the next door neighbors knew nothing of this The blindfolded Andrade "  could feel his pants and underwear being cut open by an unknown person , " he told police . He was told to bend over and was beaten when he refused . "  Jaime felt his legs being forced apart and heard Aldo say he was going to get his money , " the report said . The kidnappers then sodomized him with a broomstick , a pair of scissors and a wooden dowel used to hang clothes in a closet . Kidnappers creative with coercion Ferocity is often a hallmark of the abductions taking place in this south Arizona city of 1.5 million that serves as a prime transshipment point for drugs and human cargo . Watch how the kidnappers choose their targets " Phoenix police say they have yet to witness the level of violence -- the beheadings , the bodies shoved in drums -- that their counterparts are seeing in Mexico City or the border town of Juarez . "  It gets close sometimes , " said Lt. Lauri Burgett , who heads the Home Invasion and Kidnapping Enforcement squad . Kidnappers will smash their victims ' fingers with bricks , snip their backs open with wire cutters , carve them up with knives or simply shoot them . "  We 've had them electrocuted . They set them in a tub with water and use kind of barbaric means and zap the tub . I think it was a battery hooked up , " Burgett said . Two kidnappings last year resulted in murders , she added , but it 's not the norm . Phoenix police formed the HIKE squad in October after two years of unprecedented kidnapping numbers -- 357 in 2007 and 368 in 2008 -- gave the city the dubious distinction of being the nation 's kidnapping capital . Home invasions were not far behind : 317 in 2007 and 337 in 2008 . See kidnapping numbers since 1999 " "  It 's all about the money . And there 's so much money to be made in this that you ca n't stop it , but you can try to reveal it , and then you can try to do something about it , " Burgett said . The task force has made dozens of arrests , but as of March 31 , the city had 101 reported kidnappings . If the trend continues , Phoenix will record an increase in kidnapping for a fourth straight year . More frustrating is that the numbers represent only a third , maybe less , of the city 's kidnappings , said Sgt. Tommy Thompson , a police spokesman with 16 years of drug enforcement experience . Most kidnappings are n't reported , he said , because the victims are generally smugglers , drug dealers or illegal immigrants -- or some combination of the three . Other criminals targeted The most common cases are criminal-on-criminal -- drug smugglers or coyotes snatching rivals or their loved ones . In some cases , a drug dealer may have lost a load or failed to make a payment , but there are also cases when kidnappers do it solely for the ransom , which can be between $ 30,000 and $ 250,000 , Thompson said . " -LSB- The victims are -RSB- wearing the doper bling-bling , and they target them , " he said . "  We 've had several cases where the ransom amount has been $ 1 million that the person has asked for . In addition to that , they often ask for drugs -- 100 pounds of marijuana , perhaps a pound or two of speed , a pound or two of cocaine or several ounces of heroin . " Phoenix police have even arrested victims after rescuing them , Burgett said . Less frequent but still accounting for 78 kidnappings last year are cases in which coyotes hold their human cargo captive or steal another coyote 's patrons , known as pollos  Spanish for chickens  , Burgett said . Burgett said human trafficking is often linked to the drug trade because both industries require the same routes and subterfuge to ferry their wares into the country . See what other cities have a cartel presence There are rarely "  true victims " in Phoenix 's kidnappings , the lieutenant said . However , one criminal attorney who has represented at least 10 kidnappers in the last decade insists that the coyote business is "  uglier than the drug trade " and that pollos are often killed or forced to do coyotes ' bidding when they ca n't come up with the ransoms . "  In the drug business , the people getting killed are in the business . They are not end users , not consumers , " said Antonio Bustamente . "  In the coyote business , the people killed are really innocent . -LSB- First-time -RSB- illegal entry is a petty offense . " Though many might debate the innocence of victims entangled in Phoenix 's border-related violence , police say there have been instances when the kidnappers snatched the wrong mark . Girl mistakenly snatched On the evening of March 17 , 2008 , a 13-year-old girl and her friend were walking out of a home in the suburb of Avondale . They were planning to play basketball . The friend , according to a police investigative report , was the niece of a man named "  Chucky . " Chucky and his cohorts , witnesses told police , had earlier stolen 55 pounds of marijuana and left several men tied up in a vacant house . Hours later , the investigative report said , armed men arrived at Chucky 's sister 's house in three vehicles , one a white Chevrolet Tahoe with blue-and-red strobes like the police use . The men wanted Chucky , their drugs or $ 24,000 . The 13-year-old said she did n't know Chucky . When she tried to walk away , "  one of them grabbed her by the neck , pointed a gun at her and forced her in the vehicle , " the report said . Eventually , the men called the girl 's mother to demand ransom . A police officer took the phone and informed the men they had the wrong girl . She was released relatively unharmed in the suburb of Surprise . The case serves as a reminder that as police scramble to tamp the bloodshed before it reaches the levels proliferating south of the border , collateral damage is a reality . Watch how the kidnapping often occur in quiet neighborhoods " The origins of the kidnappers -- 90 percent of whom hail from the Mexican state from which the notorious Sinaloa drug cartel takes its name -- also remind law enforcement that 150 miles south lies a country racked with a more extreme brand of violence . The tortured Andrade was fortunate that police were able to find him . On Andrade 's third day in captivity , an undercover officer posing as a loan shark convinced the kidnappers to lower their ransom from $ 50,000 to $ 10,000 and the title to the Ford Expedition they had stolen . When the kidnappers arrived at the drop point , a Safeway supermarket parking lot , police swarmed on their green Chevrolet Tahoe , the report said . One of the men , Luis Alberto Castro-Vega , then 23 , disclosed Andrade 's whereabouts after police promised not to charge him with kidnapping . Only Castro-Vega has been convicted of crimes associated with Andrade 's kidnapping : first-degree burglary , theft by extortion , armed robbery and three counts of aggravated assault . In September 2006 , a judge sentenced Castro-Vega to 54 years in prison . Thompson said he hopes the stiff sentence sends a message that Phoenix police expect the kidnappings and violence to end , regardless of the targets and the perpetrators . "  The problems that occur when it 's criminal versus criminal , that 's still violence on the streets of America , " he said . "  If those people get in a gunbattle , those bullets have to go somewhere , and that could be a playground where kids are playing . That could be a neighbor 's house where a neighbor is inside sleeping that has nothing to do whatsoever with the illegal activity , but yet they become senseless victims of the violence . "	Phoenix police investigated 368 kidnappings in 2008 , 357 in 2007 Human smuggler was tortured for days because kidnappers suspected he had cash Police say kidnappers cut , beat , shoot and electrocute victims to get their money Men kidnapped innocent 13-year-old girl after neighbor stole marijuana , police say
CNN  -- "  Try to imagine the situation , " says Dezso Gyarmati , captain of Hungary 's 1956 Olympic water polo team . "  A superpower destroys your country with weapons and tanks -- a country that has never asked for that power to be there . And after that revolution is crushed you have to face the representatives of that superpower . " The Hungarian Revolution of 1956 became the backdrop to one of the most famous contests in Olympic history , where blood spilled in the sporting arena came to symbolize the bloody struggle of a nation against a brutal oppressor , the former Soviet Union . The events at the Melbourne Games in December that year became known as the "  Blood in the Water " match , but when Hungary 's water polo team set off for Australia in early November , the possibility of freedom still hung over the streets of Budapest . Mass protests and fighting which erupted on October 23 had died down after a ceasefire was ordered , and Soviet armed forces were beginning their withdrawal . Gyarmati had taken part in the initial rally , leaving the team 's training camp in the hills above Budapest to join protestors on the streets . But by the time they set foot on Australian soil , Gyarmati and his teammates were informed of a brutal turn of events as Soviet forces ruthlessly reasserted their grip on the Hungarian capital . More than 2,000 protesters were killed in the fighting , hundreds more were injured and many thousands were forced to flee the country . It proved to be a bloody prelude to a bruising semifinal showdown with the Soviet water polo team . Gyarmati recalls a tough , but generally disciplined match which turned sour in the closing moments when Soviet player Valentin Prokopov elbowed Hungary 's star Ervin Zador in the face , cutting him below the eye . "  I told  Zador  to get out of the pool , " Gyarmati recalled , "  but not where he was , but to swim across the pool to the grandstand with 8,000 people . "  By the time he 'd swum over , the blood had trickled down onto his chest . He looked like he  had come out  from the butcher . The audience exploded . " The headline "  Cold War violence erupts at Melbourne Olympics " ran the following day in the Sydney Morning Herald , which reported that many spectators left their seats in the stands , shouting abuse and spitting at the Russians . The image of Zador standing poolside , blood streaming down his torso , quickly gained a wider audience . It seized the imagination of a world shocked by the crushing of the Magyar uprising , while offering some crumbs of comfort to a traumatized nation as the Hungarians triumphed 4-0 . The team went on to win in the final , beating Yugoslavia 2-1 to claim the nation 's fourth Olympic gold in the competition . Zador , who did n't play in the final , never returned to Hungary , instead choosing to settle in the U.S. and become a swimming coach in California . The victory over the Soviets inspired the making of a documentary "  Freedom 's Fury " and a feature film "  Szabadsag , szerelem "  "  Children of Glory "  both released to mark the 50th anniversary in 2006 . The documentary , co-produced by Hollywood director Quentin Tarantino , was narrated by seven-time Olympic champion Mark Spitz , who was coached by Zador as a youngster during the 1960s . The dramatic events in Melbourne form the centerpiece of a rich and proud heritage in the sport which has seen the Hungarians rack up nine Olympic golds , more than twice as many as any other nation . The "  Blood in the Water " story continues to inspire and motivate Hungary 's modern water polo heroes including Gergely Kiss , who grew up in dying years of communist rule . "  Beating the beast , the big enemy was such a great feeling for every Hungarian . It helped so much for the revolution , " Kiss said . The 34-year-old was part of the Hungarian team which beat Russian opposition in the final at the Sydney Olympics in 2000 , ending a 24-year gold medal drought . Further success followed at Athens in 2004 and in Beijing four years later . Kiss will be aiming for a record fourth straight gold at this year 's London Olympics .	Hungary 's water polo match with Soviet Union played against backdrop of revolution Hungary beat Soviets 4-0 in semifinal at Melbourne Olympics in 1956 and went on to take gold Failed revolution claimed 2,000 lives and created hundreds of thousands of refugees Hungary is most successful water polo team at Olympics , winning nine gold medals
CNN  A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed by a police officer in North Charleston , South Carolina , on Saturday . Since then , it 's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement . When protesters held the winged figure at a Wednesday morning rally outside North Charleston 's City Hall , the artwork was widely photographed . Creator Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on Saturday . Hyman now lives in another part of the city and could n't stop thinking about it . He woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after Scott was killed and began searching for materials . "  Art is really about that moment . I just could n't take it any longer , " he said . Hyman dug into the trash and found a piece of wood that was the perfect size . Then he picked up a can of black house paint and started making the reclaimed wood into a work of art . The 56-year-old said he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning with the family . "  That 's who all this should really be about , not about the propaganda and making it your own story , " said Hyman , who talks quickly and passionately about his subject material . "  Shooting him in the back and just the indignity of it all . " The figure , painted black in mourning for the family , has wings because it 's going to heaven , Hyman said . The man depicted in Hyman 's piece is dressed in a hooded sweatsuit , though that 's not what Scott was wearing when he was killed . Hyman said he prefers not to say too much about who the black angel figure is . People can look at the art and make their own interpretations , he said . "  It 's a statement of where we are in America today . It 's relevant in Charleston , Ferguson , Florida , anywhere now . " After Hyman put the piece up on Tuesday near where Scott was killed , he got a call from a local protester with the Black Lives Matter movement , which has staged protests around the country in the wake of high-profile deaths at the hands of police . The group asked for permission to use his artwork in its demonstrations at the North Charleston City Hall . Hyman was happy to oblige . Each day , the protesters call Hyman and he either carries the angel-winged artwork to the protest , or the protesters come over to his home to pick it up . "  It 's taken a life of its own , so I 'm letting it do what it 's supposed to do now , " he said . Freelance photographer Joel Woodhall spotted the artwork and wondered where it came from . Woodhall , who lives in nearby Charleston , said the artwork made him feel sorrow for a life ended too soon . "  It was very emotionally moving . It 's beautiful , " he told CNN . This is n't the first time Hyman has used artwork to effect change : He restored a local theater to its former glory . He commemorated Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday by painting a mural in a bad neighborhood that needed light . Hyman 's wife , Kay , says her husband always paints from the heart . "  To see this recognized , he just goes into tears because it 's very special to him . "	The Walter Scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork Phillip Hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement have started using it as his symbol
CNN  -- Nit infestations , beer instead of water , a band for entertainment -- life on the Mary Rose , the flagship of King Henry VIII 's fleet , which sank during battle in July 1545 , was n't all about crashing cannon fire and men being swept overboard , as novels and Hollywood like to depict . The 16th-century warship sank on July 19 , 1545 , in the English Channel during a battle with the French . Now , nearly 500 years later and 31 years after it was raised from the bottom of the English Channel , the ship will go on show in a museum in the same British dockyard where it was built . Some 60 million people watched the Mary Rose emerge from the water on live television in 1982 . Today the secrets of life onboard can be seen in a new # 27 million  $ 40 million  museum in Portsmouth Historic Dockyard . Other costs incurred in the salvage and conservation of the fragile ship take the total expenditure past # 35 million . The remains of the hull are displayed on one side , while hundreds of the objects found onboard are displayed opposite , organized by deck . The museum tells the story of life onboard a 16th-century warship and is dedicated to the approximately 400 men who lost their lives on the ship . The Mary Rose Museum opens on May 31 . Tickets are available from www.historicdockyard.co.uk and cost # 17  $ 26  . An all-attraction ticket that also includes entry to the dockyard 's other attractions is # 26 .	The Mary Rose sank July 19 , 1545 , in the English Channel during a battle with the French Hundreds of recovered items tell the story of Tudor life at sea The Mary Rose Museum opens May 31
The U.S. Capitol was briefly evacuated Saturday afternoon when a small aircraft entered restricted airspace , authorities said . The evacuation was ordered after authorities were unable to immediately contact the pilot , U.S. Capitol Police said . NORAD says two F-16 fighter jets intercepted the plane around 1:30 p.m. after it entered restricted airspace and was out of communication with air traffic control . The jets escorted the plane to the airport in Mount Airy , North Carolina , where the pilot was met by members of law enforcement . A U.S. official told CNN that the pilot 's destination was Mount Airy , where he was going to meet his daughter . The source says the pilot said his outdated maps caused him some confusion . There was one other person in plane . No security issues , just a pilot deviation , Ross Feinstein , the Press Secretary for the Transportation Security Administration , tweeted . Staff and visitors were allowed back inside the Capitol after about a half hour . Also evacuated during the scare was the Library of Congress and the U.S. Supreme Court buildings , the Metropolitan Police said . Federal Aviation Administration officials told CNN there will be an investigation into why the pilot entered the restricted airspace without authorization . The incident prompted authorities to institute an AIRCON RED -- air condition red -- alert , police told CNN . The alert is triggered when an aircraft enters restricted airspace in Washington without authorization . Visitors to Washington got unexpected excitement . "  We were touring around in one of the rooms in the Capitol , " said Victoria Chandler . "  And the tour guide all of a sudden got very frantic and started telling us to evacuate the building and go down the steps . "  I grabbed two of the youngest girls and my mother got me and we started running down the stairs . We got outside and a man told us to run as far as we could because it was not a drill . " Richard Chapin was also in the Capitol . "  We just got in there , like I said , we were excited to see it , " he said . "  Now we 've got a story to tell . We were evacuated out of the Capitol building . " It 's not the first time such an alert has been issued . The Capitol was briefly cleared and the White House was temporarily locked down when a single-engine plane wandered into restricted airspace in April 2009 . It was also evacuated in January 2011 when a commercial airliner accidentally entered restricted airspace . Authorities : Georgia courthouse attacker prepared to inflict mayhem Wild car chase ends with suspect shot to death near U.S. Capitol President 's restricted airspace violated three times in less than 24 hours	NORAD jets escort the plane to airport in Mount Airy , North Carolina U.S. Capitol , the Library of Congress and the Supreme Court evacuated , police said The evacuation was ordered after authorities were unable to immediately contact the pilot The FAA is looking into why the pilot entered restricted airspace without authorization
JACKSON , Missouri  CNN  -- Debbie Shank breaks down in tears every time she 's told that her 18-year-old son , Jeremy , was killed in Iraq . Debbie Shank , 52 , has severe brain damage after a traffic accident in May 2000 . The 52-year-old mother of three attended her son 's funeral , but she continues to ask how he 's doing . When her family reminds her that he 's dead , she weeps as if hearing the news for the first time . Shank suffered severe brain damage after a traffic accident nearly eight years ago that robbed her of much of her short-term memory and left her in a wheelchair and living in a nursing home . It was the beginning of a series of battles -- both personal and legal -- that loomed for Shank and her family . One of their biggest was with Wal-Mart 's health plan . Eight years ago , Shank was stocking shelves for the retail giant and signed up for Wal-Mart 's health and benefits plan . Two years after the accident , Shank and her husband , Jim , were awarded about $ 1 million in a lawsuit against the trucking company involved in the crash . After legal fees were paid , $ 417,000 was placed in a trust to pay for Debbie Shank 's long-term care . Wal-Mart had paid out about $ 470,000 for Shank 's medical expenses and later sued for the same amount . However , the court ruled it can only recoup what is left in the family 's trust . The Shanks did n't notice in the fine print of Wal-Mart 's health plan policy that the company has the right to recoup medical expenses if an employee collects damages in a lawsuit . The family 's attorney , Maurice Graham , said he informed Wal-Mart about the settlement and believed the Shanks would be allowed to keep the money . Watch this couple 's story " "  We assumed after three years , they -LSB- Wal-Mart -RSB- had made a decision to let Debbie Shank use this money for what it was intended to , " Graham said . The Shanks lost their suit to Wal-Mart . Last summer , the couple appealed the ruling -- but also lost it . One week later , their son was killed in Iraq . "  They are quite within their rights . But I just wonder if they need it that bad , " Jim Shank said . In 2007 , the retail giant reported net sales in the third quarter of $ 90 billion . Legal or not , CNN asked Wal-Mart why the company pursued the money . Wal-Mart spokesman John Simley , who called Debbie Shank 's case "  unbelievably sad , " replied in a statement : "  Wal-Mart 's plan is bound by very specific rules . ... We wish it could be more flexible in Mrs. Shank 's case since her circumstances are clearly extraordinary , but this is done out of fairness to all associates who contribute to , and benefit from , the plan . " Jim Shank said he believes Wal-Mart should make an exception . "  My idea of a win-win is -- you keep the paperwork that says you won and let us keep the money so I can take care of my wife , " he said . The family 's situation is so dire that last year Jim Shank divorced Debbie , so she could receive more money from Medicaid . Jim Shank , 54 , is recovering from prostate cancer , works two jobs and struggles to pay the bills . He 's afraid he wo n't be able to send their youngest son to college and pay for his and Debbie 's care . "  Who needs the money more ? A disabled lady in a wheelchair with no future , whatsoever , or does Wal-Mart need $ 90 billion , plus $ 200,000 ? " he asked . The family 's attorney agrees . "  The recovery that Debbie Shank made was recovery for future lost earnings , for her pain and suffering , " Graham said . "  She 'll never be able to work again . Never have a relationship with her husband or children again . The damage she recovered was for much more than just medical expenses . " Graham said he believes Wal-Mart should be entitled to only about $ 100,000 . Right now , about $ 277,000 remains in the trust -- far short of the $ 470,000 Wal-Mart wants back . Refusing to give up the fight , the Shanks appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court . But just last week , the high court said it would not hear the case . Graham said the Shanks have exhausted all their resources and there 's nothing more they can do but go on with their lives . Jim Shank said he 's disappointed with the Supreme Court 's decision not to hear the case -- not for the sake of his family -- but for those who might face similar circumstances . For now , he said the family will figure out a way to get by and "  do the best we can for Debbie . " "  Luckily , she 's oblivious to everything , " he said . "  We do n't tell her what 's going on because it will just upset her . " E-mail to a friend	Debbie Shank , 52 , suffered severe brain damage in a traffic accident Wal-Mart 's health plan sued Shank and her family to recoup what it paid out The Shanks got money in suit ; Wal-Mart says policy means couple ca n't get benefits Couple 's son was killed in Iraq after they lost lawsuit to Wal-Mart
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The Chinese manufacturer of many of Apple 's products has denied allegations that it forced students to work on its assembly lines in a last-minute push to ready the iPhone 5 , expected to be unveiled Wednesday . In a statement , Foxconn Technology Group denied it was forcing anyone to work and said the students -- who constitute 2.7 % of its 1.2 million workers -- "  are free to leave the internship program at any time . " "  Foxconn has long had a short-term internship program that we carry out in cooperation with a number of vocational schools in China , " the company said . The internship programs range in length from one to six months and students all are of legal age to work , the company added . An explainer on Foxconn Foxconn 's statement follows claims by a Chinese labor group that many of the students were n't given a choice by their schools whether to work on the assembly line . "  We think that this kind of internship is a sham and a kind of forced labor or involuntary work , " said Debby Chan , a spokesperson for the Hong Kong-based Students & Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior  SACOM  . "  The placement to work must be relevant to studies and the students must find it beneficial . " The group had interviewed students from a vocational school who were required to do internships at Foxconn 's Zhengzhou plant even before the students started first year classes , Chan said . The allegations follow a report last week by state-run China Daily that claimed vocational schools in Huai'an in Jiangsu province were making students work at a Foxconn plant making USB data lines for the new iPhone 5 . Education , English , food science and finance majors were among those required to do paid assembly line internships . "  I do n't think we can improve our skills through that ` internship ' the schools are requiring , " one student told China Daily . Apple has scheduled an event for Wednesday , anticipated to be the release of its latest iPhone . Foxconn is part of Taiwan-based Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. , one of the world 's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry . Much of its manufacturing division is based in mainland China , where it assembles a range of products including Apple 's iPhone and iPad , Amazon 's Kindle and Microsoft 's Xbox . "  A recent audit of three of our facilities in China carried out by the Fair Labor Association confirmed that there was no evidence to indicate that any of the interns were pressured to participate in or to continue to participate in any internship program , " Foxconn said in a statement . "  A previous audit by the Fair Labor Association confirmed that students find their participation in this program valuable and that the positions offered by Foxconn were at compensation levels equivalent to entry-level full-time workers . " The Fair Labor Association released a report last month that Foxconn has moved to bring working hours -- including overtime -- down to below 60 hours per week "  with the goal of reaching full compliance with the Chinese legal limit of 40 hours per week , plus an average of 9 hours of overtime per week while protecting worker compensation . " "  Immediate health and safety measures " had been made , such as enforcement of breaks , changing equipment design to reduce repetitive stress injuries and testing of emergency equipment like eyewashes and sprinklers , the August report said . Foxconn has been at the center of a storm of complaints about working conditions for its Chinese staff after a 2010 spate of worker suicides at its plants . Foxconn said it had increased workers pay , introduced counselors , started a 24-hour phone counseling service and opened a stress room where workers can take out frustration on mannequins with bats . An explosion last year at a Foxconn plant that makes Apple 's iPad2 in Chengdu killed four people and injured 18 more . Chinese officials said the blast may have been caused by combustible dust in a polishing workshop . That incident followed a report by SACOM alleging that workers at the same plant do not have adequate training in the use of chemicals and do not have regular on the job health checks . "  While we provide vocational schools with our qualification requirements , it is the schools that recruit the students under the supervision of the relevant local government and the schools also assign teachers to accompany and monitor the students throughout their internship program , " Foxconn said on its use of interns . "  In addition to allowing the students to gain relevant industry experience while earning the same industry-competitive compensation as our full-time entry-level workers , this program gives Foxconn an opportunity to identify participants in the internship program who have the potential to be excellent full-time employees should they wish to join our company upon graduation from their vocational school . " Police , company investigates Foxconn death	Foxconn has denied allegations that it forced students to work on its assembly lines A worker rights group claims that some schools force students into paid internships Group : English and finance majors were among those required to do internships Apple is expected to announce its new iPhone 5 at an event Wednesday
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- Angry protests are a common sight in Pakistan . Crowds often gather to denounce the United States or the Pakistani government , which critics accuse of being an American puppet . AntiTaliban protesters in Lahore . But in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore this week , several hundred protesters gathered on a scorching day to take on a very different target : the Taliban . "  I will fight them to my last breath and the last drop of my blood in my body . I 'm not scared , " vowed newspaper publisher Jugnu Mohsin . She was leading a crowd of several hundred students , artists , writers and others , chanting "  the Taliban is the enemy of Islam " in Urdu . Public protests against the Taliban started cropping up in various Pakistani cities after a video emerged showing militants publicly flogging a teenage girl . The Taliban 's recent declaration that the Pakistani government and judicial system are "  unIslamic " has also outraged many educated Pakistanis . Neha Mehdi moved to Lahore to study . Now , she fears her way of life is being threatened by the Taliban . "  I can not give up my education , and I can not give up the way I 'm living , " the 23-year-old student said . "  These Talibans have ruined the reputation of Islam . " "  There were threats here also from the Taliban that if we gather they might just bomb us , " Mehdi said . Watch how the anti-Taliban movement is growing " More than 250 miles away , Pakistan 's military continued its assault against Taliban militants who want to impose a radical interpretation of Islamic law in the country 's northwestern tribal regions . Pakistan 's government recently signed a deal that would allow Islamic law , or sharia , in the tribal belt as long as the law was imposed in accordance with the country 's constitution . Mehdi and others in Lahore fear that the Taliban 's version of sharia -- which forbids girls from attending school , as well as music , poetry and dance -- is slowly creeping into Lahore , the center of Pakistani culture . "  Our way of life is being threatened , " said Kamiar Rokni , a fashion designer who took part in the protest . "  And if we do n't do anything about it , then you 're just going to be sitting around and one day the way you live and what this country 's all about is going to stand for nothing . " Rokni said he fears the Taliban "  want to change the way we exist . " Lahore may be hundreds of miles away from the Taliban-held areas outside Islamabad , but it is no stranger to militant attacks . "  Last year we lost 39 people in acts of terrorism and this year we have lost 17 people in Lahore alone , " Lahore police Chief Parvez Rathore said . As he speaks , a heavily armed escort is one step behind the police chief even as he walks outside the walls of the city 's police headquarters . In March , gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lankan national cricket team in Lahore , killing six Pakistani police officers and the team 's driver . Weeks later , militants dressed in police uniforms stormed a police training center in the city , prompting an eight-hour stand-off with police . Eight cadets were killed during the March 30 siege , which the government blamed on Pakistan 's Taliban . Police in Lahore said the attacks would not have been possible without local support . Residents say there is no doubt that the Taliban have support in Pakistan 's second largest city . "  They 're here in Lahore , this is the thing , " said Jamal Rahman , who plays guitar for the Lahore-based band , "  Lal " which means "  Red . " "  Little groups of the Taliban are going around and intimidating people , causing fear , telling women to cover up and if they do n't they 'll shoot them . " Rahman and his cousin , Aider -- who plays flute for "  Lal " -- are using their music to rally society against what he says is a growing threat by the Taliban . "  We want to try to get people aware , and try to get people activated and motivated to fight against this militancy , " he said . It is unclear if the protests and rallying cries from Rahman and the others in Lahore are the start of a mass movement or simply the swan song of Pakistan 's wealthy , urban elite who could be the first to leave if the suicide bombers and insurgents succeed in further destabilizing the country . Either way , their message is a sign that more Pakistanis believe the Taliban 's threat is directed at them , and not just a reaction to the so-called U.S.-led "  war on terror . " Mehdi said she fears her life as a student could come to a violent end if the people of Lahore do not stand up to Islamic extremists . "  If the Taliban take over then I 'll be on the road being flogged by one of them like they did in Swat and I do n't want that , " she said . Some Pakistanis are resorting to violence to defend their turf . More than 30 people were killed in the southern port city of Karachi this week as members of the city 's Mahajir ethnic majority group engaged in deadly clashes with ethnic Pashtuns . The Taliban is a mostly Pashtun movement . The government in Karachi has issued a "  shoot on sight " order to security forces , to try to maintain calm in the city . A week before the clashes erupted , a leader of the MQM political party , which represents the Mahajir community in Karachi , said his supporters would fight back against what he called the "  Talibanization " of his city . "  You have to take the nasty decisions now , " Haider Abbas Rizvi told CNN last week . "  You have to take effective measures to control these Taliban ... otherwise the Taliban will take over . "	Protests in Lahore , Pakistan , against Taliban Lahore residents say the Taliban has support in the Pakistan 's second city Students , artists , musicians fear their way of life at threat Taliban is exerting influence in parts of Pakistan
Leh , India  CNN  -- It 's always tricky being a tourist alongside foreigners in your homeland . That may be especially true in India , a country so vastly different in every respect from the United States . But when the call came from my husband 's niece and nephew , Larkin and Nelson , to accompany them and their father , Raymond Broussard , on a trip to the Himalayan region of Ladakh , I could n't say no . Part of it was purely selfish . I 'd never been to Ladakh , a region off India 's northern Jammu and Kashmir state that borders Tibet . It 's fairly accessible these days by plane -- at least in the summer -- but during my childhood in India , Ladakh was not a destination . Back then , most Indians visited picturesque Srinagar , the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir . That was long before a violent insurgency , aimed at wresting part of Kashmir from Indian control , ravaged the area . I 'd heard from friends who 'd been to Ladakh in recent years about how glorious a place it was , surrounded by towering , snow-capped peaks and Buddhist monasteries . I 'd yearned to go for a very long time , so the invitation was instantly appealing . But there was a deeper reason . Raymond is a pediatric dentist in Albuquerque , New Mexico . He told me that when he was young , his father , also a dentist , had taken him on a goodwill mission to Haiti . It was a trip that became indelibly etched in his mind . What American kid would n't learn from helping others so much less fortunate ? Raymond told me he wanted his own children to experience something similar . He 'd been thinking about it for a long time and then suddenly , just like that , Larkin was entering her senior year in high school . This was Raymond 's last window of opportunity . He signed on with a group called Global Dental Relief , a Colorado-based charitable organization that provides dental care for poor kids in India , Nepal , Vietnam , Cambodia , Kenya and Guatemala . He was going as one of six volunteer dentists . But the group needed nondental volunteers as well . Larkin and Nelson were going -- it was their first trip to India -- and they inspired me to sign up as a nondental assistant . If they could do it , why not me ? I was n't so sure about how much help I 'd be . I could n't tell you what "  scaler " or "  explorer " tools looked like , but it would n't hurt , I thought , to learn new skills . I rescheduled my previously planned trip to India . I almost always visit home in the winter when the humidity and sizzling temperatures subside in Delhi and in my hometown , Kolkata . But there is no easy way to reach Leh , the Ladakhi capital , in the winter . The city is snowbound . So on a late August evening , I boarded a flight in Atlanta bound for Delhi . After a day getting over jet lag and visiting family , I joined the Global Dental Relief group and was immediately relieved to know that few of the nondental volunteers had any experience with cavities or extractions . But we all had two things in common : We wanted to do something good , and we wanted to see one of the most breathtaking places in the world . Less than an hour after the Indigo jet left smoggy Delhi behind , passengers strained to see out the windows . The view was nothing short of magnificent . The rising sun kissed the tall , stark peaks of the Himalayas . Some of them looked like they were on fire , the orange hues so startlingly bright . After we settled into the Snow View Guest House , we ventured out into town -- even though it had been strongly suggested that we take it easy in our rooms . Leh is about 12,000 feet above sea level and many a visitor has fallen prey to altitude sickness . We filled up on Tibetan momos  dumplings filled with lamb , chicken or vegetables  and got up early the next morning to begin setting up the dental clinic . David Sonam , the owner of the guesthouse , helps set up the clinic every year . He 's a businessman and a former dean at a school who wants to do something for the kids in Ladakh , many of whom hail from impoverished homes and lack the services they need . "  Dental care , " Sonam told me , "  is not so good here . " The kids do n't get check-ups . Many do n't even have toothbrushes or paste at home . The only care , Sonam said , is for emergencies -- bad infections and painful teeth extractions . Downstairs from our makeshift clinic is a permanent center that Sonam set up for kids with special needs . There 's a room painted with stars where children with autism can relax . There 's also a physiotherapy center for children who 've had corrective surgery so they can walk again . A wheelchair can be a curse in a place like Leh . It 's hilly and hardly anywhere is handicapped accessible . Sonam said the biggest problem here is lack of water and hygiene . Most children grow up with a mouthful of rotting teeth , which can lead to other problems later in life . And that 's what we begin to see the next day when the long lines begin to form at our humble dental clinic . One day , we encountered about 250 students from Siddhartha School who traveled for hours from mountain villages . "  They are kids who only go to see a dentist when they are in a lot of pain , " said their teacher Tanzin Dolma , 38 . That includes Tesering Chonzom , 14 . She 's already had to have two fillings ; now she 's in for a third . She cowered from Raymond 's anesthesia needle . Her friend Stanzin Anmol tried to calm her down . I wiped the tears flowing down her cheeks . But within an hour , she was out the door , her cavity filled . Over six days , the Global Dental Relief volunteers saw 715 patients -- fillings , extractions , cleanings , sealants . In all , the group estimated the value of the service at about $ 170,000 . But we felt like a million . The clinic , I think , was especially meaningful for the Indians among the volunteers -- there were three Indian dentists and one other Indian dental assistant . I 'd covered international aid organizations in my homeland -- in conflict and the aftermath of natural disaster -- but I 'd never been a participant in anything like this . My crash course in dentistry probably wo n't take me very far though the next time I am sitting in a chair  take note , Dr. Elise Ashpole  , I will know what you mean when you say : "  18 occlusal . " I will also know when you pick up the dread extraction tool . Eventually , the names of the children I met will fade in my mind . What I will remember are the expressions of awe and astonishment on the faces of Larkin and Nelson , who , as teenagers , discovered a slice of a strange new land . They , like their father , Raymond , who never forgot his trip to Haiti , will hopefully look back on India in 2013 as a necessary stepping stone in the path of life . What I will also remember are certain moments -- Angmo Rigzin 's hand clutching mine so tightly that I thought the bones in my fingers might break . She was 11 , suffered from anxiety and deathly afraid of Raymond 's needle . When her ordeal was over and she finally was able to smile again , I handed her a toothbrush to take home . She ran out , down the stairs and out into the afternoon light . Two minutes later , she returned with an older student who spoke a smattering of English . "  Thank you , " the older girl told me . "  She would not have been able to bear this without you . " I watched Angmo return to her schoolmates playing on a swing set in the shadows of a 17th century Tibetan-style palace . Every visitor to Leh makes the trek up to that palace . From up there , tourists gasp at the scenery before them , the majesty of the Himalayas ahead and all of the city below . But most tourists will never see what I did in Leh . I saw a part of my homeland through a new lens . For that , I am grateful . Follow Moni Basu on Twitter	Family members asked CNN 's Moni Basu to accompany them on a trip to her native India She volunteered to work at a dental clinic for poor kids in the Himalayan city of Leh She went with her husband 's niece and nephew and their father , a pediatric dentist Basu saw her homeland through an entirely new lens
London  CNN  -- Investigators have found no sign of foul play in the death of a man identified as the whistleblower behind the scandal surrounding media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News International , British police announced Tuesday . Sean Hoare was one of the first journalists to go on the record and allege phone hacking at Murdoch 's now-defunct News of the World . He was found dead Monday at his home in Watford , northwest of London , the British Press Association said . An autopsy conducted Tuesday afternoon "  has concluded there is no evidence of third-party involvement and the death is non-suspicious , " Hertfordshire police said in a statement . Earlier , police had called his death "  unexplained , but not thought to be suspicious . " Hoare had publicly accused News of the World of phone-hacking and using "  pinging " -- a method of tracking someone 's cell phone using technology that only police and security officials could access -- according to the New York Times . He was one of the few sources who allowed his name to be used when speaking to the Times last year for an investigative report about allegations of phone-hacking by the British tabloid , which was shuttered last weekend as the scandal grew . The rapidly metastasizing scandal has led to the resignations of several of Murdoch 's top lieutenants and of the two top officials of London 's Metropolitan Police , whose officers were accused of taking payments from journalists in exchange for confidential information . The scandal has led to 10 arrests , including those of two former News of the World editors , Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks . Brooks ' arrest came two days after her resignation as head of News International , the British subsidiary of Murdoch 's global conglomerate News Corp. , while Coulson had gone on to become Prime Minister David Cameron 's communications director . Hoare specifically accused Coulson of wrongdoing , saying Coulson "  encouraged " phone-hacking . " Coulson resigned his Downing Street post in January when police launched a new probe into the hacking allegations . The Times described Hoare has a "  onetime close friend of Coulson 's . " The report added that Hoare said he was "  fired during a period when he was struggling with drugs and alcohol . He said he was now revealing his own use of the dark arts -- which included breaking into the messages of celebrities like David and Victoria Beckham -- because it was unfair for the paper to pin the blame solely on " one reporter who covered the royal family . Hoare "  repeatedly expressed the hope that the hacking scandal would lead to journalism in general being cleaned up and said he had decided to blow the whistle on the activities of some of his former News of the World colleagues with that aim in mind , " Britain 's The Guardian newspaper reported Monday . His allegations ultimately led to Tuesday 's testimony by Murdoch to a House of Commons committee , where he denied ultimate responsibility for illegal phone hacking carried out by his employees . "  I feel that the people I trusted , I do n't know at what level , let me down and I think they behaved disgracefully , betrayed the company and me , and it 's for them to pay , " he said . "  I think that frankly I 'm the best person to clear this up . "	NEW : Sean Hoare 's death was declared "  non-suspicious " after an autopsy Hoare told the New York Times the phone hacking included celebrities ' phones His death comes amid a widening scandal around Rupert Murdoch 's media empire
CNN  -- FACETIME : Ahmed El Borai , former Egyptian Minister of Labor Providing employment for the rising number of young people in the region is a huge challenge for governments -- and was the key focus at the 39th Arab Labor Conference in Cairo . MME caught up with former Egyptian Minister of Labor Ahmed El Borai to discuss what needs to be done to tackle the issue . IN FOCUS : Private-sector push As concern over high unemployment continues to grow in the region , it is hoped that the private sector could pave the way for new job creation . Entrepreneurial spirit is relatively low in the region -- but MME investigates one initiative hoping to give private investors a boost . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1545 , Fridays : 0845 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1545	Youth unemployment statistics continue to rise in the region Ministers recently gathered at the 39th Arab Labor Conference in Cairo MME talks to former Egyptian Minister of Labor about overcoming this growing issue
CNN  -- Switzerland have been knocked out of the Davis Cup by the U.S. after Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka lost their doubles match against Mike Bryan and Mardy Fish in Fribourg on Saturday . The Swiss pairing went down 4-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 to hand the U.S. an unassailable 3-0 lead which sees Jim Courier 's team progress to April 's quarterfinals where they will face either France or Canada . "  It feels great to win . I know what it 's like to lose and that 's not good . You always want to play with Mike , he 's one of the best doubles players ever , " Fish said , AFP reported . Isner stuns Federer Despite the loss , Federer remained upbeat about Switzerland 's future fortunes in the Davis Cup . "  It was a tight match . Maybe our level dropped a tiny bit , just a game in each set made the difference . I enjoy being with the guys . We will take it tie by tie . It 's not a setback , or a step forward , it 's nothing like that , " Federer said , AFP reported . Defending champions Spain have also reached the last eight for the sixth successive year after securing an unbeatable 3-0 lead over Kazakhstan in Oviedo . Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez defeated Evgeny Korolev and Yuriy Schukin 6-2 , 6-3 , 6-1 to book a quarterfinal match-up against either Austria or Russia . Russia kept the tie in Wiener Neustadt alive courtesy of a five-set victory 7-6  7-1  6-7  7-9  7-5 3-6 4-6 by Nikolay Davydenko and Mikhail Youzhny over Alexander Peya and Olivier Marach to leave Austria 2-1 up with just Sunday 's singles to play . The Czech Republic are through to the quarterfinals after Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek beat Italy 's Daniele Bracciali and Potito Starace 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-2 in Ostrava . They will face the winner of the tie between 2010 champions Serbia and Sweden . Johan Brunstrom and Robert Lindstedt ensured the Swede 's took the tie into Sunday with a gruelling 3-6 , 6-3 , 7-6  7-4  , 6-7  3-7  , 10-8 win over Janko Tipsarevic and Nenad Zimonjic after Serbia had won both of Friday 's opening singles matches . Meanwhile in Hyogo , Croatia lead Japan 2-1 after Ivo Karlovic and Ivan Dodig beat Tatsuma Ito and Yuichi Sugita 6-4 , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3 . The winners will race last year 's runners-up Argentina , who ensured their place in the quarterfinals with a 3-0 win over Germany in Bamberg after David Nalbandian and Eduardo Schwank overcame Tommy Haas and Philipp Petzschner 3-6 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 on Saturday . At the WTA event in Paris , France 's Marion Bartoli will face Germany 's Angelique Kerber in the final on Sunday . The second seed beat Klara Zakopalova from the Czech Republic 7-6 6-0 to set up a meeting with Kerber who beat Yanina Wickmayer from Belgium 6-7 6-3 6-4 .	U.S. advance to Davis Cup quarterfinals at expense of Federer-led Swiss team Defending champions Spain also through after securing 3-0 lead over Kazakhstan Czech Republic will face 2010 champions Serbia or Sweden after beating Italy Marion Bartoli to play Angelique Kerber in final of Paris Open on Sunday
CNN  -- Faced by a man wielding a tennis racquet like a wand , Novak Djokovic produced some magic of his own to claim victory in the final of the Indian Well Masters event . Djokovic , who was blown away in the opening set by Roger Federer , was forced to summon every ounce of strength and determination to deny his opponent a fifth title at the Californian venue . Having lost the opener 6-3 , Djokovic hit back to take the second 6-3 and win a third set tiebreak following an enthralling contest . It was Djokovic 's third triumph at Indian Wells having won there in 2008 and 2011 and his first tournament victory of the year . Federer , the man so many dared to write off , showed once again that he still possesses enough magic to trouble his younger opponents . The 17-time grand slam champion had begun in imperious fashion , racing through the first set as Djokovic struggled for rhythm and consistency . Federer , 32 , defeated Djokovic on his way to winning the Dubai title last month and his confidence was clear to see as he wasted little time in dominating his opponent . The Serb improved in the second set , probing away at Federer at every opportunity , gaining his first break point in the eighth game . And the six-time grand slam winner duly obliged , taking the second of the break points afforded to him to move 5-3 ahead . Djokovic then held his nerve , serving out the game to 30 to level at one set all and take the second 6-3 . The World No. 2 then had the opportunity to take control of the final set but failed to convert a break point in the opening game . Djokovic continued to put the pressure on the Federer serve and earned another break point in the third game -- but once again his opponent shut the door with a stunning forehand . But with Federer beginning to toil , Djokovic finally gained the break point he had so badly craved to move into a 2-1 lead . The contest continued to go with serve -- leaving Djokovic to serve it out at 5-4 . It appeared for all the world that the he would simply go through the motions after becoming so dominant . But Federer , defiant until the last , took the first three points to move to 0-40 on the Djokovic serve . And the Swiss leveled at 5-5 , taking the second of those break points to breathe new life into the contest before holding serve to love to move 6-5 ahead . Djokovic held his nerve to take the final set to a tiebreak with the crowd willing on both players following a pulsating contest . With both players having given everything , it was Djokovic who made the first significant breakthrough , moving into a 5-1 lead . Federer fought back to trail 3-6 but Djokovic finally prevailed , taking the tiebreak 7-3 . Pennetta into final In the women 's event , Italy 's Flavia Pennetta defeated World No. 3 Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 , 6-1 to win the biggest title of her career . Pennetta , 32 , had already seen off top seed Li Na of China as well as former U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur . Radwanksa , seeded second , struggled throughout with an injury to her left leg and succumbed after an hour and 13 minutes . Pennetta had considered retiring from tennis before reaching the semifinals of last year 's U.S. Open . Her decision to continue playing appears a wise one following her latest triumph . "  Last year exactly in this tournament I was thinking ` Oh my god , I ca n't play anymore , " a beaming Pennetta she told reporters . "  Now I am here with the trophy . " Pennetta , who had not won a WTA event since Marcella in 2010 , has now won 10 titles . "  The first set was I think pretty good , " Pennetta said . "  I tried to go for winners . "  Second set , I see she has a physical problem and I started thinking too much . "	Novak Djokovic wins the Indian Wells title World No. 2 defeated Roger Federer in three sets Italy 's Flavia Pennetta wins women 's event Pennetta defeated Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 , 6-1
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A columnist in Cuba 's main government-run newspaper Friday accused employees of the United States diplomatic mission in Havana of accepting bribes for visas , charges that American diplomats challenged . The columnist , Nestor Garcia Iturbide , wrote in the state-run Granma that U.S. consular officials were in the "  business of denying visas " to promote dangerous and illegal travel as well as a side business selling visas . According to Garcia Iturbide , "  to receive the visas some people pay off officials " during secret meetings arranged outside the U.S. Interest Section in Havana , but he offered no details of the alleged payments . U.S. officials countered they have sped up the application process and do n't promote illegal travel . "  The United States supports safe , legal , and orderly migration , and encourages intending immigrants to consider the legal options that may be available to them instead of risking a dangerous and illegal trip via raft or other route , " U.S. diplomats said in statement issued Friday . The statement said that U.S. officials take allegations of corruption seriously and urged anyone with information about alleged visa payoffs to report it to U.S. authorities in Havana . Under migration accords with Cuba , the United States gives at least 20,000 Cubans a year visas to immigrate to the U.S. legally . But the U.S. 's so-called "  wet foot , dry foot " policy means Cubans who reach U.S. soil are not sent back to Cuba , which Cuban authorities say leads to an increase in illegal journeys . Thousands of Cubans also apply for tourist visas to the United States but have to prove that they have long-standing ties on the island that would prevent them from remaining in the United States . In February , Cuba removed a long-standing requirement that forced Cubans to have an exit visa before they could travel abroad .	A Cuban newspaper columnist says U.S. visas can be had for money But the columnist offers no details of alleged payments U.S. diplomats challenge the claim They say the application process has sped up , that they do n't promote illegal travel
EW  -- Early in her career , Helen Mirren specialized in playing hot-blooded schemers and even hotter-blooded seductresses . In films such as "  Hussy , " "  The Long Good Friday " and "  The Cook , the Thief , His Wife and Her Lover , " she combined the classic femme-fatale ingredients of smarts and sensuality into a molten cocktail of deliciously unpredictable danger . Now , at 69 , Mirren seems to have become typecast as stern snoots and blue-blooded battle-axes . What happened ? The obvious answer is that she got older in an industry that fetishizes youth , especially female youth . But I think there 's something else at work . I 'm convinced that Mirren was so indelible as the tough-as-nails inspector Jane Tennison on the excellent British series "  Prime Suspect " that most folks -- including Hollywood casting directors -- have had a difficult time seeing past the hard edges and frosty hauteur that come so effortlessly to her . Oprah and Steven Spielberg talk ` Hundred Foot Journey ' Mirren certainly starts off that way in "  Chocolat " director Lasse Hallström 's latest feel-good slice of food porn , "  The Hundred-Foot Journey . " But one of the formulaic film 's few surprises is how the marvelous actress slowly blossoms from a stubborn prig into a romantic softy . For the first time in ages , she lets us see the frisky grin behind the scowl . Based on Richard C. Marais ' 2010 novel -- and produced by Steven Spielberg and the queen of spoon-fed sentimentality , Oprah Winfrey -- "  The Hundred-Foot Journey " is a culture-clash confection about two rival restaurateurs competing for the hearts and taste buds of the same sleepy French village . On one side of the street is Le Saule Pleureur , a Michelin-starred temple to foie gras , pigeon with truffles , and other refined delicacies lorded over by Mirren 's condescending Madame Mallory . On the other is Maison Mumbai , an open-air bazaar of exotically earthy fare cooked with a sprinkle of turmeric and a heavy dose of love by the Kadam family . Q&A : Helen Mirren Madame does everything she can to foil the newcomers from India , not because she 's a racist  the film makes a point of her firing her xenophobic French chef  but because their restaurant , with its roaming livestock and blaring bhangra music , offends her refined Gallic sensibilities . " Who are zees people ? " she asks with her nose in the air and a stick firmly lodged up her derriere . It 's war . The battle unfolds with all the predictability of a train-station timetable . The Kadams , headed by the widowed patriarch  Om Puri  and his soulful chef son , Hassan  Manish Dayal  , awaken the parochial palates of the hamlet 's quirky residents . When Hassan proves to be just as gifted at conjuring up a mouthwatering béchamel sauce as he is with tandoori goat , Madame wants him to help her win a second Michelin star .  He also turns out to be a natural at wooing her sous chef , played by Charlotte Le Bon . All of these by-the-numbers beats go down smoothly enough  at least until a jarring third-act detour sends Hassan to Paris  . It 's soothing , easily digested comfort food . Which is to say it 's the perfect recipe for a filmmaker like Hallström . Boys Of Summer : Three of this season 's heartthrobs The director of "  What 's Eating Gilbert Grape " and "  The Cider House Rules " is a master at crafting a certain kind of well-appointed sap and manipulating audiences ' tear ducts  I get a lump in my throat just thinking about his 2009 Richard Gere sobfest , "  Hachi : A Dog 's Tale "  . But as talented as he is at eliciting Pavlovian emotional responses with his middlebrow melodramas , he also makes you resent him as soon as you crumple and toss your Kleenex . He rarely earns the catharsis he 's after . Thankfully , here he has Mirren and Puri as his sparring leads . I never entirely bought the flirty détente between the two or believed in the rapturous power of a perfectly cooked sea urchin to solve the world 's problems . But for two hours , at least , I swallowed it with a smile . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Hundred-Foot Journey " is based on the 2010 novel and directed by Lasse Hallström It stars Mirren as a French chef at war with the Indian restaurant across the street Eventually , the two competing restaurants learn to work together The movie is formulaic , but affecting
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- "  The State I 'm In " columnist Brendan Newnam recently spent time in Austin , Texas during the SXSW conference and festival . Here are his Austin essentials : Eat Franks Do n't let the font and the word "  artisan " distract you . This place is about hot dogs and cold beer . Barley Swine One of Austin 's top food trailers , Odd Duck , has grown up and become a tasty , local gastropub . Olivia The best non-sushi restaurant in Austin . Everyone tells you so and everyone is right . Franklin Barbecue Yes , Iron Works is good , Stubb 's is more than adequate and , if you have a couple hours , the Salt Lick experience is divine , but none of their BBQ is any better than Franklin 's . Drink Lala 's -- The best dive bar in Austin celebrates Christmas every day . 2207 Justin Lane ; 512 453-2521 Bar Congress Cocktailian Adam Bryant knows more than you about booze . Try to find a better martini in Texas . I did , but failed each time . Mohawk Bar This is the real place . The spot where visiting cool kids and local kids unite , consume beer and nod to music . Stay The Driskill Pole position for everything Austin , with a touch of cowboy glamour . Hotel San Jose A boutique hotel where I wish I stayed . Courtyard Marriot , Austin Where I stayed . The people were wonderful and never judged me for my 2 a.m. microwavable chimichanga attacks . Play Barton Creek Greenbelt Take a cab to an authentic natural experience . Hike , swim and contemplate life at the geographical bottom of the United States . View the bats on the Congress Avenue Bridge . To get the latest flight times call the Bat Hotline  !  , sponsored by the local paper . Line : 512-416-5700  Category 3636  . Rent boats or kayaks at Lady Bird Lake Attend the SXSW or ACL festival Austin hosts two tremendous music festivals that provide the perfect backdrop for goofing off with friends Austin City Limits SXSW	Capital fare : Barbecue , dogs and the best martini in Texas The Driskill hotel is the pole position for everything Austin Check it out : Swarming hungry bats  they wo n't hurt you  and two great music festivals
CNN  -- There 's a lot to look forward to in the last week of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , including individual event finals for men 's and women 's gymnastics . Can all-around women 's champ Gabby Douglas add to her gold tally in Monday 's uneven bars ? Who will reign supreme in the men 's 400 meters , for which South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius , the Olympics ' first double amputee runner , failed to qualify . Here are five things to look for Monday at the 2012 London Games : 1 . Track and field : Who wins the men 's 400 meters is anybody 's guess . Since 1920 , and with the exception of the Moscow Games which it boycotted , the United States has won a medal in the 400 meters at every Olympic game . Not so this year . Bolt sprints to Olympic gold A hamstring injury forced LaShawn Merritt , the gold medalist in the event in Beijing , to pull out in the semifinals . And South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius , the Olympics ' first double amputee runner , failed to qualify . The favorite to win is Lalonde Gordon of Trinidad and Tobago , who posted the fastest time in the semis on Sunday . The race will take place at 9:30 p.m. London time .  4:30 p.m. ET 2 . Gymnastics : Gabby 's golden chance Everyone 's favorite ` it ' girl , Douglas , will try to add to her medal haul in the final for the uneven bars . But she will have to outdo Elizabeth Tweddle of Great Britain , He Kexin of China and Victoria Komova of Russia . Murray beats Federer to take gold The uneven bar final takes place at 2:50 p.m.  9:50 a.m. ET 3 . Diving : China looks to extend gold streak China has already claimed five of eight gold medals up for grabs at the diving pool in London . It looks to make it six in the 3-meter springboard with He Chong , the current world champion . He faces stiff competition from fellow teammate Qin Kai as well as from a pair of Russians , Evgeny Kuznetsov and Ilya Zakharov . Americans Troy Dumais and Chris Colwill , who won the bronze in the 3-meter synchronized springboard , are also considered possible medal contenders . Opinion : Americans missing best Olympic stories The springboard preliminary round takes place at 7 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  . 4 . Track and field : New Zealand 's forgotten champ Defending Olympic shot put champion Valerie Adams of New Zealand looks to defend her title after the New Zealand Olympic Committee forgot to register her for the event in London . The New Zealand committee moved quickly to resolve the error and include the heavily favored Adams , who has won three consecutive world titles . American gold medals The shot put final takes place at 7:15 p.m.  2:15 p.m ET 5 . Basketball : NBA stars meet Argentina 's top guns The U.S. men 's basketball team , populated with NBA stars , is facing off against Argentina , helmed by Manu Ginobili , Carlos Delfino and Luis Scola . In an exhibition game in July against Argentina ahead of the Olympics , the U.S. team beat Argentina 86-80 . The game is the last of the round of group play before the start of the quarterfinals . The U.S. team takes on Argentina two days after battling Lithuania to a 99-94 victory . The game begins at 10:15 p.m.  5:15 p.m. ET	Gabby Douglas looks to extend her gold medal haul with individual event final New Zealand 's Olympic committee forgets to register the defending shot put champion The U.S. men 's basketball team faces Argentina
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Diego Fernandez de Cevallos , a prominent Mexican politician kidnapped in May , was released and back at his home Monday . "  I am fine , thanks to God . I am strong and my life will continue to be the same , " he told the crush of reporters gathered outside of his home in Mexico City . "  As a man of faith , I have already forgiven them , " Fernandez de Cevallos said about his kidnappers . "  But as a citizen , I believe the authorities have a job to do . " Fernandez de Cevallos , a former senator and congressman and a close ally of Mexican President Felipe Calderon , disappeared on May 14 near his ranch in the state of Queretaro in central Mexico . Blood and other signs of a struggle were found , police said . Federal prosecutors had been investigating the case but later backed off at the request of the ex-senator 's family members . Sporting a white beard , Fernandez de Cevallos seemed thin and much older Monday than in previous public appearances . He was a presidential candidate in 1994 . He belongs to the same political party as Calderon , leading some officials to speculate that he may have been abducted by narcotraffickers . More than 30,000 people have been killed since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . Fernandez de Cevallos ' conservative politics also have led others to speculate that leftist guerrillas may have abducted him .	NEW : Diego Fernandez de Cevallos : "  I am strong " He is back at his home Fernandez de Cevallos was abducted on May 14 ; it is unclear who kidnapped him or why
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- "  In Afghanistan , the sacrifice in the political game is women and children , " female Afghan parliamentarian Fawzia Koofi said . Critics say they fear that Afghanistan 's new Shiite law will set the nation backward . Koofi says that is exactly what happened when the Afghan parliament recently passed a bill intended to give the minority Shia community their own identity . But critics say the latest draft strips Shia women of rights as simple as leaving the house without permission from a male relative and as extreme as allowing a man to have sexual intercourse with his wife even when she says , "  No . " These critics wonder how what amounts to rape in marriage could be passed by parliament and signed into law by President Hamid Karzai . Amid blistering criticism from the West , Karzai addressed the law over the weekend , saying that key elements of the bill were misinterpreted by Western news organizations . Watch Karzai react to controversial law " "  We understand the concerns of our allies and the international community . Those concerns may be due to an inappropriate , not-so-good translation of the law , or misinterpretation , " Karzai told reporters in Kabul . He added that the Minister of Justice will study the "  Shia state law , " line by line , to make sure it follows the nation 's constitution , which requires equal rights to both sexes . "  If there is anything that is of concern to us , then we will definitely take action in consultation with our -LSB- religious clerics -RSB- and send it back to the parliament . You be assured of that . This is something that we 're also serious about and should not allow , " he said . However , Karzai did not address the most controversial part of the bill , dealing with rape of a wife . Watch a report on the law " The Shia state law was debated by 249 members of the lower house , including 68 women , some of whom voted for the bill . It was then sent to the upper house . Even some lawmakers are baffled at the manner in which it passed . "  Most members of the parliament did not know what they were going to vote for , " Koofi said . "  Even some of my friends , MPs sitting with me , voted in favor without knowing what happened . " U.S. President Obama called the law "  abhorrent " and said his administration has made it clear to the Karzai government that it objects to the law . Human rights groups and the international community have condemned the law and say it could undermine efforts to support basic human rights in the war-torn nation . "  We very much hope that the draft piece of legislation is to be withdrawn , " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said during a NATO summit on Afghanistan over the weekend . "  It is unacceptable if such a law were to be passed in Afghanistan and become a part of Afghan legislation . " According to lawmakers who opposed the bill , conservative legislators are pushing back any progress made for women 's rights in Afghanistan after the brutal oppression under the Taliban regime . From 1996 to 2001 , under the Sunni fundamentalist government of the Taliban , women were not allowed to leave their homes without being escorted by a male relative , and girls were not allowed to go to school . When women did leave their homes , they were required to wear a blue burqa , which covered their bodies from head to toe . The only opening was a small net that provided an eyehole for the women to see through . Women remember those days with despair . One female teacher , who asked not to be named , said that during the Taliban regime , she was stopped at the market by the Taliban and beaten with a whip . Her crime : She wore a shawl covering her body instead of a burqa . She says she was too poor to purchase a real burqa . After that beating , she was stuck in her home for months until someone was able to give her a used burqa . But even then , she did n't know how to function wearing the suffocating fabric . "  I remember stepping out of a taxi with my son , and my foot was caught inside the burqa , making me fall out of the taxi onto mud . And everyone started laughing . It was humiliating , " she said . Women in Afghanistan can still be seen wearing burqas . But Koofi says advances have been made for women 's rights in recent years . In some cases , it 's as simple as putting on makeup and walking down city streets . But she fears that the rights of women and children could slowly be eroded , the "  victims of political games , " as she puts it . "  I mean , they do n't have a gun to fight -LSB- with -RSB- , they can not create a mess , " Koofi said . That 's a sentiment echoed by rights groups . "  The reported new law on women 's rights could be about to seriously undermine women 's rights for millions of Afghanistan women , " Amnesty International said in a statement . The new law was intended to give the minority Shia community its own identity within the predominantly Sunni country . Shias have been practicing their form of Islam for centuries in Afghanistan , but they agree that there needs to be a governing Islamic law for Shias alone , one recognized by the central government . Koofi welcomes international support in fighting the new law , telling CNN that international investments in Afghanistan should go beyond financial donations . "  I do n't ask that the international community come and make laws for us , but they have to make the government of Afghanistan accountable for their commitment to women and children ... and basically the human rights situation in this country , " she said .	Afghan law appears to let a man to have sex with his wife even when she says "  no " President Hamid Karzai says the law will be reviewed line-by-line Rights group : "  President Karzai needs to start standing up for human rights " Afghan lawmaker says women and children are "  victims of political games "
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Another person has been added to the list of suspects in the January killing of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel , bringing the number of identified suspects to 27 , two sources told CNN on Monday . Twenty-six of the 27 were carrying European and Australian passports , authorities have said . The sources , an official familiar with the investigation and a police source , did not say which nation issued the passport the suspect used . Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead January 20 in his Dubai hotel room . Police believe he was slain the night before , allegedly by the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad . Earlier Monday , sources in Dubai said two of the suspects ultimately entered the United States after al-Mabhouh 's death , confirming a story originally reported by the Wall Street Journal . But a national security source in the United States cast doubt on that report . Federal authorities ran the two names -- Roy Allen Cannon and Evan Dennings -- through databases and found no indication that anyone with those names or using those names entered the United States after the Dubai killing , the U.S. source said . The Dubai sources said the suspect identified as Dennings , carrying an Irish passport , went to Zurich , Switzerland , immediately after the slaying , then entered the United States on January 21 . The suspect identified as Cannon entered the United States on a British passport on February 14 , the sources said . Both should have been required to provide fingerprints and a picture upon arrival in America , the sources said . On Sunday , Dubai 's police chief said he is "  100 percent sure " that the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad is behind al-Mabhouh 's death . "  The Mossad needs to be ashamed of its actions , " said Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim . "  They sent 26 , 27 persons to assassinate one man who was involved in the capturing and killing of two Israeli soldiers . " Hamas has said al-Mabhouh was behind the 1989 deaths . Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement . Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , however , told Israel Army Radio earlier this month , "  There is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there . " Lieberman has also said only "  media reports " link Israel to the slaying . Asked about the case Saturday by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak repeatedly declined to comment . Earlier Sunday , police said toxicology results showed that al-Mabhouh was injected with succinylcholine , a drug used to relax muscles during surgery or as an anesthetic , before he was suffocated . Signs indicated that al-Mabhouh resisted as he was being suffocated , police said . Family members were told earlier that police had found blood on a pillow . Authorities have also said the killers left some of al-Mabhouh 's medication next to him in an apparent effort to make the death appear natural . But "  the medication left next to him in the room has nothing to do with the killing , " Tamim said Sunday . However , authorities have recovered evidence including DNA , he said . "  The DNA evidence is quite important and will help us with the investigation . " The 27 suspects are believed to have acquired false passports to travel to Dubai for the killing , then scattered to several far-flung locations afterward . Tamim said Sunday not all the suspects have fraudulent passports -- "  We know some of the names are real . " The total of 27 does not include two Palestinians previously arrested in Jordan and returned to Dubai . Tamim said one is not believed to be directly involved in al-Mabhouh 's death , but "  he is wanted by one of the Palestinian factions in the Palestinian territories and he is sentenced to death and that 's why we will extradite him . " He declined to discuss anything about the other Palestinian . Twelve of the suspects used British passports , police said . Six suspects used Irish passports , four used French passports , three used Australian and one used a German passport . Also Monday , the sources said the UAE central bank is working with other nations to track funding and 14 credit cards -- issued mostly by a United States bank -- used by the suspects in different places , including the United States . CNN 's Caroline Faraj and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	27th person added to list of suspects in killing of Hamas leader in Dubai hotel Dubai police chief "  100 percent " sure Israeli intel unit is behind Hamas slaying Israel says only media reports link it to killing and there 's no reason to blame Mossad Sources : Two of the suspects ultimately entered the United States after death
CNN  -- In an ever-evolving , increasingly crowded beverage market , Starbucks is waking up and smelling the coffee . The problem is it 's not their house blend . "  Here 's a statistic that people are surprised by . Despite the long-term success that we 've enjoyed , we have less than 10 percent share of coffee consumption in North America . And less -LSB- than -RSB- 1 percent share internationally , " Starbucks Chairman , President and CEO Howard Schultz told CNN Money . Advertising Age also recently pointed out that despite Starbucks being the world 's largest coffeehouse chain with more than 13,000 locations in more than 50 countries , even its most devout customers purchase only three of every 10 cups of coffee they drink from Starbucks . So , who is stealing Starbucks ' mojo ? Folgers , a division of J.M. Smucker Co. , is still the largest producer of retail packaged coffee in the United States . Its coffee brands include Folgers and Millstone , and it also manufactures and distributes Dunkin' Donuts coffee to sell in grocery stores . Then there is the other American coffee titan , Maxwell House , which is a Kraft Foods brand . Kraft reported soaring earnings in its 2010 first quarter , linking the growth to new advertising and innovation behind existing Kraft brands such as Maxwell House . This competition is stirring Starbucks to step up its home-brewed strategy , partially by adding some flavor . An AC Nielsen panel recently found that more than 11 percent of American households purchase flavored coffee for home use , making it a $ 265 million business in the United States . Starbucks Corp. will enter the fray in June when Starbucks Natural Fusions , in vanilla , caramel and cinnamon , arrives at grocery stores . Additionally , Starbucks wants to capture a larger share of the U.S. brewed coffee market by leaning on its VIA Ready Brew line and Seattle 's Best coffee brand to increase the number of distribution points . Starbucks acquired its former competitor , Seattle 's Best Coffee , seven years ago . "  We are uniquely positioned to reach into these channels because of the brand equity and trust we build with the customers who come into our stores , " Starbucks said in a statement to CNN . Seattle 's Best , in part , will take aim against Starbucks ' typically lower-priced , quick-service rivals such as McDonald 's and Dunkin' Donuts . In a new rebranding effort , Starbucks plans to distribute the Seattle 's Best brand in Burger King and Subway restaurants nationwide . McDonald 's coffee sales have increased every year since the company first introduced its McCafe line of premium coffee in 2006 . In April , McDonald 's announced its U.S. comparable sales rose 3.8 percent , citing beverages , including the new McCafe offerings such as Frappes , as a top contributor to that growth . Despite all this , Starbucks CEO Schultz said the expanding marketplace might just be an advantage to all of its players . "  The level of awareness that was created by McDonald 's ' tens of millions of dollars of advertising created more trial in the marketplace and differentiation . "	Starbucks wants a bigger share of N. American coffee market than its current 10 percent Folgers is the largest producer of retail packaged coffee in the United States Starbucks to put its Seattle 's Best brand in Burger King and Subway Starbucks flavored coffees -- vanilla , caramel , cinnamon -- head to grocery stores in June
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan prosecutors have gathered "  great evidence " against the son of former dictator Moammar Gadhafi , International Criminal Court chief prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said Thursday , reopening the controversial question of where Saif al-Islam Gadhafi will be tried . Both the International Criminal Court and Libya 's new authorities want to put him on trial , and the two sides have been battling over it since his capture in November . The court demanded this month that Libya hand him over immediately to face accusations of crimes against humanity , but Libya appealed the decision . Libyan interim Prime Minister Abdurrahim El-Keib told CNN in an exclusive interview that Gadhafi could "  absolutely " get a fair trial in Libya and that he should face justice there . "  We intend to project the real image of the new Libya , " he said . Asked about the doubts voiced by human rights groups over the country 's capacity to stage the trial properly , he responded : "  I can guarantee you that we will prove them wrong , we are ready ... to go and give him the proper justice and a fair trial . " Moreno-Ocampo , visiting Libya on Thursday , raised the possibility that the Libyan wish would be granted . Libyan prosecutors told him they had interviewed witnesses , including "  high-level people " they have in custody , and had gathered phone intercepts and documents , Moreno-Ocampo said . It includes specific evidence showing Saif allegedly committing crimes with his own hands , not just ordering it , he said . Moreno-Ocampo said he had just learned for the first time that the Libyans had opened an investigation in December . "  We had a meeting with the Libyan prosecutor , " he said . "  For the first time we learned he opened an investigation in December 2011 about the same crimes we investigated , and he has many witnesses . So he has a case . " Libyan authorities must now present their evidence to International Criminal Court judges , along with the explanation of how they will be able to hold a fair trial , the international prosecutor said . "  Now Libya has to present this to the judges . And they promised to do that , " he said . They consider it "  crucial " for the Libyan people to see the son of the late dictator face justice in his own country , Moreno-Ocampo said the authorities told him . "  The Libyans have to see Saif here , and they have to show that they can do it . That 's the goal , " he said . If the ICC judges are satisfied , they will allow Libya to try Saif al-Islam themselves , he said . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi was facing an arrest warrant from the court for alleged crimes against humanity at the time fighters from the Libyan city of Zintan captured him . He has been detained there since November . El-Keib said authorities in Tripoli were in negotiations with those holding Gadhafi in Zintan to transfer him to the capital . The Zintan representatives are worried about his safety and security , El-Keib said , but those concerns are ones that can be met . The handover "  wo n't take long , " he said . ICC defense lawyers said April 5 that Gadhafi had been mistreated and "  physically attacked " in custody . Gadhafi is in a "  legal black hole , " held in "  total isolation " except for visits from officials , his ICC-appointed defense said in a strongly worded statement . He also suffers dental pain because he has n't had treatment , and Libyan authorities have given him nothing to remedy the pain , lawyers Xavier-Jean Keita and Melinda Taylor said . "  The brutal death of Moammar Gadhafi deprived the Libyan people of their right to justice and their right to the truth . It would be a travesty for the prospects of a free and fair Libyan state if the same were to occur to his son , " they said . Moammar Gadhafi died after opposition forces captured him in October . But El-Keib rejected the defense attorneys ' suggestion that the younger Gadhafi was suffering ill treatment in captivity . "  I can guarantee you that he has been safe , he has been treated definitely in a humane and a very decent manner , " he said . Drawing a contrast with the regime under Moammar Gadhafi , El-Keib said Libya had "  definitely changed tremendously -- it 's 180 degrees  different  when it comes to human rights and respecting human rights . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Interim prime minister insists Libya can give Saif al-Islam Gadhafi a fair trial NEW : "  We intend to project the real image of the new Libya , " the prime minister says Libya and the International Criminal Court have been battling over where he will face trial Saif al-Islam Gadhafi was captured in November
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- An 80-year-old Japanese man on Thursday became the oldest person to reach the top of Mt. Everest , officials said . Yuichiro Miura reached the top of Everest Thursday morning with his physician son Gota , mountaineering official Gyanendra Shrestha said from the base of Everest . Miura 's achievement eclipses that of a Nepali man who climbed Everest at age 76 in 2008 . The oldest woman to climb Everest is also a Japanese . She was 73 when she reached the top last year . Miura broke his hip in an accident two years ago , and he underwent heart surgery in January . "  I am still healthy and strong . I think I have a good chance to reach the summit of Everest , " he said via phone earlier this month . To prepare , Miura walked three times a week with loads of 25 to 30 kilograms  55 to 66 lbs  on his back . He reached the top of the 8,848-meter  29,035-foot  peak twice before : in 2003 at age 70 , and in 2008 at age 75 . "  I have a dream to climb Everest at this age , " he said . "  If you have a dream , never give up . Dreams come true . " This year marks the 60th anniversary of the first expedition to reach the summit of Everest : Sir Edmund Hilary and Tenzing Norgay made it to the top of the mountain on May 29 , 1953 . Earlier this month , a 27-year-old graphic designer has made history by becoming the first Saudi woman to conquer the mount .	His record eclipses that of a man who was 76 when he reached the top The oldest woman to climb Everest is also a Japanese Miura broke his hip and underwent heart surgery
CNN  -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is receiving bids to build a five-story complex for the Israeli Air Force , or IAF , near Tel Aviv . The facility , mysteriously dubbed "  site 911 , " will be built under the auspices of the Foreign Military Sales program and is expected to cost the U.S. between $ 25 million and $ 100 million , according to a solicitation for bids posted on a U.S. government website . Only U.S. construction firms are able to bid on this contract , and the deadline for proposals is December 3 , according to the notice . The notice , first reported on by The Washington Post , includes structural plans that show the first three underground floors are roughly 41,000 square feet and will include classrooms on Level 1 , an auditorium on Level 3 and shock-resistant doors throughout . The architectural plans , drawn up by prominent Israeli firm Ada Karmi-Melamede Architects , pays close attention to the aesthetics of the design as well as the functional parameters outlined in the solicitation . For example , three picnic tables are planned for the exterior . Atypical to most Corps of Engineers contracts , the contractor hired will be required to supply mezuzahs , which it describes as parchment inscribed with Torah verses , "  for each door or opening exclusive of toilets or shower rooms . " Generally , mezuzahs are placed in a case and attached to a door frame as a sign of the Jewish faith . The construction site , on an established Israeli Air Force base , will be guarded by "  an Israeli citizen who served in the IAF " and will be separated from military installations with a solid 6-foot fence . Despite the precautions taken around the base , construction workers will be subject to stringent security regulations . Non-Israeli employees are required to arrive on and exit from the site "  in a group only " ; "  the fenced area shall have one gate only for both entering and exiting the site " ; and during work hours , employees are prohibited from leaving the base . The notice also states that the employment of non-Israeli citizens is forbidden , except those from "  the U.S. , Canada , Western Europe countries , Poland , Moldavia , Thailand , Philippines , Venezuela , Romania and China . " It specifies that the employment of Palestinians is strictly prohibited . In addition , it says , "  the Contracting Officer retains all rights to refuse or inhibit employment of any employee . " Site 911 appears to be one of the largest facilities built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which maintains three offices in Israel and has been credited with building a variety of facilities for the Israel Defense Forces over the last few years , including underground hangars for Israeli fighter-bombers and command centers . The purpose of Site 911 remains unclear . The Israeli Embassy in Washington and the Israel Defense Forces did not respond to requests from CNN for comment .	The facility , called "  site 911 , " is expected to cost the U.S. $ 25 million to $ 100 million Only U.S. construction firms can bid on the contract ; the deadline for proposals is Monday The purpose of the site , on an air force base near Tel Aviv , is unclear Construction workers will be subject to stringent security regulations
CNN  -- Catastrophic flooding has prompted the evacuation of thousands upon thousands of people in Russia 's Far East , a government ministry said Sunday , spurring hasty efforts to set up housing for the displaced . Russia 's emergency ministry said Sunday that 18,000 people had been affected in three regions north of China not far from the Sea of Okhotsk . RIA Novosti , a state-run news agency , identified the affected regions as the Amur region , Khabarovsk Territory and the Jewish Autonomous Region . This report , citing an emergency ministry spokesperson , had an even larger number of people affected after heavy rains spurred the floods -- 32,000 , of which 17,000 had been evacuated . The evacuees had lived in thousands of homes and apartment buildings across 121 impacted towns and villages , including some like Amurskaya Oblast , Khabarovskiy Krai and Evreiskaya Oblast that were particularly devastated . Authorities rushed to set up 166 temporary shelters and move in food , water and medical supplies , Health Minister Veronika Skvortsova said , according to RIA Novosti . That report , for instance , said that a plane had headed to the city of Blagoveshchensk with 53 tons of aid , including food , life jackets and boats . Russian President Vladimir Putin held a meeting Saturday on the floods , after which he told local governors to be involved personally in the response . "  No one must be forgotten , and no one must be lost , " he said , as reported by RIA Novosti . The amount of rain should decrease , and the pace water levels are rising should slow down , after Tuesday , said local enviromental official Vyacheslav Parshin . The water in that river -- which is expected to reach 7 meters  23 feet  by August 25 -- had never been so high , Parshin said according to RIA Novosti . The emergency ministry 's report made no mention that anyone had been killed or injured as a result . But flooding in the expansive nation of Russia has proved deadly before . Last July , at least 141 people died after floods surged through southern Russia 's Krasnodar region , state-run media reported , citing Russia 's Interior Ministry . Scores killed in Russia flooding	3 regions in Russia 's Far East suffer catastrophic flooding A government ministry says at least 18,000 are affected Authorities set up 166 shelters , ship in emergency aid , state news reports
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki has had her critics in the past . A defensive game and not landing a grand slam title while she was ranked No. 1 provided fodder for her detractors . But now everyone , it seems , is rooting for the Dane . Why ? Well , much of it must be down to the fact that Wozniacki was dumped -- and very publicly -- by golf sensation Rory McIlroy only months before they were due to tie the knot . McIlroy ended the relationship in May , saying he was n't ready for marriage , and the news left Wozniacki devastated . She was visibly distraught as she spoke to reporters at the French Open soon after , and exited in the first round , her earliest loss at Roland Garros in seven years . The Northern Irishman has since rediscovered his vintage form , claiming he is more focused , and has won two major titles and regained his No. 1 ranking . Wozniacki has also picked up her game after a lengthy slump . She 's the favorite to reach the U.S. Open final from the bottom half of the draw after upsetting Maria Sharapova on Sunday . And whereas Wozniacki said earlier in 2014 she would like to become a young mother -- suggesting her tennis days were numbered -- her own focus is now solely on the court . That Wozniacki is prospering in New York is slightly ironic -- it was where she was reportedly supposed to marry McIlroy in November . She 's sure to return to the Big Apple that month , however , having decided following their split to run in the New York City Marathon . Wozniacki has so far refused to discuss her relationship with McIlroy at the U.S. Open , not that any of the fans minded . The crowd at Arthur Ashe Stadium in her match against Sharapova was firmly behind the 24-year-old , leading her to gush afterwards : "  The crowd was amazing today . " Her victory over Sharapova put Wozniacki into a first grand slam quarterfinal since the 2012 Australian Open . "  The season for me has been a little bit up and down , " Wozniacki said . "  And it 's so nice to kind of start feeling like I 'm playing the way I want to . "  This hard-court season has been amazing for me . I actually started already feeling really good on court since Eastbourne  in June  . I have just been building on my game since then . " Wozniacki won a title in Istanbul in July and even though she did n't add to her haul in Montreal and Cincinnati , the player that stopped her was world No. 1 Serena Williams . Both of their encounters went to three sets . They have become good friends this year , spending time together in Miami after their early departures from the French Open . Although Wozniacki still ca n't be considered an attacking player , her serve has improved , and she has become more aggressive on the baseline . Her retrieving , though , is still what gives opponents problems . Making Sharapova keep running paid off , as the Russian committed 43 unforced errors . "  I think she 's better at what she 's done really well in her career , " Sharapova said . "  I think she 's moving extremely well ; she 's fit . "  I mean , she 's always been fit , but there is a little bit more on her defense shots . "  It 's not just balls up in the air . She 's doing a little bit more with them . " Wozniacki faces another counter puncher , Sara Errani , in the last eight on Tuesday , and could face Williams -- again -- in the final . Williams advanced to the quarterfinals Monday by beating Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi 6-3 6-3 . "  I have had a great summer , and I told Serena I 'm pretty tired of her , " said Wozniacki . "  I said , ` Can you just get out of my way ? ' "  We just laugh about it . This one was a great win for me . Maria , again , is a good player . For me , I think mentally as well to get that in my pocket is kind of nice . "  I still have hopefully a few good matches in me here in this tournament . " Pennetta continues U.S. success New York is also proving to be a happy hunting ground for Flavia Pennetta , a semifinalist last year . The Italian won the biggest title of her career in Indian Wells , California in March but has done little to back that up since . However , the 11th seed is now one win away from matching that feat after topping Australia 's Casey Dellacqua 7-5 6-2 in early play Monday to earn a place in the last eight . But to get any further the 32-year-old will have to get past defending champion Williams . The winner of that match will face either former world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka or Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova . Azarenka , a beaten finalist in New York the past two years but seeded 16th after a year of injury problems , came from behind to beat Serbia 's Aleksandra Krunic 4-6 6-4 6-4 . Makarova , the 17th seed , reached the last eight for the second year in a row after upsetting Canada 's rising star Eugenie Bouchard , winning 7-6  7-2  6-4 against the seventh seed . Meanwhile , men 's No. 1 Novak Djokovic beat Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-1 7-5 6-4 and will face Andy Murray in the quarterfinals . Eighth seed Murray , who beat Djokovic in the 2012 final to win his first grand slam title , brushed off France 's world No. 10 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5 7-5 6-4 . Japanese 10th seed Kei Nishikori reached the second grand slam quarterfinal of his career after outlasting Canada 's No. 5 Milos Raonic in a marathon match that ended at 2:26 a.m. local time -- equaling the latest finish in the tournament 's history . Nishikori triumphed 4-6 7-6  7-4  6-7  6-8  7-5 6-4 in four hours 19 minutes to earn a clash with third-ranked Stanislas Wawrinka . The Australian Open champion , a semifinalist here last year , defeated Spanish 16th seed Tommy Robredo 7-5 4-6 7-6  9-7  6-2 .	Caroline Wozniacki is winning matches as well as fans at the U.S. Open The former world No. 1 had the crowd behind her as she upset Maria Sharapova Wozniacki is now picking up her game after being dumped by Rory McIlroy in May Dane will play Italian 13th seed Sara Errani in quarterfinals in New York
CNN  -- Step by step , in the soft sweet light just before dawn , we climb a knife edge of Namibian sand . We are walking up one of what are said to be the world 's tallest dunes . One dune called "  Big Daddy " rises 380 meters , or about a quarter-mile , from its base , soaring above the hardscrabble scrub-brush and acacia-dotted landscape of western Namibia 's Namib-Naukluft desert . This area , known as Sossusvlei , is remote , about 300 kilometers  186 miles  south-southwest of the capital , Windhoek , and an equal distance southeast from Walvis Bay . But it is worth the long desert drive . The dunes at Sossusvlei are a natural wonder of the world . The sand beneath our feet is powdery , as soft as talcum . Weather and water have crushed it . There are no rocks and no trees on the dunes ' steep slopes , just scattered patches of grass . The night winds and dry sand prevent the rest . There are only the fresh footprints of the few people leading the way up the sharp , narrow crest of the dune . The slopes fall away just a step on either side . We have to stop to safely gaze across the barren valley at the silhouetted outlines of more towering dunes , set against the now dark but slowly lightening sky . It 's difficult in the early morning to see the color . But as the sun slowly rises , for a few more minutes invisible just below the horizon , the dunes ' rich deep orange-red colors begin to emerge . Send in your shots from Namibia The reason we , and so many others , have come here is for the moment just minutes away , when the sun will suddenly blast above the edge of the parched earth , revealing a landscape that 's at once starkly beautiful , sensationally dramatic and incredibly rare . Geologists will tell you that Namibia 's dunes are built and shaped by wind and carved by water . They are believed to be 60 million to 80 million years old , made of sand pushed inland over the eons from the coast by Atlantic Ocean winds that sweep onshore 80 kilometers to the west . Here , near the settlement of Sesriem , westerly winds from the Naukluft Mountains to the east collide with the Atlantic winds , stopping the dunes ' advance . When the wind from the west meets the wind from the east , the sand is pushed upward like the ocean waves the dunes resemble . It forms almost perfectly symmetrical "  star " dunes , each with several arms extending outward from the summit . The eastern mountains do n't face the entire expanse of dunes , so the wind cuts the Sossusvlei valley into a "  U " shape . The result is a region of sharply defined massive sculpted sand piles surrounding a vast valley . Water too has shaped this region , although mostly it is long gone . The ephemeral Tsauchab River flows nearby , but only during rainy periods . The water storms through the dune valley , but the dunes stop its advance . It pushes forward and gathers into small lakes at the base of the dunes but often quickly dries up . In a few spots , the water remains , forming shallow marshlands called "  vlei "  pronounced "  vlay "  that support trees , birds , frogs and other small wildlife . Grasses provide food for springbok , gemsbok and oryx . Quiz : What do you know about the rest of Namibia ? In most places , though , are the remains of dried-up marshlands , barren clay and salt basins that contain the dunes ' dramatic foil : the dead acacia or "  camel thorn " trees . Their black , twisted , petrified remains are said to be as old as 900 years , the harsh remnants of the life that once thrived in the now-vanished lakes . Black pied crows perch in their dead branches and then suddenly take off in flocks to surf the swirling breezes around the dunes . The most prominent dead lake is called , appropriately , Deadvlei . It is a broad basin of parched ground surrounded by dunes . It is accessible along a dirt and sand path that crosses smaller dunes on one end . As we walk over the crest , the bone-dry basin appears below . Once , centuries ago , there was a lake here . Now , blackened petrified acacias rise hauntingly from the hard vlei floor . Jennifer Lopez once filmed a scene here for the movie "  The Cell . " The lunar ground crackles slightly beneath our feet as we walk out to the tree Lopez posed against . It is a perfect place for science-fiction , but it is very starkly real . The Namib-Naukluft National Park itself is closed at night . Visitors stay at lodges and campgrounds in Sesriem , the settlement outside the park  see accommodation information below  . In the darkness before dawn , they drive the 60-kilometer  37-mile  road from Sesriem and line up at the entrance gate , then gingerly navigate the rough road about 5 more kilometers to the first dunes . One needs a high-clearance 4x4 to reach most areas of the valley , including many of the popular sites . It 's easy to suddenly drive into deep sand . On one tract , we had to help a family push out their loaded-down 2x4 . This is a bad place to ignore sound advice . The most popular dune to climb is called Dune 45 . It is easily accessible from the entrance road , and from its crest is where most visitors view the sunrise . From the top , the view is otherworldly . The sun rises and the dunes ' color emerges , slowly changing and brightening in the desert 's morning light . Ahead of us , waves of dunes twist across the basin . Behind us , sand sweeps back toward the ocean . We sit , take photographs and play a bit in the sand , always mindful of the steep slopes around us . When it comes time to descend , there are two ways down : walk back down along the crest you climbed up or sand-ski down the slope . The second option is very steep and only for the daring . Those who choose the slope hop and zig-zag across and down , as if they 're skiing . Many slightly less intrepid visitors try the slope descent sitting . The sand is so soft and deep , and there are no obstacles to hit , but it is a long way down . Still , with just a little care , it is very hard to get hurt . It is a natural playground . Endless exploration , hiking and dune climbing await . From one vlei , we notice tiny movements atop one of the distant dunes , the outlines of two climbers reaching a summit . But visitors must watch the time . By midday , the desert can become blazingly hot , and there is little shade . The footprints of this morning 's visitors mark the dunes they have climbed . By noon , most are leaving the park . A vast quiet returns . By nightfall , the winds will pick up again , sweeping across the sand , erasing the footprints . The dunes ' slopes will quickly return to what they have been for millennia : soft , silent , unmarked -- ready to dwarf and astonish the next day 's visitors . IF YOU GO Getting there Sesriem is reached by mostly decent , well-marked roads from Namibia 's capital , Windhoek , and from Walvis Bay on the coast . Both cities have international airports , and rental cars including 4x4s are available . The drive from either city takes about 4Â 1/2 hours , and since the goal is to visit Sossusvlei at dawn , it is an overnight trip . Gasoline is sporadically available en route , but the region is remote , and it is wise to fill up before leaving the city and carry some food , water and sunscreen . Many Namibian tour companies offer escorted trips from Windhoek and Walvis Bay to Sesriem/Sossusvlei . They are easily found online . Accommodations An increasing number of accommodations , from campgrounds to upscale lodges , await visitors in and around Sesriem . Be mindful that Sesriem is more like a settlement than a town . Gasoline and limited groceries are available in lodge and campground gift shops . The Sesriem Campsite and Sossus Dune Lodge are inside the park , enabling visitors to get to the dunes before sunrise . Here are a few accommodation suggestions : Sossus Dune Lodge is inside Namib-Naukluft Park and offers comfortable , eco-friendly chalet-style accommodations , with canvas walls and thatched roofs . The lodge has a restaurant , bar and swimming pool . Each chalet has an en-suite bathroom and solar-powered lights and fans . The lodge offers a variety of guided trips to the dunes and other nature excursions . Low season rates $ 139-177 per person ; summer season rates $ 304-355 per person . Discount for children . reservations@nwr.com.na Sesriem Campsite is a very popular government-owned campground , but visitors must bring their own tents or other sleeping accommodation . Campsites include a fire pit , a water spigot and electrical outlets . Communal buildings have bathrooms and showers . The campground has a swimming pool , a small bar and a gift shop that sells souvenirs , maps , a few groceries and sundries . Advance reservations are a must . About $ 16 per person per night . reservations@nwr.com.na Sossusvlei Lodge is an upscale hotel very close to the park entrance . It offers canvas-roofed , air-conditioned units with patios and en-suite bathrooms . The lodge has a restaurant , a bar and beer garden , a swimming pool and an adventure center where travelers can book tours , hot air balloon rides and other activities . Low season rates $ 161 - $ 254 per person ; summer season rates $ 201 - $ 295 per person . Discount for children . This article was originally published on May 21 , 2012 for ` Inside Africa ' . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	The dunes at Sossusvlei are said to be the world 's tallest They are believed to be 60 million to 80 million years old Wind and water have built and shaped them Sunrise , when the orange-red landscape emerges , is not to be missed
CNN  -- A Jackson , Mississippi , high school basketball coach is accused of whipping students for "  failing to run basketball plays correctly , " according to a federal lawsuit filed this week by three students . Coach Marlon Dorsey acknowledged he "  paddled " students , but he defended it as a way to "  save these young men from the destruction of self , " the court filing said . A school district spokeswoman and its attorney would not confirm whether Dorsey has been suspended , but he has not shown up to teach or coach at Murrah High School in recent days , according to the students ' lawyer . The suspension was apparently for 28 days without pay , attorney Lisa Ross said . Dorsey is still employed with the district , spokeswoman Peggy Hampton said late Thursday afternoon . The students are still attending classes and are playing on the boy 's varsity basketball team , Ross said . One senior was whipped "  daily and sometimes more than once daily by striking him three times across his buttocks each time " with a "  five to ten pound weight belt , " the suit said . One beating was captured on video , the suit said . Jackson School Superintendent Lonnie Edwards Sr. , who viewed the video , said it "  certainly shows a reflection of inappropriate behavior . " In a Thursday statement , Edwards indicated the matter has been resolved . "  In taking action , the school district considered the seriousness of the circumstances , prevailing policy , input and concerns from parents and the athletes involved , and Coach Dorsey 's overall employee performance record . Since this is a personnel matter , no further details will be provided to the public by the school district . We do not want to violate Coach Dorsey 's privacy rights . However , you may be assured that this situation has been addressed . " The three students were beaten for "  no legitimate purpose whatsoever , " but Dorsey accused them of "  failing to run basketball plays correctly , " the suit said . "  He told them they had the choice to accept the licks without complaining to anyone or forfeit the opportunity to play basketball for their high school team , " it said . The coach verbally abused basketball players , calling them "  sissy , " "  bitch , " "  wimp , " and "  soft , " it said . Dorsey has not commented to CNN , but the lawsuit filing included a statement issued by the coach after the whipping allegations hit the news media . "  I paddled my students ... today , some of -LSB- sic -RSB- students have lost pride in their school and in their  sic  selves . Students are disrespecting teachers , administrators and other students by stealing cell phones , leaving off campus without permission , disrupting classroom teaching time , late for class and not following dress codes by wearing the pants on their butts and house shoes to school and on-court behavior . I took it upon myself to save these young men from the destruction of self and what society has accepted and become silent to the issues our students are facing on a daily basis . " Principal Freddrick Murray is also named as a defendant . The suit claims that students and parents told him about the whippings , but he failed to investigate or stop them . The school district 's website says corporal punishment is prohibited . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Three high school students file lawsuit against coach Lawsuit : The beatings were for "  failing to run basketball plays correctly " The coach says he was saving students from their "  destruction of self " Marlon Dorsey is not teaching or coaching now
CNN  The Lunar New Year is the only time of year China 's army of migrant workers gets to go home . Known as "  chunyun , " the annual travel crush is the world 's largest migration of humans . The lengths workers go to to see their families during the country 's biggest holiday , which this year began February 19 , is one facet of migrant worker life captured by factory hand turned photographer , Zhan Youbing . For more than a decade , Zhan was himself one of China 's 250-million strong "  floating population " of migrant workers . Originally from the rural , inland province of Hubei , he worked as a security guard in the factories that surround the southern boom town of Guangzhou , over a thousand kilometers away . Now a professional photographer , he trains his camera lens on those he left behind . "  I have lived this life , " he says . "  So I know exactly what their situations are . " For the past 10 years , he has photographed workers in eight factories in Dongguan , a factory town near Guangzhou , documenting their life on and off the assembly lines . The scenes Zhan has captured range from the bizarre to the intimate . In one electronics factory , workers resembling astronauts -- their protective clothing only reveals their eyes -- take a quick nap . But he also shows a life where strong friendships are forged -- at a dormitory dinner party for example . He 's taken more than 400,000 photos and they 've been been exhibited across the country . But he did n't go to any of the exhibitions . "  I did n't have the travel expenses , " he says . In November , he published a book called "  I 'm a Migrant Worker , " a compilation of writing and more than 150 photos . Map captures biggest human migration on earth Zhan started taking photos for an internal factory publication in 2002 . He then took vocational classes . When he returned to his hometown for the Lunar New Year celebrations , he found photos a better way than words to describe life in the factory to his mother and mother-in-law . Yet it was a deeper feeling of insecurity that drove him to keep documenting the life of migrant workers - a turbulent life over which they have little control . "  Sometimes , you want to jump ship for better pay at another factory shortly after starting your current job , " Zhan says . "  Yet at other times when you want to stay on and settle down , you get fired or the factory gets taken over . " If photography meant self-fulfillment for Zhan in the early days , it is now more of a mission . He says the more photos he takes , the more deeply he understands the issues migrants face . Zhan says he is particularly concerned about the plight of children left behind by parents . Restrictions on housing , education and healthcare , make it hard for migrant workers to bring along their kids and they are often raised by grandparents , relatives or neighbors . "  The parents have devoted their lives to the manufacturing industry , but they barely get anything . Now their kids start entering the sad cycle . " Despite his success , Zhan thinks himself no different to a migrant worker and says the feeling of uneasiness from that time will never fade . "  I feel like rootless duckweed on a strange land . " IN PICTURES : Lunar New Year	Zhan Youbing is a former factory worker , now an acclaimed photographer Zhan uses his intimate knowledge of migrant workers to capture their lives on and off the assembly line "  I have lived this life , " he says . "  So I know exactly what their situations are "
CNN  -- Creating the next Uber or Facebook may be the dream of many tech entrepreneurs , but it 's only a small band that ever get to make it happen . For Jessica Livingston , giving a fighting chance to that next big idea has become a business in its own right . As the co-founder of startup accelerator Y-Combinator , she knows a thing or two about what makes a successful tech company . Her out-of-the-box idea was to provide small amounts of funding to lots of startups at once . "  A lot of times when start-ups get started , there 's this kernel of an idea . It 's not very exciting , all your friends and family are making fun of it , " she said . Established in 2005 , Y-Combinator focuses on providing a small amount of funding , food , work space and expertise to up-and-coming entrepreneurs . In return , Y-Combinator obtains a 7 % stake in each company once it is launched . "  Y-Combinator provides funding for startups at the very earliest stages , " Livingston said . "  We have an application process twice a year and we fund startups in batches . So we 'll fund 80 startups at once over a three-month period . " $ 120,000 in funds The company gives startups $ 120,000 and then helps them incorporate as a business . "  We then help them with their idea , help them launch and help them get press and then at the end of the three months we 'll host a demo day and that is when the startups present to about 500 of the country 's top investors to get follow-up funding , " says Livingston . Since its inception , Livingston has funded more than 700 startups and 12 non-profits . Some of them are now among the best known online companies in the world including Dropbox , AirBnB and Reddit . "  When you first get started on an idea , you do n't want millions of dollars in funding , " explained Livingston . "  You would n't know what to do with it . You just want a little bit of money to see if your idea works and then take it from there . " She now has a keen eye for the "  next big thing " and recognizes the role they will play in shaping the future of business . Cohesive team Key to the success of a startup , she said , is a cohesive founding team . "  Have the founders known each other for years ? Did they go to school together , did they work together for five years ? One of the biggest reasons startups fail early on is because the co-founders do n't get along . "  I love startups because anyone can start one if they have a computer and an internet connection . "  You can be any age , you can do it from home . And it 's all about seeing if an idea can work and to me that 's just so exciting . and that 's what gets me up every morning . " "  It does n't matter where you went to college . It does n't matter who you know . We are just looking for a great idea . "	Start-up accelerator Y-Combinator provides seed money to new startups It has been behind some of the biggest names in tech startups : Reddit , Dropbox and AirBnB Established in 2005 , the accelerator takes a 7 % stake in the companies it backs The company gives start-ups $ 120,000 and then helps them incorporate as a business
Mental Floss  -- People have been eating pickles ever since the Mesopotamians started making them way back in 2400 B.C.E. . Here are some even more important things you should know about them . Pickles have gotten credit for health and beauty and winning football games . 1 . In the Pacific Islands , natives pickle their foods in holes in the ground lined with banana leaves , and use them as food reserves in case of storms . The pickles are so valuable that they 've become part of the courting process , helping a man prove he 'll be able to provide for a woman . In Fiji , guys ca n't get a girl without first showing her parents his pickle pits . 2 . Cleopatra claimed pickles made her beautiful .  We guess it had more to do with her genes . 3 . The majority of pickle factories in America ferment their pickles in outdoor vats without lids  leaving them subject to insects and bird droppings  . But there 's a reason . According to food scientists , the sun 's direct rays prevent yeast and mold from growing in the brine . Mental Floss : 8 disastrous product names 4 . In the Delta region of Mississippi , Kool-Aid pickles have become ridiculously popular with kids . The recipe 's simple : take some dill pickles , cut them in half , and then soak them in super strong Kool-Aid for more than a week . According to the New York Times , the sweet vinegar snacks are known to sell out at fairs and delicatessens , and generally go for $ .50 to a $ 1 . 5 . Not everyone loves a sweet pickle . In America , dill pickles are twice as popular as the sweet variety . 6 . The Department of Agriculture estimates that the average American eats 8.5 lbs of pickles a year . 7 . When the Philadelphia Eagles thrashed the Dallas Cowboys in sweltering heat in September 2000 , many of the players attributed their win to one thing : guzzling down immense quantities of ice-cold pickle juice . Mental Floss : 31 unbelievable high school mascots 8 . If it were n't for pickles , Christopher Columbus might never have "  discovered " America . In his famous 1492 voyage , Columbus rationed pickles to his sailors to keep them from getting scurvy . He even grew cucumbers during a pit stop in Haiti to restock for the rest of the voyage . 9 . Speaking of people who get credit for discovering America , when he was n't drawing maps and trying to steal Columbus ' thunder , Amerigo Vespucci was a well-known pickle-merchant . 10 . Napoleon was also a big fan of pickle power . In fact , he put up the equivalent of $ 250,000 as a prize to whoever could figure out the best way to pickle and preserve foods for his troops . 11 . During the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair , H. J. Heinz used pick-shaped pins to lure customers to his out of the way booth . By the end of the fair , he 'd given out lots of free food , and over 1,000,000 pickle pins . 12 . Berrien Springs , Michigan , has dubbed itself the Christmas Pickle Capital of the World . In early December , they host a parade , led by the Grand Dillmeister , who tosses out fresh pickles to parade watchers . Mental Floss : Curious , bizarre and storied state symbols For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Average American eats 8.5 lbs of pickles a year , according to Dept. of Agriculture Southern state treat : Dill pickles soaked for week in Kool-Aid Philly Eagles players said pickle juice helped them beat Dallas Cowboys in 2000 Christopher Columbus and Napoleon were fans of pickle power
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Violence and heavy metal seem to have been inextricably entwined since the dawn of the metal genre . Accusations that the Columbine killers were influenced by Marilyn Manson 's music were found to be false . Judas Priest , Marilyn Manson and Black Sabbath are just some of the household metal names to have come under public fire for supposedly inciting teenagers to commit murder and suicide . It 's a fire the international media has been happy to flame , quick to draw links between various acts of savagery and heavy metal even if , as in the case of the Columbine shootings and Marilyn Manson , evidence points to the contrary . For anthropologist , documentary filmmaker and self-confessed "  Metalhead " Sam Dunn , heavy metal is often used as a scapegoat to distract from the thoroughly more complicated societal problems surrounding such incidents . "  I think people look at heavy metal and label it for all sorts of things because we need easy answers to complex questions , " Dunn says . "  I think that it 's easy to target a heavy metal band for inciting violence or making kids turn to a cult than it is to actually look at real problems in the real world . " It 's easy to see where the journalists , parents and religious groups get their ideas from . A quick scan of the lyrics of any heavy metal band worth its salt will often reveal some gasp-inducing subject matter . For instance in his film "  A Headbanger 's Journey , " Dunn quotes some of his favourite lyrics by a metal band called Autopsy : "  Burning from the inside out , bloody foam spews from your mouth , smell the putrid stench of flesh , as it burns you to your death . " Not the sort of poetry to be quoting to grandmother over lunch , but can such ludicrous gore really incite people to violence , not to mention murder ? As one young Norwegian metal fan told the UK 's Guardian newspaper : "  It 's all fantasy , none of this is real , you ca n't take this seriously , it 's just like a movie . " But compared to some of the images filling our cinema screens -- The Devil 's Rejects , Wolf Creek , The Passion of the Christ to name a few -- even Autopsy 's lyrics seem a little tame . "  I have listened to enough metal for me to essentially be a serial killer , " says James McMahon from UK music magazine NME . "  But there 's something in me that says no , that 's not what I believe life is about . Serial killers existed before Slayer , you know . " "  I 'm a big fan of horror movies but Hostel , Saw , those torture porn films , I found myself repulsed -- metal is pantomime comparatively . " As Alice Cooper quips : "  There 's more blood in ` Macbeth ' than in my shows and that 's required school reading . " For metal musicians , death , blood and mayhem , in its various guises , are all simply part of the act , part of "  the show . " "  I think it comes from being a child of the '70s , " says Iron Maiden 's lead singer Bruce Dickinson . "  I was brought up on Hammer horror movies and things like "  The Devil Rides Out , " classics like that . " "  So while we do the devil type things , it 's done ... I would n't always say in a tongue-in-cheek way , but there is an element of it . It 's done with a view to storytelling and drama , with a bit of dressing-up going on . " Iron Maiden has also endured its fair share of controversy . The title of its 1982 album , "  The Number of the Beast , " and repeated use of "  666 " in the titular track 's chorus had America 's religious right up in arms . They accused the band of being devil worshippers , Satanists and of "  trying to pervert our kids . " "  When I play that song I think , well , ok , this is n't glorifying the devil , because that 's certainly not what I would do , " says Iron Maiden drummer Nicko McBrain , a born-again Christian . "  It 's making an awareness that yes he 's out there , and you 've got to be aware . There is a man with 666 tattooed on his noggin somewhere . " Ironically , the fundamentalist reaction to "  The Number of the Beast " packed out Iron Maiden tour gigs in every American town they visited . Kids squeezed into arenas desperate to see what was scaring their parents so badly . Despite this marketing draw , Dickinson is keen to distance Iron Maiden from the violence for violence 's sake approach practiced by some of his contemporaries , such as musicians from the extreme Black Metal and Death Metal sub-genres . "  We 're not interested in being extreme , " he says . "  We 're interested in being interesting and in animating people 's imaginations with the stories that we tell and the songs . " It 's an approach that chimes with what one female Iron Maiden fan , Ruth , tells us , "  I really do n't see any violence in the fans and I have been to loads of their gigs , " she says . "  I am in a tiny minority of women , in a room full of men wearing black -- which should seem scary , but it totally is n't . The men hold doors open for me and apologize if they bash into me . They are basically really meek and polite . " So while upside-down crucifixes , homicidal zombies and lashings of blood might continue to fuel our preconceptions about heavy metal music , it 's worth remembering , appearances and reality can be very different beasts indeed .	Heavy metal used as a scapegoat according to anthropologist Storytelling and drama important , not violence , says Iron Maiden singer Heavy metal is pantomime compared to torture-porn films says NME journalist Iron Maiden accused of being Satanists in 1980s
CNN  -- In the past two weeks , the U.S. Secret Service has had a number of agents either resign or get fired in disgrace for their actions in Colombia . The uniformed service members supporting the agents are being investigated under the Uniformed Code of Military Justice , and the media frenzy remains insatiable . Are we surprised ? Is n't this story about grown men acting badly ? Of course not , it 's far more troubling . This is about at least one disciplined and professional organization failing to lead or act consistent with the discipline required of their service , whether it is the secret service or the military . Senators criticize military briefing on Colombia scandal We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership and they failed at both . The good news is we found out about these shenanigans before this incredibly bad behavior became an acceptable new , lower standard . The problem , you see , is leadership has no variable speed , no levels of acceptance . There is but one standard . You either lead or you do n't . Leadership is about getting people to do things they otherwise would not do when no one else is looking . Well , no surprise here that in our cyber world , when everything everyone does is subject to scrutiny , some one is always looking . Agent posted Palin picture on Facebook page It 's naÃ ¯ ve to assume otherwise . The Secret Service and their military support team were idiots to assume that they could act badly and get away with it . As citizens and taxpayers , we 'd expect good discipline from these folks without having to have some one check up on them . But sadly , they failed us and demonstrated that they need supervision . They need leadership . Do n't think that this band of agents and their military support was anything other than a gaggle of guys , acting more like punks that leaders . My suggestion is that there was not one leader in the bunch . If there was a leader , he failed to show up for the most important mission he accepted ... protecting our President . Something did not go wrong ; something is wrong . My suggestion is that the Secret Service is a great agency that failed at its core mission ... to lead and act like no one is looking . However , for some inexplicable reason that challenges the agency 's core , it defined leadership in an entirely unrecognizable way . These are not young "  troops " acting out badly . Did events in Colombia change everything or was something wrong long before events in Colombia ? Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of General Marks .	The scandal involving prostitution in Colombia has embarrassed the Secret Service Marks : We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership "  Secret Service is a great agency that failed at its core mission , " says Marks
Atlanta  CNN  -- The shooting deaths of five people at a suburban Atlanta spa Tuesday night was a murder-suicide triggered by a domestic dispute , police said Wednesday . A man shot himself to death after killing his two sisters and their husbands at the Su Jung Health Spa in Norcross , Georgia , according to a police statement . The man had been asked to leave the business earlier in the day , but returned at 8:40 p.m. and began shooting with a semiautomatic pistol , police said . The names of the dead , all in their early 50s to mid-60s , have not been made public . "  The Norcross Police Department continues to investigate the incident and has worked with the  South  Korean consulate in this incident , " the statement said .	NEW : The dead includes a man , his two sisters and their husbands , police say NEW : Police are working with the South Korean consulate , police say NEW : Man had been asked to leave the shop , but he returned later with a gun
CNN  -- Michelle Asci dreamed of capturing life through her camera lens . Asci had her sights set on being a photographer as she graduated with a bachelor of fine arts degree from Georgia State University in December . But the 23-year-old is not working as a photographer . She 's at a concession stand , selling popcorn or ushering people into their respective theaters before the midnight screening . Asci 's been working part-time at the same Atlanta movie theater since 2005 . "  It 's going on to be eight years of this , " she said . But working part-time at a movie theater was not what she saw herself doing with her degree , and she is not alone . Last month 's surprising drop in U.S. unemployment rates from 8.2 % to 7.8 % gave many hopes that the economy is improving , and the lower rates even beat the expectations of some economists . But a breakdown of the latest jobs report shows that more than half of the jobs added this month are part-time . This leaves people like Asci wondering : Is the new American job part-time ? From law dreams to data-entry Every day , Dolores Casillas holds her breath as she walks into the Chicago bank where she works part-time doing data entry . It 's a temporary position , and she 's heard her boss say time and time again that there might not be a job for her one of these days . "  There was someone at my job who was working for only three weeks , and she came in one day and did n't have a job . It 's nerve-wracking , " she said . The insecurity of her part-time job is one reason behind the mounting stress facing the 27-year-old , who graduated from Northeastern Illinois University in 2010 with a degree in political science . Casillas , like many adults her age , has student loans along with a laundry list of other bills she needs to pay . She lives with her mom to offset her expenses and started working as a film and television extra on the side to supplement the part-time pay she makes at the bank . This month , she is going to be an extra on a Chicago-based television show , acting as a housekeeper . It 's quite a departure from her dreams of becoming a lawyer . But she says those dreams are not realistic anymore when she thinks about the average cost of higher education . "  Law school 's like , what , $ 75,000 ? I ca n't afford that . I tried looking for a paralegal job , but I could n't find anything , " she said . "  I feel like we are the confused generation , " Casillas said . "  My mom was 24 when she got her own house and had my sister . Both my parents had jobs then , here in America . When I think about that , I think to myself , ` Wow , I do n't have any of that . ' " It frustrates Casillas to compare herself with her mother , who for the past 26 years has worked at a Chicago factory to support their family . "  I thought I would get a better job than her because I have a degree . I never thought I would make less than my mom , " she said . Still , she is grateful about her situation when she thinks about friends who are unemployed . She 's persistent in applying for jobs and is willing to work random part-time jobs to help pay off her bills and loans . "  If you want to keep yourself from being homeless , do n't be picky with jobs , " she advised . From corporate suit to story reader When Cynthia Foust saw the "  hatchet man " at her corporate job at a North Carolina mobile company one morning in 2008 , she knew that someone was getting the ax . Little did she know that it would fall on her and her entire quality service department . She was shocked and mainly hurt to see her co-workers break down in tears when they got the news of their termination . Unlike them , she was financially stable even with the loss of her job , relying on her husband with a full-time job and the money she 'd saved when she was working . But after using up her severance package , she decided she needed to do more . So when she came across an ad in her local paper for a job as a story reader , she considered the idea . "  I thought it was really interesting , " she said . "  I have a son , and when I read to him , I would do the voices and make each character sound different and use an inflection in my voice , so I thought to myself , ' I can do this . ' " Now , she works part-time reading to young children who attend at-risk schools and other learning programs . Foust spends her mornings using creative methods to tell stories to children . "  We are trying to teach kids to love reading and love books , " she said . Foust says she finds deeper fulfillment now with her part-time job as a story reader , but she remains realistic about its ability to sustain her financially . "  This job would not be enough support my family solely , " she said . Losing her corporate job helped her realize she wanted to spend her time differently . "  I am happy in the way my life is going right now . My son is in grad school , and my husband 's job is pretty secure , " she said . But she knows that if she did not have her savings and her husband 's income to fall back on , she would have problems . "  The quality of my life improved because I have more time for my family . But the drawbacks to a part-time job are no benefits and no insurance , " she said . Radio station worker turns entrepreneur With more than 30 years of radio experience , Steve Hamilton could do practically every job in his Colorado building . Despite his years of experience , his varying skills sets and his degrees in mass media and broadcast meteorology , he lost his job . "  I was disappointed at losing the ` big money , ' " he said . "  But I was also excited about the new prospects of starting my own station and not having to answer to anyone but myself . " He took his job loss as an opportunity and decided to create his own Internet radio station , KHigh Radio , tapping into the smooth jazz genre that he knew had a long tradition in the Denver market . KHigh Radio is just one of three part-time jobs he works , and he admits he was making a lot more when he was working full-time with a radio station . "  I see great possibilities with Internet radio and an opportunity to make even more than my previous full-time job , " he said . "  It will just take several more years to achieve it . " He does think the economy was a factor in losing his full-time job , and he says he did not expect to see himself working three part-time jobs at the age of 50 . "  I thought I 'd be full-time in radio due to my large skill set . However , I learned that economics rules , " he said . From photography student to movie theater worker Asci , the part-time movie theater employee , knows that the economy is directly affecting her employment situation . "  The majority of my friends are in the same boat as me , " she said , explaining that many of them work part-time jobs as babysitters and restaurant workers . But she continues to apply for jobs every day . "  I feel like , if I stop looking , I would n't be as happy , because I will just be settling for something I do n't want , " she said . Her new husband , who worked part-time for several months at a furniture store , finally got offered two full-time jobs . She says that definitely gives her hope , and she has not given up on the idea of heading back to school to continue studying art and photography . "  Overall , I 'm happy , " she said . "  I 'm a positive person , and if I 'm at a movie theater for another year , I 'll survive . "	More than half new jobs created for the month of September were part-time jobs Many Americans are working several part-time jobs to support themselves Part-time employees usually do not receive benefits or insurance Some people have turned the loss of full-time employment into a career opportunity
Westminster , Maryland  CNN  -- Matthew Snyder 's funeral was to be a private affair , with family and friends gathering at a Catholic church to mourn the 20-year-old Marine who died a hero in Iraq , serving his country . But Matt 's father says his grief was compounded by anger and helplessness because of about a dozen unwanted visitors , a fringe group standing at the center of a constitutional showdown . "  I was just shocked that any individual could do this to another human being , " Albert Snyder told CNN . "  I mean , it was inhuman . " He speaks of members of a small Kansas church who have gained nationwide attention for protesting loudly at funerals of U.S. service members , denouncing homosexuality . Both sides will now receive a Supreme Court hearing over their competing constitutional rights . Oral arguments are Wednesday morning , with a final ruling some months away . At issue is a balancing test between the privacy rights of grieving families and the free speech and religious expression rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message . Several states have attempted to impose specific limits on when and where the protests are conducted . Here , venue and context will be key to the justices ' decision -- whether funerals warrant a greater zone of privacy , and whether the "  speech " in this case was specifically aimed at a private citizens like the Snyder family . ` Everyone deserves to be buried with dignity ' Matt Snyder always wanted to be a solider , his father said . His son enlisted just after high school , he said , and enjoyed the military life : "  I think Matt wanted to be in a job where he could help people and serve that purpose . " The young lance corporal died from a noncombat-related vehicle accident in Iraq 's Anbar province on March 3 , 2006 . Albert Snyder called it the worst day of his life . The funeral was held at St. John Catholic Church in this northern Maryland town . Two days before , members of the Westboro Baptist Church had advertised its intent to appear and picket . That prompted a heavy police presence at the March 10 funeral , including a command center and SWAT team . Westboro Baptist Church members were confined to a pre-assigned space along a public road , some distance from the church building . The funeral procession was rerouted to avoid driving directly past the protesters . The hecklers carried signs that varied from the general to the personal : "  God Hates America , " Priests Rape Boys , " but also "  You 're Going to Hell , " and "  God Hates You , " which the Snyder family claimed was directed at their son , who was not gay . The church patriarch Fred Phelps led the protest . "  That 's what I preach . They 're either fags or f -- ing enablers . Take your choice , each one is going to hell . " Another church member said , "  We 're here to tell them that they sent their son to hell . " There were no direct confrontations and no arrests of the church members . Albert Snyder then sued , claiming defamation and invasion of privacy . He says he became violently ill when he saw an online "  manifesto " the Westboro Baptist Church posted after that protest . In it , the Phelps family said Albert Snyder and his wife raised Matthew "  for the devil " and that "  God killed Matthew so His servants would have an opportunity to preach His words " at other venues across Maryland . "  They are very sick individuals , " said Snyder . "  It comes down to dignity . No one should be buried with what the Phelps did . Everyone deserves to be buried with dignity . " A jury agreed and awarded Snyder 's family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages , plus $ 8 million in punitive damages for intentional infliction of emotional distress , and intrusion upon seclusion , among other finding . Those total damages were later reduced to $ 5 million . It was the nation 's first civil suit against the church over the protests . Albert Snyder testified he suffered severe physical and emotional distress , but church members argued their broader message was aimed at the unspecified actions of the military and those who serve in it . A federal appeals court agreed , concluding the signs and shouts did not directly refer to the lance corporal , and were therefore protected speech on issues of national debate . That court called the Kansas church 's actions "  rhetorical hyperbole . " Now the Supreme Court is poised to offer the final word . Founder 's daughter dismisses effort to silence church Westboro is a mostly family affair , with the Phelps family making up most of the 75 or so congregants . They own a compound of houses in Topeka , Kansas , where they live and conduct services . The pastor has 13 children , at least 54 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . He described himself as an "  old-time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , "  You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . " The church , founded in 1955 and led by Phelps , is not affiliated with any known Baptist associations but has been officially registered as a religious institution . Its members believe God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality , " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country hundreds of times , shouting their unique message . Before they began protesting the funerals of soldiers , church members brought their colorful "  God hates fags " signs to the funerals of gay men who died of AIDS or AIDS-related illnesses . Church members also picketed the funeral of Matthew Shepherd , the victim of an anti-gay beating and one of those for whom the Matthew Shepherd and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act was named . They also show up at football games , music concerts , Jewish institutions , the Holocaust Museum in Washington , state legislatures and courthouses . They plan to picket outside the Supreme Court at Wednesday 's oral arguments in the dispute . Westboro leaders openly admit they seek to shock and provoke with their message . "  WBC 's speech is in a format showing it is religious commentary , " said church members in their brief to the Supreme Court . "  WBC 's speech was public-issue speech , highly disliked , and needing protection . A massive public discussion is under way in this nation -- about the wars ; the soldiers ; their deaths ; and their funerals . Everyone is using the occasion of soldiers ' deaths to comment , about the policies of this nation . " Shirley Phelps-Roper , daughter of the church 's founder and a leader of the group , dismissed Snyder 's efforts to silence the church . "  I do n't care what they want to , " she said in a 2006 CNN interview . "  What they want to do is litigate our religious doctrine . Well , you do n't do that in America . " Free speech or harassment ? The Supreme Court has never addressed the specific issue of laws designed to protect the "  sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased . But the high court has recognized the state 's interest in protecting people from unwanted protests or communications while in their homes . In a larger context , the justices will be asked to address how far states and private entities such as cemeteries and churches can go to justify picket-free zones and the use of "  floating buffers " to silence or restrict the speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting . Various jurisdictions across the nation have responded to the protests with varying levels of control over the Westboro church protesters . In a separate appeal , the high court last year temporarily blocked Missouri 's effort to enforce a specific law aimed at the church . Phelps , his daughter Shirley Phelps-Roper and other church members had protested near the August 2005 funeral of an Army soldier in St. Joseph , Missouri . State lawmakers later passed the "  Spc. Edward Lee Myers Law , " criminalizing picketing "  in front or about " a funeral location or procession . That issue could reach the Supreme Court in the next year or two . Snyder 's attorney , Sean Summers , says there would be no constitutional quandary if the Phelps picketed the state capitol or in a public park . But he says this is different . "  When they protest outside a private funeral , they 're not trying to advocate for or against a particular position , " he told CNN . "  All they 're doing is harassing a family so they can hijack someone else 's private event . " The grieving father remains angry at the Phelps and said he is determined to continue the fight . "  They are using the First Amendment as a sword and a shield . My son and thousands like him did not put their lives on the line so that someone could abuse the Constitution like this , " he said . "  Men and women have died for this right and to have it abused and spit on -- it 's not free speech . This fight has never been about free speech to me , it 's about harassment . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	Westboro Baptist Church brings anti-gay message to soldiers ' funerals Father of a Marine who died a hero in Iraq sued ; the case is now before U.S. Supreme Court The church defends its "  highly disliked " speech as "  needing protection " One other lawsuit against the church could reach the high court next year
CNN  -- As Ramadan has drawn to a close -- and with it , mandatory daytime fasting -- Muslims can breathe a sigh of relief as their diets return to normal . Many , however , will be surprised to find their clothes a little snugger , and their health in a perilous state . Though the month-long season is associated with deprivation , overeating is common practice once the sun goes down . In many hospitals in the Gulf states of the Middle East , the holiday means a sharp rise in inpatients . "  We see a fair increase in digestive-related complaints , " admits Rabee Harb , a family doctor at Kuwait 's Royale Hayat Hospital , who has noticed an uptick in cases of indigestion , gastroenteritis and peptic ulcer disease . "  It 's a combination of overeating or binge eating , and reduced immunity due to dehydration and bad sleeping habits , " he says . Harb also points out the range of medical emergencies during the period that are less directly linked to food . Heat stress due to dehydration , particularly among construction workers , is a particular problem . There is also an increase in traffic accidents , which he attributes to fasting-related drowsiness . "  Fasting and poor sleep aid this . They lead to tiredness and a lack of concentration , " he says . Read more : Ramadan 's Super Bowl effect Fasting-related illnesses have become an increasing problem in Gulf countries . In 2011 , the Hamad Medical Corporation in Doha reported 7,700 cases in the first week of Ramadan alone . Dana Al Shakaa , a dietician at American Hospital in Dubai , acknowledges she treats an extra five to six patients a day during the holiday season . "  They do n't always know why they 're suffering , " she says of her patients . "  They come in with headaches , dizziness or nausea , and it will be from low blood sugar . " Al Shakaa also notes that many patients are diagnosed with diabetes during this time . "  There 's a surge in uncontrolled diabetes cases during Ramadan , " confirms Harb . Flare-ups are often aggravated by the fact that many with the disease forgo their medication during this time . "  There is significant non-compliance with medications due to disturbed eating and sleeping habits , " he admits . In recent years , the region has witnessed an increasing struggle with obesity and diabetes . Last month , a United Nations study rated many Gulf Cooperation Council countries as among the world 's fattest . According to Harb , it is only recently , with the advent of high-sugar , high-fat foods in the region , that the season has been met with health dangers . "  The Gulf 's diet was severely limited in the past . Sweets , sugar and fatty foods were in short supply and low demand , " he says . Nowadays , consumption of sugary drinks , like Vimto , has become a Ramadan tradition . "  A cultural shift to take-away food is easily noticeable in Kuwait , " he says . "  It is reflected in the long lines that form outside of restaurants like McDonald 's and Burger King , even very late at night . " Experts agree that fasting itself is n't the problem , so much as how it 's practiced . "  If you do it right , fasting can be very effective for weight loss , " says Alia Al Moayed , a nutritional therapist and health journalist in Bahrain . "  The problem is we do it wrong . " Al Moayed notes that after Ramadan , her client list also fattens up . "  I 'd say my business increases 25 % , " she says . "  In the West , Christmas is the time of year people gain weight . It 's the same with Ramadan , only it 's a month long . "	Thousands in the Gulf region are hospitalized due to fasting-related illnesses during Ramadan Dieticians see an increase in diabetes cases and weight-gain Fatty foods and sugary drinks , have made Ramadan and weight-inducing time .
CNN  -- Gear-grinding buses jamming up parking lots . Gawping packs of wide-eyed clods in sandals and floppy hats . Fanny packs . Amateur travelers hopping in and out of said buses , snapping photos while a peppy guide gushes over some run-of-the-mill attraction . "  This is the Fabric Museum . You have an hour here . Then lunch ! " Anyone who 's traveled past their front door has seen the benighted tour group and recoiled in revulsion . Is this any way to see the world ? Who travels this way ? More : Why "  travelers " think they 're better than "  tourists " -- and why they 're not There 's a tendency for many to disparage group tours , snicker over the doltish stereotypes and , in the process , feel like superior world citizens . But tours come in all shapes and sizes and , regardless of what you might consider "  real travel , " they play an important role in the travel world . They 're not all big bus tours filled with flag-waving tour guides . Many consist of small groups who stay longer than an hour in each place . It was a package tour through Costa Rica that gave me my love of travel and made me comfortable traveling alone . It helped make me what I am now -- a travel writer and occasional tour group leader . This year I began running small-group tours for readers of my budget travel blog in order to do for them what that tour to Costa Rica did for me . There are a number of reasons even seasoned travelers should n't be afraid of tours . 1 . Instant friends For people not comfortable meeting strangers on their own , tours provide an easy environment in which to make friends right away . Although most of us want to meet people on the road , many find it hard to strike up conversations . Tours help you make that leap . And even if you do n't , guides want everyone to have a great time -- they make sure travelers do n't sit around staring at each other like kids at a junior high school dance . More : World 's worst airports to sleep in ... and the best 2 . Tour guides create a more meaningful experience I 've had some amazing guides in my time . On a tour in Australia , our Aboriginal guide/driver suddenly braked , ran out of the car and called us over to look at a trail of ants that locals use for cold medicine . The ensuing conversation led to some ant eating -- I 'd have never done that on my own -- and a greater understanding of the local culture . 3 . Tours teach you how to travel Tour guides are old hands at travel . They can teach you to spot scams , illustrate the best ways to find food on the road and much more . The skills they impart will likely inform a traveler 's future trips . On a tour I led in Paris , I had to save one of my tour members from falling for a common local scam . We were outside the Louvre when he was asked to provide a signature and donate to "  charity , " an old ruse run by Paris con artists . He had his hand in his pocket just as I came up to him . I 'm sure he has n't made that mistake again . Guides make new travelers better travelers . More : More camels than koalas ... and 19 other Oz discoveries 4 . Tours ease fears Traveling alone can be a scary proposition , particularly when you have n't done it before or do n't speak a local language . A tour provides a support system that allows travelers -- even experienced ones -- to feel more comfortable taking a chance on new experiences . Tours are floaties for world travelers -- they allow you to dip your toes in the pool without the fear of getting in over your head . 5 . Tours get you places you ca n't get yourself While independent travel is great , many places in the world ca n't be accessed by solo travelers due to license and government restrictions . Many big destinations -- the Galapagos , Antarctica , African safaris -- need to be explored as part of organized trips . There are many exciting , once in a lifetime activities you wo n't be able to experience if you do n't take part in a licensed tour with a guide . More : "  Star Wars " attraction in Tunisian desert being consumed by sand 6 . Package tours can be cheaper While this may seem counter-intuitive since traveling alone allows you more flexibility , many tour companies are able to secure bulk rates and other deals . Small group operators can be cheaper for mid-range travel than if you were to price out the same trip for yourself . One diehard independent traveler I know wanted to visit the wild but scattered Solomon Islands . Lack of infrastructure and traditional tourist services meant going to all the obscure places he wanted to see -- including some historic World War II battlefields -- would have cost upward of $ 10,000 for charters and services . Instead , he spent $ 3,500 on a package tour , enjoyed every minute of it and remains in touch with several members of the tour , including a still-active World War II vet . What 's more , saving on the cost of excursions means you 'll have more money to splurge on a memorable dinner with your new friends or a ridiculous souvenir for your family . 7 . Tours provide safety When you 're on your own , you 're a more tempting target for thieves , scammers and criminals . By traveling with a group , you have safety in numbers and do n't have to venture into unknown places without a companion . Additionally , tour guides can advise you on what areas to avoid that you would n't otherwise have known about . More : Year 's 10 most stunning wildlife photos Do you take package tours ? Think they 're lame ? Share your opinions and experiences in the comments . Matthew Kepnes is the author of How to Travel the World on $ 50 a Day . His website is Nomadic Matt .	Tendency for many travelers to disparage group tours is misguided Tour guides can lead you to unique local experiences Package groups get access to restricted areas -- African safaris are an example Author learned to become an independent traveler through tour group travel
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  Searchers have located a majority of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 's fuselage in the Java Sea , the head of Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said Wednesday , raising the prospect that many bodies of the 162 people aboard the flight that crashed last month will soon be found . The confirmation follows major developments in the investigation of the disaster -- the recoveries earlier this week of the plane 's flight data and cockpit voice recorders . Searchers saw the plane 's main body , with one of its wings attached , via a camera carried by a remotely operated underwater vehicle , Indonesia search chief Bambang Soelistyo said . Key in identifying the debris are the words painted on the section . Pictures released by the search agency appear to show portions of the words "  now " and "  everyone . " AirAsia says the slogan "  Now everyone can fly " had been on the length of the plane , which crashed December 28 as it flew toward Singapore from the Indonesian city of Surabaya . Divers will search the fuselage for bodies Thursday , and if the divers encounter trouble , crews may lift the fuselage out of the water , Soelistyo said . Officials did n't mention the depth of the water . But officials have said other debris , such as the recorders -- which were found about a half mile from the fuselage on Monday and Tuesday -- were discovered at a depth of roughly 30 meters  100 feet  . At least 50 bodies have been recovered from the sea , Soelistyo said . Some were strapped into seats . Officials have said that many of the more than 100 remaining bodies might be found in or near the plane 's fuselage . The majority of the people on Flight QZ8501 were Indonesian . Citizens of Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea also were aboard . Soelistyo said the discovered portion of the fuselage is about 100 feet long . That would represent the majority of the Airbus A320-200 , which was about 120 feet long . Authorities do n't know why the plane crashed . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from radar . On Tuesday , divers retrieved the cockpit voice recorder , which is designed to retain all sounds on a plane 's flight deck . A day earlier , searchers recovered the plane 's other key information source , the flight data recorder , which stores a vast amount of information about the aircraft 's performance , including air speed and cabin pressure . Both devices are expected to help investigators understand what went wrong . The flight data recorder tells investigators what happened on a plane , but the cockpit voice recorder tells them why , said Mardjono Siswosuwarno , a senior official at Indonesia 's National Transportation Safety Committee , which is leading the investigation into the disaster . "  The ` why ' is mostly in there , " he said of the voice recorder , which captures conversations between pilots , as well as other sounds in the cockpit . The two flight recorders were taken to a lab in Jakarta , the Indonesian capital , for analysis . Investigators say they have successfully downloaded the contents of both devices . But Mardjono cautioned that interpreting the information requires much more time . After the download , investigators should have "  a pretty good idea within a couple of days " of what happened aboard the plane , Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation , said this week . The flight data recorder usually contains hundreds of parameters and thousands of data points , she said , that look a bit like an electrocardiogram when they 're printed . Mardjono said he expected a preliminary report to be released within a month of the crash . But it 's unclear how much information the initial document will contain beyond what 's already been made public . The final report containing investigators ' full conclusions will take months , Mardjono said . The agency 's final report into Adam Air Flight 574 -- which crashed in Indonesian waters on New Year 's Day 2007 , killing all 102 people on board -- came out more than a year after that disaster . Mardjono said the AirAsia plane 's flight data recorder was in good condition after being pulled out of the water from under the debris of a wing Monday . The recovery of the recorders took place after the plane 's tail was lifted from the waves Saturday . Observers have suggested that the locations of the different parts of debris indicate the plane broke apart when it hit the water , not when it was still at a high altitude . One Indonesian search official , who goes by the single name of Supriyadi , said that the debris patterns suggest the aircraft "  exploded " on impact . But the country 's transportation investigators said it was premature to say what had happened , and one expert questioned the search official 's choice of words . "  The word ` exploded ' I think maybe loses a little bit in translation , " said David Soucie , a former Federal Aviation Administration safety inspector . "  I think really what he 's meaning is a rupture from the impact itself . "  As with any hollow object hitting something very hard , the pressure differential between the outside and the inside is very significant , and it 'll actually tear apart the aircraft on the top , " Soucie said . "  That may be what he 's referring to . " CNN 's David Molko , Jethro Mullen , Elizabeth Joseph , Andrew Stevens , Mitra Mobasherat , Gary Tuchman , Brian Walker , Catherine E. Shoichet , Josh Levs and Deborah E. Bloom , and journalist Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	Fuselage found underwater , about a half mile from where data recorders were found , official says Officials have said many of the remaining bodies may be found in fuselage Plane went down in Java Sea on December 28 with 162 people aboard
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The fact-checkers have been out in force for months . With the presidential and vice presidential debates fully under way , and both parties claiming that their opponents are liars , websites and news shows are inundated with experts and reporters who inform voters about whether candidates are making claims that have little basis in fact . Like the card game "  B.S , " in which players call fellow players when they lie about what card has been put into the collective pile , the fact-checkers shout out to Americans when they find that politicians are injecting falsehood into the news cycle . But it is not clear what impact the fact checkers are having on the public at large or , nearly as important , on the politicians . They keep laying out the facts and the politicians keep stretching the truth . There is little evidence that the public is outraged by any of the revelations nor that it has any real influence on how the politicians conduct themselves , other than to provide more campaign fodder for attacks on their opponents . Complete coverage : CNN Fact Check What is going on ? Why does all the new access to data via the Internet and the cottage industry of fact-checking experts seem to have so little influence on the basic dynamics of the election ? Even with live bloggers tracking every word during the debate , the candidates are having no trouble stretching the truth or fabricating facts for their own purposes . At least thus far the polls do n't seem to be registering any significant effects when the candidates are called out for doing this . Why is n't there a penalty for lying ? One of the biggest challenges for fact-checkers is that they must work in a political culture that , since the 1970s has been deeply distrustful of government and politicians . Polls consistently show that trust in government has steadily fallen since Vietnam with just a few temporary upticks . The public does n't think much of politicians , nor do they ever expect them to tell the truth . We live with the ghosts of Watergate . So when fact-checking organizations try to point out when politicians are stretching the truth , giving them Pinocchio noses for having made claims that have little bearing in fact , the public just is n't surprised . In fact , these revelations just confirm the general impression that the public has of their leaders . As a result , the fact-checkers fade in the noise of the media frenzy over the campaign . Fact-checkers must also work within a media environment that has become more polarized and openly partisan in recent years . As the norms of objectivity have weakened in many news outlets and reporters become more vocal about their political views , Americans tend to rely on websites and television stations where they expect to hear news with the partisan slant that they prefer . It is harder to find news that is really fair and balanced ; the public assumes that everything they hear or read has an agenda . It is difficult for any source to break through this belief . Objective fact-checkers must also compete with openly partisan fact-checkers . The political parties and other political organizations have turned these operations to their own ends . They have released information attacking the veracity of their opponents , playing into an argument that has become important to their campaign . It 's hard for people to distinguish between partisan and real fact-checkers . Democrats have made a central theme of this campaign how Republicans are not telling the truth . "  Facts matter , " Biden said during the vice presidential debate . After Paul Ryan 's acceptance speech at the convention , Democrats released an onslaught of attacks going through his claims . We have seen this same dynamic after the debates as well . Republicans have responded in kind . White House clarifies Biden 's remarks on Libya The partisanship that shapes our politics has many costs . Congress has trouble making decisions , tensions among voters over certain issues are often severe , and the quality of our discourse often suffers . Perhaps one of the worst effects of partisanship , however , has been the fact that the truth is much harder to discern and , in many cases , voters do n't even expect it . The public lives in a world where it seems impossible to know what is fact and what is partisan fiction . Fact checkers , many of whom have legitimate and virtuous objectives to get Americans to really understand the choices before them , have trouble gaining much traction . When one of the players calls "  B.S. " during the political cycle , people might be listening , but it 's not clear that there are lasting consequences . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Fact checking has grown tremendously in this election He says the process is a good one , but is anyone paying attention to the results ? Zelizer says there seems to be no penalty for politicians who lie
CNN  -- Now that Mitt Romney has all but wrapped up the Republican nomination for president , the discussion has veered toward potential running mates . Who embodies the conservative credentials Romney is seen as lacking ? Who can deliver a battleground state that will put Romney over the top ? Who can generate the enthusiasm that will bring not only Republicans , but also independents , to the polls on Election Day ? Presidential candidates -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- have always considered factors like these . What is notable about this year 's early speculation , however , is the manner in which women have been incorporated into the conversation . We seem to have reached the point at which a woman is always included in a "  veepstakes " list . The Washington Post named nine men and Gov. Susana Martinez of New Mexico as its top 10 picks . The Fiscal Times included Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina as one of its top seven names . And Fox News offered nine men and two women as plausible running mates . A few days ago , on ABC , Jonathan Karl laid out several categories of contenders . His "  top tier " included Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Rob Portman of Ohio , along with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . Among the "  second tier " possibilities were New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , and Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels . And then there were "  the women . " In a category all to themselves , Karl placed Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , as well as three governors : Haley , Martinez and Mary Fallin of Oklahoma . Politics : Rubio backs Jeb Bush for VP Anyone can debate the pros and cons that each of these candidates would bring to the Republican ticket . What is not up for debate , however , is that Karl , and undoubtedly many others , consider certain potential candidates as women first and political professionals second . Before her election as governor in 2010 , Fallin served two terms in the House of Representatives and 12 years as lieutenant governor . Her executive experience , therefore , is not very different from that of Daniels . Before winning a gubernatorial election two years ago , Martinez served as district attorney  a position to which she was first elected in 1996  . Her political pedigree is similar to Christie 's ; he served as a federal prosecutor for six years before his election as governor in 2010 . Ayotte was New Hampshire 's attorney general when she was elected to the Senate last cycle . Rubio , who joined Ayotte as a member of the freshman class , had never before held statewide office , although he had served in the Florida legislature for 10 years . We do not mean to diminish the credentials of any of these men . In fact , that 's our point . All of these names are credible and viable vice-presidential candidates . Karl does n't say whether the women he lists are "  top tier , " "  second tier " or even "  wild cards "  another of his categories  . They 're just "  women . " Consumers of political news are denied a real analysis of these women 's place in the informal pecking order . Of course , Karl is not the first to evaluate politicians as women first and politicians second . As scholars of gender politics , we are long familiar with the tendency among the media and those who practice politics to refer to a "  woman governor " or "  women candidates . " We hear talk about the gender gap and the Republican Party 's "  woman problem " as if women are one large , undifferentiated group best identified by their sex . And we routinely see pundits , pollsters , and politicians refer to women running for office as "  outsiders "  even when they 're insiders  or "  out-of-the-box choices "  even when they 're quite conventional  . This is , of course , because women are still woefully underrepresented at every level of American government . As long as women remain an anomaly in politics , their sex will continue to cause them to stand out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Dolan and Jennifer L. Lawless .	Jennifer Lawless , Kathleen Dolan : Romney likely GOP pick ; focus now on finding VP They say nowadays women usually at least included in list of potential VP candidates They say ABC 's Karl made lists of potential candidates ; gave women a separate list Writers : Women still woefully underrepresented in electoral politics ; viewed as outsiders
CNN  -- The night before she was killed on the streets of Tehran , the woman the world would come to know simply as Neda had a dream . "  There was a war going on , " she told her mom the next morning , "  and I was in the front . " Neda 's mother had joined her in the street protests that erupted after Iran 's disputed June 12 presidential election . But on that fateful morning , she told her daughter she could n't go with her . As Neda prepared to leave , the mother was filled with anxiety . "  I told her to be very careful , and she said she would . " More than four months after Neda 's death , her mother , Hajar Rostami , described the pain her family has endured and how grateful they are to millions across the world who have hailed Neda as a martyr -- a symbol of freedom for Iran . She spoke with CNN by phone in her native Farsi from her home in Tehran a few days ago . "  As a message to everyone , I really want to thank the whole world , " she said . "  And I do n't really know how to thank them , so I ask of you : Please find the right words for me . "  I ca n't tell you how much it has warmed our hearts , how much it 's helped us . " There is a Farsi expression that describes a grieving person 's need to talk about the pain in her heart , to empty her soul . And that 's what this is : a mourning mother who for months has wept and cried -- and remained silent about her daughter 's killing , until now . "  This is a pain that will never heal , " she said in a gentle , hushed tone . Watch mom mourn the "  look in her eyes " ' I need not worry ' On June 20 , Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , headed to Tehran 's Nilofar Square , where thousands of protesters gathered . Clashes were particularly intense that day , with demonstrators and riot police squaring off . Neda , accompanied by her music teacher , called home with frequent updates . "  Mom , there are just too many clashes going on . There are a lot of police and forces around . " Tear gas was lobbed at the crowd . Neda headed to a medical clinic to get her eyes washed . "  My eyes are really burning hard , " she said . Twenty minutes later , Neda 's mom reached her again . "  She said she was on her way back home -- that I need not worry . " Neda told the same thing to her aunt and uncle , who also called to check up on her . Wearing blue jeans , a black shirt and white sneakers , Neda walked toward her car , parked on a side street not far from the heated protests . "  It did n't occur to her that anything was going to be different , " her mother said . Then , Neda was killed . A single bullet struck her chest . Recalling that day , her mother paused in the hourlong interview . The family , she said , has gone back to the scene and retraced Neda 's movements . "  She was only 26 steps from her car . " Those were 26 steps Neda never had a chance to take -- the difference between returning home to her family and becoming a symbol of a greater struggle inside Iran . ` She was absolutely beautiful ' While millions across the globe were transfixed by Neda 's death , captured on video , her family entered a traditional seven-day grieving period . Her parents ' house was too small to host everyone ; they gathered at Neda 's older sister 's home . The family , Neda 's mother said , was barred from holding a memorial service . "  I did see Neda when her body was being washed before burial , " she said . "  When her body was covered in the white shroud for burial , when they uncovered her face , I saw her . She was absolutely beautiful -- with a smile , a beautiful smile . Like an angel . " It was during the seven days of mourning , around the third or fourth day , that a relative told her about the video of Neda 's death , by then widely watched on the Internet . The mother did n't watch it that first week . "  But when I returned home , I did see the video , " she said . "  It was enormously painful . So painful that I 've never been able to watch it again all the way through to the end . "  It was the moment of seeing her give her life , the life leaving her body . That was very painful . The look in her eyes at that moment . I wake up with that look in her eyes every morning ; I go to bed with the image of that look in her eyes every evening . " She continued , "  I want to say that the moment that bothers me the most -- that bothers me terribly -- is the moment Neda got shot . That 's because Neda was an extremely brave person . Ever since she was a child , she was brave and fearless . So that moment when she got shot , I saw it in the video , she could n't believe it -- that she had taken a bullet . So much so that she takes a look at her body . And when she sees she 's been shot , she takes a few steps backwards and then falls . The only words she managed to utter was : ` Teacher , I 'm burning . ' And people said she passed within 44 seconds . " The mother visits Neda 's grave every Friday . She 's heartened that even now , throngs of people still greet her -- "  It 's as though she just passed away . " She carries with her a painting of her smiling daughter that she received as a gift . "  People go and write on her grave in red ink the word ` martyr , ' " she said , "  and then the authorities go and wipe it off . " Blog : Behind the scenes with Neda 's mom She said her daughter 's killer is still at large , but she 's confident the person will be found and tried in court . "  I am waiting for that day . " "  I saw Neda as a martyr from the start . Neda was a martyr for her homeland . " A ` caring ' debater Long before Neda became a household name , she was a "  very excited girl " who always had answers for everything . "  She was very well tempered and very friendly and very emotional and caring -- extremely emotional and caring , " her mother said . "  She was never the type of girl who would submit to force . " In their last face-to-face conversation , the mother and daughter debated the political climate inside Iran . "  We had a hearty debate and discussion , " her mother said . Neda 's favorite activity was aerobics . She also liked to sunbathe at a local swimming pool . Her final meal was her favorite dish : pan kabob . Neda was divorced , her mother said . After the divorce , Neda tried to get a job , but it was impossible . Every time she went for interviews or filled out an application , she felt people looked at her differently . "  So she decided she was going to stay home . " That home is now adorned with photographs of Neda . One of her last gifts to her mom was perfume , a birthday present she cherishes . "  On a daily basis , when I want to think of her , I ca n't tell you how hard it is . It 's too hard to be able to speak . " Neda , the middle of three children , shared her room with her younger brother . He played guitar and violin . Neda loved the piano , and wanted him to learn to play . Just days before she was killed , she picked out a piano for him . He has since purchased it . "  When he comes home from work every evening , " the mother said , "  he plays the piano and sings in Neda 's memory . And that 's what keeps us going every evening . " She hopes the people of Iran and the world will hear her story -- Neda 's story -- and never forget her daughter . "  I just want to thank you for remembering her . It 's that which stays with me , and it 's her eyes , the look in her eyes in those last moments that had a story to tell that I can never forget , " she said . "  Neda has made me enormously proud . " It is tradition in Iran to give away personal belongings of a loved one after they die . But Neda 's bed , her makeup stand , her photographs -- everything that was hers -- remains untouched . The reason : Neda appeared in her sister 's dream and told her not to part with anything . "  I am alive , " Neda said .	Neda 's mom speaks to CNN from Tehran , thanks world for rallying behind her daughter "  Neda was a martyr for her homeland , " she says She visits Neda 's grave every Friday , and throngs of people still greet her "  Neda has made me enormously proud "
CNN  -- The death toll from a shooting at a Nevada IHOP restaurant has risen to four , officials said early Wednesday morning . A gunman carrying a variant of an AK-47 rifle opened fire on uniformed Nevada National Guard members as they were having breakfast at the Carson City restaurant Tuesday morning . In all , 11 people were shot . Of them , one civilian was killed as were two National Guard members . Another National Guard member , who was taken to a hospital and underwent surgery , later died -- bringing the toll to four , said Carson City Sheriff Ken Furlong . The attacker also died of a self-inflicted wound after the shooting . The suspected gunman was identified as Eduardo Sencion , 32 , who lived in Carson City and worked at a family business in South Lake Tahoe , California , authorities said . Authorities said they had not determined a clear motive . "  To say that he was targeting before he came into the restaurant those military persons , we have not been able to establish , " Furlong said . "  Clearly , the fact that five of the 11 were military draws a concern by us . " Sencion had no previous criminal record on file but his family indicated he may have had mental health issues , Furlong told reporters . The shooting began shortly before 9 a.m. . When authorities arrived , those who called in the incident identified the shooting suspect as a man lying wounded in the parking lot between two vehicles . The suspect had continued firing in the parking lot after leaving the restaurant , Furlong said . The AK-47 was recovered as well as an empty 30-round gun magazine and two other gun magazines . A pistol and assault rifle were found in or near a vehicle , the sheriff said . Steven Martin , a witness , told CNN Reno affiliate KRNV that he ran to see if he could help after he heard the shots . "  There was blood everywhere ; broken glass everywhere . It was just a war zone down there , " he said . The shooting took place just a few miles from the Nevada National Guard state headquarters in Carson City .	In all , 11 people are shot Of them , three National Guard members and a civilian are killed Witness : "  It was just a war zone down there " The suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities say
CNN  -- On Wednesday the wrestling community and fans around the world mourned the passing of Ultimate Warrior , one of the biggest and brightest stars of the World Wrestling Federation  WWF  . Born James Hellwig , before legally changing his name to Warrior in 1993 , he is fondly remembered by many for his rivalries in the ring and for his trademark vivid face paint . He died aged 54 and is survived by his wife and two daughters . The cause of his death is not yet known . "  WWE is shocked and deeply saddened to learn of the passing of one of the most iconic World Wrestling Entertainment  WWE  superstars ever , The Ultimate Warrior , " read a statement fron WWE , the modern incarnation of the WWF . "  Warrior began his WWE career in 1987 and quickly went on to become one of the biggest stars in WWE history . Warrior became WWE Champion at WrestleMania VI , defeating Hulk Hogan in an epic encounter . " Gallery : Best sports images of the last seven days Ultimate Warrior 's death came just days after he had been inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame . On Monday he appeared in the WWE 's weekly Raw show . Tributes to the former WWF world champion poured in from throughout the wrestling world , including from his former rival Hulk Hogan . Triple H , real name Paul Michael Levesque , is one of the modern day WWE "  superstars " and he also mourned the death of Ultimate . During his appearance on Raw , Ultimate gave a poignant speech . "  No man becomes a legend on their own , " he told the arena . "  Every man 's heart one day beats its final beat . His lungs breathe their final breath . "  And if what that man did in his life makes the blood pulse through the body of others and makes them believe deeper in something that 's larger than life , then his essence , his spirit , will be immortalized by the storytellers -- by the loyalty , by the memory of those who honor him , and make the running the man did live forever . "	Former professional wrestler Ultimate Warrior dies aged 54 He was born James Hellwig , but changed his name to Warrior in 1993 The cause of his death is not yet known , he leaves a wife and two daughters Ultimate Warriors was a star of the World Wrestling Federation in the late 1980s and the 90s
CNN  -- More than 50 children have been abducted in Haiti since the beginning of the year , adding to a trend of kidnappings in countries affected by violence , according to a United Nations Children 's Fund report . Haitians demonstrate June 4 in Port-au-Prince against the kidnappings and acts of violence in Haiti . "  It is everyone 's duty to ensure children are safe from harm , and governments have a responsibility to enact and enforce measures that provide a protective environment for all children , " the agency said in a statement released Friday . In countries torn by war , like the Central African Republic , Democratic Republic of the Congo and Iraq , food shortages and poverty have added to the already hellish conditions children live in . The youngest in unstable countries have become primary targets for armed groups who see them as commodities , the agency said . In Haiti , UNICEF and local officials report that kidnapped children are being raped , tortured and murdered . The United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti has been working with the national police force to try to halt such crimes . They suspect that criminal gangs are responsible . The agency reports that as many as 2,000 children a year are trafficked to the Dominican Republic , often with their parents ' support . And about 1,000 children are working as spies , messengers or soldiers for armed gangs in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince . Earlier in the month , a demonstration was held in Haiti 's capital after a 16-year-old hostage was murdered and other hostages had been raped and lynched , including infants , UNICEF said . The agency urged officials to take action . "  There is no acceptable motive or rationale for these crimes , as there is no acceptable excuse that they should be allowed to continue with flagrant impunity , " UNICEF 's Haiti representative , Annamaria Laurini , said in a statement . The agency recently received reports that Iraqi children have been recruited by militia and insurgent groups . "  Girls are increasingly subject to murder , kidnapping and rape , or are being abducted and trafficked within or outside Iraq for sexual exploitation , " according to the report . In the Central African Republic , the agency reports that armed gangs terrorize farms and communities , kidnapping children and holding them for ransom . Souleimane Garga , in Paoua , recounts to UNICEF how bandits broke into his home nearly two years ago and kidnapped his wife , newborn baby and two other children -- Harouna and Beldo -- after killing older family members , including an uncle and a grandfather . "  It was two in the morning when they came . There were many of them , and they knocked down the doors , " Garga tells UNICEF in a video posted on the agency 's Web site . Garga was shot in the back during the attack , UNICEF said . "  They had Kalashnikovs , and the bullets came down like rain , " he said . For two years , now-5-year-old Harouna and his 7-year-old sister , Beldo , were held in bush camps because their father could n't afford to be in a position where he might have to pay a ransom . It had financially broken him when he paid to free his wife and newborn baby , UNICEF said . Garga tells UNICEF that the children lived in horrible conditions that included beatings . "  Harouna still wakes up at night ; he shouts and cries . " When someone mentions kidnapping , Beldo stops talking . "  Whenever she hears that word , she stops talking ; she tells us to ` keep quiet of such things ' and asks for peace , " her father said . "  We were afraid , but we kept thinking our father would come soon , " Harouna told the agency . " ` I 'm happy to come back home . ... Thanks , we 're free . ' " Although some children are returned to their homes , other kidnapped children may never return . They are instead used as muscle behind rebel militias in countries like the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The agency added that many children are also held in captivity and used as sexual slaves . In a July 2006 UNICEF report on child soldiers in the nation , the agency reported that "  as many as 30,000 children may be associated with armed forces or groups as fighters , sexual slaves and camp-followers . " Of those children , the report estimates , "  30 to 40 percent of children associated with armed forces are girls . "	UNICEF : Children are often victims of murder , kidnappings in war-torn nations Report says 2,000 children a year are trafficked to the Dominican Republic More than 50 kids in Haiti have been abducted since January In the Central African Republic , children are kidnapped and held for ransom
CNN  -- President Barack Obama says he is n't bluffing when he says Iran should n't have a nuclear weapon , but he cautions against an Israeli strike against the Islamic republic . "  At a time when there is not a lot of sympathy for Iran and its only real ally ,  Syria  is on the ropes , do we want a distraction in which suddenly Iran can portray itself as a victim ? " he said this week in an interview with the Atlantic . Obama , who is to meet Monday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , said a permanent solution is necessary . "  The only way historically that a country has ultimately decided not to get nuclear weapons without constant military intervention has been when they themselves take  nuclear weapons  off the table , " Obama said . "  That 's what happened in Libya , that 's what happened in South Africa . " Obama said Iran and Israel understand that he is n't bluffing about his opposition to an Iranian nuclear weapon . "  I think that the Israeli government recognizes that , as president of the United States , I do n't bluff , " he said . "  I also do n't , as a matter of sound policy , go around advertising exactly what our intentions are . But I think both the Iranian and the Israeli governments recognize that , when the United States says it is unacceptable for Iran to have a nuclear weapon , we mean what we say . " Iranian officials have insisted their nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes . But their statements have not persuaded Washington or Israel . Obama said he 's not going to take "  any option " off the table and will pressure Iran until it "  takes a different course . " He stressed the importance of political , diplomatic and economic sanctions against Iran . He said the West has a "  sanctions architecture that is far more effective than anybody anticipated " and tough sanctions "  put a world of hurt on them . " He also said that a transition to "  a peaceful and stable and representative Syrian government " from the pro-Iran Bashar al-Assad regime would be "  a profound loss for Iran . " "  Preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon is n't just in the interest of Israel , it is profoundly in the security interests of the United States , " he said . Obama said that Iran 's gain of a nuclear weapons would "  run completely contrary to my policies of nonproliferation . " "  The risks of an Iranian nuclear weapon falling into the hands of terrorist organizations are profound . It is almost certain that other players in the region would feel it necessary to get their own nuclear weapons , " Obama said . "  So now you have the prospect of a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region in the world , one that is rife with unstable governments and sectarian tensions . And it would also provide Iran the additional capability to sponsor and protect its proxies in carrying out terrorist attacks because they are less fearful of retaliation . " Netanyahu said three years ago that Iran was being led by a "  messianic apocalyptic cult . " Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has called the leadership "  rational . " The interviewer , Jeffrey Goldberg , asked where Obama fell "  on this continuum . " "  There is no doubt they are isolated , " the president said . "  They have a very ingrown political system . They are founded and fueled on hostility towards the United States , Israel and , to some degree , the West . And they have shown themselves willing to go outside international norms and international rules to achieve their objectives . All of this makes them dangerous . They 've also been willing to crush opposition in their own country in brutal and bloody ways . "  I think it 's entirely legitimate to say that this is a regime that does not share our world view or our values . I do think , and this is what General Dempsey was probably referring to , that as we look at how they operate and the decisions they 've made over the past three decades , that they care about the regime 's survival . They 're sensitive to the opinions of the people and they are troubled by the isolation that they 're experiencing . " Obama said Netanyahu has a "  profound responsibility to protect " Israelis , given the Holocaust and anti-Semitism . "  I think it 's important to recognize , though , that the prime minister is also head of a modern state that is mindful of the profound costs of any military action , and in our consultations with the Israeli government , I think they take those costs , and potential unintended consequences , very seriously , " Obama said . There have been reports of friction between Obama and Netanyahu . The president was asked if they are friends and talk about matters other than business . "  The prime minister and I come out of different political traditions . This is one of the few times in the history of U.S.-Israeli relations where you have a government from the right in Israel at the same time you have a center-left government in the United States , and so I think what happens then is that a lot of political interpretations of our relationship get projected onto this , " he said . Obama said he and Netanyahu "  can be very frank with each other , very blunt with each other , very honest with each other . " "  For the most part , when we have differences , they are tactical and not strategic . Our objectives are a secure United States , a secure Israel , peace , the capacity for our kids to grow up in safety and security and not have to worry about bombs going off , and being able to promote business and economic growth and commerce . " Obama has been criticized by some for not adequately supporting Israel 's security interests , but he said , "  we 've never had closer military and intelligence cooperation . " "  When you look at what I 've done with respect to security for Israel , from joint training and joint exercises that outstrip anything that 's been done in the past , to helping finance and construct the Iron Dome program to make sure that Israeli families are less vulnerable to missile strikes , to ensuring that Israel maintains its qualitative military edge , to fighting back against delegitimization of Israel , whether at the  U.N.  Human Rights Council , or in front of the U.N. General Assembly , or during the Goldstone Report , or after the flare-up involving the flotilla -- the truth of the matter is that the relationship has functioned very well , " Obama said . "  Flotilla " was a reference to Israel 's raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla that left nine people dead . The Goldstone Report was a controversial assessment of Israel 's Gaza offensive . Obama said "  there 's no good reason to doubt " him . "  Why is it that despite me never failing to support Israel on every single problem that they 've had over the last three years , that there are still questions about that ? "  Some of it has to do with the fact that in this country and in our media , this gets wrapped up with politics . And I do n't think that 's any secret . And if you have a set of political actors who want to see if they can drive a wedge , not between the United States and Israel , but between Barack Obama and a Jewish-American vote that has historically been very supportive of his candidacy , then it 's good to try to fan doubts and raise questions , " he said . Obama cited his "  full-throated defense of Israel " before the U.N. General Assembly as an example . "  Our goals are in sync . And historically , one of the reasons that the U.S.-Israeli relationship has survived so well and thrived is shared values , shared history , the links between our peoples . But it 's also been because it has been a profoundly bipartisan commitment to the state of Israel . And the flip side of it is that , in terms of Israeli politics , there 's been a view that , regardless of whether it 's a Democratic or Republican administration , the working assumption is : we 've got Israel 's back . And that 's something that I constantly try to reinforce and remind people of . " The president also countered those voices who say he is n't up to using military power to stop Iran . "  If people want to say about me that I have a profound preference for peace over war , that every time I order young men and women into a combat theater and then see the consequences on some of them , if they 're lucky enough to come back , that this weighs on me -- I make no apologies for that . Because anybody who is sitting in my chair who is n't mindful of the costs of war should n't be here , because it 's serious business . These are n't video games that we 're playing here . " But Obama said the record shows he 's willing to take military action when necessary , citing the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and actions against the Taliban . Drone strikes have been used regularly against militants along the Afghan-Pakistani border during Obama 's term . "  So aside from the usual politics , I do n't think this is an argument that has a lot of legs , " Obama said . For his part , Netanyahu said Friday that any long-term talks with Iran on the state of its nuclear program would likely go nowhere . "  It could pursue or exploit the talks as they 've done in the past to deceive and delay so that they can continue to advance their nuclear program and get to the nuclear finish line by running up the clock , " he said . The Israeli prime minister was in Canada ahead of his planned meeting next week with Obama . Netanyahu repeated that Israel reserves the right to defend itself against Iranian threats , leaving a unilateral , pre-emptive , military strike as a possibility . "  This is a very dangerous time , actually , " said Janice Stein , a Middle East analyst and director of the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto . "  Somebody can miscalculate . For example , should Iran , right after these parliamentary elections , think that an Israeli military strike is certain in the next few months , there is some incentive to go first . " CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is a dangerous time , actually , " says Middle East analyst The president is set to meet with Netanyahu "  It 's unacceptable for Iran to have a nuclear weapon , " Obama says The risk of an Iranian weapon falling into terrorist hands is "  profound , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- A Kansas church that attracted nationwide attention for its angry , anti-gay protests at the funerals of U.S. military members has won its appeal at the Supreme Court , an issue testing the competing constitutional rights of free speech and privacy . The justices , by an 8-1 vote , said Wednesday that members of Westboro Baptist Church had a right to promote what they call a broad-based message on public matters such as wars . The father of a fallen Marine had sued the small church , saying those protests amounted to targeted harassment and an intentional infliction of emotional distress . "  Speech is powerful . It can stir people to action , move them to tears of both joy and sorrow , and -- as it did here -- inflict great pain . On the facts before us , we can not react to that pain by punishing the speaker , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote for the majority . At issue was a delicate test between the privacy rights of grieving families and the free speech rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message . Several states have attempted to impose specific limits on when and where the church members can protest . The church , led by pastor Fred Phelps , believes God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country shouting at grieving families at funerals and displaying such signs as "  Thank God for dead soldiers , " "  God blew up the troops " and "  AIDS cures fags . " Westboro members had appeared outside the 2006 funeral for Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder in Westminster , Maryland , outside Baltimore . Snyder 's family sued the church in 2007 , alleging invasion of privacy , intentional infliction of emotional distress and civil conspiracy . A jury awarded the family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages , which were later reduced to $ 5 million . The church appealed the case in 2008 to a federal appeals court , which reversed the judgments a year later , siding with the church 's allegations that its First Amendment rights were violated . Albert Snyder , Matthew 's father , said his son was not gay and the protesters should not have been at the funeral . "  I was just shocked that any individual could do this to another human being , " Snyder told CNN last fall . "  I mean , it was inhuman . " In an afternoon news conference Wednesday , Snyder expressed surprise at the ruling . "  My first thought was that eight justices do n't have the common sense that God gave a goat , " he said . "  We found out today that we can no longer bury our dead in this county with dignity . " He added , "  What is this country coming to ? " Margie Phelps , a member of the Westboro clan and an attorney who argued the case before the high court , told CNN the ruling was "  10 times better than I had hoped for . " "  You ca n't use the subject that your feelings are hurt to trump public debate , " she said . If that were the case , "  where would we be ? " She promised that with this ruling in hand , Westboro Baptist would conduct more such pickets . Church members say their broader message is aimed at the unspecified actions of the military and those who serve in it . They believe U.S. soldiers deserve to die because they fight for a country that tolerates homosexuality . Roberts in his opinion noted the Snyder family was not a "  captive audience " to the protests that were conducted several hundred yards away . "  Westboro stayed well away from the memorial service , " wrote Roberts . "  Snyder could see no more than the tops of the signs when driving to the funeral . And there is no indication that the picketing itself in any way interfered with the funeral itself . " Based on that the court concluded Snyder could not collect damages from Westboro . But the chief justice showed little sympathy for the message Westboro promotes . "  Westboro believes that America is morally flawed ; many Americans might feel the same about Westboro . Westboro 's funeral picketing is certainly hurtful and its contribution to public discourse may be negligible , " he said . However , "  As a nation we have chosen a different course -- to protect even hurtful speech on public issues to ensure that we do not stifle public debate . " The ruling was a narrow one , dealing with the specific , unusual facts of this appeal . Such vocal protests at military funerals are almost entirely confined to this one small group . Roberts said on the free speech question , it was enough to rely on "  limited principles that sweep no more broadly than the appropriate context of the instant case . " Only Justice Samuel Alito dissented . He said the church 's "  outrageous conduct caused petitioner great injury , and the court now compounds that injury by depriving petitioner of a judgment that acknowledges the wrong he suffered , " he said . "  In order to have a society in which public issues can be openly and vigorously debated , it is not necessary to allow the brutalization of innocent victims like petitioner . " The Supreme Court has never addressed the specific issue of laws designed to protect the "  sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services , " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased . But the high court has recognized the state 's interest in protecting people from unwanted protests or communications while in their homes . The justices were being asked to address how far states and private entities like cemeteries and churches can go to justify picket-free zones and the use of "  floating buffers " to silence or restrict the speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting . A majority of states across the nation have responded to the protests with varying levels of control over the Westboro church protesters . In Wednesday 's case , 48 states and dozens of members of Congress filed an amicus brief in support of the Snyders . John Ellsworth , chairman of Military Families United , said the military protects the First Amendment rights that members of Westboro Baptist use to protest . "  Gold Star families deserve the respect of a grateful nation , not hate from a group who chooses to demonstrate during the funeral of their loved one , " he said . "  My family has been on the receiving end of their hate and I assure all Gold Star families , this group is an anomaly and your sacrifice does not go without notice . " Church members told the court they have a duty to protest and picket at certain events , including funerals , to promote their religious message : "  That God 's promise of love and heaven for those who obey him in this life is counterbalanced by God 's wrath and hell for those who do not obey him . " The congregation is made up mostly of Fred Phelps and his family . The pastor has 13 children , and at least 54 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . He described himself as an "  old-time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , "  You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . " Church members have participated in several hundred protests across the country . In 2009 , the high court blocked Missouri 's effort to enforce a specific law aimed at the Westboro church . Phelps , daughter Shirley Phelps-Roper and other church members had protested near the August 2005 funeral of a soldier in St. Joseph , Missouri . State lawmakers later passed the "  Spc. Edward Lee Myers Law , " criminalizing picketing "  in front of or about " a funeral location or procession . The case decided Wednesday is Snyder v. Phelps  09-751  .	NEW : The justices "  do n't have the common sense that God gave a goat , " the father says NEW : The ruling is "  10 times better than I had hoped for , " Westboro Baptist member says The father of a fallen Marine sued after church members protested at his son 's funeral The U.S. has chosen "  to protect even hurtful speech on public issues , " Roberts writes
CNN  -- The Olympic flame is about to start the longest journey in the history of the Winter Games after the torch was passed from Greece to Russia on Saturday . The Sochi 2014 Organizing Committee took possession at the official Lighting Ceremony in Athens ahead of its 123-day journey across Russia , which will encompass 65,000 kilometers until the competition begins in February . "  We are proud to receive the Olympic flame , an important symbol of the Olympic Games , " said Dmitry Chernyshenko , President of the Sochi 2014 Organizing Committee . "  The countdown to the Games starts here ! During this relay , the flame will visit over 3,000 towns and cities in across Russia . We want to ensure that all residents of Russia will feel involved in the Olympic celebrations and the unifying power of the flame . " As well as the conventional means of travel -- running -- Chernyshenko said the torchbearers will use Russian troikas , dog sleds , deer-drawn sleighs , snowmobiles , air-balloons , aircraft and trains , according to a report by the state-run Voice of Russia . It said the Olympic torch will be taken under water in Lake Baikal , and to the top of Europe 's highest peak , Mount Eblrus . It will also go to the North Pole on a nuclear-powered icebreaker and leave Earth to visit the International Space Station . The Sochi 2014 relay website said that 130 million Russians -- some 90 % of its population -- will have the chance to watch or participate directly in the relay , which begins in the Black Sea resort on Monday . Some 14,000 torchbearers will carry it through 2,900 settlements of 83 regions of the country , finishing in Sochi on February 7 . The flame was lit last Sunday in Greece , the birthplace of the ancient Games , and made its way through 33 towns before the ceremony in Athens . Greek figure skater Panagiotis Markouizos lit the torch cauldron and passed the flame to a Russian party led by Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Kozak . On Sunday it will travel to Moscow accompanied by six-time Olympic speed skating champion Lidiya Skoblikova . The biggest torch relay in the history of the Olympics is the 137,000 km trip around China for the 2008 Beijing Summer Games , which required 21,880 bearers .	Greece hands over the Olympic flame to Russia ahead of Sochi 2014 Winter Games The torch will begin an epic journey on Monday , even going into outer space It will cover 65,000 kilometers and be carried by 14,000 torchbearers Russia hopes 90 % of its population will in some way experience the relay
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania judge Friday struck down a law requiring voters in the state to show photo identification at the polls , saying the requirement imposed "  unreasonable burden " on voters and represented "  a legislative disconnect from reality . " State Judge Bernard McGinley 's ruling comes nearly two years after civil and voters ' rights groups challenged the law , which Gov. Tom Corbett signed in March 2012 , that never went into effect because of the court case . "  Voting laws are designed to assure a free and fair election ; the Voter ID Law does not further this goal , " McGinley said in his ruling . Joseph Cercaine , lead organizer of PA Voting Rights Coalition , called the ruling a victory for those who fought against what he called the hardships imposed by the requirements of Act 18 , as the law is called . "  The issue of voter ID has served to mobilize the electorate in PA about the issue of voting rights in general as well as the specific of the mandate of Act 18 . So it 's served a beneficial purpose in some ways but it really did threaten to put up barricades for many voters in PA that did n't have the required ID , " he said . Cercaine said the law would have "  cost a significant amount of money " for municipalities to implement , as well as for colleges and universities to change student IDs . "  This is a tremendous relief , " he said . Dale Ho , director of the American Civil Liberties Union Voting Rights Project , called the decision a "  huge victory for democracy . " "  We are glad that the hundreds of thousands of voters that would have been disenfranchised by this law are no longer going to be affected had it gone into effect , " he said . But David Almasi , executive director for the National Center for Public Policy Research , a Washington , D.C.-based group which backed the law , believes the issue will end up before the state 's highest court . "  We 've seen places that this has been enforced like Georgia where this has been enacted and practiced and there has been an increase in minority voting , " he said . "  This law has never been given the opportunity to be in place in Pennsylvania . We have never seen the terrible things that they say will happen . ... People are burdened by a lot of things -- to go on an airplane , to go into a government building . It 's something you need to have in the 21st century . People are signing up for Obamacare with IDs , why do n't we require them for something as simple as voting . " Pennsylvania was one of 31 states with some form of voter ID measure in place ; and one of only a handful to require it to be a photo ID . Supporters contend the law would prevent voter fraud . But the judge wrote that there was "  no evidence of the existence of in-person voter fraud in the state or that in-person voter fraud was likely to occur in the upcoming election . " "  Respondents also failed to establish a nexus between photo identification -- showing voters are who they say they are , and the integrity of elections -- when prior elections accepted a number of types of proof to verify identify , " McGinley wrote . "  The burdens the Voter ID Law entails are unnecessary and not narrowly tailored to serve a compelling governmental interest . And the record is rife with testimony from numerous Pennsylvania voters whose right to vote will be -- and indeed already has been -- denied or substantially and unnecessarily burdened by the Voter ID law . " The controversial law has languished in a legal limbo since Corbett , a Republican , signed it in March 2012 . Corbett 's office has not returned calls seeking comment .	Judge strikes down Pennsylvania 's voter ID law Judge says law places "  unreasonable burden " on voters Supporters argue law would prevent voter fraud Ruling cites "  no evidence of ... in-person voter fraud "
InStyle  -- The word itself -- housewife -- still seems almost shockingly retro . But it 's having something of a renaissance , thanks in no small part to Bravo 's now ubiquitous "  Real Housewives " series . So the time seems right to salute the small screen 's most fashionable female homemakers -- read on to see who made InStyle 's top 10 ! Donna Stone , "  The Donna Reed Show " From 1958-1966 , Donna Reed played the kind of coolly capable stay-at-home mother who 's really only seen on television : Always impeccably turned out -- the woman did housework in full-skirted shirtdresses and chic high heels -- she embodied a particular upper-middle-class ideal like no character before or since . See all 12 of the most stylish TV housewives of all time Laura Petrie , "  The Dick Van Dyke Show " Just 24 when she was cast in this 1961-1966 comedy , Mary Tyler Moore put a youthful spin on her traditional role ... and did her part to modernize the typical TV housewife 's wardrobe , as well . "  I had Laura wear pants , " she has explained of her famous cigarette-style slacks , "  because I said , ` Women do n't wear full-skirted dressed to vacuum in . ' " Lisa Douglas , "  Green Acres " Gorgeous , glamorous Eva Gabor played to type in this goofy 1965-1971 series , starring as a New York City  by way of Hungary  socialite forced to swap her palatial Park Avenue pad for a run-down old farmhouse . Even after relocating to rural Hooterville , though , she dressed the part of an uptown girl , donning pretty peignoirs and chic dresses to collect fresh-laid eggs and coax milk from cows . InStyle.com : The top 10 blondes in Hollywood Marge Simpson , "  The Simpsons " Certainly she 's got style . Since 1989 , Marge Simpson  voiced by actress Julie Kavner  has consistently rocked a signature look : her strapless green dress , paired with low-cut red kitten heels and a red beaded necklace , is timeless , and her bright blue beehive is almost literally inimitable , making Mrs. Homer one-of-a-kind . Vivian Banks , "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " Two different actresses played "  Aunt Viv " during this show 's 1990-1996 run , and both had their supporters . But Janet Hubert-Whitten  1990-1993  and Daphne Maxwell Reid  pictured above , 1993-1996  shared a wardrobe as restrainedly chic as you 'd expect from a hip professor turned Bel-Air mom . InStyle.com : 100 Best Dresses of the Decade Charlotte York Goldenblatt , "  Sex and the City " As the always-impeccable Charlotte -- who retired early from her gallery job after marrying Trey  Kyle MacLachlan  and then found lasting love and domesticity with Harry  Evan Handler  -- Kristen Davis wore classic Upper East Side favorites like Oscar de la Renta . Her look was slightly more adventurous in the 2008 and 2010 films than it was in the series ' initial 1998-2004 run  she donned vintage Halston and YSL during the girls ' trip to Abu Dhabi  but she 'll always be remembered for her mastery of the three Ps : Prim , Pretty , and Proper . Gabrielle Solis , "  Desperate Housewives " In this show 's seven seasons , Gabrielle  Eva Longoria  has been through a lot -- three marriages to two different men , several affairs , and two babies  one of which she later learned was switched at birth  . Despite the drama -- and having rebounded from a period during which she was forced to sell her designer clothes to keep the family afloat -- she 's still perfectly capable of looking  and dressing  like the fashion model she used to be . InStyle.com : Eva Longoria 's transformation Betty Draper , "  Mad Men " January Jones , the actress who has played Betty Draper  now Francis  since 2007 , has said that putting on her character 's early 1960 's garments is a key part of her process . "  I get into the girdle , the bra with the pointy cups , the stockings , the heels , the big dress ... and I 'm halfway there . " Ironically , the show 's retro full-skirted ensembles have had a profound effect on current fashion , which is perhaps part of the reason January has said she hopes the action does n't continue into the 1980 's . "  I do n't want to see Betty in Spandex . " Gloria Delgado-Pritchett , "  Modern Family " "  Latin women are very comfortable with their bodies and their sexuality . We are n't afraid to show that off a little bit more , " actress Sofia Vergara has said . If so , her character on this current series seems to share that outlook . Gloria , a stay-at-home mom , would n't be caught dead in frumpy sweats or mom jeans ; instead , she chooses slim pencil skirts and a series of colorful , cleavage-baring tops . InStyle.com : The top 10 brunets in Hollywood Kyle Richards , "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " She 's a little less flashy than her castmates  several of whom seem to have been lifted from the pages of a Judith Krantz novel  . Instead , former actress Kyle prefers to keep it semi-real , although she still likes a little glitter . "  I love the sparkles that are very much in style right now , " she has said . "  I tone it down with black pants and boots . I like to wear things that are feminine and sexy , but not too trendy . " See if your favorite stylish TV housewives made our list in our expanded gallery at InStyle.com ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Donna Reed played the coolly capable stay-at-home mom who 's only seen on TV Kristen Davis wore classic Upper East Side favorites like Oscar de la Renta Mary Tyler Moore modernized the typical TV housewife 's wardrobe
Cairo  CNN  -- Demonstrators clashed with police outside the Interior Ministry in Cairo on Sunday as anger mounts over a deadly stampede at a soccer match that killed dozens last week . Protesters outside the ministry threw rocks at police , who responded with tear gas . Fires erupted at a nearby shopping center while more than 200 women demonstrated outside parliament , chanting anti-military slogans and demanding control of the country be handed over to civilian power . Protests have rocked Egypt 's capital since a riot erupted at a soccer match in Port Said city Wednesday , killing more than 80 . Rival fans battled with rocks and chairs , with a crush of bodies suffocating as crowds attempted to flee and found their escape blocked by a locked steel gate , survivors said . After the riots , throngs of angry protesters rallied in the streets across Egypt , demanding that the military-led government make reforms and improve security . "  Egypt is facing a dangerous situation that is not simple to deal with , " Deputy Interior Minister Gen. Ahmed Gamal El Din said in a statement Sunday . More than 200 security forces have been injured as clashes broke out nationwide , he said . In Suez , some fired at police with machine guns , he said . Prisoners were at large after attacks on police stations . At least 40 protesters have been arrested nationwide . Every time "  we advance and things start settling , something happens , " he said . But some protesters argued that police were behind the violence , firing on protesters with gas and live ammunition to retaliate . "  They are spreading false slogans to kill the revolution , " said a statement from the Egyptian Revolutionary Alliance , a bloc of secular and democratic opposition groups . The alliance staged a protest outside the general prosecutor 's office Sunday , calling for his removal from the post and accusing of him of negligence in trials of former President Hosni Mubarak and his aides . Meanwhile , the co-founder of the April 6 Youth Movement who was a major participant in the protests to topple Hosni Mubarak was hospitalized Saturday with a skull fracture , according to a friend . Ahmed Maher was hit in the head with a heavy object while trying to negotiate an end to the latest protests outside the tax ministry , said Waleed Rashed , the co-founder of the youth group . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for his injury . CNN could not immediately confirm Rashed 's claim . The military-led government has said that the country is undergoing a "  sensitive and difficult time that is considered the most dangerous " and crucial to the nation 's history . "  The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has always reiterated to the military forces that peaceful protests are a right to all people to state their demands , " it said in a recent statement .	Official : "  Egypt is facing a dangerous situation that is not simple to deal with " More than 200 security forces injured in clashes , deputy minister says In Cairo , demonstrators throw rocks at police , who respond with tear gas A prominent anti-Mubarak protester is injured , associate says
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Former hostage Ingrid Betancourt hugged the children she had n't seen for six years Thursday , and marveled at how they 'd grown . Ingrid Betancourt , center , hugs her daughter Melanie and son Lorenzo in Bogota , Colombia , on Thursday . Betancourt , 46 , was reunited with her daughter , Melanie Delloye , and son , Lorenzo Delloye-Betancourt , a day after she and 14 others were rescued from leftist rebels in the jungles of Colombia . The three tearfully clung together on the steps of a plane that had just arrived from France at a Colombian airport , hugging and kissing each other fervently before disappearing inside the plane . Betancourt told reporters at the airport that her children looked "  beautiful " and she was proud of them . Watch Betancourt describe her joy at reunion " "  They look so different , but they look so much the same at the same time , " Betancourt said . "  I have so many dreams that I want to share with them . I have so many things that I want to say to them , " she said . Betancourt 's son , Lorenzo , said it was hard to describe his feelings when he found out his mother had been freed . "  I ca n't give it a name , " he said . "  It was too much happiness to know that after six years that I had not been able to see my mother , to know that I was going to be able to hold her , tell her that I love her . " Betancourt and both children called for action to free other hostages still held by the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as FARC for its initials in Spanish . "  We need to keep fighting so this moment -LSB- of reunion -RSB- will come for everyone , " Melanie said . The FARC , which has battled Colombia 's government and right-wing paramilitary groups for years , is believed to hold roughly 750 prisoners in the nation 's remote jungles . Background : A closer look at FARC " The children , now adults , were accompanied on the plane by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner . Kouchner called the reunion "  a magical moment . " "  The incredible force behind Betancourt 's family is going to serve to free other people in captivity , " he said . Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos said Betancourt will travel to Paris on Thursday night . Hours after the military operation that freed 15 hostages , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe urged peace by calling on FARC to release all hostages . The Colombian military infiltrated the group and deceived its members into giving up the hostages , including Betancourt , according to the country 's defense ministry . Uribe called the daring operation "  an unbelievable military achievement and an honor to humanity . " No shots were fired in the operation . The security forces who deceived the rebels "  are entering the page of the heroes of humanity , " Uribe said . Along with Betancourt , three American contractors and 11 Colombian police and military personnel were rescued . The Americans -- Keith Stansell , Marc Gonsalves and Thomas Howes -- arrived in the United States Wednesday night . The Colombians were with their families and friends in Bogota . Biographies : Who are the hostages ? " Betancourt was abducted February 23 , 2002 , after venturing into rebel territory in the south while campaigning for the Colombian presidency . Betancourt described later Thursday aspects of her captivity , saying that the hostages lived with death daily , both in the sense that the FARC members could kill them , and in the desire to cut short one 's captivity . "  The temptation of suicide ... was constant in all of us , " she said . She has called the rescue operation "  a miracle . " She recalled how her day began on Wednesday , waking up at 4:30 a.m. and saying the rosary before being told by her guards that she and the other hostages were to be transferred to another location , where their detention was to continue . "  My heart broke because I did not want another transfer , another time , in captivity , " she said . Watch Betancourt describe feeling guilty for being kidnapped " But her guard , a woman , was unmoved and ordered Betancourt to cross a river to the pickup spot -- "  very harsh , move , hurry up fast , as always , " she said . Soon , two white helicopters approached and several men approached the FARC commanders who were overseeing their transfer , she said . "  They spoke with Commander Enrique and Cesar , " she said of her captors . As she looked closer , she saw that the men from the helicopter were wearing shirts emblazoned with the likeness of Che Guevara , the Argentine hero of the Cuban revolution . "  I thought , this is FARC , " she said . Placed in handcuffs , Betancourt got into the helicopter , still unaware of what was happening . "  They closed the helicopter doors , the helicopter started flying and suddenly there was something happening , " she said . "  Suddenly I saw the commander who , during four years , had been at the head of our team , who so many times was so cruel and humiliated me , and I saw him on the floor naked with bound eyes . " It was only then that the reality of liberation hit home . "  The chief of operations said , ` We are the national army , and you are all free , ' and the helicopter almost fell because we started jumping , we screamed , we cried , we hugged . We could n't believe it . " Watch Betancourt describe her feelings during the rescue " Betancourt described the operation as "  a miracle " and "  a moment of pride " in Colombia . Betancourt added that she hopes that FARC commanders would not punish the guards who were fooled . It was not their fault , she said ; the operation was too perfect for them to detect the deceit . Asked if she still wants to be president , Betancourt said , "  If I continue with the dream to serve Colombia , yes , from the presidency , only God knows . At this moment , I just want to feel like another soldier , another soldier for Colombia , in the service of the fatherland . " It is estimated that FARC , which has fought a long and complicated conflict with the Colombian government and right-wing paramilitary groups , still holds more than 700 hostages . The organization defends its taking of captives as a legitimate act of war . The U.S. government considers the group a terrorist organization and refused to negotiate with it while publicly urging the group to release the three Americans also freed in Wednesday 's rescue operation . Eleven FARC leaders , including the two commanders taken in Wednesday 's operation -- Gerardo Antonio Aguilar Ramirez , known as "  Cesar , " and Alexander Farfan Suarez , known as "  Gafas " -- have been federally indicted in Washington on charges of supporting a foreign terrorist organization and hostage taking . The two commanders appeared at a news conference in Colombia later Thursday with Gen. Mario Montoya . Gafas appeared to have a black eye . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who brokered earlier this year the release of six FARC hostages , characterized on Thursday the FARC practice of hostage-taking as "  an intolerable behavior . " Although the leftist president had once called for diplomatic recognition of FARC as legitimate combatants , he has recently changed his stance , saying they should lay down their arms . A Colombian military strike earlier this year on a FARC camp inside Ecuador led to the seizure of computers that held a wealth of intelligence about the group , including alleged links between Chavez and the rebels . The Venezuelan president denies the accusation . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Ed Henry and Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	Betancourt , children call attention to hostages still held by Colombia rebels Betancourt to travel to France on Thursday night , official says Colombian President Alvaro Uribe calls rescue operation "  an honor to humanity " Colombian military infiltrated FARC leadership , defense minister says
CNN  "  This is where it all started , " says Rizal Tandjung , gazing out over a sandy shoreline lapped by dying breakers . Almost 40 years old , Tandjung is one of Bali 's surfing pioneers . Picking up his first board at the age of eight , he 's now a professional surfer , owner of multiple surf shops and president of a clothing company , Hurley Indonesia/Bali . We 're standing on Kuta Beach , a five kilometer stretch of white sand that 's one of the most popular tourist areas on the Indonesian island of Bali . Once a small fisherman 's village , today 's Kuta is anything but quiet . Large commercial airplanes cruising into Ngurah Rai International Airport fly over the heads of surfers . Beach loungers are scattered down the shore as far as the eye can see , fighting for space with the multiple surf schools catering to tourists with "  Endless Summer " dreams . Tandjung walks us over to a little hut on the beach where we meet Made Switra , a surf shop owner , painter and leisure surfer who also grew up in Kuta . "  He 's the one , the first generation , the first kid from the fisherman village to surf , " says Tandjung . Switra , tanned from all those hours in the water , sits with one leg propped up as he fiddles with his fishing pole . "  I started surfing from a fisherman boat . They had wood from a chair , so I started kind of boogie boarding with that and then found a few boards left from Westerners , " Switra says . Bali a late arrival to global surf scene Switra and Tandjung are part of the breakthrough generation of Indonesian surfers . Despite Bali being an obvious surf paradise , with its consistent waves and welcoming warm water , it was n't until the late 1960s and 70s that it made its way onto the global surfing map . Hawaii , Australia and California were the three big players . But with the 1971 documentary "  Morning of the Earth , " Bali finally got its recognition , as scenes of Uluwatu 's barreling waves caused surfers around the world to grip their wax in excitement . With that recognition , Indonesian surfers eventually moved into the sport -- but not before overcoming some cultural taboos . "  Indonesians believe that the ocean is very , very dangerous and the sea god is going to take you away , " explains Tandjung . Many kids of his generation grew up not knowing how to swim , he says . Even today , some fisherman still ca n't . Tandjung and Switra were viewed as rebels when they began surfing , ignoring their family 's objections and defying any fear , he says . Today , that societal unease is slipping away and fishermen see surfing as a business opportunity . Using their boats to take surfers out to further breaks inaccessible from the shore -- such as a popular set of reef waves near Kuta 's airport runway -- has led families to accept that surfing can pay the bills . Jason Childs , a surf photographer based in Bali , has seen the evolution of surfing culture here . "  Life 's too good and they know it , " he says . "  They surf with the best surfers on the best waves on a daily basis . " Though Indonesian surfers have been gracing the pages of international surf magazines for about a decade , Childs believes it takes a certain fire in their bellies to get out of their comfort zone and to the next level . Childs ca n't recall the first time he photographed Tandjung , but believes it must have been when he was about 16 years old . He points out that Tandjung is not Balinese but Chinese Indonesian , so it 's been even harder for him to be accepted into the local surf scene here . "  It 's made him have to work harder . " And it 's paid off , with Tandjung paving the way for future surfers . Will a Balinese surfer ever top the podium ? Nowadays , hardcore surfers head for Padang Padang in Bali 's southern Uluwatu area . Filled with high-speed waves , it has some of the best -- and most dangerous -- surf in Bali . Just to the left of the rock enclosed beach are those world-famous barrels . Tandjung has taken us here for a practice session leading up to the big annual Rip Curl tournament , which he 's been chasing every year since its inception in 2004 . In tow is Tandjung 's son , Varun , a name which means "  god of the sea . " Varun and his friends beg to go out and try the big barrels . The boy finally gets his wish and paddles out side by side with Tandjung , even getting to catch a few waves in between world-renowned pros like Bethany Hamilton . Childs figures this new generation of Balinese surfers -- boys and girls -- is the best yet to come out of Bali , but it still could be another 20 to 30 years before a Balinese tops the surfing world . But they 'll find their way there with style and grace , he says . "  It 's not very often you see an ugly Balinese surfer , " says Childs . "  If you could build a surfer , the Balinese are close to perfect . They can jump to their feet effortlessly . They 're beautiful to watch . " MORE 11 of the world 's most unusual surf spots	Bali 's popularity among surfers grew with 1970s release of "  Morning of the Earth " documentary Pro surfer Rizal Tandjung was one of the first locals to defy cultural norms and take up the sport Surf photographer Jason Childs says Indonesian surfers need to take things to the next level if they want to top the podium
CNN  -- They think it 's all over ... it is now . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II 's filly Estimate came tantalizing close to defending her Gold Cup title at Ascot only to be edged out by a neck by a fast-finishing Leading Light in one of the most thrilling finishes in Gold Cup history . A superb ride by Joseph O'Brien on Leading Light ensured that Estimate 's jockey , Ryan Moore , did not have things all his own way as they rounded the final bend . The two-and-half mile race came down to a sprint finish between Leading Light , Estimate , and Irish raider Missunited , who clung on to finish third , having made all the running . Also bidding to spoil to the royal party was Brown Panther , owned by former England footballer Michael Owen . He held on gamely to finish fourth . It 's not often you see two national treasures go head-to-head at Royal Ascot , but Owen himself is popular figure in the paddock these days , having enjoyed a successful second career as an owner and breeder . Day three of Ascot is also Ladies ' Day , which is always guaranteed to provide a glittering array of frocks and hats . The Queen herself , who was wearing blue , was gracious in defeat , presenting the trophy to the winning owners . "  It was tremendous and the Queen got such pleasure out of it. , " said John Warren , her racing manager , of Estimate 's performance . "  To see her put in such a brave effort like that was tremendous . It was a career best . She ran as good as you could ever hope . " Estimate 's trainer Sir Michael Stoute added : "  It was a great run and I 'm very proud of her . " Missunited 's trainer Michael Winters was also pleased with his runner : "  She 's run her heart out and jockey Jim Crowley has given her a peach of a ride , " he told reporters . "  There was a moment down the back straight when I thought she might have given them the slip but it was a super run and a great ride . " Leading Light 's victory made it a double on the day for the O'Brien camp , as the trainer and his son had earlier opened their account with Bracelet in the Ribblesdale Stakes . Unusually , the 10/1 shot was the pair 's first winner of the week . "  We 're delighted to get a winner , " conceded her trainer . "  She 's traveled and quickened well off a nice even pace , " added her jockey . Earlier in the day , Baitha Alga struck in the Norfolk Stakes to give Frankie Dettori his 49th winner at the Royal Meeting . "  I 'm nearly there , " exclaimed Dettori of his looming half century . "  It was a great performance . He 's hard as nails and uncomplicated - everything you want in a two-year-old . "  I just had to do the right thing , get into the race and use his turn of foot , " added Dettori , who celebrated the win with his trademark flying dismount . There was another milestone for Stoute as victory for Cannock Chase in the Tercentenary Stakes gave the trainer his 70th Royal Ascot victory , making him the most successful living trainer at the meeting .	Leading Light wins thrilling Gold Cup Queen Elizabeth II 's filly Estimate comes close to defending Gold Cup title Day three of Ascot is also Ladies ' Day
CNN  -- The release of the first half of more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners in exchange for Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit elicited waves of joy Tuesday from relatives of the prisoners . In Israel , where the soldier 's homecoming was greeted with celebration , the deal enjoys widespread support . But many Israelis are asking why so many prisoners , many with violent pasts , should be freed . One minister who voted against the agreement called it "  a great victory for terrorism , " and there are fears among Israelis that the release of convicted murderers will lead to further attacks on Israeli civilians . So who are the most controversial prisoners being freed ? Yihia Al-Sinwar : Was serving four life sentences for his role in the kidnapping and murder of Sgt. Nachshon Wachsman in 1994 . Al-Sinwar 's brother Mohammed was reportedly involved in the kidnapping of Gilad Shalit , and was a founding member of Hamas 's military structure in Gaza . Muhammad al-Sharatha : Was serving three life sentences for his involvement in the abduction and killing of two Israeli soldiers , Sgt. Avi Sasportas and Cpl. Ilan Saadon . The Israeli Foreign Ministry said Sasportas was kidnapped on Feb. 16 , 1989 and shot dead . His body was found in May 1989 . Saadon was abducted on May 3 , 1989 , his body was discovered in 1996 . Both cases were also associated with senior Hamas militant Mahmoud al-Mabhouh assassinated in Dubai in May last year . Ahlam Tamimi : Was serving life terms for being an accomplice in the 2001 bombing of the Sbarro pizzeria restaurant , killing 15 Israelis . Amneh Muna : Plotted the killing of a 16-year-old Israeli boy Ofir Rahum in 2001 by luring him into the West Bank over the internet , was serving life in prison . Nasser Yataima : Was convicted of planning the 2002 Passover Seder suicide-bomb attack on the Park Hotel in Netanya , killing 30 civilians and wounding 140 . Husam Badran : Reported to be involved in the planning of the 2001 bombing of a Tel Aviv nightclub in which 21 youths were murdered , the Park Hotel bombing , and the 2002 bombing of a restaurant in Haifa , in which 14 civilians lost their lives . The most notable name not on the list is that of jailed Palestinian lawmaker Marwan Barghouti , who is serving five life sentences for murder and other charges related to his role in planning attacks on Israelis during the second Intifada . He had been considered by many Palestinians the most important prisoner who might have been released in exchange for Shalit .	Release of Palestinian prisoners in swap for Israeli soldier elicits joy from relatives Many Israelis ask so many prisoners , many with violent pasts , should be freed Some of them are convicted murderers , or plotted terror attacks against Israel
CNN  -- Thirty Haitian migrants were dead and dozens of others were rescued after their overloaded sail freighter grounded and capsized off Staniel Cay , Bahamas , the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday . Photos and video released by the Coast Guard showed numerous people crammed onto the parts of the boat that still were above water , with others in the Atlantic Ocean and clinging to the sides . About 110 people were rescued , the Coast Guard said . The 40-foot boat turned over Monday night about 15 nautical miles southwest of Staniel Cay , spilling its occupants into the ocean , the Coast Guard said . The Royal Bahamas Defence Force worked with the U.S. Coast Guard to rescue the survivors . Coast Guard air crews dropped food , supplies and rafts to the boat 's passengers while 13 lifting survivors from the water and the boat , the service said . As of late Tuesday morning , all of the survivors had been taken to the Bahamas for medical treatment , Coast Guard spokesman Mark Barney said . The boat probably will be towed to the Bahamas , Barney said . Vessel capsizes off Miami ; 4 dead , 11 rescued Migrants appear undeterred , even after deadly shipwrecks Report : 12 dead , 116 rescued after boat capsizes off Egypt	Vessel capsizes in Bahamas ; 30 reported dead U.S. Coast Guard joins rescue effort and drops food , rafts
CNN  -- The United States ' National Transportation Safety Board said it is sending a team to help the government of Saudi Arabia investigate the crash of a Lufthansa cargo plane in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , on Tuesday . NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman is sending a senior air safety investigator , flight operations specialists , an aircraft systems specialist and technical advisers from the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing , according to an NTSB statement . Lufthansa Cargo said the MD-11 plane was traveling from Frankfurt , Germany , when it crashed at 11:38 a.m.  4:38 a.m. ET  . Lufthansa said a team of experts from the company was on its way to Riyadh . The plane crashed while landing at King Khalid International Airport , the official Saudi Press Agency of Saudi Arabia reported . A company statement said the plane caught fire and was extensively damaged , but the blaze was extinguished . The craft had been carrying 80 tons of cargo . Lufthansa said both pilots -- who evacuated the aircraft down the emergency slide -- were injured . They were contacted by phone and were being treated in a hospital . It was not clear what freight was on the aircraft and whether customers were affected .	NEW : The cargo plane crashed while landing at Riyadh airport The NTSB is sending a team to help investigate The plane was headed to Riyadh from Frankfurt , Germany Two pilots were injured and were being treated at a hospital
CNN  -- He has sculpted a new career , much to the relief of his body . Where once it was concussions and broken bones Philip Blacker had to contend with , now the former British jockey works with clay molds and bronze casts . To the casual racegoer , the 64-year-old sculptor 's work will already be well known -- his trademark life-size models of celebrated racehorses are dotted around racecourses , stables and the homes of wealthy horse owners across England and the world.Â "  Racing was my first love , " he says of a 13-year-old riding career , which included 340 winners and in which he came close to winning the prestigious Grand National . Now he is consumed by a love of art . His latest exhibition is a series of bronze friezes , which also feature a number of horses , though with a more somber theme in bearing witness to World War I 's 100th anniversary . Entitled "  Farewell , Leicester Square " the friezes capture the horrors of that conflict in graphic detail . Before discovering a gift for sculpture , Blacker initially struggled to adjust to life out of the saddle , missing the adrenalin fix the sport had given him . "  You name it , I tried it -- all sorts of dangerous things , " recalls Blacker , "  jumping out of an airplane , riding motorcycles very fast , that sort of thing . "  It was about five years of trying to seek a substitute but it wore off . " So the former art student , who realized an aptitude for sculpting during the latter part of his jockey career , began to pursue the discipline more seriously after finally hanging up his silks . "  The sculpture is exciting in a similar way -- it 's like itching for a ride , the way you want to get into a studio if a piece of work is going well , " he explains . "  When you 're into a work it 's mesmerizing . It 's your total focus -- that 's the same for a four-minute horse race to sculpture being a slow-motion version . " Blacker 's first big work was a life-sized version of three-time National winner Red Rum in 1988 which still takes pride of place at Aintree Racecourse . He has also sculpted Desert Orchid , the famous gray steeplechaser , for Kempton Park Racecourse , as well as former Kentucky Derby winner Northern Dancer for Woodbine in Canada . Red Rum was a horse which in some ways defines Blacker 's two lives . In 1973 , Blacker finished fourth on Spanish Steps as Red Rum won the National for the first time , while four years later he rode Happy Ranger to seventh in 1977 as the heralded bay gelding sealed a third victory over the Aintree fences . Red Rum became something of a sporting celebrity in the British psyche , not falling in 100 races , and his third win is regarded as one of the greatest moments in British sporting history . An event often referred to as the "  the ultimate test of a horse 's courage " and the richest jump race in Europe with a prize fund of Â # 1 million  $ 1.6 million  -- the Grand National is tinged with frustration for Blacker . He believes he could and should have won the race in 1982 on board favorite Royal Mail . But the day before , against the advice of his trainer , he went to ride at Ludlow , only to fall at the last fence of the final race of the day . It ended with him being taken to hospital with a broken shoulder and , in his absence the next day , Royal Mail fell at Becher 's Brook . "  That horse needed a rider that knew him and on that day he did n't , so I really saw that as my one big chance to win the race , " says Blacker , who placed in the top four on three occasions at Aintree . "  But stupidly I threw it away . It 's one of the biggest regrets of my life . " The National is a race he loved , one he rode well and one where he embraced the potential perils , falling to the turf for four of his nine rides in the race . "  I had too much fun , " says Blacker as he looks back on his career . "  When I look at a jockey like Tony McCoy -- notorious for his relentless pursuit for riding perfection -- perhaps I was n't as dedicated as I might have been . There were missed opportunities , I could have done better . " Instead with Red Rum and his other equine creations , Blacker has become the McCoy of equine sculpture , successfully allowing his initial passion to still live on through his art work . Each one is created initially from a 1/16th-size model made of wire with clay molded around it before ironing out any issues . That then becomes a life-size model , with about three-quarters of a ton of clay used before the foundry comes in to take molds and the cast before the final creation is set in bronze . Blacker 's latest show is perhaps a nod to his father , Cecil Blacker , a former general in the British Army , who also passed on his equine passion as a show jumper and steeplechaser to his son . His son , however , was unaware of his father 's military exploits until reading his 1993 autobiography . Blacker Sr. was the recipient of the Military Cross , one of only 50,000 ever awarded , in his case for his role in the three-day Operation Goodwood against Nazi forces in Normandy in 1944 . He was later General Officer Commanding-in-Chief in Northern Ireland just before the start of "  The Troubles " -- bloody conflict between Irish republicans and the British government that began in the late 1960s until the Good Friday Agreement in 1998 . In 1974 , Blacker 's father 's home was badly damaged by an IRA bomb . "  I read about that but honestly I ca n't remember anything about it at the time , " admits his son . "  It 's bad but I was so busy trying to ride winners that I do n't think I paid too much interest . "  He kept that sort of thing quiet . Of course , I realized he might be a target as a high-ranking officer but , really , that incident passed me by . " Blacker 's military friezes are made in bronze with a patina  or thin layer of chemical on top  which is blow-torched , thereby causing a reaction that changes the color of the metal , producing haunting images . Further inspiration was derived by an earlier commission from former jockey and now journalist Brough Scott to depict Warrior , a famous military horse . Scott had once tried to persuade Blacker to give up riding after yet another crash , and move into art full-time . "  He did n't listen , carried on and finished third in the 1981 Grand National , " recalls Scott . "  In fact , that year the top three jockeys I 'd advised all of them to pack it in . What do I know , hey ? " Scott argues his good friend was perhaps initially overshadowed by Sir Cecil , who was knighted in 1969 . "  It was difficult as his father was this amazing overachiever -- he had a picture in the Royal Academy , an article in the Spectator and rode a winner at Sandown all in the same week , " Scott says . "  So initially I think Philip went the other way , a bit of an underachiever . But actually he 's rather extraordinary -- he became a thoroughly good jockey and then the sculpting . He kept that to himself initially and his latest exhibition is wonderful , really quite daring . "  I remember his son getting into music so he decided to take up the saxophone and taught himself . Now he 's very accomplished . " Blacker 's artistic pathway has not been without its troubles -- his studio has twice suffered from nearby fires . In the first , his work was untouched , but in the second molds which had taken weeks to create make were ruined . Recently relocated to Wiltshire in the southwest of England , such fires are hopefully a thing of the past but when most are ready for retirement , Blacker , having gone from Grand National to grand designs , has no plans to call it quits . "  I 'm a workaholic so I ca n't , " he says , driven by making his next piece of art better than the last . Casting his mind three decades back , retirement from riding was something a relief , the pressure of having to make racing weight of 64 kilograms no longer a requirement , nor having to contend with a litany of injuries : four broken wrists , a fractured femur and all manner of concussions . Becher 's Brook -- that famous Grand National fence -- is no longer the driving force , more Flanders Fields . "  Farewell , Leicester Square " is on show at London 's Thompson Gallery from November 6-15 .	Philip Blacker rode horses for over a decade , now he sculpts them in life-size models He came close to winning the Grand National in his 13-year riding career Now 64 , his latest exhibition of friezes remembers events of World War One It is part-inspired by his military father , whose home was once blown up by the IRA
CNN  -- Former Penn State University assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky denied Wednesday two new allegations of child abuse that authorities are investigating , his attorney said . "  Jerry has adamantly denied the allegations , " said attorney Joseph Amendola , adding that the accusations appear to be part of "  a very nasty divorce and custody battle . " The investigations were opened by Children and Youth Services in Pennsylvania , sources close to the investigation said Tuesday . In Pennsylvania , cases of alleged child abuse reported by an alleged victim who is an adult are strictly police matters , even if the alleged offenses occurred when that person was a child . Children and Youth Services participates in the investigation only if the alleged victim is still under 18 . Said Amendola : "  I know at least one Children 's Youth Services investigation has been opened up by Centre County CYS regarding Jerry 's alleged abuse of one of his  family members  . We do n't know for sure . The allegations are ridiculous and unfounded . "  Jerry has absolutely denied any inappropriate contact with his  family members  . It 's important to keep in mind these allegations were made after the attorney general filed charges against Jerry even though the alleged incident  s  took place before the AG 's charges were filed , " Amendola told CNN . Attorney : Evidence will prove Sandusky 's innocence The attorney said he and Sandusky have n't been told of the nature of the alleged abuse by the attorney general or the family member who made the allegations . "  Even if you buy into the attorney general 's allegations against Jerry -- which we vehemently dispute and which we intend to vigorously defend against -- these new allegations do n't fit the profile presented by the AG . These new allegations appear to be the result of a very nasty divorce and custody battle , " Amendola said . If the allegations are found to be credible , they would be the first known cases involving current minors to become public since Sandusky 's arrest . All the other publicly known cases have involved alleged victims who are now adults . The new cases were reported less than 60 days ago , according to sources close to the investigation . Sandusky was arrested on November 5 after the release of a grand jury report detailing crimes that he is accused of committing between 1994 and 2009 . He is free on $ 100,000 bail , and he has denied the allegations . Based on the grand jury report , Pennsylvania 's attorney general has charged Sandusky with 40 counts in what authorities allege was the sexual abuse of eight boys . In addition , Penn State Athletic Director Tim Curley and Gary Schultz , a university vice president , resigned their posts after being charged with failing to inform police of the allegations . Head football coach Joe Paterno and President Graham Spanier also lost their jobs in the wake of the report , when questions were raised about the university 's response . According to grand jury documents , a graduate assistant told Paterno in 2002 that he had seen Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in a football complex shower . Paterno informed Curley , who told Schultz , according to the grand jury report . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Two new accusations of child abuse stem from "  a very nasty " divorce , lawyer says Jerry Sandusky denies inappropriate contact with relatives , attorney says Sources : Two new cases were reported to authorities less than 60 days ago The alleged victims are currently under 18 , the sources say
CNN  -- Singer Wayne Mills , whose "  outlaw country " songs center on honky-tonk life , died in a Nashville bar shooting Saturday , police said . Chris Ferrell , owner of Nashville 's Pit and Barrel bar , told police he shot Mills , 44 , in self-defense , according to a Nashville police statement . "  Wayne Mills by definition is one that is a stiff-necked , country troubadour with an affinity for honky-tonks and possessing a style of rustic simplicity , " his official website said . He 's an "  average country boy steeped in the Southern vernacular of God , guns and football , " his official biography reads . Investigators say Mills and Ferrell , 44 , were in the closed bar with "  a few friends and acquaintances " when the two men -- who were friends -- "  began to argue and the others left . " Police are investigating Ferrell 's claim that the shooting was justified by self-defense . Mills , who leads the Wayne Mills Band , died at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville hours after the shooting , according to band manager J.R. Smith Smith told CNN that Mills suffered a bullet wound to his head . "  I hope justice is served , " Smith said . Mills grew up in the north Alabama town of Arab , Smith said . He played baseball at Wallace State Junior College and football at the University of Alabama , where he earned an education degree , before becoming a professional musician . Mills had been working on his seventh album , "  Long Hard Road , " and touring small Southern venues . His next gig had been scheduled for Saturday night at Granddaddy 's Lounge in Ramer , Alabama . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Pit and Barrel bar owner Chris Farrell tells police he shot Mills in self-defense Police are investigating Ferrell 's claim that the shooting was justified Mills is "  a stiff-necked , country troubadour with an affinity for honky-tonks , " his website says He 's "  steeped in the Southern vernacular of God , guns and football , " his website says
