CNN  -- Days after a coup plunged the Central African Republic into chaos , looters roamed the streets of the capital , robbing hospitals and preventing fearful residents from seeking treatment . A coalition of rebels ousted President Francois Bozize this week , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence from France in 1960 . After the deposed president fled the nation , a rebel leader declared himself in charge and urged residents to welcome the new leadership . But as the political turmoil rages , aid agencies are warning of a humanitarian crisis as attacks escalate . Violence , looters and fear of the rebels are preventing critically injured patients from going to health facilities in the capital of Bangui , said French medical aid group , Medecins Sans Frontieres . The aid group -- also known as Doctors Without Borders -- said its facilities were raided . "  MSF condemns the looting and robberies of our facilities and reminds all parties that medical personnel must be respected and protected and must be granted all available help in the performance of their duties , " said Serge St. Louis , MSF head of mission in Bangui . The United Nations , which also said its offices were looted , urged safe and unhindered humanitarian access to victims of violence . About 1.5 million people need assistance , and the number will go up unless aid workers are allowed unlimited access , the United Nations said Tuesday . What 's behind the turmoil in the Central African Republic The most vulnerable are children , who have been separated from relatives and are at risk of being recruited as soldiers , it said . "  Those responsible for violations and abuses of international humanitarian and human rights law , including violence against civilians , sexual and gender-based violence , and recruitment and use of children must be held accountable , " the U. N. Security Council said in a statement . The nation of 5.1 million has a history of political chaos . In March 2003 , Bozize led a coup that deposed his predecessor -- then-President Ange-Felix Patasse . Though Bozize won elections in 2005 and 2011 , he did not have full control of the nation . Rebel groups have operated for years , especially in rural areas . Last year , several rebel groups came under the umbrella name of Seleka started seizing parts of the country . Seleka is a coalition of ragtag fighters , whose popularity was boosted by the discontent against the deposed president . They accused Bozize of reneging on a peace deal , and demanded that he step down . In January , both warring sides brokered a peace deal that included a cease-fire and an agreement to form a unity government led by Bozize . But that deal fell apart as the rebel coalition pushed its way from its base in the north toward Bangui , seizing towns along the way . Their efforts took a pivotal turn Sunday , when they infiltrated the capital , sending the president fleeing to Cameroon .	As political turmoil rages , aid agencies are warning of a humanitarian crisis . The most vulnerable are children , who have been separated from relatives About 1.5 million people need assistance , and the number will go up , the U.N. warns
CNN  -- Famed tenor Luciano Pavarotti , who died on Thursday at the age of 71 , was one of opera 's most adaptable and ebullient performers , appearing on stage with singers as varied as Dame Joan Sutherland , U2 's Bono and Liza Minnelli . Much as the star power of Rudolf Nureyev and Mikhail Baryshnikov revived widespread interest in classical ballet in the 1970s and 1980s , Pavarotti 's beaming charisma and bravura style captured the attention of the late-20th-century audience for opera . Widely considered the greatest tenor of his time , Pavarotti began his life modestly in Modena , the son of Fernando , a baker and amateur singer , and Adele , who worked at the local tobacco factory . "  I dreamed to become a singer when I was four and I hear my father singing in the church with a beautiful tenor voice , " he told CNN in a 1991 interview . "  And I say to myself , well , let 's try to do something . " The young Pavarotti -- who played soccer with his town 's junior team -- joined the church choir with his father and traveled with him to Wales , where the singing group won first prize at the Llangollen International singing competition . Although the experience left Pavarotti enthralled with singing , he graduated from the local teaching institute in 1955 and taught elementary school for two years , then worked as an insurance salesman . He continued his vocal studies , however , working first with with Arrigo Pola and then with Ettore Campogalliani . Then , in 1961 , Pavarotti won the prestigious Concorso Internazionale and made his operatic debut at the Reggio Emilia Theater as Rodolfo in Giacomo Puccini 's "  La Boheme . " His fame spread throughout Italy and then throughout the European continent as he made his international debut in Giuseppe Verdi 's "  La Traviata " in Belgrade . When Dame Joan Sutherland brought him on-stage with her during a performance of Gaetano Donizetti 's "  Lucia di Lammermoor " with the Greater Miami Opera in 1965 , Pavarotti began his American career . He debuted at New York 's Metropolitan Opera House three years later , and eventually marked 379 performances there , including his final opera , Puccini 's "  Tosca " in 2004 , in which he performed as the painter Mario Cavaradossi . In between Pavarotti sold millions of records and raised millions of dollars for charity through benefit concerts , often sharing the stage with pop stars as well as other opera singers . Of his recordings , 1990 's "  The Essential Pavarotti " was the first classical album to reach No. 1 on Britain 's pop charts , where it remained for five weeks . 1994 's "  The Three Tenors in Concert , " with Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras , remains the best selling classical album of all time . Pavarotti joined with Domingo and Carreras in 1990 , and although critics complained that Pavarotti 's vocal skills were waning , the trio performed together for 14 years . Among his charities were a 1995 "  Concert for Bosnia " that raised $ 8.5 million and other concerts that raised $ 3.3 million for refugees from Afghanistan and $ 1 million for refugees from Kosovo . In artistic terms , Pavarotti brought to the stage a voice neatly suited to the traditional bel canto , or "  beautiful singing " style , essential to 17th-century Italian opera . As much about intensity as pitch , bel canto focuses the voice , concentrating the sound with both outstanding warmth and agility . So demanding is this work even of the best singers that Pavarotti in concert recital could be seen rising to the balls of his feet during the most challenging passages . A long , white handkerchief always hung from one hand as he sang , his eyebrows arched high in the effort , forming an expression seemingly of surprise at his own success . From his small beginnings , Pavarotti rose to great heights , performing in front of 500,000 people in New York 's Central Park -- a concert seen by millions on television -- and before another 300,000 at Paris ' Eiffel Tower . He won countless awards and honors -- including five Grammies -- and was named United Nations Messenger for Peace by then-Secretary-General Kofi Annan . He launched an international competition , The Pavarotti International Voice Competition , in 1982 . He even founded a teaching facility for young singers in his home town . His signature aria , Puccini 's "  Nessun Dorma " from "  Turandot , " was chosen as the theme music for the 1990 soccer World Cup , hosted by Italy . He also performed the aria at the opening ceremony of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin . The great singer was also known as an equestrian expert , organizing one of the international show jumping circuit 's most important competitions , the Pavarotti International , in Modena . Coinciding with that event , Pavarotti also staged an annual charity concert , Pavarotti and Friends . The portly singer retired from staged opera in 2004 , but was on a "  farewell tour " of concerts when he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2006 and underwent emergency surgery to remove the tumor . Although the remaining concerts of his tour were canceled , his management said that he hoped to resume the tour in 2007 . When cancer finally stopped Pavarotti from singing , it was only the second interruption of his career . "  I think I just stopped for one year when from a kid I become a man and the voice is changing , " he said in 1991 . "  I was an alto and became a tenor and that is the only time I think I remember to have stopped singing . Otherwise I have sung all my life . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Porter Anderson contributed to this report .	Luciano Pavarotti widely considered the greatest tenor of his time The Italian 's charisma and bravura style attracted a new audience to opera Singer retired from staged opera in 2004 ; diagnosed with cancer in 2006
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Emirati authorities canceled dozens of Syrians ' residency permits after a protest against the Syrian government in the United Arab Emirates , sources said . More than 2,000 people protested against the Syrian regime on February 10 , said a source close to the leadership of the Syrian National Council , which opposes the Syrian government . The demonstrators did not have a permit to protest outside the Syrian consulate in Dubai , the source said . The source said the SNC has been negotiating with the UAE 's foreign ministry and was assured last week that the permits would be reinstated -- but that has not happened . Dubai police asked the protesters to leave . Most left , but dozens stayed behind and continued protesting , the source said . He said about 60 Syrians had their residency permits canceled . But a United Arab Emirates official said the number of Syrians affected was much lower . "  The decision was not to renew the residence of a few people -- much less than 60 . It was around 30 , " said the official , who did not want to be identified . "  It was not to deport them or to send them to Syria . It was to give them the option to go anywhere they wish . " The official said authorities could have arrested hundreds because "  the demonstration was not licensed . It was not legal . Nevertheless , nobody touched anybody , nobody was arrested . " He added that the Syrians who lost residency permits had been "  involved in other activities " -- but would not detail what those activities were . The first source , the one close to the SNC leadership , said UAE authorities gave the Syrians a Wednesday deadline to leave the country . At least five have left the UAE in recent days , including two to Cairo , two to Jordan and one to Saudi Arabia , he said . But the UAE official said the deadline is "  flexible . " The first source said while the protesters who stayed "  were in the wrong " for not leaving when told to do so . But "  that does n't mean the UAE needs to cancel their residencies . " He said protesters are "  asking for mercy from UAE authorities , as this wo n't just affect the men whose residencies were canceled -- but their families as well . " A Syrian who left after Emirati officials gave him 10 days to depart said he is worried about his future . "  I lived and worked in the UAE for years , all my family is there . I never did anything wrong , " said the man who did not want to be named out of fear for his family . CNN 's Yousef Rafayah contributed to this report	NEW : Syrian says he is worried about his future About 60 Syrians had their residency permits canceled , a source says A United Arab Emirates official says the number was closer to 30 Both say protesters were demonstrating without a permit at a consulate in Dubai
CNN  -- Rosie O'Donnell and spouse Kelli Carpenter "  are working through their issues " and "  nothing else will be said " about rumors the couple is splitting , according to O'Donnell 's publicist . Rumors have been swirling that Kelli Carpenter , left , and Rosie O'Donnell are splitting . Online buzz about the Carpenter-O'Donnell marriage grew louder this week after O'Donnell did not give a clear-cut denial in a USA Today interview on Tuesday . The former talk show host 's publicist echoed her non-denial in a statement to CNN Wednesday . "  They are a family and will remain a family forever and are working through their issues , " publicist Cindi Berger said in an e-mailed response . "  Nothing else will be said . " O'Donnell and Carpenter were married in a private ceremony in San Francisco , California , Mayor Gavin Newsom 's office in February 2004 . The city of San Francisco issued the couple a marriage license two weeks after Newsom said his mayoral responsibility not to discriminate trumped a state law banning such marriages . O'Donnell said on her wedding day that she was inspired to make her longtime relationship with Carpenter official by "  vile and vicious and hateful comments " made by President George W. Bush that week . Then-President Bush announced that week that he would seek a Constitutional amendment to mandate that same-sex couples not be allowed to marry . O'Donnell and Carpenter are also business partners . They started R Family Vacations , which organizes cruises tailored for gay couples . Their family includes four children . The three oldest -- Parker , 14 , Chelsea , 12 and Blake , 9 -- are adopted . Six-year-old Vivienne -- conceived through a sperm donation -- was born to Carpenter .	Rumors that Rosie O'Donnell , spouse Kelli Carpenter are splitting O'Donnell did not deny rumors to USA Today Publicist : Pair "  are working through their issues " Two were married in San Francisco in 2004
The Syrian government is ready to send envoys to Moscow for talks with representatives of the opposition it has been fighting in a brutal civil war for over 3 1/2 years , according to state-run media . The government of President Bashar Al-Assad wants to find a way out of the conflict in the country , state-news agency SANA said Saturday . But moderate opposition groups say they have not been invited to the talks by Russia and will not participate , according to Oubai Shahbandar with the Syrian National Coalition , the main opposition group recognized by the United States , the United Nations and Russia . He said Moscow invited only loyalists groups that are close to the Syrian regime . The meeting is expected to take place after January 20 in Moscow and will be "  informal , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said earlier this week , according to Russian state news agency Itar-Tass . "  Negotiators have been named ; they are the foreign minister and the first deputy ... but it is up to Syria 's authorities to decide on the format for the delegation to be sent for Moscow 's consultative meeting , " the spokesman said . The Syrian National Coalition says any meaningful talks must be held on the basis of the Geneva communique that was agreed upon by the United States , United Nations and Russia . Negotiations in Geneva , brokered by the United Nations , fell apart in February . At the time , U.N. mediator Lakhdar Brahimi apologized to the Syrian people , saying he was "  very , very sorry " that , despite two rounds of talks , "  we have n't done very much . " Since then , the extremist group ISIS has become a growing force in northern Syria and al Qaeda-linked Al Nusra Front has made gains , weakening more moderate opposition groups . U.S. options in Syria shrivel as Islamists gain	Main opposition group is not invited to talks with regime in Moscow Government says it 's ready for talks with the opposition , according to state news agency Moscow says it will broker the talks in January , Itar-Tass reports U.N. negotiations between the warring parties fell apart in February
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Even though they were stuck without air conditioning , hot showers and decent meals , some of the passengers who made it off a crippled Carnival Cruise Lines ship said Friday that they would go on a cruise again . "  I 'm so thankful that we 're all alive , " Leticia Lewis said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  I do n't wish this experience on anyone . It was n't a wonderful event . But I would take another one . " Amber Haslerud , another passenger , said her voyage on the ill-fated Carnival Cruise ship Splendor was her first cruise , and she would also go on another one . "  I definitely would give it another go and try to get the experience I should have had this time , " said Haslerud . "  I deserve it after all that we went through this week . " The ship and its approximately 3,300 passengers arrived in San Diego on Thursday , four days after a fire in the engine room left the ship without air conditioning , hot showers or refrigeration one day into a scheduled seven-day cruise along the Mexican coast . "  It was absolutely deplorable , " passenger Marquis Horace said . At one point , the ship ran out of food , he said , and "  they started making mayo sandwiches . " Passengers said they were n't told there was a fire until they left the ship . Horace said the crew informed passengers only of "  a flameless fire . " Carnival spokeswoman Jennifer de la Cruz said officials initially spoke only of smoke because the crew could n't get into the engine room to assess the situation . Passengers were advised of the fire once it was confirmed , she said . Maritime law does n't require cruise lines to tell passengers about onboard problems , said Robert Jarvis , a professor of law at Nova Southern University in Fort Lauderdale , Flordia . He said it sometimes makes sense to limit or delay the release of information to avoid a panic . Carnival 's position is to inform passengers any time an issue will affect their cruise , de la Cruz said . The cruise line has said it plans to give customers who were aboard the Splendor a full refund , reimbursement for travel costs and a free cruise . Natalie Martinez and Angela Evans are among those who said they would also go on another cruise . But they said they would bring a survival kit with flashlights , chocolate and air freshener . And "  I think we would wait a year , " Martinez added . . Some passengers are n't sure if they 'll cruise again . Maurice Harold and his wife , Cynthia Harold , not only had to endure being adrift , they had to do so without some of their own clothes , medicines and other items lost when their luggage went into the water while being loaded onto the ship . "  It was pretty traumatic . It was a scary situation , said Cynthia Harold , who said she needs to use an oxygen machine while sleeping and was unable to after the ship lost power . "  I really have n't slept since I left Virginia Beach , " she said . The couple said they were unsure of their next steps , adding that it all depends on how Carnival compensates them . Others looked at the incident differently calling it an "  adventure . " "  A lot of things went wrong , but it was really fun , " said one young passenger , Ryan Harlan , who was traveling with his parents . "  We went to the Kids ' Camp . " He said the Kids ' Camp was , in fact , his favorite part , because he made some friends . And the worst part ? "  Being stranded in the middle of the ocean , " he said . The National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday it was investigating the incident . But later in the day the safety board said officials from Panama would lead the investigation because that is the country the vessel is flagged under . The U.S. Coast Guard will also be part of the investigation , the transportation board said .	NEW : Maritime law gives crew discretion on informing passengers of problems Officials from Panama are investigating the fire on the cruise ship Some passengers said they ate mayonnaise sandwiches
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has stopped well short of agreeing to a continued freeze on building Israeli settlements in the West Bank , made comments that suggested that he might be willing to compromise on the issue . Construction of settlements is a major sticking point between Israel and the Palestinian Authority , which recently resumed direct peace talks for the first time since 2008 . "  The Palestinians are demanding that after the 26th of September there will be zero growth in the West Bank , and that wo n't happen , " Netanyahu said during a Sunday meeting with Middle East Quartet Representative Tony Blair , a diplomatic source briefed on the discussions told CNN . The Quartet consists of the United States , Russia , the United Nations and the European Union . "  Israel will not be able to continue with the moratorium , " Netanyahu said . "  On one hand , we wo n't be building all the tens of thousands of housing units that are waiting in the pipeline , but on the other hand we wo n't be freezing the lives of the inhabitants of the West Bank when we wo n't freeze the building . " "  I do n't know if there will be a comprehensive freeze , " Netanyahu said at a Sunday Cabinet meeting , according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz . "  But I also do n't know if it is necessary to construct all of the 20,000 housing units waiting to be built . In any case , between zero and one there are a lot of possibilities . " Last year , Israel instituted a 10-month moratorium on building Israeli settlements in the West Bank . Netanyahu is under pressure from the Palestinians and the from the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama to extend the freeze , which is currently set to expire toward the end of September . Netanyahu 's conservative coalition government wants the prime minister to end the moratorium . An Israeli settlement watch organization called Peace Now says groundwork construction already is complete on 2,000 Israeli housing units in the West Bank , on which building could resume as soon as the moratorium ends . Another 11,000 units have been approved for construction , according to the group . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahumet in Washington for direct talks earlier this month . The two pledged in front of the cameras to move the peace process forward , but privately were said to have gotten stuck on the question of whether the Israeli settlements should continue . Abbas and Netanyahu are scheduled for a meeting Tuesday in Egypt , where U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and George Mitchell , the U.S. special envoy for Middle East peace , are also expected to attend . Netanyahu said that if all sides are serious in their efforts , it would be possible to arrive at a framework for lasting peace within the year . "  Just as we are asked to recognize the Palestinian national state ... we also demand and expect the Palestinians to recognize a Jewish state , the State of Israel , as the national state of the Jewish People . This is the true foundation of peace , " he said , according to Haaretz . Palestinian negotiators have said they will walk away from peace talks if Israel resumes settlement construction in the West Bank . "  I 'm not demanding as a pre-condition for talks the recognition of Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people , and I do n't say that , if they do n't do so , I will stand up and leave the negotiating table , " Netanyahu said , according to the diplomatic source . "  In the same fashion , it 's not logical that the Palestinians are placing pre-conditions and threatening to leave the negotiating table . That is not the way to move forward seriously to a peace agreement . " CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Netanyahu is under pressure to extend the 10-month moratorium on building in the West Bank The settlements issue has emerged as a major sticking point in peace negotiations Settlement watch group : Israel has already done groundwork for 2,000 housing units
With lingering questions about privacy , game trading and selling , and an "  always-on " Kinect device , Microsoft has released new details about the new Xbox One console , hoping to address issues that have had some fans in an uproar . The details come a week before the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  next week in Los Angeles and , presumably , are meant to free up the company to focus on games and features , not consumer concerns , during its major showcase there . Among the new details : Up to 10 family members will be able to log in and play purchased Xbox One games from anywhere . The unique proposition addresses concerns from fans about being able to play where they want , and when they want , in an era when game companies worry about protecting digital rights . The games also will be playable by anyone who uses the console at the buyer 's house . But what about used games ? One blog post emphasizes there will be no fee for transferring or selling games back for cash and credit on Microsoft 's part . However , the wording suggests that restrictions could come from game publishers themselves . "  Today , some gamers choose to sell their old disc-based games back for cash and credit . We designed Xbox One so game publishers can enable you to trade in your games at participating retailers , " the post reads . "  Microsoft does not charge a platform fee to retailers , publishers , or consumers for enabling transfer of these games . " Microsoft uses the same "  game publisher can enable " language when talking about trading or giving games to your friends . There are two requirements on trading from Microsoft : the recipient must be on your friends list for at least 30 days and each game can only be given away once . What will game publishers do with this new control over used games and trading ? And how will retailers , who rely on game trades as part of their business , react ? That remains to be seen . In releasing the new details , Microsoft seeks to take the spotlight off of itself and aim it at third-party publishers . At the end of the day , it 's those publishers who have the most to lose if games on new consoles like the Xbox One , and Sony 's upcoming PlayStation 4 , do n't have built-in protections that keep them from being resold or shared . But digital-rights management and other protections are unpopular with many gamers , who argue they should be able to do what they like with a game once they 've paid for it . It 's unclear how Microsoft 's own Microsoft Games Studios will address those issues . Sony has been less open about how rights issues will be managed on its own new console . On the Xbox , offline gaming or use of a constant Internet connection has also been an issue for fans . According to another post , while the Xbox One is designed to work best with a constant broadband connection , it is not required . However , the console will need to be connected at least once every 24 hours , or once an hour if you 're logged onto a friend 's console to access your own game library . A separate blog post addressed the privacy concerns raised by an always-watching Kinect device , which is connected to the Xbox One . Gamers will be able to tailor how responsive the sensor will be and how much or little data gets transferred . The Kinect device can be paused if you do n't want to use it . Also , while the Kinect can indeed read your heart rate , facial expressions and more , none of that data leaves the console without explicit permission . The post goes on to say that Microsoft is listening to fan feedback as they refine and develop new policies for the Xbox One . Microsoft 's E3 presentation is scheduled for Monday at 12:30 p.m. ET .	Ahead of E3 , Microsoft answers questions about Xbox One rules Up to 10 family members will be able to access a game anywhere Rules on sharing , reselling will be up to game publishers "  Always-on " Internet is preferable , but not required , for the Xbox One
CNN  -- The Louisville Cardinals defeated the Michigan Wolverines , 82-76 , to win the NCAA Division I men 's basketball championship Monday night in Atlanta . The showdown was one for the ages , with a dazzling array of airborne theatrics , jaw-dropping dunks and 3-pointers from well behind the line . The Cardinals surged from a double-digit deficit in the first half to lead during much of the second half and finally clinch the victory . Pitino gets Hall of Fame nod Louisville Head Coach Rick Pitino said his team was able to top the Wolverines ' "  absolutely incredible " performance "  probably because I have the 13 toughest guys I 've ever coached . " The Cardinals played without Kevin Ware , the sophomore guard who suffered one of the most grotesque injuries in college sports while playing Duke on March 31 . During a routine block attempt , Ware landed awkwardly and snapped his right shin , drawing gasps of horror as the bone protruded through his skin . Ware joined his teammates during the championship trophy presentation on crutches . "  These are my brothers , you know . They got the job done , and I 'm so proud of them . " Ware 's teammate Luke Hancock was named the tournament 's Most Outstanding Player , helping pull Louisville out of a 12-point hole to lead the Cardinals with 22 points . "  We just went into war right there against a great Michigan team , " the junior forward said . Naismith Trophy winner Trey Burke led a ferocious Michigan squad with 24 points , but it was n't enough to top No. 1 seed Louisville . Now , Pitino must live up to a promise he made to his players this season . "  They said , ` If you win the national championship , coach , you 're getting a tattoo . ' I said , ` Hell yes , I 'm getting a tattoo . ' "	The Louisville Cardinals rallied from a double-digit deficit to claim the title Louisville played without Kevin Ware , who broke his leg March 31 Coach Rick Pitino promised his players he 'd get a tattoo if the Cardinals win Naismith Trophy winner Trey Burke led Michigan with 24 points
CNN  -- A lightning strike killed a NASCAR fan and injured nine others in a parking lot outside Pocono Raceway after torrential rains shortened Sunday 's Pennsylvania 400 , a track official said . The PA announcer had warned fans to take cover as a powerful band of thunderstorms approached . "  The lightning affected 10 of our race fans , " said Pocono spokesman Bob Pleban . "  Unfortunately , one person was dead on arrival when they were brought to the Pocono Medical Center in Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania . " Nine fans received treatment after the lightning strike , some of them were hospitalized , he said . Their conditions were not immediately known . Jeff Gordon won the race when NASCAR parked the cars on the 98th lap , 155 miles short of the scheduled 400 . The next NASCAR Sprint Cup Sprint Series race is August 12 in Watkins Glen , New York . CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	Rain cuts the Pennsylvania 400 short Jeff Gordon wins after the race is stopped on the 98th lap Fans were told to take cover as a storm approached
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel declared a Friday test of its Arrow weapon system a "  major milestone " in the development of a system to defend against medium range missiles that could be fired from countries like Iran . In a statement the Israeli Defense Ministry said the test "  provides confidence in operational Israeli capabilities to defeat the developing ballistic missile threat . " The successful test of the joint American and Israeli weapon system was held over the Mediterranean Sea Friday morning and sought to track a simulated incoming ballistic missile via radar and pass the information back to what is known as the battle management controller . The Defense Ministry described the test as a "  target-only tracking exercise , " meaning the missile was not intercepted . The ministry said the test demonstrated that the Arrow Weapon System and the U.S. Ballistic Missile Defense System could successfully work together in what it termed "  interoperability . " U.S. Missile Defense Agency personnel participated in the test , the ministry said . The missile defense test comes amid fevered speculation that Israel may soon launch a unilateral attack against Iran 's nuclear program , though Israeli defense officials said the timing of Friday 's exercise were planned a year in advance and was not connected to recent events . Both countries were supposed to hold a massive joint missile defense exercise in April , but the drills were postponed until the second half of the year with both sides citing technical reasons . Israel and the United States have been jointly developing the multi-billion dollar Arrow missile defense system since 1986 . The goal of the project is to provide Israel with a defense for medium range missiles fired toward it from the region .	Israel declares test a "  major milestone " in development of anti-missile system Arrow could protect Israel from medium range missiles fired from countries like Iran The U.S. participated in the test described as "  target-only tracking "
CNN  -- Who would have thought that getting naked and naughty with a stranger online could have negative consequences ? It turns out that in addition to the potential for walk-ins by significant others and soul-crushing lack of self-respect in the morning , would-be Internet Lotharios now have to worry about being blackmailed . Police in Singapore are reporting what appears to be a ring  or rings  of online scam artists who use attractive women to "  friend " victims on social sites , seduce them into cybersex on webcams and then threaten to post images or videos of them online if they do n't pay up . "  They would commence a webcam conversation with the victims and initiate cybersex by undressing themselves first before persuading the male victims to appear nude or perform sexual acts in front of the webcams , " the Singapore Police Force wrote in a post on its website . "  Unknown to the victims , the suspects had recorded the acts . " According to the police , more than 50 such cases were reported in 2012 , up from 11 the previous year . In the wonderfully sensational style of journalism reminiscent of Next Media Animation 's "  animated news "  the Taiwanese folks who showed us Tiger Woods ' 2009 traffic mishap and Steve Jobs turning into a ninja  Singapore TV station HD 5 created a 10-minute "  reconstruction " of the scam . It shows our hero Danny , a dorky student , being "  friended " on Facebook by the lovely Lilly , who proceeds to talk him out of his pants on camera before abruptly disappearing . The tryst-gone-wrong is then followed by an e-mail and phone call from a shadowy dude demanding $ 50,000 . Poor Danny . Graham Cluley , of Web security firm Sophos , warns that if such a scam spreads , it could encompass more than just blackmail . "  You can imagine how a man , believing he is being seduced online by a sexy woman , might be all too eager to click on a link she suggests or run a malicious program on his computer , " Cluley wrote on his blog . "  Before he knows it , his computer could be under the control of a hacker . " It was unclear Monday whether Singapore Police have made any arrests related to the scams . A message to the police force was not immediately returned . Singapore Police warn potential targets to be wary of strangers befriending them on social networks and to avoid giving away personal details or "  performing compromising acts " with people you barely know . The police also urge users to call authorities immediately if someone tries to extort money from you . Cluley adds a simpler word of advice : "  Be careful out there , and keep your trousers on , chaps . "	Naked webcam scam being used to blackmail victims Singapore Police say women convince men to get naked and record it 50 cases were reported in Singapore in 2012 , up from 11 in previous year Authorities : Do n't friend strangers , report blackmail immediately
An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared American couple Matthew and Grace Huang of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 , in a case that drew global attention to the Middle Eastern nation 's justice system . However , the couple were blocked from leaving Qatar on Sunday by immigration officials at Hamad International Airport , who confiscated their passports , according to the Doha News agency , which cited a family spokesman Eric Volz . A new warrant had been issued for their arrest on unknown charges , the agency cited Volz as saying . The couple remained at the airport Sunday night with the U.S. Ambassador to Qatar , Dana Shell Smith , Doha News reported . Earlier , Matthew Huang issued a statement thanking the Qatari judge for his decision . "  This has been an emotional trial for me and my family , " Matthew Huang said in a statement . "  Grace and I want to go home and be reunited with our sons . We have not been able to grieve our daughter 's death , but we want to thank the judge for today 's decision . " The Huangs -- who were living in Qatar while Matthew Huang worked for a international company working on construction projects for the 2022 World Cup -- were arrested in January 2013 when their 8-year-old daughter Gloria died . They were charged with starving her to death , convicted in March and sentenced to three years in prison . The Qatari prosecutor sought to paint Grace and Matthew Huang as inhumane -- alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa -- and had threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The couple spent nearly a year in prison before being freed in November 2013 pending their appeal . In explaining his decision to overturn the conviction , Judge Abdulrahman al-Sharafi cited weaknesses in forensic reports and said the trial judge failed to properly consider testimony from witnesses who said Gloria was n't deprived . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , stated they found no evidence tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , despite the fact Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation went unanswered . Criticism of Qatari justice The case against the Huangs shined a light on the Qatari justice system and drew complaints from the United States . Qatar is a key ally in the U.S.-led coalition against the terror group ISIS and host to many countries ' forces involved in airstrikes . The Qatari government also helped the United States secure the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from Taliban captivity this year . Despite the close ties , the State Department expressed concern . Officials requested in October that Qatar 's government lift the Huangs ' travel ban , allowing them to return to the United States . "  The 22 long months of court proceedings following their daughter 's tragic death have compounded the tragedy for the Huang family , and it is time now , as the Appeals Court stated , to let the Huangs return home , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement . "  We are deeply concerned about new delays that have prevented their departure , " he said . A United Nations special rapporteur investigating the justice system in Qatar also called attention to the Huangs ' case and urged the government to release them and send them home . Fighting family After the couple 's arrest , their two sons , also adopted from Africa , were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage . They have since been sent back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother . The entire family chipped in during the prolonged separation . With Matthew Huang fired from his job , the couple are living on donations from family and friends . Grace Huang 's brother , Daniel Chin , gave up his job in California to work on the case full time . He was the nerve center of the family , raising money for expenses and defense costs and dealing with the Huangs ' lawyers and advocates . Their focus on their fate took away from time for them to grieve Gloria 's loss . "  Everything has revolved around her case and our situation , " Grace Huang said . "  We have n't had a chance to really say goodbye and mourn . We just really want to be able to honor her place in our lives with our friends and family and that has n't happened yet . "	"  We are deeply concerned about new delays that have prevented their departure , " says Kerry New arrest warrant issued for American couple , Doha News reports The development comes after a judge voided their conviction in their daughter 's death Prosecutors accused them of starving the girl to death
CNN  -- "  Abolition " is n't a word you hear much in 2013 . It should be , though . And a group of modern-day freedom fighters in Illinois is resurrecting the term -- with its echoes of 1800s America -- to combat ongoing slavery in a faraway West African country . The Abolition Institute , which launched its website on Monday , is a newly formed group trying to end slavery in Mauritania , a remote outpost in the Sahara where an estimated 10 % to 20 % of people are enslaved , according to a U.N. expert . "  There 's just a special connection between Illinois , where President Lincoln and President Grant and President Obama are from , and Mauritania , " said Sean Tenner , the group 's co-founder , who also hails from Illinois . "  They 're  different places , but with the same path . " Hopefully that path leads to universal freedom . I traveled to Mauritania in December 2011 to report on the issue for CNN 's Freedom Project . It 's an amazing and gut-wrenching place , full of vast potential but struggling to break slavery 's psychological chains . More than a year later , I 'm left with a deep sense of hope and cautious optimism that Mauritania will be able to break them . Tenner and his nascent group are one reason for that . He saw the CNN report online in March 2012 and decided he wanted to do something to help abolish slavery in a country he 'd never visited , in the name of people who he 's mostly never met . "  To say it changed my life and changed other peoples ' lives would be an understatement , " he said . The Abolition Institute has applied for 501  c  3 status as a nonprofit organization , Tenner said , but has not been granted that status yet . Its website lets users quickly petition the United States and other world governments to put pressure on Mauritania to prosecute slave owners "  instead of protecting them . " It calls slavery in Mauritania "  one of the most pressing human rights issues of our time . " Tenner assembled a well-connected board of directors to raise awareness about the issue and to collect funds for anti-slavery groups who work on the ground in Mauritania . The board includes veterans of Obama political campaigns , the Save Darfur movement , the Hotel Rwanda Rusesabagina Foundation -- as well as Mauritanian human rights activists who are now living in North America . Paul Rusesabagina , whose story inspired the film "  Hotel Rwanda " and who is credited with rescuing 1,200 people during the 1994 genocide in that East African country , spoke at the Abolition Institute 's grand opening . Tenner , a 35-year-old from suburban Chicago , is following the path of many brave abolitionists in Mauritania -- several of whom I was lucky enough to meet . Since our online project published last year , Biram Dah Abeid , head of one local abolitionist group , was arrested for burning Quornic texts he says condone slavery . Later , after being released , he was given the Front Line Award for Human Rights Defenders at Risk by a human rights group in Ireland . Meanwhile , Boubacar Messaoud , head of a group called SOS Slaves and one of the long-standing heroes of the country 's abolitionist movement , has provided assistance to women who recently escaped slavery or who come from the enslaved class . Tenner had a Chicago Cubs jersey made with Messaoud 's name on it -- and wants to nominate him for a Nobel Peace Prize . Tenner 's first goal , though , is to make people aware that slavery exists in Mauritania , although government officials have denied its existence . And he 's smart to do so by forging ties between his state -- home to the American president who banned slavery and the country 's first African-American president -- and a country in West Africa that continues to struggle for freedom . "  The more people around the world who are aware of the issue the more pressure will be generated on ... Mauritania , " he said , "  and the better the situation will become . " The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	New group called the Abolition Institute forms in Illinois It will tackle the issue of slavery in the West Africa country Mauritania John Sutter : The group offers hope that things will change in Mauritania The institute brings together veterans of the Save Darfur and Hotel Rwanda campaigns
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Toyota 's president apologized Friday for the gas pedal problems that have forced the recall of millions of vehicles in the United States and Europe , Japanese media reported . It was Akio Toyoda 's first remarks since the latest round of recalls began last week . "  We 're extremely sorry to have made customers uneasy , " he told Japanese news agency NHK . "  We plan to establish the facts and give an explanation that will take away the customers ' concern as soon as possible . " The recall is to correct a problem that , under certain circumstances , could cause the gas pedal , as it becomes worn , to stick partway down . Toyota recalled 2.3 million vehicles in the United States for the problem this week , although no repair procedure has been put in place . A Toyota spokesman said that the carmaker is close to announcing a solution for cars in the United States . The company would still need to get regulatory approval for any proposed repair in the United States and in Europe before a fix could be made . The European recall involves eight models , several of them not sold in the United States . The number of vehicles involved in that recall is under investigation , but could reach 1.8 million , Toyota said in a statement . The recall is separate from one begun in November to fix a problem in which the gas pedal can catch on the edge of the removable floormat . The floormat recall was recently expanded to cover 5.3 million vehicles . In many cases , the same vehicles are involved in both recalls . It was not clear how many different vehicles , in total , are part of both actions . When it came to capturing U.S. market share , Toyota Motor had its pedal to the metal for years . But the gas pedal problems could throw its sales into reverse . The halt of sales and production of the company 's most popular U.S. models will cause this month 's sales to tumble 12 percent compared to January 2009 , according to a forecast from sales tracker Edmunds.com . Michelle Krebbs , senior analyst for Edmunds.com , said that , if not for this week 's problems , Toyota 's sales would have been up at least slightly for the month . The expected drop could send Toyota 's market share below 15 percent , which would be its lowest level in nearly four years . Most of Toyota 's rivals are expected to post higher sales compared to a year ago . Ford Motor , which last year reported its first market share gain in the United States since 1995 , is expected to pass Toyota in market share in January , according to Edmunds.com . Ford has joined General Motors and other automakers trying to capitalize on Toyota 's problems , offering $ 1,000 to buyers who trade in Toyotas when purchasing a new car . That could be a big problem for Toyota . "  People buy Toyotas for their bullet-proof reliability , " said Krebbs . "  That was their main selling point , and that 's taken a huge hit . " Share iReports of auto stories Even after Toyota fixes the gas pedal problems , it is likely to have trouble regaining share , some say . A loss in market share this year would be Toyota 's first since 1994 . "  This is a game changer for Toyota , " said Art Spinella , head of CNW Market Research . "  They have some serious , serious work to do to repair the damage done to their image . " Spinella said Toyota was already vulnerable . His firm 's consumer survey from mid-January showed Toyota had fallen from its long-held position of first or second in quality estimates to seventh among potential buyers . Apparently , recalls that began late last year are having an impact . "  This was just the latest recall problem for Toyota , " said Spinella . "  Word of mouth is the key for all of this , and always has been . And it 's much tougher to move back up the list than to fall down . " Toyota spokeswoman Sona Iliffe-Moon said the company wo n't comment about any potential hit to sales or market share before its scheduled release of January sales on February 2 . "  Clearly there will be a sales impact with the stopped sales , " she said . "  Really , right now our focus is working on a remedy . " CNN 's David Goldman contributed to this report	Toyota 's president apologized Friday for the recall of millions of vehicles It was Akio Toyoda 's first remarks since the latest round of recalls began last week Eight models of cars have been recalled in the U.S. , Europe and China
CNN  -- Regulators are focusing on at least four of Europe 's biggest banks as they investigate the attempted manipulation of the region 's benchmark interest rate , suspecting that Barclays ' traders were the ringleaders of a circle that included Crédit Agricole , HSBC , Deutsche Bank and Société Générale . Evidence of links between traders at all four banks and Barclays ' former euroswaps trader Philippe Moryoussef is under scrutiny , people involved in the process have told the Financial Times . The news comes in the wake of the clear-out of senior management at Barclays , after the bank paid a # 290m fine to settle probes in the US and UK into its involvement in the attempted manipulation of the London interbank offered rate  Libor  and its European equivalent , Euribor . The furore over the attempts to rig lending benchmarks has led to calls from policy makers around the world for an overhaul of the system that underpins $ 500tn of contracts globally -- everything from arcane derivatives to standard home loans . In its settlement with Barclays , the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , the US futures regulator , described an unnamed trader as having "  orchestrated an effort to align trading strategies among traders at multiple banks -LSB- ... -RSB- in order to profit from their futures trading positions " . According to several people familiar with the matter that senior Barclays trader was Mr Moryoussef , who worked for Barclays from 2005 until 2007 . His strategy was based on the fixing of three-month swaps pegged to Euribor -- the euro-based interbank lending rate set in Brussels by averaging 44 banks ' submissions , regulators have said . According to an FT investigation , Mr Moryoussef is alleged to have contacted a number of traders whom he knew at other banks , either through previous employment or via professional or personal networks . Regulators are looking at suspected communication with Michael Zrihen at Crédit Agricole , Didier Sander at HSBC and Christian Bittar at Deutsche Bank , all of whom no longer work at the groups in question , according to people familiar with the investigations . At SocGen the identity of the traders in question remains unclear and the probe appears to be at an earlier stage . There were at least 20 requests from traders at rival banks to Barclays ' Euribor submitters to lower or raise rates between 2006 and 2008 , according to findings by the Financial Services Authority in its settlement with Barclays . It has been clear for some time that about 20 institutions have been drawn into regulators ' sights over the affair . But until now , the details of how individual banks could be implicated has remained murky . There had been a broad assumption that most banks under investigation were suspected of manipulating Libor submissions in the financial crisis period running from 2007-9 to appear healthier than they really were , sometimes allegedly with the implicit nod from policy makers . However , the alleged involvement of traders at Crédit Agricole , HSBC , Deutsche and SocGen , predates the financial crisis by several years . Barclays ' settlement with regulators made it clear that there were two distinct periods of attempted manipulation -- the first for trading gain , the second for broader reasons of financial stability . Sir Mervyn King , Bank of England governor , has sent a letter to other top central bankers inviting them to a September 9 meeting in Switzerland to discuss "  radical reforms " to the Libor process . The invitees include the head of the European Central Bank , the Federal Reserve and other major central banks , according to a person familiar with the contents . Regulators ' probes continue . But to date there has been no allegation of wrongdoing made by any authorities against any of the individuals or any bank beyond Barclays . All the banks declined to comment beyond previous statements confirming their co-operation with regulators over the broader investigation . The traders concerned either could not be reached or declined to comment . Reporting by Patrick Jenkins , Kara Scannell , Caroline Binham and Jennifer Thompson	Regulators are focusing on at least four of Europe 's biggest banks in the rate-fixing scandal Crédit Agricole , HSBC , Deutsche Bank and Société Générale are the subject of the probe The news comes in the wake of the clear-out of senior management at Barclays
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- When Aung San Suu Kyi arrived in Thailand , she had only her doctor and security man with her . The rest of her entourage had gone on ahead to establish operations around the country for what is proving to be a whirlwind and exceptionally busy trip . It began this morning in the blistering heat of Mahachai , the center of Thailand 's fishing and seafood industry , a nondescript town of canneries and fish markets . By the time we arrived , a couple of hours before Suu Kyi was due , the two stopping-off points of her trip were already thick with thousands of Burmese waiting to catch a glimpse of the Myanmar opposition leader , who is making her first trip outside the country in more than 20 years . Burmese migrant workers dream of return home At the fish market , with not a breath of wind and a powerful smell of shrimp in the air , they waited patiently , clutching flags and pictures of Suu Kyi and her father , former prime minister Aung San , the man who liberated what was then known as Burma from British rule . When she arrived it was chaos . Suu Kyi was not expected to get out of the car -- her people had been told it may be too dangerous because of the crowds -- but she did anyway , to the delight of her compatriots . At the community center nearby the crowds were much bigger , thousands strong , and chanting her name and singing the national anthem . Young men , women and families mingled , laughed and sweat under the searing sun . When she arrived she initially could not get out of the car because of the crowds and was taken down a side alley where she could get into the community center . Moments later , to an ecstatic crowd , she appeared on a third-floor balcony to tell her supporters that she would not forget them and that she would fight for their rights . The effect was electric as her words hit home . Many smiles turned to tears of joy -- such is the hope these Burmese migrants have of returning to their homeland and a job . Inside , Suu Kyi spoke to community leaders and workers . Each told a story of the trials they faced . After 40 minutes it was time to move on , to return to the capital and a busy schedule of meetings . She spoke to the media only briefly , saying she would not take questions but instead outlining what she had heard from her people . Her commanding presence in an outdoor public arena is only amplified inside a room . In all , her visit lasted just about three hours . Not long , but long enough to send a very clear message that her new-found travel freedom will be used to push democracy and human rights for Myanmar harder than ever . Suu Kyi will be back in Yangon by the end of the week . Next stop , Europe .	Thousands of Burmese migrants in Thailand gather to see Aung San Suu Kyi Myanmar opposition leader makes first trip abroad in more than 20 years Suu Kyi describes inequalities experienced by Burmese migrants in Thailand
CNN  -- England 's Courtney Lawes was handed a two-match ban on Tuesday after he was found guilty of recklessly striking his opponent with a knee during his country 's opening match of the 2011 Rugby World Cup . Lawes , 22 , made the tackle on Argentina 's Mario Ledesma during England 's 13-9 victory in Pool B on Saturday . The Northampton Saints lock will now miss England 's next two fixtures at the New Zealand tournament against Georgia on Sunday and Romania on September 24 . A plea of "  not guilty " was entered by Lawes and he now has 48 hours in which he can launch an appeal . "  Following a review of broadcast footage , Lawes was cited by Independent Citing Commissioner Murray Whyte  Ireland  under Law 10.4  a  for striking Mario Ledesma with the knee , " read a statement on the official Rugby World Cup web site . "  Taking into account mitigating factors being his excellent disciplinary record and remorse and the absence of aggravating factors , the Player was suspended for two weeks . "  In the context of the Rugby World Cup Tournament a week equates to one match . Therefore Lawes is suspended for two Rugby World Cup matches . " Lawes made his England debut in November 2009 , in an 18-9 defeat to Australia at Twickenham , and now has nine caps . The London-born player will be hoping he can still play a significant part in England 's bid to reach a third successive World Cup final .	Courtney Lawes has been handed a two-match World Cup ban The England lock was found guilty of a dangerous tackle against Argentina Lawes will now miss England 's matches with Georgia and Romania
CNN  -- You 'll find his name and initials everywhere you go at the French Open -- the famous green and brick red logo stamped on everything from parasols and caps to towels and tennis balls . But ask most people who Roland Garros was and they 'll tend to double fault . "  For a lot of people in France and abroad , Garros is a tennis man , or a sometime president of the French Tennis Federation  FFT  , " says Michael Guittard , head of collections and cultural mediation at the FFT . "  Everybody knows the name of Roland Garros , but nobody knows who he was . That 's why we have an exhibition to explain that he is not a tennis champion , but a hero of World War One . " Garros ' elevated status was n't earned down in the trenches , but up in the skies above the Western Front , as the exhibition at the FFT museum entitled "  Moi ... Roland Garros " explains . Born in 1888 on the French island of RÃ © union in the Indian Ocean , Garros had won fame before the war , notably becoming the first man to fly across the Mediterranean Sea in September 1913 . The following year , he switched from peacetime record-breaker to intrepid war pilot . Pioneering propellers Although he never reached the status of flying ace -- he is officially credited with shooting down four enemy aircraft during the war -- Garros gained notoriety another way by developing a means of allowing a machine gun to be fired forward through a plane 's propeller arc . "  He was an early pioneer in the development of fighter aviation , " says Peter Jakab , chief curator at the U.S. 's Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum . His method of attaching wedge-shaped steel plates to the propeller blades may have been crude , but it worked , says Jakab . "  The rate of fire was that most of the bullets would miss the propeller , but every so often one would strike it . So this was a way to deflect the bullets from the propeller , " Jakab told CNN . "  It was n't very efficient , but in the very early months of the war when airplanes were either defenseless or carrying hand-held weapons , this technique made his aircraft more lethal than anything flying . "  Over a very short period of time he shot down a number of German airplanes and created quite some terror among the German pilots . " Piloting his Morane-Saulnier , Garros ' first victory came at the beginning of April 1915 and two more quickly followed . But his luck ran out later that month when a clogged fuel line forced him to crash-land behind enemy lines . Captured by the Germans , Garros remained a prisoner of war for almost three years before escaping in February 1918 . Short-lived success Undeterred by the prospect of another incarceration or worse , Garros was soon airborne again , this time piloting a SPAD biplane . The pioneering airman showed he had lost none of his shooting skills as he downed his fourth German plane of the war in early October 1918 . But it was n't long before disaster struck . On October 5 , a day before his 30th birthday and five weeks before Armistice Day on November 11 , Garros was shot down and killed near the French town of Vouziers , close to the Belgian border . His demise came at the hands of a German airman flying a Fokker D VII plane fitted with a synchronization gear that stopped bullets hitting the propeller altogether . Designed by Dutch aircraft manufacturer Anthony Fokker , the device was far more efficient than Garros ' earlier deflector plates and caused numerous deaths of allied airmen when introduced in mid-1915 -- prompting the British press to coin the phrase the "  Fokker Scourge . " Garros had , it seems , become a victim of the rapid progress that he had started . "  What you see in the First World War is this laboratory or crucible for development of what we know as air power today -- from a tactical/mission perspective as well as a technical design perspective , " Jakab says . "  A guy like Garros was one of the early pioneers of developing a tactic in an aircraft-specific role . But ideas of formation flying and how squadrons would tactically engage had evolved after he was in prison . "  So when he came out , he was still pursuing fighter aviation like he had done in 1915 , but it was a different ball game by that point , " Jakab said . "  He was surpassed by the war and by this technique that he had pioneered . But he was a great war hero . " It was a status reaffirmed a decade after his death when a new stadium built to host the international teams tennis tournament now known as the Davis Cup was named in Garros ' honor . After beating the U.S. at Philadelphia 's Germantown Cricket Club in 1927 , France , led by the "  Four Musketeers "  Jean Borotra , Jacques Brugnon , Henri Cochet and Rene Lacoste  went on to win five consecutive Davis Cup titles at the new stadium in Paris ' 16th arrondissement beginning in 1928 -- the same year the French Open was first held at the clay-court venue . Pre-war records Garros ' high-standing among the French public was n't built solely on his efforts during the war . Prior to 1914 , he had been a highly successful member of a new burgeoning aircraft community which had rapidly grown in the wake of the Wright Brothers '  Wilbur and Orville  first powered flight at Outer Banks , North Carolina in December 1903 . "  A lot of people do n't realize how much aeronautical activity was going on before the First World War , " says Jakab . France was at the heart of this development , Jakab says , noting Louis Bleriot 's first crossing of the English Channel in an airplane in July 1909 which was followed a month later by the world 's first air meet at Reims in the Champagne-Ardenne region . "  It took place over a two-week period and upwards of 200,000 people came out to see the flying , " Jakab says . "  This was not an obscure event and by 1910 , ' 11 , '12 you have the foundation of an aircraft industry in Europe not just in France , but the UK , Italy , Germany and Russia . " As the FFT exhibition notes , Garros was inspired to take up flying after attending the Reims event and it was n't long before he was making a name for himself . In 1912 , two years after making his first flight , he won the prestigious Circuit de Anjou race before becoming the first man to fly across the Mediterranean Sea on September 23 the following year , as Flight International magazine reported . "  Tuesday last saw Roland Garros achieve his ambition of flying across the Mediterranean from France to Africa ... "  Leaving the Frejus Aerodrome at St. Raphael at 5.45 a.m. , and steering straight across the Mediterranean , over Sardinia , he made a safe landing in Bizerta , in Tunisia at 1.45 p.m. . The distance between the two points is about 460 miles , and after his eight hours flight there still remained in the tank five liters of petrol . " "  The 1913 flight across the Mediterranean was his great flight , " Jakab says . "  From a pre-war point of view , he was one of the key pioneering aviators who established the viability of the airplane as a technology in terms of these long-term flights . " These days , the only aviators you are likely to find at Roland Garros stadium are pairs of sunglasses perched on patron 's noses court side at Philippe Chatrier  who actually was a former FFT president  . The pilot 's story may be lost on most of them , but 100 years after the Great War began , Garros ' fighting spirit lives on in more frivolous forms of battle . "  Garros had two big qualities -- a lot of courage and a lot of determination , " Guittard says . "  Those two words are perfect for our champions . " The "  Moi ... Roland Garros " exhibition can be seen at the FFT museum at Roland Garros stadium . Entry is free of charge to ticket-holders during the tournament .	Early 20th-century aviator was credited with developing fighter aviation Garros fitted a device which enabled forward shooting from planes Captured by Germans , he escaped -- only to be killed months later Garros was a pioneer in war and peacetime , setting new distance flight records
CNN  -- A large Southern California nuclear plant is out of commission indefinitely , and will remain so until there is an understanding of what caused problems at two of its generators and an effective plan to address the issues , the nation 's top nuclear regulator said Friday . Gregory Jaczko , chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission , refused to give a timetable as to when the San Onofre nuclear plant could resume operation . He said only that his agency had "  set some firm conditions " as to when that could happen . "  We wo n't make a decision  to approve the facility 's restart  unless we 're satisfied that public health and safety will be protected , " Jaczko told reporters . "  They have to demonstrate to us that they understand the causes , and ... that they have a plan to address them . " The power plant has been shut down since this winter , when a small amount of radioactive gas escaped from a steam generator during a water leak . At the time , federal regulators said there was no threat to public health , though they could not identify how much gas leaked or exactly why it had happened . The water leak occurred in thousands of tubes that carry heated water from the reactor core through the plant 's steam generators . Leaks occur periodically in older units , but plant owner Southern California Edison replaced the four steam generators at San Onofre in 2010 and 2011 as part of a $ 680 million project . They are in units 2 and 3 of the nuclear facility ; unit 1 went out of service in 1992 . Each of the 65-foot-tall , 640-ton generators -- built by Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries -- are packed with thousands of narrow tubes that carry hot , pressurized water from the reactors . The heat produces steam in a separate loop that drives the plant 's turbines and generators . "  Tubes are vibrating and rubbing against adjacent tubes and against support structures inside the steam generators , " the agency noted . Eight of the more than 9,700 tubes in one of the unit 3 generators failed a pressure test , while six tubes in unit 2 's reactor needed to be plugged , the NRC has found . Another 186 tubes in unit 2 , which was shut down for refueling at the time of the leak , were plugged "  as a precautionary measure . " In addition to driving the turbines to create electricity , the steam generators are "  one of the barriers between the radioactive material in the reactor core and ultimately the external environment , " Jaczko noted . Located near San Clemente , the San Onofre nuclear plant 's twin reactors are "  Southern California 's largest and most reliable sources of electricity , " according to Southern California Edison 's website . When operational , the facility -- which is owned by that utility , San Diego Gas and Electric and the city of Riverside -- supplies power for 1.4 million households at any given time . Anti-nuclear activists gathered Friday , not far from where Jaczko , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , and Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , toured the power plant , to question the need for nuclear energy and raise alarms about a potential environmental catastrophe . Gary Headrick , founder of the group San Clemente Green , said that such public pressure was needed in order to guard against a nuclear crisis along the lines of what happened last year at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi plant . "  If we were to let things go as they 've gone in the past , it 's very likely that we 'd experience a Fukushima right here in Southern California , " Headrick said at the rally . "  And that 's why we 're here today . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Anti-nuclear activists warn of a potential environmental catastrophe The San Onofre nuclear plant has been shut down since radioactive gas escaped Officials have said there 's no harm to the public health , but ca n't identify problem 's cause The head of the NRC says the plant wo n't restart until a cause and plan is put forward
CNN  -- Even though Hurricane Irene has been downgraded to a tropical storm , its powerful winds and drenching rain continue to pose danger to people who venture into it , the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency said Sunday . People should "  stay inside , stay safe , " FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate told CNN 's "  State of the Union " program . "  For a lot of folks , the danger still exists . We still will have trees coming down , heavy rain , strong winds . " Hundreds of thousands of people have lost electrical power , and it will take time to get it all restored , Fugate warned . "  I think some people will get power back rather quickly , but other people , it 's going to be days , " he said on the NBC program "  Meet the Press . " In addition , Fugate said anyone evacuated in the storm that made landfall twice -- first in North Carolina on Saturday and again in New Jersey on Sunday -- should avoid returning to their homes until floodwaters have receded and emergency crews have cleared fallen trees and downed power lines . "  Do n't go back yet . Let local officials give you the all clear , " Fugate said .	Fugate says the storm remains dangerous even when downgraded Some people could face a loss of power for days , he says
CNN  -- Police believe a Louisiana man abducted his two young sons early Wednesday after breaking into the Florida home of the children 's grandmother and tying her up . The boys had been removed from the care of Joshua Michael Hakken and his wife , Sharyn Patricia Hakken , last year , and on Tuesday the couple 's parental rights were terminated in Louisiana , investigators say . Hakken , described as an anti-government protester , is believed to be armed , according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office in Tampa . Investigators believe his wife is with him . The sheriff 's office told CNN there have been ongoing issues with Hakken since he attended an anti-government rally somewhere in Louisiana in June of last year . He was arrested at the rally on multiple drug charges , officials said . Louisiana authorities have told Florida investigators that the children were initially placed in temporary foster care after being taken away from the Hakkens . Sometime later , investigators allege , the couple went to the foster care center , armed , and tried unsuccessfully to enter it . At some point over the past few months , the children were sent to Tampa to live with their grandmother , Patricia Hauser , the mother of Sharyn Hakken . "  Somehow they found out where the kids were and an Amber Alert is being issued now , " said Detective Larry McKinnon of the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . Sheriff 's investigators say Hakken entered Hauser 's home at 6:30 a.m. Wednesday . She has told police that he tied her up and fled with the children in her silver 2009 Toyota Camry . That vehicle was found later in the day just a couple of blocks away from the home . The sheriff 's office said the children now could be in a black 2006 GMC pickup registered to Hakken . Authorities said the abducted children are Chase Hakken , 2 , and Cole Hakken , 4 . Both have brown hair and brown eyes and were last seen wearing pajamas . "  We suspect that the wife is with him . He has a history of being armed , " McKinnon said . Investigators have brought in the FBI to help them track the family , who could have left the state of Florida by Wednesday afternoon .	The children had been taken from Joshua and Sharyn Hakken last year , investigators say "  Somehow they found out where the kids were " and took them , a sheriff 's detective says The grandmother was left in the house tied up
CNN  A Michigan family is safe after the minivan they were in became lodged underneath a semi-trailer truck and dragged for 16 miles through a snowstorm . "  I just want to get off the back of this thing , " Pamela Menz can be heard telling a 911 dispatcher . Pamela and Matthew Menz , along with their adult children Justin and Jennifer , were traveling northbound along Interstate 75 early Wednesday morning , when their 2001 Toyota Sienna plowed into the back of the semi . "  The truck driver had no idea they were back there , " Roscommon County Undersheriff Ed Stern said . Matthew Menz , who is a truck driver himself , told the 911 dispatcher the truck was in the middle of the road , "  going about 2 miles an hour , " without flashing hazard lights . There was "  no warning whatsoever , " Matthew Menz told the 911 dispatcher , " I 'm just blown away at how slow the truck was going . " The impact shut down the Menzes ' vehicle , disabling the heater and preventing the family from sounding the horn . A shattered windshield , along with near-whiteout snow conditions , prevented Pamela and Matthew Menz from giving the dispatcher a clear description of the semi or their location . The vehicles were later intercepted by deputies from the Crawford County Sheriff 's Office , an entirely different county from where the incident began , according to a police press release . Justin Menz , 26 , flew forward in his seat when the van hit the semi , causing minor injuries . The family was transported by ambulance for evaluation , but none of their injuries were expected to be serious . Their van , on the other hand , well , that 's another story . "  The van is definitely injured , " Matthew Menz said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	The Menz family minivan collides with semi-truck on I-75 in Michigan Semi drags vehicle , with four passengers inside , for 16 miles in snowstorm "  I just want to get off the back of this thing , " Pamela Menz says on 911 tape
CNN Student News  -- December 6 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan • South Korea • Albania • Israel Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . UNIDENTIFIED STUDENTS : Welcome to CNN Student News with Carl Azuz ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Now that is how you get a show poppin ' ! Thank you gentlemen very much . Welcome , all of you , to a new week of CNN Student News ! I 'm Carl Azuz , and we thank all our viewers from all over the world for tuning in . First Up : Unemployment Report AZUZ : The first Friday of every month , the U.S. government usually announces the current unemployment rate . Bad news : This past Friday 's announcement came as a surprise ; the rate went up to 9.8 percent . It had been 9.6 percent for several months . Some experts were predicting it would stay the same . More than 15 million Americans looking for work , not good news . But there are some people who are actually encouraged by the increase . The unemployment rate only counts people who are actively looking for jobs . So if the rate goes up , it could mean that Americans who 'd stopped looking think they have a better chance of finding work , so they 're back on the job hunt . Still , analysts say it is disappointing the overall job market has n't gotten better . Afghanistan Visit AZUZ : President Obama is back in Washington after a trip to Afghanistan . He made a surprise visit there on Friday , meeting with thousands of U.S. troops . This is his second trip to Afghanistan since he became president . Dan Lothian has more on the president 's time in Afghanistan and why it did n't go exactly as planned . BEGIN VIDEO DAN LOTHIAN , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : It was a secret trip the White House says was in the works for more than a month ; flying into Bagram Air Base for a little more than four hours to salute the men and women who are carrying out the administration 's stepped-up strategy in Afghanistan . BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : This part of the world is the center of a global effort where we are going to disrupt and dismantle and defeat al Qaeda and its extremist allies , and that 's why you 're here . LOTHIAN : But ahead of a mid-December review , what is being called a comprehensive assessment to possibly tweak the president 's policy there , challenges remain . There 's rampant corruption in the Afghan government , highlighted by leaked state department cables in which Ambassador Carl Eikenberry is said to be concerned about "  how to fight corruption when key government officials are themselves corrupt . " And then there is the continued Taliban threat . OBAMA : You 're going on the offense . I 'm tired of playing defense . Targeting their leaders . Pushing them out of their strongholds . LOTHIAN : Mr. Obama had planned on flying to Kabul to meet with President Hamid Karzai and visit U.S. embassy employees . But a storm rolled in with high winds , dust and low cloud cover , so his helicopter trip was canceled , and the Karzai meeting became a 15-minute phone call . The president did visit wounded troops at a base hospital , awarding five Purple Hearts , and met with members of the 101st Airborne Division who lost six members in a deadly attack earlier this week . OBAMA : There are going to be difficult days ahead . Progress comes at a high price . LOTHIAN : Thirteen hundred U.S. troops have been killed in Afghanistan since the war began . This year was especially deadly . The Obama administration plans to start withdrawing troops from Afghanistan in July 2011 , and a stable , reliable government there is key to meeting that deadline . As for whether or not those WikiLeaks documents could cause more problems for the Obama administration , one top aide says that they 've weathered these kinds of revelations in the past and that there 's no secret about the challenges they 're facing in Afghanistan , especially when it comes to corruption in the government there . Dan Lothian , CNN , the White House . END VIDEO Tax Vote in Senate AZUZ : Moving to the legislative branch of U.S. government and the debate over some tax cuts we 've been talking about recently . These are cuts that were made under President George W. Bush . They are set to expire . If they do , it means Americans ' taxes will go up . Everyone seems to be in favor of extending the cuts for families who make less than $ 250,000 a year . The debate is over extending those tax cuts for families that make more money than that . Saturday , the U.S. Senate voted not to extend the cuts for anyone , but Democratic and Republican leaders are hopeful they they can still work out a compromise . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Study 's social studies classes at Shallotte Middle School in Shallotte , North Carolina ! Which of these words means a fee that countries have to pay when they import something ? Is it : A  Default , B  Inflation , C  Subsidy or D  Tariff ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The fee or tax on products that are imported is called a tariff . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Trade with South Korea AZUZ : A new deal between the U.S. and South Korea would get rid of a lot of tariffs . President Obama announced the plan on Saturday . Over the next five years , it would eliminate 95 percent of the tariffs on industrial and consumer products that South Korea imports from the United States . The president says this agreement will mean billions of dollars in American exports and support 70,000 American jobs . Other folks do n't see it that way . In fact , they argue that this trade agreement will actually cost U.S. jobs . The president had hoped to finalize the deal with South Korea when he was in that country last month . There were some disagreements about specific details that caused the delay . Albania Flooding AZUZ : Albania is a country in southeastern Europe . It 's a little smaller than the U.S. state of Maryland , and it 's home to about 3 million people . 12,000 of them have had to leave their homes because of this : massive flooding caused by severe rain . You can see some of the damage in these photos sent in by an iReporter . Huge areas of land are underwater . Thousands of homes have flooded . Officials have declared a state of emergency , and troops and police are helping out in the rescue efforts . Israel Wildfire AZUZ : Israel 's cabinet has promised speedy relief to victims of a deadly wildfire in that country . The prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , says he wants the people who were affected to be able to go back to their homes or to alternative housing within days . The fire broke out on Thursday . It 's killed at least 40 people and injured at least 17 others . As of Sunday , it was still burning in a few places , but authorities said the major sources had been extinguished . Israel is getting help from other countries , including the U.S. , Egypt and Jordan . And Palestinians -- a group that 's often at odds with Israel -- are helping out here too . Sound Check TRENT MITCHELL , SHORECREST HIGH SCHOOL VIDEO TEACHER : You will see the kids walking , you know , kind of looking down and texting away , when there 's 50 kids around them they could be talking to . NICHOLI WYTOVICZ , SHORECREST HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT : I Facebook after I get home from school , and then I do my homework , and then I Facebook some more . MARA HARRIS , SHORECREST HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR : I 'm not on it 24/7 , but I could cut back . I know my mom would love it . Social Experiment AZUZ : All right , if that sounds familiar , we 're all guilty of this at some point or other . As you can see from our stack of smartphones and cell phones right here , technology and social networking are everywhere . But for one week , there 's a school district in Washington state that 's going unplugged as part of a social experiment . And this is what we mean by unplugged : More than 400 students , teachers and staff have promised to give up texting , Twitter , Facebook and cell phones ! The teacher who came up with the idea says people are losing the ability to have face-to-face communication . Students have been promoting the experiment on Facebook . Go figure . All of it starts today . The students who are taking part are on the honor system , but they 've given their cell numbers to teachers who will use "  spies " to try and test them . Blog Report AZUZ : We 're covering this on our blog today ; you probably guessed that already . But about Friday 's blog on a high school football player who got flagged after praying in the end zone , Rebecca says she would not stop pointing to the sky after scoring . She would let go of the ball first , though , since that 's supposedly what triggered the flag . Laurie 's class agreed with dropping the ball first , writing that "  people of faith should be able to show it , but they still have to follow rules . " Salicia , like several of you , talked about the First Amendment and said "  the player had every right to say a prayer . " Look at this : 93 percent of you thought Ronnie Hastie should not have been penalized for what he did . Jackson says it 's offensive on the ref 's part because it 's like he 's saying "  no following religion on a football field . " Ryan says "  the player was n't celebrating ; he was thanking God . As a football player myself , they should get rid of that rule altogether . " Quick reminder for you : We only publish comments with first names ; we only read first names on the show . Before We Go AZUZ : All right , today 's Before We Go segment is about someone who 's just a giant baby . A giant panda baby . Well , he 's kinda cute now . He only weighs about 2 pounds . Just wait 'til he 's full-grown and weighs 200 pounds ! This little guy is just a month old . We 'd like to tell you his name , but he wo n't get that until he 's 100 days old . That 's a tradition in China , where pandas are from . This check-up was to make sure he 's healthy , in good shape , and eating well . Goodbye AZUZ : You know , all the bear essentials . That about cub-bers it for today 's program . We hope you have a great day . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Find out why President Obama 's trip to Afghanistan did n't go as planned Hear how tariffs would be affected by a U.S.-South Korea trade agreement Consider how a social experiment challenges one school district to unplug Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Washington  CNN  -- A series of blog posts on Monday purportedly by Edward Snowden said he leaked classified details about U.S. surveillance programs because President Barack Obama worsened "  abusive " practices instead of curtailing them as he promised as a candidate . In 90 minutes of live online chatting , the person identified as Snowden by Britain 's Guardian newspaper and website insisted that U.S. authorities have access to phone calls , e-mails and other communications far beyond constitutional bounds . While he said legal restrictions can be easily skirted by analysts at the National Security Agency , FBI and CIA , Snowden stopped short of accusing authorities of violating specific laws . Instead , he said toothless regulations and policies were to blame for what he called "  suspicionless surveillance , " and he warned that policies can be changed to allow further abuses . "  This disclosure provides Obama an opportunity to appeal for a return to sanity , constitutional policy , and the rule of law rather than men , " he posted . "  He still has plenty of time to go down in history as the president who looked into the abyss and stepped back , rather than leaping forward into it . " Obama bristles at suggestion he 's shifted on snooping Asked Monday if the NSA was following the online chat , the agency 's press office had no immediate comment . Obama , top legislators and national security officials defend the surveillance programs as necessary to combat terrorism , arguing that some privacy must be sacrificed in a balanced approach . They say the law allows collection of metadata , such as the time and numbers of phone calls , and that a special federal court must approve accessing the content -- listening to the call itself . In the blog posts on Monday , the writer identified as Snowden contended the government 's overbroad collection of information violated rights of innocent Americans who have no links to suspicious activity . Referring to a program that permits broader access to foreign communications than is allowed for domestic monitoring , the writer said authorities sidestep regulations . For example , a phone call from overseas can mean automatic inclusion of a U.S. number in the record-keeping , according to the writer . "  The reality is that ... Americans ' communications are collected and viewed on a daily basis on the certification of an analyst rather than a warrant , " one Snowden post said . "  They excuse this as ` incidental ' collection , but at the end of the day , someone at NSA still has the content of your communications . " Another post warned that restrictions against unauthorized access to the content of communications -- such as listening to phone calls or reading e-mails -- were based on policy rather than technology and therefore "  can change at any time . " CNN poll : Obama numbers plunge into generation gap Snowden said he leaked details of the surveillance programs because Obama campaigned for the presidency on a platform of ending abuses . However , Obama "  closed the door on investigating systemic violations of law , deepened and expanded several abusive programs , and refused to spend the political capital to end the kind of human rights violations like we see in Guantanamo , where men still sit without charge , " a blog post said . Snowden also said that he had to get out of the United States before the leaks were published by the Guardian and Washington Post to avoid being targeted by the government . The U.S. government "  predictably destroyed any possibility of a fair trial at home " by "  openly declaring me guilty of treason , " Snowden said . Snowden , who is believed to be in Hong Kong , also wrote that the truth about surveillance programs he disclosed will come out , and "  the U.S. government is not going to be able to cover this up by jailing or murdering me . " Details on NSA-thwarted plots coming , lawmaker says The blog post rejected accusations that he had or might provide classified information to China , saying he only leaked to journalists and calling such a charge a smear tactic intended to turn public opinion against his effort to provide Americans with full information about how their government monitors them . A CNN/ORC International poll released Monday showed 54 % of respondents did n't approve of Snowden 's admitted actions , while 44 % backed the leaks . Snowden 's father told Fox News that he hoped and prayed his son "  will not release any secrets that could constitute treason . " The father , Lon Snowden , also said he wanted his son to return to the United States "  and face this , " adding "  I love my son . " Snowden , 29 , worked for the NSA through a private contractor firm until May , when he decamped to Hong Kong . He went public earlier this month as the source of articles by the newspapers , saying the agency 's efforts pose "  an existential threat to democracy . " The revelations about the NSA 's collection of millions of records from U.S. telecommunications and technology firms have led to a furious debate within the United States about the scale and scope of surveillance programs that date from the days after the 2001 al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington . Opinion : Did NSA snooping stop ` dozens ' of terrorist attacks ? Defenders say the programs -- approved by Congress after a warrantless surveillance effort under the Bush administration was revealed in 2005 -- have protected American lives by helping agents break up terrorism plots . And they argue that the program is under close oversight by all three branches of government , including the congressional intelligence committees and a court set up under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that hears cases in secret . But Glenn Greenwald , the Guardian columnist who broke Snowden 's story and moderated the chat , said the safeguards placed on the program is "  a very symbolic and empty oversight that really ought not to give the assurances to anybody that these powers are n't being abused . " "  They go once every six months to the FISA court , " he said . "  The FISA court rubber-stamps these vague guidelines that the NSA says they 're using to make sure they 're complying with the law . And once that happens , the NSA can force telecoms and Internet companies to give them whatever they demand under the guise that the FISA court has blessed their guidelines . " Bigger threat : Snowden or NSA ? Critics call the programs an unconstitutional overreach of authority under the Patriot Act , the law that authorized increased government surveillance in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks . In a new development , the Guardian reported Sunday that Britain 's electronic intelligence agency monitored delegates ' phones and tried to capture their passwords during an economic summit held there in 2009 . Targets included British allies such as Turkey and South Africa , the newspaper reported . The Guardian cited documents provided by Snowden . According to the newspaper , the documents show that the British "  signals intelligence " agency GCHQ used "  ground-breaking intelligence capabilities " to intercept calls made by members of the G-20 conference delegations at meetings in London . Facebook , Microsoft disclose information on user data requests Analysts received round-the-clock summaries of calls that were being made , and GCHQ set up Internet cafes for delegates in hopes of intercepting e-mails and capturing keystrokes , the Guardian reported . One briefing slide explained the intercepts would give intelligence agencies the ability to read delegates ' e-mails "  before/as they do , " providing "  sustained intelligence options against them even after  the  conference has finished . " GCHQ is Britain 's equivalent of the secretive NSA in the United States . The Guardian reported that the NSA had attempted to eavesdrop on then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev during the conference as his phone calls passed through satellite links to Moscow and briefed its British counterparts on the effects . The latest report was published on the eve of a smaller economic summit hosted by the British government -- the Group of Eight gathering in Northern Ireland . Shawn Turner , a spokesman for the U.S. Office of the Director of National Intelligence , said Sunday he was aware of the Guardian 's latest report but declined to comment on it . "  What we should be focused on is how irresponsible and egregious these recent leaks are , " he told CNN . "  It 's impossible to know exactly how much damage is being done by these disclosures , but they will have an effect on our counterterrorism efforts . " Cheney defends NSA , calls Obama 's credibility ` nonexistent ' Retired Gen. Michael Hayden , a former NSA director , said on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " that what the agency collects are "  essentially billing records " that detail the time , duration and phone numbers involved in a call . The records are added to a database that agents can query in cases involving a terror investigation overseas , and agents ca n't eavesdrop on Americans ' calls without an order from a secret court that handles intelligence matters , he said . If a phone number related to an investigation has links to a domestic phone number , "  We 've got to go back to the court , " he said . GOP tries to keep focus on IRS targeting scandal However , critics such as Sen. Mark Udall , a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , had raised questions about the scale of the program even before Snowden 's leak . Udall said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday that he does n't believe the program is making Americans any safer , "  and I think it 's ultimately , perhaps , a violation of the Fourth Amendment . " "  I think we owe it to the American people to have a fulsome debate in the open about the extent of these programs , " said Udall , a Colorado Democrat . "  You have a law that 's been interpreted secretly by a secret court that then issues secret orders to generate a secret program . I just do n't think this is an American approach to a world in which we have great threats . " Obama does not feel that he has violated the privacy of any American , his chief of staff , Denis McDonough , said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " McDonough said the president will be discussing the need to "  find the right balance , especially in this new situation where we find ourselves with all of us reliant on Internet , on e-mail , on texting . " Hong Kong rallies in the rain for Edward Snowden CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Matt Smith and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Man said to be Edward Snowden claims Obama has a chance to "  return to sanity " NEW : NSA programs face only "  symbolic " oversight , columnist says Purported Snowden blog post says any possibility of a fair trial has been destroyed Another post says Obama "  deepened and expanded " abusive security programs
CNN  -- The decisive and positive terms of ETA 's response to Monday 's "  Declaration " in Donostia-San Sebastian by the International Conference group is to be welcomed , as is the response of the Spanish government and others . It has taken many years of patient work to get to this point and every effort must be made to build momentum into the process . I first became involved in the efforts to build a peace process in the Basque country at the time of our own peace agreement in 1998 . An Irish priest , Fr . Alex Reid , who I have known for almost 40 years , had played a key role in creating the Irish peace process and he was asked by a priest in that region to bring his expertise to bear . In the years since then , Sinn FÃ © in leaders , including myself , have traveled regularly to the region and met representatives from the Basque country and the Spanish state . It is obvious that many of those in the Basque region who we met are committed to peace and that they have consciously sought to learn from the Irish experience . Almost two years ago a new group Abertzale Left , which includes the banned Batasuna party agreed on a new political strategy for progress . For those familiar with the peace process in Ireland the language used by Abertzale Left is strikingly similar to that used in Ireland . Abertzale Left committed itself to using "  exclusively political and democratic means " to advance its political objectives . And it seeks to advance political change "  in a complete absence of violence and without interference " and "  conducted in accordance with the Mitchell Principles . " These principles were devised by former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell who was chair of the peace negotiations in Ireland . Last Monday I returned to Donostia-San Sebastian in Euskadi for an "  international conference to promote the resolution of the conflict in the Basque Country . " An international group of leaders -- myself , Kofi Annan , Jonathan Powell , Bertie Ahern , Pierre Joxe , and Gro Harland Bruntland -- had been asked to speak on that issue and to set out our view of the next steps needed to encourage a step change in the Basque peace process . In my contribution I pointed out that violence usually occurs when people believe there is no alternative . Transforming a situation from conflict to peace requires creating an alternative . This is hugely challenging . It demands that we seek to understand what motivates , what inspires , what drives our opponent . Each conflict is different but in the course of our efforts Irish Republicans learned that there are general principles of peace-making and methods of conflict-resolution that can be applied elsewhere and which can help end conflict if applied properly . These elements include : dialogue , tackling the causes which lie at the heart of the conflict , a good faith engagement by all sides , an inclusive process with all parties treated as equals and mandates respected . All issues must be on the agenda -- there can be no pre-conditions , no vetoes , and no attempt to pre-determine the outcome or preclude any outcome . And there should be time frames . Most importantly , participants must stay focused and be prepared to take risks and engage in initiatives and confidence-building measures . But if there is a starting point , it must be dialogue . I emphasized this again and again . This is the foundation upon which any progress will be built . Following our deliberations the International Group expressed the opinion that "  it is possible to end , the last armed confrontation in Europe " . We called upon ETA to "  make a public declaration of the definitive cessation of all armed action and to request talks with the governments of Spain and France to address exclusively the consequences of the conflict . " Thursday 's statement meets that requirement . The Spanish government has also welcomed the statement . So , a breakthrough has been achieved , but it must be built upon quickly if its potential is to be achieved . The next steps should now focus on promoting reconciliation , addressing the issue of victims and recognizing that a serious effort has to be made to heal personal and social wounds . There are other issues which will need to be addressed and which can act as confidence-building measures within the process . For example , among these are the issue of prisoners and of demilitarizing the environment and of respecting and acknowledging the democratic rights of all political parties and treating them as equals . And there is for the Basque people the key issue of the right of the people of that historic region to self-determination . As we learned from our own experience , making peace is very difficult . But as the peace processes in Ireland and in South Africa demonstrate , no conflict is intractable . If there is political will and imagination and a preparedness to take risks for peace it is possible to rewrite the script , make progress and achieve agreements . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gerry Adams .	Basque separatist group ETA said Thursday it is laying down its arms Gerry Adams says there are key lessons from Ireland 's experience with peacemaking He says violence usually occurs when people believe there is no alternative Adams : Political will , imagination and courage can make peace possible
CNN  -- If you 're looking to upgrade your car this year , you can ignore fuel injection , turbo charging , power steering and a streamlined chassis -- the new breakthrough that will improve your ride is an iPad . OK , it might be a slight exaggeration to say Apple 's much-vaunted tablet computer is helping re-shape the motor industry , but as manufacturers try to cram more technology into vehicles , they are looking at devices like the iPad to help them . While the dashboards of many cars of today are groaning with gizmos such as satellite navigation , DVD players and MP3 interfaces alongside traditional odometers , tomorrow 's vehicles are likely to replace the lot with a single computer . This year 's Geneva Motor Show saw several new vehicles integrating the iPad into their dashboards , most notably Volkswagen 's classic campervan update , the electric-powered Bulli microbus , and the Pixel microcar produced by Indian manufacturer Tata . CNNMoney gallery : Hot cars of the Geneva Motor Show The iPad installation is part of a wider industry trend to fit Internet-connected computers into vehicles , a move that offers seemingly limitless opportunities for hauling the automobile into the digital age . But in the race to hook drivers up to the Web , there are concerns that the impact these distractions will have on safety are being overlooked . And , as rising fuel prices hike the cost of motoring , will such technology be jettisoned to save cash ? The good news for gadget freaks is that computers are here to stay , says Gary Wallace , of ATX Group -- a leading developer of in-car telematics  devices that send and receive information  . They not only appeal to buyers , he says , but also ensure efficiency . "  People want entertainment options and they want to be able to take what they 're getting on other devices , whether its their laptop or iPad or iPod or smart phone , into the car , " Wallace said . "  And that certainly is a powerful driver for the market . " With an Internet connection , he says , comes the option not only to monitor performance or control certain vehicle functions from a remote desktop , but also to outsource functions like satellite navigation or entertainment to another computer . "  We 're looking at more offboard solutions ; using connectivity into the vehicle to download offboard entertainment instead of trying to jam it into the central stack . You shed weight out of the vehicle which adds to fuel efficiency . " While vehicle manufacturers are starting to experiment with Internet connectivity , full deployment is dependent on the advent of so-called fourth generation -- or 4G -- wireless networks that will permit the data transfer speeds needed by moving vehicles . These networks -- offering downloads up to 10 times faster than 3G systems used by the latest smartphones -- are expected to start rolling out later this year in the United States . Some European countries such as Finland have already begun limited trials . But what about the safety issue ? Do in-car computers mean drivers will be too busy poking their friend on Facebook to pay attention to the road ? Alan Stevens , a research scientist at the independent Transport Research Laboratory in England , says that although vehicle manufacturers take safety very seriously , gadget - thirsty consumers are less conscious of the risks . "  There is certainly an eagerness to bring technology into vehicles because it is something consumers are now looking for -- something like iPod connectors are more important than another air bag , " he said . Says Stevens , the danger is not so much from equipment fitted by manufacturers , but "  after-market " or "  nomadic " devices -- such as cellphones or navigation systems -- bought separately and installed by drivers . For vehicles using iPads or computers running Google 's Android software , this could include apps downloaded without manufacturer 's approval that distract drivers away from the task at hand . "  The point of these Internet devices are they are very attractive , they pull you in and they 're not designed to be tasks that can be easily chunked in half-second glances , " says Stevens . "  It 's partly physical , not looking in the right place , and its partly mental not having enough spare capacity to deal with the unexpected situations . " That said , many technological innovations coming onto the market are concerned with improving vehicle safety . Not least voice-activated functions being developed by several automakers including Ford , which debuted its "  Sync " system at Geneva . There 's more to come , according to Wallace , with cars being developed that can notify insurers as soon as they are involved in accidents , saving money by speeding up the claims process . Systems are also being developed by General Motors and BMW that can alert emergency services , assessing how severe a crash is . These could even be integrated with electronic medical records . But even as technology marches on , not all is here to stay . Wallace says some gadgets , like devices showing real-time traffic data , can fall out of favor . And , like so many tape decks , eight-track cartridges and in-car record players  which briefly existed in the 1950s  before it , the iPad could soon be driving off into the sunset .	New vehicles displayed at Geneva motor show have iPads incorporated into design Industry experts say Internet-enabled computers will replace traditional vehicle gadgets On-board computers likely to be able to dial 911 after collisions
London , England  CNN  -- The British Ministry of Defence Wednesday named the five troops who were killed in Afghanistan in a shooting blamed on a "  rogue " Afghan policeman . They were Warrant Officer 1st Class Darren Chant , Sgt. Matthew Telford , and Guardsman James Major , all of the 1st Battalion The Grenadier Guards , and Royal Military Policemen Acting Cpl. Steven Boote and Cpl. Nicholas Webster-Smith , the ministry said Wednesday . The men were killed in an attack in Afghanistan 's southern Helmand province , the British Ministry of Defence said earlier in the day . The attack happened Tuesday afternoon in the Nad-e ` Ali District of Helmand , the ministry said . All the soldiers died from gunshot wounds sustained in the attack . Initial reports show that it was an Afghan national policeman who initiated the fire on the soldiers , a ministry spokesman told CNN . "  I do n't think that this is the example of a broader picture , but this could be an example of corruption ... or somebody might have been paid , somebody might have had connections , " former Afghan presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah told Sky News about the reports . "  These are the things you can not take care of  individually  . This has to be taken care of by those who are in charge of the police force , " he added . Lt. Col. David Wakefield , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand , expressed his "  deepest sadness " at the deaths . "  Five British soldiers , five of our own , shot down in the course of their duty . They will not be forgotten , " Wakefield said . British Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth also expressed his sadness and condolences , as did British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . "  The death of five brave soldiers in a single incident is a terrible loss , " Brown said in a statement . "  My thoughts , condolences and sympathies go to their families , loved ones and colleagues . I know that the whole country too will mourn their loss . "	Five British soldiers killed in Helmand province , all died from gunshot wounds Soldiers came under fire Tuesday in the Nad-e ` Ali District of Helmand British Ministry of Defense : Initial reports show fire initiated by Afghan national policeman British PM : "  The death of five brave soldiers in a single incident is a terrible loss "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- After years of struggling with depression , Nikki de Toledo killed herself with a prescription drug overdose when she was 27 . She did n't leave a suicide note , but she did leave her 8-year-old son , Kevin . Kevin 's grandparents , Ginette and AndrÃ © de Toledo , immediately took over custody , because Kevin 's father lived abroad and had never been a part of his life . It was n't an easy transition , though . "  It was a very difficult time for my parents because they were n't able to grieve , " said Nikki 's sister , Sylvie . "  They were immediately responsible for raising an 8-year-old who also was grieving in his own way . And it was different than the way my parents were grieving . It was a pretty tough time for our family . " It 's often the grandparents who step up when a parent dies or is unable to take care of a child for other reasons , such as incarceration , abuse or mental illness . In 2011 , there were at least 2.7 million grandparents raising a grandchild in the United States , according to the U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey . But the sudden shift in responsibility can be incredibly stressful . Grandparents may be living on fixed incomes , and the additional dependents can cause costs to soar . There 's also an emotional adjustment when an empty nest is no longer empty . "  When that call comes ... your whole life changes , " Sylvie de Toledo said . "  It 's turned inside out and upside down . " De Toledo said she watched her parents , then in their mid-50s , struggle with their new responsibilities . It affected their marriage and their health . Also , like many children who lose a parent , Kevin had emotional issues that followed him into his teenage years . "  Kevin was a difficult teenager , " said de Toledo , a 58-year-old social worker . "  The trauma and grief and loss of a parent abandoning you , so to speak ... it 's a huge , huge loss . " Around the same time , de Toledo started noticing more of her work clients -- children and grandparents -- dealing with similar challenges . "  The most common thread was that they all felt alone and isolated , " she said . "  They did n't know anyone in the same situation that they were in . " Determined to bring some of these families together , de Toledo began holding a support group for about 10 of them . When attendance began to skyrocket , she started her own nonprofit , Grandparents as Parents , to help more people cope with the process . Today , more than a quarter-century later , there are 20 support groups across Los Angeles , and the nonprofit works with more than 3,000 families a year , providing them with financial assistance , legal advice and emotional support . More than 90 % of the caregivers are grandparents , but the nonprofit also assists aunts , uncles , siblings and close friends who have stepped up to care for children when their biological parents ca n't . "  We are a one-stop shop for relative caregivers , " de Toledo said . "  So many times , the families are completely overwhelmed . The kids come to them with a dirty diaper and a T-shirt that 's way too big for them . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes When someone calls for help , de Toledo is usually the first person they talk to . She listens to their story and then helps them prioritize their needs so the situation is n't so overwhelming . "  It 's sort of like a jigsaw puzzle , " she said . "  You have to figure out how to put the pieces back together to build a whole , happy , healthy individual child . " Lourdes Aguylar called seven years ago when her daughter dropped off three children ages 3 , 9 , and 10 months . Aguylar received immediate assistance -- food , toys and clothes -- and with the group 's help she later became legal guardian of the children . Over the years , the group has also helped provide the children with psychological , educational and medical support . But perhaps most importantly , Aguylar said , they have become part of a larger family -- a group of caregivers and children who back each other . "  You know you 're not the only one , " she said . More on CNN : Grandparents get tech-savvy to keep in touch In addition to weekly support groups , there are monthly picnics for families and friends as well as opportunities for the families to attend events together , such as the theater , amusement parks and sporting events . The nonprofit gets its money through grants , private donations and corporate sponsors , but it also helps grandparents apply for government assistance . de Toledo said many grandparents do n't realize there are special programs that may be available to them . "  We have seen countless families who have maxed out credit cards and used all of their savings before they even ask for help , " she said . Even if they do know there is help out there , many do n't know how to navigate the system and may need help using online systems or filling out paperwork . So de Toledo and her staff or volunteers will walk them through the process . Louise Reaves , 60 , got in touch with de Toledo to help her navigate the court system and get custody and benefits for her young granddaughter . Six years ago , Reaves ' daughter dropped the baby off at her house , promising to return when she got back on her feet ; she has n't come back . "  Sylvie was able to walk me through everything that I needed , " Reaves said . "  I was able to get medical assistance for  my granddaughter  . I was able to get clothing for her ... rent . They helped me get on my feet where I could help myself . " She credits the group with keeping her family together . "  Without me joining  the group  , I do n't know where we would be , " she said . "  I 'm going to be honest with you . I do n't know if  my granddaughter  would be in a group home or a foster home or what . It was rough . " More on CNN : Caregiver lives rerouted , enriched by aging parents De Toledo said her group has kept thousands of children from entering the foster care system , and they 've also kept siblings from being separated . "  We 've literally saved families , " she said . But the true heroes , she said , are the caregivers . "  It 's really the grandparents and the relatives who are doing this that deserve the recognition for putting their own lives on hold , " she said . "  I just was able to plant a seed with something that happened in my own family . ... "  From a family tragedy , something wonderful has happened . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Grandparents as Parents website at www.grandparentsasparents.org and see how to help .	Sylvie de Toledo 's group helps grandparents who are raising their grandchildren In 2011 , there were at least 2.7 million of those grandparents in the United States The added responsibility often comes with financial , emotional challenges Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The doctors , nurses , pharmacists and technicians gathered around her son 's crib , their faces grim . Pamela Gorman knew what they were thinking : Her son , Christopher , was about to die . As a newborn , Christopher Gorman was given little chance of survival . His mom calls his recovery "  a miracle . " Christopher was just a few days old and had a rare blood infection and fungal meningitis , a brain infection . "  I could tell in their eyes they had no hope for my son , " Gorman said . "  They told me to prepare for his death . They told me he might not make it through the night . " Gorman never believed the doctors . In fact , she did something she thinks annoyed these men and women of science : She prayed . She prayed all the time . "  They made me feel ridiculous for praying so much and so hard and leaving it up to God , " said Gorman , who lives in Idaho Falls , Idaho . "  But I told them my son not surviving was not an option . " When he was a month old , Christopher left the hospital . He 's been healthy ever since , she says . He turns 3 next month . "  It was a miracle , " she said . "  There are just things doctors ca n't explain . Doctors are not in control of everything . There 's stuff that happens every day that they ca n't explain . " Empowered Patient : Watch more on faith and medicine " A new study finds that many Americans have that same kind of faith . In the study , 57 percent of randomly surveyed adults said God 's intervention could save a deathly ill family member even if physicians said treatment would be futile . However , just under 20 percent of doctors and other medical workers said God could reverse a helpless outcome . The study was published last month in Archives of Surgery and is one of many to show a "  faith gap " between doctors and patients . "  Patients are scared to death to talk to their doctors about this issue , " said Dr. Harold Koenig , co-director of the Center for Spirituality , Theology and Health at Duke University . Given this gap , how can you discuss God with your physician ? We asked advice from Koenig and two other physicians who study faith and medicine . 1 . It 's OK to ask for a doctor who also has strong religious convictions Koenig suggests this approach when talking to a physician : "  I would say : ` My religious beliefs are very important to me and influence my medical decisions and the way I cope with illness , and I want a doctor who has those same convictions . If you do n't come from that perspective , do you know a doctor you can refer me to ? ' " If you 're a Christian , you might find a like-minded doctor through the ZIP code search at the Christian Medical and Dental Associations . 2 . Do n't be surprised if you find No. 1 difficult to do "  Religion is the last taboo in medicine , " said Dr. Daniel Sulmasy , an internist , a Franciscan friar and director of ethics at St. Vincent 's Hospital and New York Medical College in New York . "  Doctors and patients talk about intimate details like sexual practices and drug use but still have this great reluctance to talk about religion . " Sulmasy suggests not asking directly about the doctor 's own religious beliefs but instead focusing on your own religious needs . 3 . It 's OK to ask your doctor to pray with you According to a 2006 study by the University of Chicago , 53 percent of doctors surveyed said it was appropriate to pray with patients when asked . This can work even when doctor and patient do n't share the same faith . For example , Koenig , who 's Christian , has prayed with Jewish patients . "  In most cases , a general prayer asking for God 's comfort , support and healing will be sufficient , " he said . 4 . Be specific about your religious needs "  If I 'm a Muslim and I come to the point of dying , the hospital might need to relax the visiting rules , because it 's important to have as many people as possible with me as I recite the Quran , " Sulmasy said . "  If I 'm a Buddhist , it may be important to me to hear chant as I 'm dying , " he added . "  If I 'm a Catholic , I may want to receive the Sacrament of the Sick . " 5 . If you believe in miracles , say so "  Get that out in the open , " advised Dr. Robert Fine , an internist and head of clinical ethics and palliative care at Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas , Texas . Confusion may ensue if you do n't , he explains . For example , sometimes doctors think families are against removing life support at the end of life because they do n't understand the medical facts , when they do understand but are waiting for a miracle . "  Once we know that , we can have a discussion about faith , " Fine said . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report .	Recent study found many Americans believe in divine intervention in a medical crisis If faith is important to you , it 's OK to ask for a doctor with similar convictions If you believe in miracles , make sure your health providers know it
On April 2 , CNN will report on the global impact , latest science and controversies related to autism for the first "  World Autism Day . " Watch for coverage on CNN.com and CNN TV . The parents of Hannah Poling , 9 , sought damages after their daughter developed autism . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The parents of a 9-year-old girl with autism said Thursday that their assertion that her illness was caused by childhood vaccines has been vindicated by the federal government 's decision to compensate them . "  We are very pleased with the government 's decision , " Hannah Poling 's father , Dr. Jon Poling , a neurologist in private practice in Athens , Georgia , told reporters Thursday . "  It has been eight difficult and heartbreaking years since our daughter 's injury . " A federal program intended to compensate victims of injuries caused by vaccines concluded last November that Hannah Poling 's underlying illness that had predisposed her to symptoms of autism was "  significantly aggravated " by the vaccinations she received as a toddler and that her family should therefore be compensated . How much the compensation should be has not been decided . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss the Polings ' views " But public health officials quickly countered that the decision in no way supports the couple 's claim . "  The government has made absolutely no statement indicating that vaccines are a cause of autism , " said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in a conference call with reporters . "  This does not represent anything other than a very specific situation and a very sad situation as far as the family of the affected child . " Parents should continue to get their children immunized , she said : "  This is proven to save lives . " The decision by the Department of Health and Human Services ' Division of Vaccine Injury Compensation had been sealed and was made available to the public only recently , when it was posted on an autism advocacy group 's Web site . I-Report : Are you living with autism ? Tell us your story Hannah , who was born in December 1998 , was "  precocious " during her first 18 months , said her mother , Terry Poling . She said her daughter had been recruited in the spring of 2000 to participate as a peer in a program for children with disabilities . But within 48 hours after receiving nine routinely administered childhood vaccines in July 2000 , the girl 's health rapidly declined , she said . Terry Poling said her daughter stopped eating , failed to respond to verbal stimuli and became prone to episodes of screaming and high fever . Watch more from Terry Poling at the news conference "  We knew something was wrong , " said the registered nurse , who was then working as a trial attorney . More disturbing behavior followed , including staring at lights , running in circles , looking at fans -- all symptoms of autism , she said . "  When my husband saw this , his heart just broke , " Terry Poling said . "  We knew that Hanna 's beautiful , inquisitive mind was n't coming back , " said Dr. Poling , who gave up his job at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore for private practice , which offered him more time with this family . Terry Poling gave up her job as a trial attorney to take care of her daughter full time . Watch more from Terry Poling at the news conference " That summer , Hannah did indeed participate in the early intervention program , but "  instead of being a peer that year , she was one of the multi-intensive needs children , " Terry Poling said . In 2002 , the couple filed their case with what is known as the vaccine court , alleging that the vaccines caused her autism . In addition , she was diagnosed with a disorder of the mitochondria , the powerhouses of the cell , Jon Poling said . The fact that his wife also has the disorder yet displays no signs of autism suggests that his daughter 's symptoms are not genetically caused , he said . Watch Dr. Jon Poling explain how Hannah 's condition unfolded " Instead , he said , Hannah 's inborn mitochondrial problem may have been aggravated either by the vaccines or by the vaccine preservative thimerosal , which contains mercury , he said . Numerous studies have shown no link between illness and the vaccines , public health officials have long contended . In 2007 , the case , which had been consolidated with other claims , was designated as a potential test case , said the Polings ' lawyer , Cliff Shoemaker . But last fall , shortly before a deadline for expert testimony to be filed , the government conceded the link between the vaccines and the girl 's injury and moved the case to the damages phase , he said . Though the family would be willing to make public the facts of the case , the rules of the court do not allow that , Shoemaker said . "  To the extent that their story is familiar to countless other families of autistic children , if this offers any hope or comfort to those parents , then they will be satisfied , " he said about his clients . He noted that nearly 5,000 other autism claims are pending in the court , which was set up in the 1980s to pay for vaccine-related injuries . "  Our primary concern is our daughter 's welfare , " said Jon Poling , who added that he felt "  compelled to share information with all the other families out there who are wondering what this case means to them . " Shoemaker said his clients do not oppose vaccines . "  What we are all in favor of is safe vaccines , " he said , calling for the removal of thimerosal from all vaccines . "  If there is any question or doubt , then it should not be there . " Thimerosal was removed from infant vaccines as a precaution following a 1999 agreement involving the Public Health Service , the American Academy of Pediatrics and vaccine manufacturers , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . Meanwhile , the Autism Omnibus Proceedings are expected to resume in May , with evidence about thimerosal . The CDC estimates one in 150 U.S. children is born with autism . The CDC , American Academy of Pediatrics , Institute of Medicine and other prestigious medical organizations maintain there is no known link between vaccines and autism . Studies published in the New England Journal of Medicine and elsewhere also have found no link . Even after thimerosal was removed from infant vaccines , the autism rate has continued to climb . E-mail to a friend	Parents say compensation for daughter 's illness vindicates their claim Parents contend childhood vaccines caused girl 's autism CDC chief : Government not saying that vaccines cause autism In decision , vaccines found to have aggravated genetic condition
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Russian naval ship rescued a Dutch container vessel under attack by suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden , the head of the International Maritime Bureau said Wednesday . The Liberian-flagged oil tanker Sirius Star was recently released by pirates off Somalia . Two or three pirate speedboats were chasing the Dutch ship , with the goal of boarding it , when the Russians intervened , said Capt. Pottengal Mukundan , director of the International Maritime Bureau in London . He said the pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship , but no injuries were reported . The incident occurred about midday Tuesday . The Russians chased one of the speedboats but the pirates got away , Mukundan said . He said he did not know where the Dutch ship was headed . "  It is important that the naval vessels continue to respond robustly to these pirates , " he said . Watch how attacks peaked in 2008 " Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern , prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas . The Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea . About 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route near Somalia each year . Most of the attacks are blamed on pirates based in largely lawless Somalia , a country racked by poverty and conflict . Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with a pirate According to the United Nations , there were 115 reported pirate attacks off the Somali coast in 2008 , including 46 successful hijackings . Read blog on how CNN contacted a pirate The troubling rise in Somali piracy has led the United Nations to step up efforts to tackle the crime . The first U.N. group to address piracy met Wednesday in New York . Mark Kimmitt , U.S. assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs chaired the "  contact group " of two dozen nations and five multi-national organizations . He said the group was formed to "  establish a counter-piracy coordination mechanism , " and the members believe more can be done to halt piracy . Still , Kimmitt noted that less than one percent of manifests off the Somali coast are attacked by pirates and only 50 percent of those have crew and passengers taken hostage . The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution in December expanding counter-piracy measures off the Horn of Africa , including a stipulation that allows national and regional military forces to chase pirates onshore in Somalia when in "  hot pursuit . "	NEW : First United Nations group to address piracy meets in New York Two or three speedboats were chasing the Dutch container ship , IMB says IMB : The pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship Hijackings off East Africa have led international navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden
CNN  -- More than 50,000 people in 2011 were arrested in New York City for possessing small amounts of marijuana -- the majority of whom were black and Latino -- at a considerable judicial and financial cost . New York City spends about $ 75 million every year on arresting people for recreational marijuana possession . But what many people do n't know is that the state decriminalized this offense more than 30 years ago , making private possession of less than 25 grams of marijuana a violation punishable by a $ 100 fine . Possession of the same amount in public view remains a criminal misdemeanor . Despite this change in law , arrests for small quantities of marijuana over the last decade have skyrocketed , with more than 400,000 people arrested and unceremoniously run through the criminal justice system . Marijuana possession is now the No. 1 arrest category in New York . Why is this happening ? Each year , hundreds of thousands of people in New York are stopped , questioned , frisked and searched , often without justification , under the "  stop and frisk " policy . The vast majority of these people live in communities of color , and almost 90 % are immediately released without arrest or even a summons . Often , however , the police approach young people and instruct them to empty their pockets immediately and show the officers anything they have . People who have a small quantity of marijuana in their pockets take it out and hold it up . The marijuana is now in public view . Thousands of people are then arrested and charged with misdemeanor possession , punishable by up to three months in jail and a $ 500 fine . Given the change of law in 1977 , had the marijuana remained in the person 's pocket , possession would not have been a crime at all . But in complying with a police officer 's request , otherwise noncriminal behavior is instantly transformed into an arrest and unceremonious journey through the criminal justice system . This is fundamentally unfair . Many view it as classic entrapment . A majority of these arrests happen only in certain neighborhoods . Indeed , compounding the injustice is the fact that 85 % of the people arrested are black and Latino . Yet studies consistently show that younger and affluent whites use marijuana in equal if not greater numbers . The consequences of an arrest are severe , especially for young people of color who are already disproportionately subjected to criminal justice system intervention and incarceration . An arrest creates serious barriers to going to college or getting a job , and that person 's future may begin to spiral downward . The damage to police and community relations can not be overstated . Another serious problem is that these needless and inappropriate arrests detract from arresting and prosecuting serious criminals . Millions of dollars in law enforcement resources are wasted . Thousands of lives are damaged with the contamination of having a criminal record . But New York is prepared to take a significant step forward to solve this problem . With the leadership of Gov. Andrew Cuomo , we are on the brink of finishing the job that the state Legislature started in 1977 . We want to reduce the classification of possession of small quantities of marijuana in plain view from a misdemeanor to a violation . Justice demands this change . The possession of small quantities of marijuana is either a crime or it is not . But it can not be criminal activity for one group of people and socially acceptable behavior for another when the dividing line is race . The connected and powerful -- including many in high political office -- have frequently admitted to smoking marijuana when they were young . We did n't unmercifully penalize them . We should stop needlessly criminalizing tens of thousands of our young people for doing the same thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hakeem Jeffries .	In 2011 , 50,000 mostly black and Latino people arrested in New York for having a little pot Hakeem Jeffries : Carrying a small amount is not a crime , but having it in public view is Jeffries : Police order people to empty pockets , and if they take out pot , it is now in public view Jeffries says the marijuana penalty needs to be reduced and law changed
CNN  -- This year 's session , with fiscal cliff negotiations and lively nomination controversies , is anything but lame . But it 's still a lame-duck Congress . Just how did a meeting of one Congress that occurs after a new one is elected but not yet sworn-in get that name ? We 're slow roasting the answers to those questions and serving them up by the numbers : What is a ` lame duck ' ? 18th Century - The term "  lame duck " originates in Great Britain to describe a bankrupt businessman . 1830s - The term "  lame duck " arrives in the United States , but is used to describe politicians on their way out of office , rather than businessmen . 85 - The number of current members of Congress who are lame ducks . History 17 weeks - The length of time between November elections and inauguration on March 4th , prior to the 20th Amendment being ratified in 1933 . This led to many problems , such as President-elect Abraham Lincoln being unable to deal with the secession of seven states during the long gap between his election and inauguration . 2 - The number of times a lame duck House of Representatives chose the president and vice president in disputed elections . This occurred in 1800 and 1824 . 1932 - The year that humorist Will Rogers said : "  An awful lot of people are confused as to just what is meant by a lame duck Congress . It 's like where some fellows worked for you and their work was n't satisfactory and you let 'em out , but after you fired 'em , you let 'em stay long enough so they could burn your house down . " The 20th Amendment 1923 - Senator George Norris of Nebraska proposes the 20th Amendment , moving the start date of Congress from March 4th to January 3rd . The Senate passes it 63-6 . 1932 - After nine years of delays , the House also passes Norris ' amendment , 336-56 . 1933 - The 20th Amendment to the Constitution is ratified . 19 - Number of lame duck sessions of Congress since the ratification of the 20th Amendment . Prior to the ratification of the 20th Amendment , every second session of Congress from the first to the 73rd was technically a lame duck session . 10 - Number of these sessions from 1940 to 1992 . 9 - Number of these sessions from 1994 to 2012 . There was no lame duck session in 1996 . 1 day - The shortest lame duck session , which took place on December 31 , 1948 . 58 days - The longest lame duck session , which took place in the Senate from November 7 , 1940 to January 3 , 1941 . Noteworthy lame duck sessions 1954 - The year the Senate holds a lame duck session to censure Wisconsin Sen. Joseph McCarthy . 1974 - Nelson Rockefeller is confirmed as vice president . 1982 - The House votes to give its members a retroactive pay raise . The lame duck session is especially contentious , leading Senator Edward Kennedy to say , "  We have accomplished precisely nothing of any value . " Representative Leon Panetta also remarked , "  Frankly , we all look like fools . " 1994 - Congress passes legislation on the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade  GATT  . 1998 - The House of Representatives holds a lame duck session and votes to impeach President Bill Clinton . 2002 - The Department of Homeland Security is established . 2010 - A compromise tax bill is passed , "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " is repealed , and a new START treaty with Russia is approved .	1830s - The term "  lame duck " arrives in the United States 1998 - The House votes to impeach President Bill Clinton during a lame-duck session 2 - The number of times a lame duck House chose the president and vice president in disputed elections 1982 - The lame duck session in which the House votes to give members a pay raise
CNN  -- A massive typhoon crept across central Philippines on Sunday , sending thousands of people into shelters and pouring heavy rain that heightened the risk of flooding and landslides . Typhoon Hagupit -- its name means "  lash " in Filipino -- moved west-northwest and targeted the city of Legazpi , just north of where the storm made landfall on Saturday . CNN 's Saima Mohsin , reporting from Legazpi on Sunday , said shelters were full as high winds and driving rain battered the city . One of the city 's major fears is a storm surge that could reach 2-4 meters  6.5 to 13 feet  . With memories of last year 's devastating super typhoon fresh in their minds , more than 600,000 people had evacuated by Saturday morning , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . About 40 million people are in the path of the storm 's winds . Gen. Gregorio Catapang , chief of staff of armed forces , said at a Sunday press conference that soldiers were working to clear roads and airports so that emergency services could be delivered . Eleven nations had offered assistance , including the Australia , the United States , China , Japan and the United Kingdom . CNN meteorologist Derek Van Dam said that the storm is actually breaking up over the land mass of the Philippines , but will continue to pour heavy rain . He said 395 mm  15.5 inches  of rain were reported in Bororgan in 24 hours . Hagupit is moving slowly on its west-northwest track , at 15 kph  9.3 mph  . At that rate , it will take about three days for the storm to travel past the capital , Manila , dumping extreme amounts of rainfall -- more than a foot in some places -- as it goes . Expected to lose some punch by Manila Hagupit should be significantly weaker by the time it reaches Manila , but winds will still be higher than 100 kph  60 mph  . The biggest threat in the capital will come from the heavy rainfall . That will lead to flash flooding and mudslides , even in places far away from the storm 's center . Despite the threats of danger , a CNN crew in Legazpi saw many residents who were ignoring evacuation orders and vowing to stay in their makeshift beachside homes . "  I think we can handle the situation . If or when it gets worse , we 'll go to the evacuation center , " one man said . "  We 've been here 25 years and seen many typhoons , " said a woman at the coast . "  This one already feels stronger than Typhoon Haiyan , but we wo n't leave yet . " The typhoon came ashore on eastern Samar Island just before 10 p.m.  9 a.m. ET  with winds of 205 kph  127 mph  -- the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane . Town ravaged last year escapes major damage One city farther south breathed a sigh of relief on Sunday . In Tacloban , the streets were empty because residents had already evacuated . Last year , super typhoon Haiyan devastated Tacloban , killing more than 6,000 people and making around 200,000 people homeless . Mayor Alfred Romualdez told CNN the city is without power but he 's seen only minor damage with broken windows and trees down . Many roads were flooded , but not impassable . About 48,000 people have moved to evacuation centers , he said ; there have been no casualties . CNN 's Asia-Pacific editor Andrew Stephens , reporting from Tacloban , said there was no storm surge . "  The main emotion here is one of relief , " he said . Fishermen fears typhoon will "  destroy everything " "  There was a lot of preparation , " Orla Fagan , spokeswoman for the United Nations humanitarian agency OCHA , told CNN . "  I think that the lessons learned were very hard ones in Tacloban ... because there were so many lives lost , and I think they 've really taken cognizance this time and really made an all-out effort everywhere to bring people to safety . " Philippines gets more than its share of disasters CNN 's Madison Park and CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : Threat of flooding rises as the typhoon moves slowly across country Mayor of Tacloban says 48,000 people moved to shelters About 40 million people are in the path Storm should be weaker by the time it reaches Manila on Monday
CNN  -- Growing up in Massachusetts , Joshua Pahigian was an automatic Red Sox fan , and going to Fenway Park was akin to a religious experience , with observed rituals . "  I would always order a sausage outside Fenway Park and wait for batting practice homers to fly over the ` Green Monster , ' " said Pahigian , author of "  The Ultimate Baseball Road-Trip : A Fan 's Guide to Major League Stadiums " and "  101 Baseball Places to See Before You Strike Out . " Now , he goes about the stadium experience a little differently . The only hard and fast rule for Pahigian : Never leave early . Staying until the very last out , like his father taught him , has created memories Pahigian will never forget . He will always cherish seeing the Mo Vaughn-driven Red Sox come back in the ninth inning on Opening Day 1998 , but he 'd like to erase that time the Sox lost to the New York Yankees , 22-1 . Below , Pahigian shares his favorite stadiums and why you should take in a game at one of these parks . Fenway Park , Boston It comes with the territory of being a Red Sox fan . "  I spent my summers making journeys into Fenway Park as early as 5 years old with my father , later with my college friends and then with my wife , " Pahigian said . "  I 'm prone to favoring older parks , and I love Fenway for that classic ballpark experience . " But Pahigian claims he does n't let his team allegiance cloud his stadium judgment . "  Before I 'm a Red Sox fan , I 'm a baseball fan . " New Yankee Stadium , New York By rights , Pahigian should n't like anything associated with the Yankees . But their updated stadium is worthy of admiration , no matter what team colors you bleed . "  They really did an incredible job with that place , " Pahigian said . "  They spent $ 1.5 billion , which to me was inconceivable , but it looks amazing . It 's really a palace . The façade outside is incredible , and all of the fan amenities and the sightlines are great . " Wrigley Field , Chicago A fan of old-time parks rich with history , tradition and baseball lore , Pahigian enjoys the ivy-covered walls of Wrigley Field for the traditional experience the stadium offers fans . Like with Fenway Park , taking in a game at Wrigley Field is a must for any baseball fan , just for the honor of sitting in the 98-year-old stadium . Camden Yards , Baltimore A newer stadium built in Baltimore in the early '90s , Camden Yards brings together the best of the classic and modern baseball worlds in Pahigian 's book . "  There 's something to be said for the so-called retroclassic ballparks that try to capture the aesthetics of the old-time yards but meld them with the fan conveniences and modern amenities that people expect , " Pahigian said . "  This is the one that started the whole trend away from the multipurpose cookie-cutter stadiums and toward the baseball-specific old-time yards . " PNC Park , Pittsburgh Pahigian likes PNC Park for its potential as a stage for baseball history , along with the current Pittsburgh Pirates roster . "  It 's kind of a dark horse , and it 's a small park , " Pahigian said . "  But if the Pirates can have a contending team , I think it 's a park that could get the credit it deserves for being pretty well-done . " Exploring baseball lore If the history of the game is what captivates you most , go on your own treasure hunt for the relics of former stadiums . Pahigian recommends these three quirky locations . • Venture onto the University of Pittsburgh campus to relive a moment of baseball glory . Although Forbes Field has been replaced with academic buildings , the brick wall where Bill Mazeroski 's famous home run beat the Yankees in the 1960 World Series still stands , field markers indicating the feet markings of the outfield . Home plate remains in its original spot , ensconced in the floor beneath glass . • If you 're enjoying a day at the amusement park within the Mall of America in Bloomington , Minnesota , look up high next to the log ride . Yes , that 's a stadium chair mounted on the wall , in its original location from when the Minnesota Twins ' Harmon Killebrew hit the longest home run in old Metropolitan Stadium history . • In the early 1900s , when the Cleveland Indians were known as the Cleveland Spiders , they played in League Park . "  There 's still a nice stretch of the old façade standing at the front of the stadium and the ticket office , " Pahigian said . "  From the big league parks to the minor league parks to the now-abandoned parks that are standing in part , there are so many wonderful baseball sites out there , " Pahigian said . "  Each one , from the nicest brand-new park to the most decrepit minor league yard out there , they all give me a special tingle when I walk through the ballpark gates . "	Baseball author shares his favorite stadiums and why they stand the test of time Wrigley Field and Fenway Park are testaments to classic old-time baseball parks Camden Yards , PNC Park and the New Yankee Stadium provide a modern experience
CNN  -- The Japanese government has criticized former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's acknowledgment of a "  territorial dispute " with China over islands in the East China Sea , with the defense minister going so far as to use the word "  traitor . " On his four-day private visit to China , Hatoyama told reporters in Beijing on Wednesday , "  The Japanese government says there are no territorial disputes  between the two countries  . But if you look at history , there is a dispute . " The remarks contradict his own government 's position of indisputable territorial sovereignty over the islands that it calls Senkaku and that China calls Diaoyu . "  If his  Hatoyama 's  remarks have been politically used by China , I 'm unhappy , " Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera said on television Thursday . "  At that moment , the word of ` traitor ' arose in my mind . " Dangerous waters : Behind the islands dispute The day after his controversial remarks , Hatoyama , 66 , and his wife visited the Nanjing Memorial , which is for the estimated 300,000 people killed in a 1937 massacre by Japanese forces . He is the third former Japanese prime minister to visit the memorial , following predecessors Toshiki Kaifu and Tomiichi Murayama . The tribute for Chinese victims stands in contrast to visits by Japanese officials , including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and predecessor Junichiro Koizumi , to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo , which is dedicated to Japan 's war dead , including war criminals . "  In the eyes of the Chinese public ,  Hatoyama 's  visit is very valuable and undermines those in China who argue that all Japanese suffer from amnesia about wartime misdeeds , " said Jeff Kingston , director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan . "  I think this mission is an effort by him to introduce a different tenor into bilateral relations , to show it 's not all about saber-rattling , " he added . Chinese media extensively covered Hatoyama 's "  apology for Japan 's wartime crimes , " with pictures of the Hatoyamas bowing and paying silent tribute at the site . On social media , the visit triggered wide discussions . According to an online poll by Phoenix Online  iFeng  , 80 % of the more than 222,000 people who voted said Hatoyama 's visit did not have much political significance , as compared with German Chancellor Willy Brandt 's kneeling before the Warsaw Ghetto Memorial in 1970 . In another question , nearly two-thirds of 140,000 people surveyed said the visit by a former leader would n't set an example for a fellow Japanese politician . CCTV commentator Yang Yu , however , praised Hatoyama and urged the Chinese to "  remember the unusual kindness due to its scarcity , " saying via Weibo , the microblogging site , "  We have reprimanded Japan too many times for not acknowledging the massacre . " The official account from Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency , warned that the nationalism of people who "  scold any Japanese they see ... is in fact leading the country to distress . " An editorial by the government-run Global Times said that "  China should n't change its policy to Japan just because Hatoyama , a politician currently out of office , gave a few words of friendship . " Grievances over World War II atrocities added fuel to violent anti-Japanese protests in China in September , particularly on the anniversary of the 1931 Japanese invasion of China . And it is not a coincidence , Kingston said , that a Chinese plane entered airspace over the disputed islands -- prompting Japan to scramble fighter jets -- on December 13 , the 75th anniversary of the massacre . It was the first time that the territorial dispute involved planes . "  The next day on the front page of the newspapers were the images of the  Nanjing  Memorial ceremony and the planes , " Kingston said . The dispute over the islands stems from 1895 , when , at the end of the Sino-Japanese war , Japan annexed them . China has said that the islands have been its territory for the last five centuries . CNN 's Steven Jiang and Dayu Zhang in Beijing and Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Hatoyama contradicts Japan 's position of indisputable territorial sovereignty over islands Japan calls disputed islands Senkaku ; China claims them as "  Diaoyu " Hatoyama and his wife visited the Nanjing Memorial for victims of 1937 massacre Chinese media covered extensively his "  apology for Japan 's wartime crimes "
CNN  -- Moammar Gadhafi 's exit from Libya is a reminder that the Arab awakening will not just fizzle out , despite what some observers are saying . Recently , commentators pointed to the public cheers heard in Egypt as the army pushed protesters out of Tahrir Square as a signal that the uprisings were petering out and the hope of the Arab Spring would soon be lost . The doomsayers were wrong . Indeed , the uprisings are entering a difficult but inevitable phase where the two sides -- the protesters and the leaders -- are at a loss on how to proceed . The protesters , on one hand , still have no leadership and have yet to translate their protests into any coherent political and economic reform program . With initial objectives in Egypt and Libya met -- the overthrow of dictators that ruled over them for years -- they have not been able to move into the next phase of building an alternative system of governance . Their message is dying out , and regular people , who are relieved that Hosni Mubarak and Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali are gone , want to see their countries move beyond street protests that are starting to upset their already difficult economic situations . This is what lies ahead in Libya . On the other hand , the one party able to lead a gradual reform process -- ironically the ruling elite , such as the military in Egypt -- is largely unwilling to embark on a process that would slowly rid itself of its privileges and install a pluralistic , stable and prosperous system based on merit rather than patronage . No one should be surprised by this . Ruling establishments in the Arab world have always made sure that political parties and civil society organizations are either suppressed or outlawed . There are few alternative leaders and systems . In such an atmosphere , organized parties like the Muslim Brotherhood , which commands about 20 % of the popular vote in Egypt , will be sure to use their organizational and mobilization skills to gain political representation that will exceed their popular strength . The ruling elite , fearful of this , will naturally resist opening up political systems and resort to economic and security measures in a desperate attempt to stem the tide of change . But the only way to deal with opposition parties that are not totally committed to democracy is to gradually open up the political systems to real alternatives , instead of casting all protest votes against the ruling systems in favor of the Islamists . After the Arab public has a sense of what freedom feels like , it will not accept the replacement of secular autocrats by religious ones . It would be wrong to assume that because of these difficulties , the uprisings will fizzle or die down . What has taken place in the Arab world is the start of a genuine and permanent process of change where the average citizen suddenly discovered real power . Although the ability to effect change peacefully is a new phenomenon in the Arab world , it is a wave that will only grow . Organizations such as al Qaeda are the first to lose , having unsuccessfully preached violence . But so will ruling establishments , if they do n't internalize the new reality and lead a serious reform process that redistributes power among the executive , legislative and judicial branches . The only way to keep power in the Arab world from now on will be to share it . The process of change is one that will take decades to unfold , it wo n't be linear , and it will undergo many seasons , multiple times over . But it is irreversible . During a recent trip to Jordan , I was most struck by a young generation no longer afraid to talk about all the issues relating to their future , and talk openly without taboos . This generation is not willing to live by the rules their parents faced , nor afraid of the powerful intelligence services in making their views known . Both sides are wrong , however , to stick to tactics that do n't work anymore . Protesters need to start organizing themselves into political parties , develop programs and build constituencies . They need to shift from starting change to institutionalizing it . Otherwise , they will be unable to maintain public support . Ruling elites should n't conclude that the status quo can be maintained because public support for protests seems to be wavering . They need to understand that they can not push aside opposition parties like the Muslim Brotherhood , act as if they do n't exist or deal with them through security measures . Both ruling establishments and the protesters need to know that they have to engage in constituent politics . Even with a quick change in Libya , the short-term future will be messy , very bumpy and undoubtedly feature lots of mistakes and missteps . But waiting and doing nothing is no longer an option . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marwan Muasher .	Marwan Muasher : Doomsayers who say Arab Spring is petering out are wrong ; it is irreversible Muasher : Elites and protesters are at an impasse , need to move toward consensus building Protesters need political parties and programs , he says , and elites must reform It will be hard , he says , but the only way ahead in the Arab world is a sharing of power
Billboard  The key to rock 's longevity is it never defines itself into irrelevance . So while there were some loud , dirty guitars at the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in Cleveland on Saturday night , there was as much recognition for rock 's antecedents in soul and blues , speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that 's beyond words . It 's easy to talk of such spirit when Paul McCartney is there to honor Ringo Starr , and Yoko Ono is on hand as well . Speaking briefly backstage , Ono expressed feeling that it was wonderful for Starr to be honored , "  just sad John and George are n't here , " referring to her late husband John Lennon and Beatles guitarist and fellow songwriter George Harrison . Starr was certainly happy to be there -- after a long wait , he 's the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act . "  I 've finally been invited , and I love it , " said the 74-year-old drummer . "  I got lucky , and it was actually in Cleveland , " he said to enormous applause . Fifty-one years earlier , Starr had been in town to play the very same Hall ; he admitted backstage that he did n't remember the cops stopping the show during "  All My Loving " and making the Beatles return to the dressing room for ten minutes until the fans could be calmed . Starr said in a backstage interview that he could n't recall the incident specifically , but admitted that there had been a lot of shows in between . "  I 'll remember this one , " he promised . Others receiving Rock Hall honors included Paul Butterfield Blues Band , early soul act The 5 Royales , singer Bill Withers , punk rockers Green Day , Lou Reed , Joan Jett & the Blackhearts and Stevie Ray Vaughan . It was a night for the young to honor the old and perhaps prepare for a later visit . John Mayer hailed his longtime idol , the late Vaughan , in a heartfelt speech . John Legend came out to honor Bill Withers with a performance of "  Use Me " backed by Stevie Wonder , who inducted Withers . The two then shared "  Lean on Me , " until Legend went and pulled Withers to the front of the stage to join them . Beck , Yeah Yeah Yeahs , Bill Withers , Seymour Stein hit Rock Hall 's weekend festivities The 76-year old soul legend has n't performed live in many years but had hinted in the months leading up to the induction ceremonies that he might sing once more . Withers sounded great , though he may have an even brighter future in stand-up . "  This has got to be the biggest AA meeting -LSB- in the -RSB- Western hemisphere , " said Withers , alluding to an earlier moment in the show when Jimmie Vaughan confessed , "  I taught my brother guitar , and he taught me how to get sober . " He called being inducted by Wonder , "  A lion holding the door for a kitty cat . " The moment of relative levity was welcome after moving tributes paid to the late Lou Reed by Patti Smith and Reed 's widow , music artist Laurie Anderson , who shared the three rules for life that they came up with : "  One : do n't be afraid of anyone ; Two : get a really good b ------ t detector and learn how to use it ; Three : be really , really tender . " Smith had to push back tears on at least three occasions . She recalled a night when they wound up in the same hotel and Reed invited her up . She found him in the tub dressed in black and she sat on the toilet and talked with him . Green Day was inducted by Fall Out Boy , who referenced the length of some of the speeches . Cracked Fall Out Boy frontman Patrick Stump : "  I feel like I 'm in a line at the DMV . " As one of the youngest acts , it 's not surprising they gave one of the two most exciting performances of the evening . Rock Hall induction ceremony : Lou Reed ` would be amused , ' says sister The other belonged to Tom Morello , Doyle Bramhall II and Zac Brown with harmonica player Jason Ricci performing "  Born in Chicago " in tribute to the Paul Butterfield Blues Band . Not only did Ricci slay , but Morello played a nasty scabrous solo that raised the hairs on your arm , it was so alive . Miley Cyrus inducted Joan Jett in her own inimitable way , recalling a time she walked in on Jett smoking pot and being so turned on by her strength , wisdom and soul that the young pop star wanted to have sex with the legendary rocker . Jett joined the Blackhearts and Foo Fighters ' Dave Grohl for a mini-set that include such classics as "  Bad Reputation , " the Runaways ' "  Cherry Bomb " and "  Crimson and Clover , " the Tommy James & the Shondelles cover that Jett took to No. 1 . It was that kind of a night , and it closed with a rousing version of the Beatles ' "  I Want to Be Your Man , " where just about everybody who could make it out on stage did , including a near-end guitar scrum/lead-off between Gary Clark Jr. , Morello , Zac Brown and Yeah Yeah Yeahs ' Nick Zinner . © 2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	Paul McCartney honors Ringo Starr at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony Green Day , Lou Reed , Joan Jett & the Blackhearts also honored
When Bob Dylan 's self-titled debut LP hit shelves on March 19 , 1962 , it did n't sound anything like the popular music of the time . It was the height of "  The Twist " dance craze , and 11 songs on the Billboard Hot 100 chart had the word "  twist " in the title , including "  Dear Lady Twist " by Gary U.S. Bonds , "  Twistin ' The Night Away " by Sam Cooke , "  Hey , Let 's Twist " by Joey Dee and the Starlighters , " "  Twistin ' Postman " by the Marvelettes and "  Alvin Twist " by the Chipmunks .  A new California group called the Beach Boys reached a new high of Number 77 that week with their first single , "  Surfin . ' " To most of America , the Kingston Trio were the embodiment of folk music . The clean-cut , sweet-voiced California group hit Number 25 that week with their cover of Pete Seeger 's "  Where Have All The Flowers Gone ? " Dylan was also a fan of Seeger 's , but he sounded nothing like the Kingston Trio . The 20-year old singer-songwriter from Hibbing , Minnesota had been playing the coffee houses in New York for a little over a year , mostly singing traditional folk songs in a nasal voice that was virtually impossible to imagine hearing on the radio . It was Columbia record executive John Hammond who saw the huge potential in Dylan . The 51-one year old , who famously discovered Billie Holiday and countless other jazz legends , became acquainted with Dylan when he played harmonica at a recording session with folk singer Carolyn Hester . They met during a rehearsal in a Greenwich Village apartment . "  We were all seated around a kitchen table , and John was seated next to Bob , " Hester recalled to Dylan biographer Howard Sounes in his book "  Down The Highway : The Life of Bob Dylan . " "  Bob starts in on the harmonica and John turns and looks at him and could n't take his eyes off the great character . " His interest grew when he learned that Dylan wrote his own songs . Right around that time , Dylan opened up for the Greenbriar Boys at Gerde 's Folk City and earned a rave review in the New York Times by pop writer Robert Shelton . Hammond did n't need any more convincing ; on October 25 , 1961 , he signed Dylan to a five-year contract . A little more than a month later , they entered the studio together to record Dylan 's first album . They cut the whole thing in just six hours  spread across two days  for an estimated $ 402 . "  There was a violent , angry emotion running through me then , " Dylan said . "  I just played played guitar and harmonica and sang those songs , and that was it . Mr. Hammond asked me if I wanted to sing any of them over again and I said no . I ca n't see myself singing the same song twice in a row . That 's terrible . " Much like his live set at the time , the album consisted mainly of old folk songs , including "  See That My Grave Is Kept Clean " by Blind Lemon Jefferson , "  Highway 51 " by Curtis Jones and "  Fixin ' to Die " by Bukka White . It was his rendition of "  The House of The Rising Sun " that caused him trouble in the tight-knit Greenwich Village folk music community . Dave Van Ronk -- one of Dylan 's earliest supporters and a huge presence in the Village -- was famous for his arrangement of the traditional tune . "  Before going in the studio , he asked , ` Hey Dave , mind if I record your version of "  Rising Sun ? ' " Van Ronk recalled to Dylan biographer Anthony Scaduto . "  I said , ` Well , Bobby , I 'm going into the studio soon and I 'd like to record it . ' And later he asked me again and I told him I wanted to record it myself , and he said , ` Oops , I already recorded it and I ca n't do anything about it because Columbia wants it . ' For a period of about two months we did n't speak to each other . He never apologizes , and I give him credit for it . " The album did contain two original songs : "  Talkin ' New York " and "  Song to Woody . " The first song recounts Dylan 's earliest days in New York when he "  got a harmonica job , begun to play/Blowin ' my lungs out for a dollar a day . " Dylan claims he wrote "  Song to Woody , " a tribute to his musical hero Woody Guthrie , just weeks after arriving in New York , a trip partially inspired by the fact that Guthrie was living at Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital in New Jersey and Dylan wanted to meet him . "  ` Song to Woody '  was written in New York City in the drugstore on 8th Street , " he said to Sing Out ! magazine in the summer of 1962 . "  It was one of them freezing days that I came back from Sid and Bob Gleason 's in East Orange , New Jersey ... Woody was there that day and it was a February Sunday night ... and I just thought about Woody , I wondered about him , thought harder and wondered harder ... I wrote this song in five minutes ... it 's all I got to say . " The album failed to crack the Billboard charts and sold about 5,000 copies that year . Executives around Columbia referred to Dylan as "  Hammond 's Folly . " Undeterred , Hammond brought Dylan back into the studio just one month after the album came out to begin work on his second LP . In the five months after the first album was recorded , Dylan had turned his attention towards political causes . He recorded "  The Death of Emmett Till " and "  Talkin ' John Birch Paranoid Blues " at the first session , and in July of 1962 , he returned to Columbia Studio A with a new song called "  Blowin ' In The Wind . " It had been a part of his live show for months , and by the next summer , it would completely transform his life . See the full article at RollingStone.com .	In 1961 Bob Dylan had been playing the coffee houses for a little over a year It was Columbia record executive John Hammond who saw the huge potential in Dylan On March 19 , 1962 , Bob Dylan 's self-titled debut LP hit shelves
CNN  -- "  I wo n't even sleep in the same room with them . " A fellow named Daniel Sieberg was telling me his hard-and-fast rule for getting through the night . He takes all of his digital devices -- laptops , tablets , cellphones , anything portable that has a screen -- to another room before he turns off the light . He has come to terms with the fact that the technological gadgets that have so thoroughly insinuated themselves into our lives can become addictive . So , when it 's time for slumber , he locks them out . He wo n't even let his cellphone charge overnight in the bedroom : "  If it 's there , I would have the temptation to turn it on and check it . " We have learned to celebrate , even revere , the wireless gadgets we carry around and the inventors who bring them to us ; the response to the death of Steve Jobs this month was emblematic of how important our do-it-all phones , our computers , our tablets and related digital devices have become . We say that the technology has changed life as we used to know it . But how much is too much ? And , more to the point : How many of us have the nagging feeling that we are somehow unable to disconnect -- that the electronic devices we own have begun to own us ? There is an instinct to treat the subject whimsically : "  Land o'Goshen , Ma , those kids are walking down the street staring at their cellphone screens . " It 's as if any criticism of what the digital age has done to society brands the person raising the questions as backward , afraid of change , irrationally wedded to outmoded ways . So the addiction question is often one that people silently ask themselves . Should n't we be spending less time checking and rechecking our many screens , large and small , and more time taking part in what used to be regarded as real life ? Is there something inherently wrong when people being separated from their phones , computers and tablets makes them feel nervous , irritable , tense -- in other words , when they begin to exhibit classic withdrawal symptoms ? For guidance on this , I got in touch with Sieberg , who has given as much thought to the subject as anyone of whom I 'm aware . A former CNN correspondent , he is a lecturer , writer and broadcaster on technology issues who , in his own life , became increasingly conscious of the unhealthy hold that digital devices can have . He wrote a book called "  The Digital Diet " that argues persuasively that there can come a time in a person 's life when he or she is a good candidate for technology detox . I asked him if "  addiction " is too strong a word to use in relation to devices that seem to hook their users emotionally , but not chemically . "  Unfortunately , the word ` addiction ' has become overused , " he said , and should not be trivialized . Addictions to illegal drugs , alcohol and prescription medication are grimly somber matters . But , he said , the idea of an addiction to digital devices is genuine and is not something that should be greeted with a sardonic wink . "  One definition of ` addiction ' is when other people and other activities in your life begin to suffer because of something you know you should cut back on , but do n't , " he said . Some of his examples are things that many people will instantly recognize : -- The urge to pull out a cellphone even when someone you 're with is in the midst of a conversation with you . -- Texting even while your child is telling you about his or her day at school , and realizing later that you ca n't remember the details of what your son or daughter has said to you . -- Having the vague feeling that something has n't really happened until you post it to Facebook or Twitter . -- Feeling isolated and anxious if you are offline for an extended period of time . -- Noticing that even when your family is all together in one room at home , each person is gazing at his or her own screen and tapping at a miniature keyboard . "  There are people who , even when they are n't using their digital devices , find themselves creating status updates or Twitter feeds in their heads while they are experiencing things , " he said . "  It 's as if they have lost the ability to live in the moment , and have become conditioned to feeling that they have to instantly share it electronically while it is still going on . " Sieberg is hardly a guy stuck in some dust-covered , pre-technology past : He has always been among the first to own each new portable device , and he likes the many good things the digital experience can provide . But he realized -- when his wife would wake up in the middle of the night to see him , in bed , illuminated by the glow of one screen or another that he had decided to check one more time before he fell back asleep -- that something might need remedying . There is , he said , a feeling common among people who are digitally hooked that , when it 's just them and the real world and no screen , they are somehow cast adrift , cut off : "  It 's a sense of , ` What am I missing ? ' " But in truth , a strong case can be made that when a person lives too many hours a day in the digital universe , that is when he or she is really missing something -- missing the things that are taking place in the flesh-and-blood world . Sieberg has a phrase for it : You know you 're in trouble when "  your footing in technology feels increasingly like quicksand . " And he has a piece of advice for all of us , regardless of how deep we feel we 're sinking into that digital quicksand : Like him , we should consider locking all of those devices in another room at night . He promises that it makes a difference : "  You sleep better . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : People are increasingly wedded to smart phones , other digital devices He says author Daniel Sieberg suggests ways to avoid becoming addicted to gadgets One sign of trouble is pulling out your phone in the midst of an in-person conversation People constantly tied to devices may be missing the world around them , Greene says
CNN  -- Syrian authorities have arrested at least 117 activists , intellectuals and anti-government supporters since early Monday , a human rights group said . "  The wave of arrests across the country includes journalist Faiz Sarah ... along with many more , " Wissam Tarif , executive director of the human rights group Insan , told CNN . "  We were able to confirm only 117 arrested but we expect the number to be a lot higher , " he added . The group said authorities raided homes and arrested opponents in the capital , Damascus , and also in the cities of Latakia , Homs , Aleppo , Jubah , Tartus and Banias . The coastal city of Banias remained sealed off Monday after violence broke a day earlier . At least four people were killed and 17 others injured in clashes between security forces and pro-democracy protesters , according to eyewitnesses . Some people ventured out Monday to bury some of the dead , with more burials expected Tuesday . Phone lines were spotty and are believed to be monitored , eyewitnesses told CNN . Electricity returned in certain parts of the city but remained unreliable . Other parts of the country also were tense as military and security forces gathered around government buildings and university campuses in anticipation of protests . In the capital , for the first time faculty members joined hundreds of students demonstrated Monday at Damascus University 's applied science and law colleges in the city 's central Baramka area , Tarif said . "  They were peaceful , then pro-regime forces closed off the campus and white busses came and detained at least seven people , some were beaten . One student from the city of Jassem , in Daraa province , was severely beaten inside the campus because the forces believed he organized the protest . " Tarif said . A video on YouTube.com claiming to show the protest showed students chanting slogans in support of Banias and Daraa , where the anti-government protests started in the country last month . The Syrian government blames foreigners and instigators for infiltrating peaceful demonstrations and feeding violent confrontations . The country 's official news agency , SANA , published on Monday the names of six police officers who SANA said were killed and 166 others who were injured "  when militants fired at them over the last few days in Daraa , Reef , Damascus , Homs and Latakia . "	An official of a human rights group describes a "  wave " of arrests across Syria At least 117 anti-government activists and intellectuals were arrested , the official says "  We were able to confirm only 117 ... we expect the number to be a lot higher , " he adds
CNN  -- A woman was found guilty of murder Tuesday for repeatedly stabbing a Texas college professor with the heel of her stiletto . Ana Trujillo showed little emotion as the verdict was announced . She now faces up to life in prison for the June 2013 death of her boyfriend , Alf Stefan Andersson , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . The affiliate said Trujillo stabbed Andersson more than 25 times . The defense argued that prosecutors had failed to show motive and that Trujillo was a victim of domestic violence , KPRC said . Prosecutors reportedly told jurors that she made up the story that she had acted in self defense . According to CNN affiliate KTRK , when police arrived at Andersson 's apartment , Trujillo , who had recently worked as a massage therapist , answered the door with blood on her clothes and hands ; Andersson was lying in the hallway face up , with a stiletto by his head , KTRK reported , citing court records . Trujillo had recently moved in with Andersson , and she told investigators that he grabbed her , and a struggle followed , said KTRK . Andersson was a full-time research professor at the University of Houston 's Center for Nuclear Receptor and Cell Signaling . In a statement last year , the school said it was "  saddened to learn of the tragic death of Professor Stefan Andersson . Our hearts go out to his colleagues , family and friends during this difficult time . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Ana Trujillo faces up to life in prison for the death of Alf Stefan Andersson , KPRC reports She showed little emotion as the verdict was announced Trujillo stabbed Andersson more than 25 times , CNN affiliate KPRC reports
CNN  -- World health agencies plan to launch a massive polio vaccination in three West African nations , following a fast-moving and especially virulent outbreak that has already killed 97 people . Since the first confirmation of polio November 4 in the Republic of Congo , at least 226 people have been diagnosed with acute flaccid paralysis -- a condition commonly associated with polio -- according to the United Nations . Of those , 97 had died as of Tuesday -- "  an unusually high mortality rate , " the World Health Organization and U.N. Children 's Fund said in a joint press release . At least four of the 226 total cases have already been confirmed as polio , a number that is expected to rise . In response , the United Nations said Thursday that a polio immunization campaign targeting 3 million children and adults will start Friday in the port city of Point Noire and the Koilou region inside the Republic of Congo , 16 districts in the Democratic Republic of Congo and parts of neighboring Angola . Most of the cases thus far have involved young adults between ages 15 and 29 , the United Nations and World Health Organization noted . The immunization effort , however , will be all-inclusive . "  Every man , every woman , every child will be immunized irrespective of their past immunization status , " Dr. Luis Sambo , the WHO regional director for Africa , said in a press release . "  This way we can be assured that everybody is reached , including young adults , whose immunity may be low . " UNICEF said that suspicious cases began to emerge in October , with 73 cases being reported in a hospital in Pointe Noire the week of October 18 alone . The World Health Organization said Wednesday the deaths occurred in and around that coastal city . Scientists have linked the resurgence of polio in the Republic of Congo -- which had n't seen a case since at least 2004 , according to WHO -- to a virus circulating in nearby Angola . "  The cases are continuing to rise , " Sona Bari , a spokeswoman for the agency 's polio eradication unit , said Wednesday . In a statement released by UNICEF , the Republic of Congo 's health minister said his nation had a "  good assessment " of what called a "  worrying " situation . "  Partners and resources are being mobilized to implement an appropriate response , " Georges Moyen said . Last month , a wide-scale and synchronized polio immunization drive was launched in 15 countries targeting 72 million people -- mostly infants and toddlers -- around Africa , the World Health Organization said . Some 290,000 people planned to go "  door-to-door to deliver two drops of oral polio vaccine " to all children under 5 in high-risk areas . Health officials undertook a similar effort in 2009 as well as this past spring , after polio cases were confirmed in 24 African nations . That was followed by a sharp drop in diagnoses , including a 98 percent decrease in Nigerian polio cases in 2010 compared to 2009 , the World Health Organization reported . Polio is a highly infectious disease that targets the nervous system , according the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most of those afflicted show no symptoms and 4 percent to 8 percent manifest relatively minor ones . Generally , polio sufferers are permanently paralyzed in less than 1 percent of cases . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : The Republic of Congo 's health minister calls the polio outbreak "  worrying " A massive polio immunization campaign is set for three west African nations The death toll is at 97 , an unusually high rate given the 226 cases , officials say The immunization push , starting Friday , follows similar efforts in recent months
CNN  -- Here 's a presidential election prediction you can bet on . Right after the winner is announced , somebody somewhere in America will fall on their knees and pray , "  Thank you Jesus . " And somebody somewhere else will moan , "  Help us Jesus . " But what Jesus will they be praying to : a red state Jesus or a blue state Jesus ? If elections are about choices , so is faith . And in Christianity , liberals and conservatives choose to see Jesus in different ways . Some liberals see Jesus as a champion of the poor who would support raising taxes on the wealthy , while some conservatives think Jesus would be more concerned with opposing abortion and same-sex marriage . Good luck to anyone who tries reconciling their Jesus with the biblical accounts of his life . Even Jesus ' earliest followers clashed over who he was and what he meant . "  Jesus did n't leave clear instructions , " says Molly Worthern , a history professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who specializes in religious history . "  He was a man who said many things that were quite cryptic . All Christians tend to pick or chose to emphasize some of his teachings over the other . " Perhaps most Christians follow not one Jesus , but many -- including a bit of a red state Jesus and a bit of a blue state Jesus . We consulted several pastors and religion professors to come up with this voter 's guide to Jesus . Answer these questions , click "  Submit " and see where you fall on the red state-blue state Jesus scale : .	In Christianity , liberals and conservatives choose to see Jesus in different ways Some see Jesus as champion of poor who would support raising taxes on the wealthy Others think Jesus would be concerned with opposing abortion and same-sex marriage Take our quiz and see whether you believe in a red state Jesus or blue state Jesus
CNN  -- The new head of al Qaeda describes Syria 's president as "  the leader of criminal gangs , the protector of traitors , " and applauds anti-government protesters seeking to topple him , in a video that appeared on extremist websites this week . But one prominent Syrian activist , Loay Hussein , rejected the praise of the terror network 's leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri , telling CNN "  we will not permit him or his organization to toy with our revolution and our movement . " "  Syria is not a playground for jihad , " said Hussein , who said he would n't be surprised if the regime exploited the message to escalate its crackdown against anti-government protesters . Al-Zawahiri 's message is believed to be his first since he was named leader of the terror network , following the death of former leader Osama bin Laden in a U.S. raid in Pakistan in May . CNN could not independently verify its authenticity . In the video , the bespectacled 60-year-old , dressed in a white robe , gestures and points with his finger as he speaks . He uses the seven-minute video , which first appeared Wednesday , to discuss Syria and address the protesters seeking to oust President Bashar Al-Assad . The protests have sparked a bloody government crackdown in various cities , according to witnesses . "  Oh free people of Syria and its mujahedeen , " the al Qaeda leader said . "  It is better for you not to ally yourself with the colonialist powers of the world and the new crusades . " Al-Zawahiri said the United States changed its stance on Syria after similar uprisings led to the ousting of the longtime leaders of Tunisia and Egypt . "  America , which had committed itself to Bashar for the length of his rule , announces today that it stands with you , " Al-Zawahiri said . "  After what it saw and the ground shook from the thunder of your rage and after it was devastated by the loss of its two biggest agents in Egypt and Tunisia . " The terror leader accuses the United States of planning to replace al-Assad with someone who protects Israeli interests . "  Today Washington seeks to put in the place of Assad who loyally protected the Zionist borders , another regime against your revolution and jihad with a government that follows America and cares for the interest of Israel . " Al-Zawahiri , the longtime deputy to bin Laden , took over leadership of al Qaeda in June . In the video , he does not make a reference to his new leadership role or the death of bin Laden . The video was produced by As-Sahab , al Qaeda 's media arm , and the graphic at the beginning of the piece states it was shot in the Islamic calendar Rajab 1432 which is between June 3 and July 1 . CNN can not independently verify the accuracy of this date . The new leader was indicted for his alleged role in the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Tanzania and Kenya that killed 224 civilians and wounded more than 5,000 others . The FBI has a $ 25 million reward for information leading to his capture , the same amount it had for bin Laden . Loay Hussein , a prominent rights leader and member of the opposition inside Syria , was a political prisoner from 1984 to 1991 . He said al-Zawahiri and other militants "  want a foot in Syria because it is a strategic country that can serve many of their interests . " "  Al Qaeda is already in Yemen , but in Syria , al Qaeda has no stronghold so it would like to gain one , " he said . "  Al Zawhiri is trying to enter the picture and pretends he has credibility with ranks of demonstrators on the streets of Syria . This will be a failed attempt because the youth of Syria 's revolution have no interest in the jihadists of al Qaeda . " Protesters have been demonstrating across Syria after Friday Muslim prayers , but Hussein said Zawahiri is kidding himself if he thinks al Qaeda 's "  jihadist Islam " is backed by people just because they march after leaving mosques . "  In Syria there is a forgiving Islam that does not accept killing or violence . None of the chants in the streets refer to a religious goal , all our aspirations are nationalistic , " Hussein said . Hussein does think that the Syrian government may use the statement "  as an excuse to ramp up its crackdown on the protesters . " "  I would not be surprised if in a few days Syrian State TV begins to claim that jihadist members of al Qaeda are responsible for killing civilians to send even more security to raid our homes and villages . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrian activist says the country is "  not a playground for jihad " Ayman al-Zawahiri 's video message is believed to be his first since taking over al Qaeda He uses the seven-minute video to discuss Syria and address the protesters President Bashar Al-Assad is the "  leader of criminal gangs , the protector of traitors , " he says
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was hospitalized Sunday after doctors discovered a blood clot during a follow-up exam related to a concussion she suffered this month , her spokesman said . She is expected to remain at New York Presbyterian Hospital for the next 48 hours so doctors can monitor her condition and treat her with anti-coagulants , said Philippe Reines , deputy assistant secretary of state . "  Her doctors will continue to assess her condition , including other issues associated with her concussion , " Reines said . "  They will determine if any further action is required . " Reines did not specify where the clot was discovered . Clinton , 65 , was suffering from a stomach virus earlier this month when she fainted due to dehydration , causing the concussion . Clinton spent the holidays with her family last week after working from home . She was scheduled to return to work at the State Department this week after being sidelined for the past three weeks . Her illness forced her to bow out of testifying December 20 before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on the deadly attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . Deputies Thomas Nides and Bill Burns appeared in her place . The medical setback comes as Clinton is wrapping up her busy tenure as secretary of state , during which she has logged more than 400 travel days and nearly a million miles . She plans to step down from the post if and when Sen. John Kerry -- President Barack Obama 's choice to replace her -- is confirmed by the Senate . Read more : Hillary Clinton fast facts	The clot was discovered in a follow-up exam related to her concussion Clinton is expected to remain hospitalized for at least the next 48 hours She was scheduled to return to work this week after recovering from the concussion
CNN  -- American politicians have a deep need to interpret foreign leaders and foreign cultures and governments as though they were American . Thursday night on "  Crossfire " , I described the Russian president as a KGB official of enormous toughness . In fact , we showed Vladimir Putin in his KGB colonel 's uniform to drive home the reality of who he is . Putin is a great Russian nationalist who is coldly and methodically maneuvering to maximize Russia 's prestige and influence . And why should n't he ? It is his country . It has a longer history than we do . He served in the most intensely pro-Soviet institution in the old empire . Yet , American politicians keep rejecting the realities of Putin 's life , statements and actions . Putin jabs U.S. . This is a bipartisan self-deception . In June 2001 , then President George W. Bush met him for the first time and concluded : "  I looked the man in the eye . I found him to be very straightforward and trustworthy and we had a very good dialogue . "  I was able to get a sense of his soul . "  He 's a man deeply committed to his country and the best interests of his country and I appreciate very much the frank dialogue and that 's the beginning of a very constructive relationship . " Gingrich : Syria a distraction from real U.S. challenges This was said two years after Putin launched the second Chechnya war in which an estimated 300,000 Chechens would be ruthlessly killed . It also assumed a former KGB agent has a soul that is viewable . The less positive view came in August 2013 when President Obama compared his Russian counterpart to a tiresome schoolboy . "  He 's got that kind of slouch , looking like the bored kid in the back of the classroom , " Obama said of Putin . But Putin is n't a bored kid . Putin is one of the most effective and successful leaders in the world . He took over a chaotic decaying Russia in the 1990s and methodically rebuilt the authoritarian state centered system he had learned from the KGB . He may today be the strongest , most stable Russian leader since Stalin . He has achieved it with steady methodical application of power to isolate , imprison and , occasionally , kill those who oppose him . Putin 's recent op-ed in the New York Times was another calculated step . Putin despises Obama and resents his attitude and his tone . This was a chance to return the attitude . Obama acknowledged the difference in an ABC interview : "  I do n't think that Mr. Putin has the same values that we do . " American politicians as usual tried to force Putin into an American frame of reference . The overall tone of Putin 's latest broadside was too much for Sen. Robert Menendez , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , who said he read the article at dinner on Wednesday . Opinion : American ` exceptionalism ' -- who are they kidding ? "  I almost wanted to vomit , " he said . "  I worry when someone who came up through the KGB tells us what is in our national interests and what is not . " House Speaker John Boehner said he was "  insulted . " On a bipartisan basis , American politicians seemed surprised . If American leaders would spend a little time studying Russian history they would understand Vladimir Putin . He is a Russian nationalist and seen in that tradition is very understandable and even predictable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich : U.S. politicians reacted with surprise to the views of Vladimir Putin He says Putin is understandable as a former KGB agent and Russian nationalist Politicians in both parties have mistakenly seen Putin as someone whom they can trust , he says Gingrich : Putin is a strong authoritarian leader , maybe the strongest Russian boss since Stalin
Editor 's note : Despite his unfortunate reference to a "  Jedi mind meld , " some consider President Barack Obama the first geek president for his tech fluency and outreach . Now the White House is launching its #WeTheGeeks initiative , a series of online video chats meant to "  highlight the future of science , technology and innovation in the United States . " The first one happened Thursday at 2 pm ET on the White House 's Google + page and included four leading thinkers in science and technology . We at CNN.com began to wonder what would happen if there really was a part of the dusty old U.S. Constitution devoted to geeks . So we , who are geeks ourselves , drafted one . Below , you will find Article I of the Geek Constitution . THE GEEK CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES PREAMBLE We the Geeks of the United States , in order to form a Ford Prefect union , solve equations , ensure scientific literacy , cast magical spells , build the next killer apps , and reap the blessings of geek literacy for ourselves and our geeky friends , do ordain and establish this Geek Constitution for the United States of America . ARTICLE I Section 1 All exponential powers herein applied to numbers shall not be imaginary , or be powers of three , unless it is deemed applicable . Each House shall respect curiosity and the search for knowledge . Members are encouraged to make scientific discoveries , if they so desire , but they may indulge any other topic of their choosing . Such proclaimed Geeks shall be able to disarm the Keeg , to be heretofore known as the inverse Geek . Horses may be ridden , unless it is declared that more pony is required . In that case , rainbow-colored ponies shall suffice . Section 2 The House of Representatives shall be a weekly gathering , and leaders from each state shall be determined by rolling a d20 . No person shall be a Representative who shall not have memorized at least 50 digits of the mysterious number pi . Section 3 The Senate will gather in a laboratory . Some members will be responsible for conducting experiments , while others will take measurements . White laboratory coats may be worn , but are optional . No Person shall be a Senator until they can recite the periodic table of elements in their sleep . Section 4 The time , place and manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives can be calculated using complex equations . Such results shall be recorded in binary format . The Congress shall assemble at least once per year , and shall eat as much pizza as they want . The facilities where the assemblies are held shall be technologically superior , and connected together with Wi-Fi or a LAN . Section 5 Each House shall congregate in a grassy spot on the field of knowledge . Members may engage in Geek debates or Geek battles as they see fit . If a disagreement can not be resolved , each House may , only if they choose , do battle against the other by taking turns in a role-playing format . The setting shall be a medieval castle surrounded by a wicked forest . Section 6 The Senators and Representatives shall receive good compensation for their services , commensurate with abilities and education . No Senator or Representative shall be forced by circumstances to eat ramen noodles , but they may still eat such soups because they are tasty . Section 7 Some votes of the Geek Congress shall be presented to the Geek President , but some may not . Anyone may question assumed assertions and apply thoughtful , reasoned judgment to solve the problems they face . Section 8 The hassling of impressionable Geeks who are still in their teens or younger shall be prohibited , and it would not be too horrible if a tax or duty were to be imposed on such acts , at roughly 10 dollars for each person , or perhaps more . In fact , it would be fantastic if no Geeks , or no people , were to be hassled . The privilege of indulging in video games shall not be suspended , lest it should spur a rebellion or harm the public safety by inspiring an invasion of local arcades . If said gaming rights are suspended , washing duties such as sanitation and waste disposal and the washing of clothes and/or dishes shall also be suspended . Such players of games shall have the right to a functional controller and headset , and may refuse the commands of others for every moment they are present in front of the television monitor . Efforts shall be made in order to assure that Alterac Valley be restored to its former glory , instead of the zergfest it has become . Section 9 The Geeks shall have the power to change the course of the world ; To create the products we will use in the future ; To devise the services that will help us get things done ; To ensure adequate power outlet availability where it is needed ; To code all night long ; To read this list with the "  Star Trek " theme playing in the background ; To protest networks via social media/strongly worded letters/flash mobs/awkward questions at conventions if a favorite television series gets canceled ; To CONspire to CONgregrate and form a CONglomerate at any CON of their choosing ; To spend untold amounts of time and energy making sure cosplay costumes are screen/page accurate ; To dress up as a superhero whenever the mood strikes ; To lament the cancellation of "  Firefly " no matter how much time has passed ; To believe that Han shot first ; To be on a first-name basis with their comic-book store clerk ; To consume copious amounts of Hot Pockets and Mountain Dew ; To explain things in more detail than anyone would ever care to know ; To know what a role-playing board game is in the year 2013 ; To reminisce about how a favorite thing was much better back in the yesteryears ; Section 10 No Geek shall enter into situations in which they feel ashamed of their interests or skills ; No Geek shall feel that their ideas are unwanted in society ; No Geek shall fear that they will be bullied because they are a little different ; No Geek shall skip the latest episode of "  Doctor Who " ; No Geek shall pass up an argument about whether "  Star Wars " or "  Star Trek " is superior to the other ; No Geek shall be informed that his favorite card game is "  not a sport . " If curling is to be declared a sport , then so shall be "  Magic : The Gathering . " No Geek shall forget that Joss Whedon and J.J. Abrams are perhaps the most polarizing humans ever , especially when they kill off favorite characters or use too many lens flares . No Geek shall discuss any edition of Dungeons & Dragons without the obligatory "  Which edition is better ? " tangent . Weapons may not be drawn during such a discussion , but the throwing of dice is permissible . When a Geek 's character dies , the character sheet must be relinquished to the Game Master upon his request . A copy may be kept for a member 's own records . No Geek shall be required to paint war-gaming miniatures . Such endeavors shall be left to the personal desires of the individual ; let it not be said to that the lack of coloration "  ruins the immersion/experience/suspension of disbelief , " or any similar reason . No Geek shall be concerned with their age in calendar years . A Geek has the right to be a Geek until the day of death . TL ; DR : One may become their own kind of Geek , and draw their own conclusions about divisive Geek debates . What would you add ? Please add your suggestions in the comments below . Your Amendments could be included in the Geek Bill of Rights . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau and Henry Hanks contributed to this Constitution .	White House launches ` We the Geeks , ' a series of online chats about science and technology The first one was Thursday and inspired CNN to draft a "  We the Geeks " Constitution Document aims to establish rights for geeks everywhere What would you add or change ? Share your thoughts in the comments area below
CNN  -- A 15-year-old student shot and killed a teacher inside a classroom in southern Estonia on Monday , police said . There were four other students inside the classroom , but no one was injured , police spokeswoman Tuuli Harson said . Investigators are working to determine how the teen got the revolver he used , and why he opened fire , she said . "  School personnel took away the gun and the boy was handed over to the police . All the students are safe . All the children have left school and are with their families , " she said . "  The police have checked all the floors in the building and nothing suspicious was found . " Estonia Prime Minister Taavi RÃµivas described the shooting , which occurred in the town of Viljandi , as a shock for the nation . "  We do not yet know the causes of this incident , but violence is never an acceptable solution . Such things should not happen , " RÃµivas said in a statement . "  We all have a duty to notice a person who is in need of support in struggling with his or her problems . Today 's incident is a painful reminder of that . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Emil Hellerud contributed to this report .	A school shooting happens in Viljandi , Estonia Police say a 15-year-old student shot and killed a teacher Estonia 's Prime Minister describes the shooting as a shock
CNN  -- Look to the heavens along the East Coast on Tuesday night , and you might be able to see the Air Force blast 29 satellites into orbit at once . The 29 satellites , the most ever launched at one time , will be aboard a single Minotaur I rocket scheduled to lift off from NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia at 7:30 p.m. . They include the main payload , the Air Force 's Space Test Program Satellite-3 , and 28 tiny satellites called CubeSats . The CubeSats are aptly named . Also called nanosatellites , they are small cubes , about 4 inches on each side , weighing about 3 pounds and with a volume of about a quart . Among the CubeSats is the TJ3Sat , built by the students of Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology in Alexandria , Virginia . It will be the first satellite made by high-schoolers to go into space . Once in orbit , the "  TJ3Sat will allow students and amateur radio users the opportunity to send and receive data from the satellite . Students and other users from around the world will be able to submit text strings to be uploaded to the TJ3Sat website , " according to Orbital Sciences Corp , the developer and manufacturer of the Minotaur rocket . The students have been working on the TJ3Sat for seven years , according to Orbital . Lost world -- what happened to Mars ? The Air Force satellite that is the main payload will conduct a variety of experiments during its expected 13-month mission . The launch will also be evaluated as part of a certification process of the Minotaur rocket for commercial use . That process is being conducted by the Federal Aviation Administration , NASA says . Falling satellite burns up upon re-entry Orbital says the 29 satellites should achieve orbit in a little less than 12Â 1/2 minutes after the rocket ignites . NASA says the launch may be visible from northern Florida to southern Canada and as far west as Indiana . If you ca n't see the launch from where you are , it will be streamed by NASA live . NASA releases new photo of Saturn , Earth	Rocket to carry one big satellite , 28 little ones CubeSats are small , 3-pound nanosatellites One CubeSat was made by high school students The main payload satellite will conduct experiments on its expected 13-month mission
CNN  -- It 's one of the great ironies in all of sports : Pro baseball 's career hitting leader is not in baseball 's Hall of Fame . As long as Pete Rose is banned from baseball , he will be banned from any Hall of Fame ballot . On Monday , 20 years to the day Pete Rose signed an agreement with Major League Baseball banning him from the sport , he is no closer to being reinstated . In that agreement , Rose , accused of betting on MLB games while he managed the Cincinnati Reds , was "  declared permanently ineligible in accordance with Major League Rule 21 . " Rose did n't publicly admit the betting until this decade . Baseball 's history , Rose 's lying about his gambling and his brash nature in handling the manner have all painted him into this corner , with no apparent way out . "  Nobody who has ever been thrown out of baseball has ever been reinstated . An owner of Philadelphia bet on baseball , the 1919 White Sox , you name it . No matter if it 's a third-base coach or an all-star , Hall of Fame-type player , " said Faye Vincent , who was MLB deputy commissioner at the time baseball investigated Rose for betting on his team . Vincent , who talked to CNN.com from his summer home in Williamstown , Massachusetts , wrote the agreement in 1989 . It was signed by then-MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti , Rose and his attorneys , and Vincent . "  I think the door is closed . There is no possible way they can retract what was done , " said Furman Bisher , longtime columnist for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and a voting member of the Hall of Fame 's Pre-1943 Veterans Committee . "  Every club has it as you walk into their clubhouse in big letters : No gambling . "  I think Bart Giamatti handled it beautifully . He was banned for life , and that should be the last line of his career . " Last month , it took one comment about baseball 's hit king from baseball 's former home run king to reignite the controversy . "  I would certainly like to see him in , " Hank Aaron told reporters at baseball 's Hall of Fame festivities . "  He belongs in , really . " At first , many observers thought those remarks were a big move in favor of Rose , as Aaron is a longtime friend of MLB Commissioner Bud Selig . Hall of Fame pitcher Bob Feller later told the San Francisco Chronicle , "  I heard what Hank Aaron said about it , and that 's a cockamamie idea . I had dinner with the commissioner Sunday , and he did n't like it . " Bisher , who has covered Aaron his whole career , said he "  could n't believe Aaron said it . " "  Sometimes Henry wants to be likable and is kind to some people , " Bisher said . This weekend , another friend , Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt , went to Rose 's defense , in a column he wrote for The Associated Press . "  Is this the way Bart Giamatti would have wanted it 20 years later ? " Schmidt asked . Schmidt maintains Giamatti was the only man who could broker Rose back into the sport 's good graces : "  Giamatti was a compassionate man who would have eventually met with him , laid out a lifestyle plan that Pete would follow , and today he 'd be a forgiven member of baseball 's family . " Schmidt points to baseball 's current steroids scandal as another reason for Rose 's ban to be lifted . "  Which is worse ? Does the penalty fit the crime ? " Schmidt wrote . A USA Today/Gallup poll released this week showed that 75 percent of more than 1,000 Americans surveyed think that player use of performance-enhancing drugs is more serious than Rose 's offense . The same poll showed that support for Rose 's Hall of Fame eligibility has not changed in 20 years -- 60 percent favor it ; 35 percent are opposed . Giamatti 's successor , Vincent , said Rose prevented himself from ever getting considered for a possible return to baseball . "  He and his lawyers said all kinds of things about Bart Giamatti , claiming Bart was biased and all , " Vincent said . "  The proper course for Pete would be to say then , ` I 'm sorry , I want to help you , I want to help baseball . ' But he never did that , of course . "  Bart and I told him about reconfiguring his life , and that 's the sad part . He was very defiant then , and he made it more difficult for himself . " Giamatti died eight days after banishing Rose . Vincent took over as commissioner , and he said he never saw any signs of change or remorse from Rose . "  I understood very quickly Rose had no intention of making changes , " Vincent said . "  He never acknowledged he had a gambling problem . I do n't think to this day he ever recognized he had a problem . " Rose made matters worse as the years went on . On the weekend of baseball Hall of Fame inductions in Cooperstown , New York , he often held autograph sessions at a nearby bookstore , rankling the Hall of Famers who played before Rose . From the time of the ban until 2004 , he publicly insisted he did n't bet on baseball . When he did admit to betting on baseball in his 2004 book , he was back in Cooperstown on the weekend of inductions , signing copies . "  If you talk to some of the Hall of Famers , like Bob Feller and others , they would never go for that . Bob Feller has said to me before , ` If Pete Rose is allowed in the Hall of Fame , I 'll never come back , ' " Vincent said . Rose and attorneys who once represented him did not return calls and e-mails for comment . He makes a living making public appearances and signing autographs , through his Web site and at one of the shopping malls at Caesar 's Palace in Las Vegas , Nevada . He has a message for his fans on his Web site : "  I begrudgingly do not have any positive new updates as it relates to my quest for official re-instatement back into Major League Baseball . " Schmidt is one of the few Rose supporters who will publicly say baseball should lift the ban . Rose 's ex-teammates Tony Perez and Joe Morgan did not return calls and e-mails . Like Aaron , both are on the Hall of Fame 's Veterans Committee . So are Don Sutton , Phil Niekro and Tony Gwynn , who would not comment on Rose 's status . "  Some other players like Mike Schmidt , from time to time , come out and comment that it is time for Pete Rose to be reinstated , " Vincent said . "  But when you talk to players , they seldom see the universe the way a commissioner sees it . For every player that thinks Rose should be reinstated , there are 10 that do n't . " Aaron 's and Schmidt 's comments may be the last talk of Rose entering the Hall of Fame anytime soon , especially during the reign of Selig , who has a contract as commissioner through 2012 . When contacted , a spokesman for Selig said , "  The commissioner stands by his comments to reporters he made during -LSB- last month 's -RSB- Hall of Fame weekend , as judge and jury on this . " Selig said then , "  I would remind you that Pete Rose admitted to gambling on baseball and agreed to a lifetime ban . " He added the case is always under review , but nothing has changed . Rose does have hometown support . In a recent unscientific sampling of readers ' views on The Cincinnati Enquirer 's Web site that included 5,000 responses , 89 percent said Rose should be allowed in the Hall of Fame . This weekend , for the second time in the past month , an Enquirer columnist wrote that it is time to forgive Rose . "  He has his fans in Cincinnati , no doubt ; he has people who want to forgive him , " said Bisher , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution columnist . "  But if you robbed a bank , you still robbed a bank . It 's done , and nothing you do can change that . " Vincent recalled a conversation he had with Hall of Famer Tom Seaver . "  Tom Seaver once asked me , ` If I 'm a Hall of Famer , and I bet on baseball , do I get the same treatment ? ' I said , ` Yes . ' Tom said , ' I get it . If you did n't do that , we would all bet on baseball . ' " And the Dowd Report , baseball 's 225-page account of the investigation of Rose 's gambling activities -- including bank and telephone records , Rose 's betting slips and witness testimony -- has stood the test of time . "  Not a single fact has ever been challenged , " Vincent said . "  The case was so overwhelming , and it had so much . Some people tried to write books on it and could n't because it did n't miss a thing . " Rose is n't entirely missing from the Hall of Fame . His hitting accomplishments and some artifacts are a part of the sport 's timeline there , but so is his lifetime suspension . "  Many artifacts donated by him are on display , " said Brad Horn , National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum 's senior director for communications and education . "  As a history museum that tracks the game 's greatest moments , Pete is noted several times in the museum 's timeline ... but as a history museum , we do have the responsibility to tell the history of baseball . We do say Pete was banned from baseball for gambling in that timeline . " Rose holds 19 MLB records , including most career hits , 4,256 . He is the only player in MLB history to play more than 500 games at five different positions , and he played in more wins than any player in history . One of the roads buffering the Great American Ballpark , the current home of the Reds , is Pete Rose 's Way , and it was there back when he was playing near the same site , at Riverfront Stadium . But he is n't going to get his way on the Hall of Fame anytime soon and may never find the road leading there .	Pete Rose signed agreement with Major League Baseball banning him 20 years ago Rose accused of betting on games while managing the Cincinnati Reds Baseball 's hit king did n't publicly admit the betting until 2004 Sports columnist : "  There is no possible way they can retract what was done "
Long Beach , New York  CNN  -- Some New Yorkers mark the anniversary of the September 11 attacks by going to a memorial service or observing a moment of silence . For the past 10 years , Jeff Parness has been helping others . Every September , Parness brings hundreds of volunteers from New York to help another disaster-stricken community in the United States . "  It was our way of saying , you know , New Yorkers will never forget what people from around the country and the world did for us in our time of need after 9/11 , " said Parness , a 2011 CNN Hero . "  So that 's how the mission started . It was just to pay forward the kindness that we experienced . " Over the past decade , Parness ' nonprofit , New York Says Thank You , has assisted victims of wildfires in San Diego , tornadoes in the Midwest and Hurricane Katrina in Louisiana . Many of those who receive help are so inspired that they travel across the country the next year -- often at their own expense -- to volunteer with Parness ' group and help someone else . The result is a unique disaster-response organization . "  All of our volunteers are survivors . They survived , whether it was 9/11 or Katrina or tornadoes . So they all share that common bond , " said Parness , who quit his job as a venture capitalist to work on his nonprofit full-time . This year , Parness ' mission has come full circle . Last weekend , more than 300 volunteers -- at least half of whom were from outside the New York area -- helped rebuild 13 homes damaged by Superstorm Sandy in October . For Parness , a native New Yorker , the work carried extra significance . Triple-amputee veteran gets ` smart ' home on September 11 "  Being able to travel to other disaster sites and help people is one thing . When it happens in your own backyard , you go into shock , " he said . "  I woke up and realized this was  like  Hurricane Katrina . " He pointed out around 650,000 families in New York and New Jersey had damaged or destroyed homes . More than 2,000 members of New York City 's police and fire departments were severely impacted by the storm . And because first responders are a core part of his group 's volunteer base , Parness decided to help them . With the support of corporations , foundations and private donors , his group is planning to rebuild 200 homes in all for active-duty first responders in the New York area . Police officer Charlie Sadler and his wife , Gina , had been married for less than three months when Sandy destroyed their Long Beach home . "  The damage to our home ... sea foam , seaweed , shells and starfish , " Charlie Sadler said , "  there 's no way to understand the sheer devastation that was in the house . The mold , the breathing problems ... our home was completely unlivable . " All of the couple 's wedding gifts were under water as well . Ultimately , the house had to be razed , and they did n't have the resources to rebuild . Their challenges intensified when Gina had a cancer scare in the spring . But on the day of her exploratory surgery , they got the news that Parness ' group would rebuild their home . "  We could n't believe it , " Charlie Sadler said . "  From sitting in that hospital room and wondering what was going to happen ... to building a brand new home from the ground up . "  It 's a feeling of elation . It was unbelievable . " More than 100 volunteers worked on the Sadlers ' home last weekend , including Mark Ford , who came from Slidell , Louisiana , to lend a hand . Ford , a former police officer , lost his home in Katrina . This is his third volunteer trip with Parness ' group . "  After the storm  , I had a lot of people help me . The Sadlers needed our help , and so here we are , " Ford said . "  Being here gives the Sadlers the confidence to know that they 're not alone in this adventure . " For Parness , bringing people together is the most important part of his work . "  We want to lift up spirits and remember not just the tragedy of  9/11  , but also the humanity of 9/12 . "  We tell people it 's never about the buildings . It 's always about the people . At the end of the day , it 's about giving them hope . " Note lets family know 9/11 victim went down fighting CNN 's Marissa Calhoun contributed to this report .	Every September , CNN Hero Jeff Parness organizes help for a disaster-stricken community The idea is to spread the kind of help that New York received after the 9/11 attacks Many of the volunteers have been helped in the past and want to "  pay it forward "
CNN  -- Retired Army Gen. John Shalikashvili , who rose from being an Army draftee to serving as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has died of complications from a stroke , his executive assistant said Saturday . He was 75 . Shalikashvili died Saturday at Madigan Army Medical Center in Tacoma , Washington , according to assistant Rachel McLain . An open memorial service will be held on August 6 at the Tacoma Convention Center . A funeral will be held at a later date at Arlington National Cemetery . Born in Poland in 1936 , Shalikashvili became the first foreign-born chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1993 . He held the post until his retirement in 1997 , serving under former President Bill Clinton , who awarded Shalikashvili the Presidential Medal of Freedom . Prior to that , he was NATO 's 10th supreme allied commander in Europe . "  The United States has lost a genuine soldier-statesman whose extraordinary life represented the promise of America and the limitless possibilities that are open to those who choose to serve it , " President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  From his arrival in the United States as a 16-year old Polish immigrant after the Second World War , to a young man who learned English from John Wayne movies , to his rise to the highest ranks of our military , Shali 's life was an ` only in America ' story . " Shalikashvili was drafted into the Army in 1958 and rose through the ranks , serving in Vietnam from 1968 to 1969 and heading up the 1991 international relief operation that airlifted food to and provided protection for the Kurds in northern Iraq . Obama said the general forged closer ties with Russia and improved the quality of life of U.S. service members and their families . Shalikashvili was granted U.S. citizenship after his family immigrated to Peoria , Illinois , from southern Germany , where they had sought refuge after the 1944 Warsaw Uprising in Poland . Shalikashvili suffered a stroke in 2004 , but continued to work in several capacities . Most recently , he was in the news because of his support for a repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the ban of gays and lesbians serving openly in the U.S. military . He also had served as a visiting professor at the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University . The retired general is survived by his wife , Joan ; their son , Brant ; and other family members .	Obama says soldier-statesman represented promise of America A funeral is expected to be held at Arlington National Cemetery Shalikashvili dies of complications from a stroke at 75 He was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under President Clinton
CNN  -- An Australian woman is suing the nation 's top four banks for their alleged role in laundering money from her teenage son 's $ 200,000 eBay scam that afforded him a $ 6,000-a-day playboy lifestyle . Australian media reported that in 2007 , the then 14 year old boy was making so much money selling non-existent laptops , mobile phones and watches on eBay he could afford to book a $ 4300-a-night penthouses overlooking Sydney Harbour , fly friends interstate for lavish parties and hire limousines to take him to the beach . A spokesman for the Commonwealth Bank of Australia confirmed to CNN that the woman from the south coast of New South Wales , who along with her son can not be named for legal reasons , had launched an action in the Supreme Court seeking damages over the scam . Reports said she was seeking an apology from the Commonwealth Bank , ANZ , Westpac and NAB for " unconscionable conduct " after allegedly allowing her son to open numerous bank accounts with debit cards "  without reasonable scrutiny " . She claims the banks ignored her or refused to discuss the matter for privacy reasons when she warned them they had issued accounts that were being used by a minor to bank illegal funds , reports said . " He was an intelligent boy who worked out how to cheat the system and play it for all it was worth , " she told Australia 's Sun Herald newspaper . " As his parent and legal guardian , I begged the banks to stop giving him accounts and debit cards but each time I got nowhere because of the Privacy Act . " She said her suspicions were aroused four years ago when her son began spending lavishly . She told the Sun-Herald she later uncovered a log book listing thousands of dollars worth of transactions with eBay . The boy , now 19 , allegedly deceived the Commonwealth Bank into opening an account after fronting up to the bank with a birth certificate and a friend over the age of 18 who claimed to be his guardian , according to reports in Australian media . " Once he secured that , he was able to accumulate check and Visa debit accounts with many other financial institutions including Westpac , the Bank of Queensland , ANZ , Credit Union Australia and the Hume Building Society , " the mother was quoted as saying in the Sun-Herald report . Police eventually arrested the boy at school after many of the frauds were linked to an IP address attached to a classroom computer . By the time of his arrest , the boy was already allegedly working another scam , milking the $ 1,500 overdraft facility on a series of debit accounts . In the meantime , reports said , the boy lived a playboy lifestyle with shopping sprees for Versace and Prada clothes and Louis Vuitton luggage . " There I was , a single mum of two , desperately struggling to put food on the table . He , meanwhile , would stroll in after feasting at the latest fancy restaurant of his choice and chuck me leftovers in a plastic tub , " she told the Sun-Herald Underneath the exterior , her son was an " insecure boy out to impress , " she told the newspaper . Reports said that during the past four years , she had reluctantly handed her son to the police 15 times .	Woman seeks damages over the scam , a bank spokesman says Reports : She claims banks ignored her after she warned accounts were issued to minor Boy funded lavish lifestyle with eBay scam
CNN  -- UEFA has decided not to make a charitable donation to the victims of the Chernobyl disaster as part of the social projects it has opted to support during Euro 2012 , which is being co-hosted by Ukraine and Poland . A botched reactor safety test at Chernobyl in Ukraine -- then part of the Soviet Union -- set off the worst nuclear accident in history , with the radiation effects of the 1986 explosion about 400 times more potent than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima during World War II , and nearly 14 times greater than the disaster last year at the Fukushima plant in Japan . "  There are no plans to make donations to the victims of the Chernobyl disaster , " UEFA said in a statement given to CNN . "  However , children from Chernobyl disaster regions in Ukraine and Belarus have received an invitation , extended by UEFA President Michel Platini , to attend one of the Euro 2012 matches . There will be a total of 125 children attending the match in Kiev on June 19 between Sweden and France . " The chairman of the Chernobyl Children 's Trust Simon Walsh described UEFA 's decision as paying ` lip-service ' to the victims of Chernobyl . "  This is a hugely significant tournament and a unique opportunity to highlight the ongoing consequences of the Chernobyl disaster , " said Walsh . "  Hundreds of thousands of children in Belarus , Ukraine and Russia are still affected today . Ironically , charities from the 16 nations participating in the Euros are working in the affected regions , trying their best to mitigate the consequences of Chernobyl with very limited resources . "  This could have been a golden opportunity to raise both awareness and funds for the ` Children of Chernobyl ' while simultaneously giving much-needed credibility and kudos to UEFA and Michel Platini . " More than 200,000 people were evacuated following the disaster , never to return . A 2005 report by "  The Chernobyl Forum "  the most comprehensive to date  estimated that more than five million remain in what have been termed "  contaminated territories , " and 250,000 live in "  highly contaminated territories . " Figures released by UNICEF in 2010 showed that more than 20 % of adolescent children in Belarus , which neighbors Ukraine , suffered from disabilities and chronic illness . Belarus absorbed 70 % of Chernobyl 's fallout . "  Twenty-six years after the Chernobyl catastrophe , hundreds of villages and towns remain radioactively contaminated and millions of people , many of whom are children , live in these areas , " said Walsh . "  These children and their families have had to adapt and ` forget ' about the radiation as they have no choice but to live where they are . Popular pastimes like collecting berries and mushrooms and walking in the forest are forbidden in contaminated areas but as time progresses the radiation signs are often ignored . " Walsh added : "  The government is now systematically declassifying villages and towns as contaminated , " added the Chernobyl Children 's Trust chairman . "  This is not based on any scientific evidence and entire towns and villages that may well still be radioactively contaminated are now being classified as ` clean ' and ` safe ' to live in . "  This is purely economical as families living in the ` zones ' are entitled to certain ` privileges ' -- a free holiday in a different part of the country for children , once a year and a meager allowance for the family . " UEFA , which made a net profit of $ 312.5 million during Euro 2008 , is to make a contribution of $ 3.75 million to its RESPECT campaign -- RESPECT Diversity , RESPECT Fan Culture , RESPECT Inclusion and RESPECT your Health . The RESPECT Diversity project is being run by Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  . Two FARE international monitors will attend each match during Euro 2012 to identify racist behavior and far-right banners . Former England defender Sol Campbell has warned fans not to travel to Poland or Ukraine following a BBC documentary accusing football fans from the two countries of racism and also questioned why both nations were awarded the tournament in the first place . UEFA says the profits for the 2008 tournament were used to finance all its youth and women 's competitions until 2012 , its complete refereeing and coaching programs and some of its administrative costs .	The 1986 Chernobyl disaster was the worst nuclear accident in history "  There are no plans to make donations to the victims of the Chernobyl disaster , " says UEFA Chairman of the Chernobyl Children 's Trust describes decision as paying ` lip-service ' to Chernobyl victims UEFA made a net profit of $ 312.5 million
CNN  -- Australia shocked Germany 2-1 in their friendly international in Moenchengladbach on Tuesday , a result that saw the Socceroos gain some revenge for their 4-0 defeat by the Germans in South Africa 2010 . Germany coach Joachim Loew named a weakened side for the match -- and he was punished with the worse defeat in his four-and-a-half years in charge as Australia secured one of their greatest-ever footballing victories . The home side looked to be on course for victory when Bayern Munich striker Mario Gomez slotted the ball home from the edge of the area in the 26th minute . But the visitors turned things around after the interval and levelled on the hour mark when David Carney burst through the Germany defense to fire past goalkeeper Tim Wiese . And Australia sealed a famous win just two minutes later when Christian Traesch fouled Harry Kewell in the area and Luke Wilkshire scored from the spot . Meanwhile , a last-gasp Asamoah Gyan goal gave Ghana a 1-1 draw against England at Wembley in an end-to-end encounter . In front of a capacity crowd that included over 20,000 Ghanaians , England took the lead when the most expensive English signing ever , Andy Carroll , fired home his first goal for his country . But Ghana never gave up and levelled in the final minute when Gyan , who plays his club football in England for Sunderland , found space in the area to shoot past goalkeeper Joe Hart . Elsewhere , in-form France were denied a seventh consecutive victory by Croatia as the teams drew 0-0 in their friendly match at the Stade de France . Lille central defender Adil Rami hit the woodwork for the home side in the second period , while Franck Ribery was jeered by the home fans as he made his first appearance on home soil since being banned for his role in France 's World Cup training ground strike in South Africa last year . In other friendly matches playeed on Tuesday , World Cup semifinalists Uruguay came away from Dublin with a 3-2 victory over the Republic of Ireland , while Italy were in impressive form as they defeated Ukraine 2-0 in Kiev .	Australia shock Germany 2-1 in their friendly international in Moenchengladbach David Carney and a Luke Wilkshire penalty give the Socceroos a famous win Asamoah Gyan scores an injury time leveller to earn Ghana a 1-1 draw with England England took the lead after Andy Carroll scored his first ever international goal
CNN  -- The Bangladeshi government has called on Nobel laureate and microcredit pioneer Muhammad Yunus to retire from the bank he founded nearly three decades ago to help the poor , but he has said no . "  It 's not possible , and if I withdraw myself from Grameen Bank , it 'll collapse , " Yunus said , according to Bangladeshi Finance Minister Abul Mal Abdul Muhith . Yunis , the target of three recent lawsuits , was not available to comment directly . Muhith told CNN on Tuesday that Yunis is too old to continue as managing director of the bank . "  Normally the retirement age of a bank 's managing director in Bangladesh is 65 , and professor Yunus is now 70 , " Muhith said , adding Yunus could continue as a director . Muhith said the move had no link to politics , but many analysts said Yunus was still under fire at home for criticizing politicians and trying to form a political party four years ago during an interim , unelected government that was backed by the military . That party was later abandoned . In the last few months , two criminal cases and a defamation suit were filed against Yunus , who won the Nobel Peace Prize along with his Grameen Bank in 2006 . The government formed a committee to probe into Grameen activities in January over charges by Norway of an unauthorized aid fund transfer . The Norwegian government cleared him of any wrongdoing last month . Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina accused Yunus of playing a "  trick " to evade taxes and charged last month that microlenders suck "  blood from the poor in the name of poverty alleviation . " The most recent of his lawsuits , filed Tuesday , is a fraud charge brought by a villager , who says bills for his mobile phone were inflated . Grameen Phone , a joint venture with Norwegian Telenor , is a leading phone company in the country . The defamation charge was brought against Yunus by a politician for his comments in a 4-year-old interview in which he reportedly criticized politicians and said they were only in "  power to make money . " He was also sued last month by the Dhaka City Corporation for producing "  substandard " yogurt meant for the poor . The yogurt is produced by a joint venture between French food giant Danone and Yunus ' Grameen Bank .	Grameen Bank founder refuses to step down Yunus , a Nobel laureate , is recent target of lawsuits State official says Yunus is too old to remain managing director
CNN  -- What should most worry the leaders of the federal government -- the president , the top officials in Congress , Democrats , Republicans , everyone who failed to find a way to avoid the forced budget cuts ? What should make them fully understand what the stakes of their ineffectuality really are ? Those stakes , in the end , have little to do with numbers or dollar figures . The stakes are considerably more profound than that . A hint of what those stakes are can be found in an unlikely place -- a scene in the wonderful 1986 movie "  Hoosiers , " about basketball in small-town Indiana . Early in the movie , one of the townspeople -- he 's not very likeable , but his words are memorable -- confronts the newly arrived coach . The man says : "  Look , mister . There 's two kinds of dumb . Guy that gets naked and runs out in the snow and barks at the moon ... and guy who does the same thing in my living room . "  First one do n't matter . The second one , you 're kind of forced to deal with . " Most of the time , official Washington can bark at the moon all it wants , and the nation merely shrugs . Barking at the moon , it often seems , is Washington 's job description . But once in a while , the country feels that the barking has moved into America 's living rooms -- that it 's time to pay closer attention . And when the country decides , person by person , that the men and women they have elected are not up to the job , that 's a tenuous place for the United States to be . Gergen : Americans sick of budget soap opera The White House and members of Congress have known since the summer of 2011 that , unless they could come up with a way to reach a compromise â $ " together , across party lines -- the mandatory , across-the-board budget cuts would kick in . They could n't do it . They played a game , and the country lost . "  Brinksmanship , " it 's called . The term is one of bravado -- daring the other side to blink . In his recent book "  Ike 's Bluff , " journalist and historian Evan Thomas traces the term back to John Foster Dulles , President Dwight D. Eisenhower 's secretary of state . Dulles took pride in bluffing Communist nations of that era to back down : "  If you run away from it , if you are scared to go to the brink , you are inevitably lost . " But if brinksmanship as a tool in international diplomacy is a risky proposition , brinksmanship as a constant , cynical tactic in domestic politics can make the citizens -- the voters -- resentful and angry . Voters do n't want to hear why the men and women they elected ca n't get the job done . No one forced the elected officials to run for the offices they now hold . "  The U.S. governs by crisis these days , " Richard McGregor and James Politi wrote last week in the Financial Times , "  and neither side seems capable of doing anything about it . " Both sides , in explaining their positions as the budget cuts were about to take effect , seemed to all but confirm that analysis . President Barack Obama , speaking to reporters at the White House , said : "  So ultimately , if Mitch McConnell or John Boehner say , ` We need to go to catch a plane , ' I ca n't have Secret Service block the doorway , right ? " McConnell , the Senate Minority Leader , said : "  But there will be no last-minute , back-room deal . " Yet last-minute deals , back-room or not , are what elected officials at the loftiest levels are supposed to be masters of . Brinksmanship does n't work if the people at the wheels go hurtling over the brink . On South Michigan Avenue in Chicago there is a hotel , the Blackstone -- now a part of the Renaissance chain -- that is more than a century old . The Blackstone was where the political phrase "  smoke-filled room " originated ; in 1920 , Warren G. Harding was chosen as the Republican candidate for president by a group of leaders meeting there to hammer out a consensus , even as the official convention was in session in a different part of town . A wire-service reporter wrote that the choice had been worked out "  in a smoke-filled room , " and it became part of the language . It 's probably sacrilege these days to say anything positive about decisions made privately in smoke-filled rooms  and the Blackstone is a no-smoking-anywhere-on-the-premises hotel today , anyway  . But it 's hard to imagine that many people would object if leaders of both parties locked themselves up in a room and did n't emerge until they had , at long last , fashioned a reasonable solution to the budget turmoil . It is , after all , what they are paid to do . Many members of Congress work in a pair of buildings named for men who , in an earlier era , understood that . The Rayburn House Office Building , named for longtime Democratic Speaker Sam Rayburn of Texas , and the Dirksen Senate Office Building , named for longtime Republican Senator Everett Dirksen of Illinois , recognize leaders of different parties and different ideologies who knew how , in the end , to cut through the mess and get things done . Meanwhile , as the first workweek of the forced budget cuts begins Monday , expect a familiar sound from Washington : More barking at the moon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Washington failed to find a way to avoid forced spending cuts He says Americans can usually ignore Congress ' constant barking at moon . Not this time This time Obama and Congress failure to compromise hits people more directly at home Greene : Even if it was in a ` smoke-filled " back room , leaders used to be able to make a deal
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The chairman of the New York Post , Rupert Murdoch , personally apologized Tuesday for an editorial cartoon published by the newspaper that drew charges of racism . This New York Post cartoon by Sean Delonas sparked a debate over race and cartooning . "  Today I want to personally apologize to any reader who felt offended , and even insulted , " said the statement from Murdoch , who is also chairman and chief executive of News Corporation , which owns the paper . "  I can assure you -- without a doubt -- that the only intent of that cartoon was to mock a badly written piece of legislation . "  It was not meant to be racist , but unfortunately , it was interpreted by many as such . We all hold the readers of the New York Post in high regard , and I promise you that we will seek to be more attuned to the sensitivities of our community . " The cartoon by Sean Delonas referenced the mauling of a Connecticut woman by a chimpanzee who was later shot and killed by police . In the caption , one of the officers says , "  They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . " The cartoon was published on Wednesday , a day after President Obama signed the stimulus bill . The Post issued a statement the following day , apologizing but noting that the cartoon was meant to mock what it called an "  ineptly written " stimulus bill . Many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images by appearing to compare Obama , the nation 's first black president , to the chimpanzee . Leaders of the NAACP on Saturday called for the firing of Delonas . Delonas called the controversy "  absolutely friggin ' ridiculous . " "  Do you really think I 'm saying Obama should be shot ? I did n't see that in the cartoon , " Delonas told CNN . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the cartoon , Murdoch 's apology "  It 's about the economic stimulus bill , " he added . "  If you 're going to make that about anybody , it would be -LSB- House Speaker Nancy -RSB- Pelosi , which it 's not . "	Murdoch , chairman of New York Post , says cartoon "  was not meant to be racist " He apologizes to "  any reader who felt offended , and even insulted " The cartoon , published last week , referenced chimp attack and stimulus bill Many found it racist ; NAACP has called for cartoonist to be fired
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao is aiming to deliver a knockout blow to Floyd Mayweather Jr. in the U.S. courts after filing a lawsuit against the American and his connections over claims he used performance-enhancing drugs . The lawsuit , lodged in the Las Vegas district court on Wednesday , names Mayweather , his father Floyd senior , former boxing star Oscar De La Hoya and fellow Golden Boy Promotions executive Richard Schaefer . "  Calling a professional athlete a cheater is the most serious charge one can make , " the lawsuit says , "  and in today 's world , accusing an athlete of using performance-enhancing drugs -- however baseless and lacking in evidence -- is toxic . " The Filipino fighter , who has won world titles at five different weights , was slated to fight Mayweather on March 13 next year in a money-spinning bout in Las Vegas . But he was infuriated by the insistence of Mayweather 's camp that he undergo Olympic-style pre-fight blood testing and the alleged implication that he had used illegal drugs . Pacquiao posted a Christmas day message on his personal Web site , saying he would take legal action and has now followed through on the threat . Top lawyer Daniel Petrocelli is representing him and outlined the substance of their case . "  Manny Pacquiao 's achievements come from God-given talent and an indefatigable work ethic -- not steroids , " he told gathered reporters . "  He can not and will not allow others to deliberately misrepresent his years of hard work and tarnish his reputation . " The lawsuit seeks damages in excess of $ 75,000 dollars and also cites interviews given in various publications that appeared to question the fairness of Pacquiao 's pre-fight preparation . Mayweather 's connections attempted to diffuse the situation in a statement issued earlier this weak on the Golden Boy Promotions Web site . "  Let it be very clear that nobody from Team Mayweather or Golden Boy Promotions is accusing Pacquiao of anything , " it read . "  But the reality seems to be that for whatever reason Pacquiao does not want to participate in random blood testing , which has already been deemed a harmless procedure that many current athletes are subjected to prior to and during competition , " it added . Many viewed the war of words between the respective camps as a pre-fight war ploy to boost interest , but the row over dope testing may well have derailed one of the richest fights in boxing history , with huge pay-per-view revenues forecasted . The Los Angeles Times reported on Wednesday that Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum was pessimistic about a March showdown between the two fighters . "  This is only my opinion , but I do n't see the fight happening now , " he was quoted . Positions are hardening ... Manny 's fit to be tied . He 's very angry . " Arum was also reported to have opened negotiations with World Boxing Association super welterweight champion Yuri Foreman to fight Pacquiao .	Manny Pacquiao files lawsuit in Las Vegas against Floyd Mayweather Jr. and his connections Filipino boxing hero is angered by alleged claims that he used performance-enhancing drugs Mayweather 's camp want both boxers to submit to Olympic-style dope testing in build-up to proposed fight Pacquiao is angered by this insistence and warned on Christmas Day that he would go legal
Washington  CNN  -- More than half of all adult Americans say they do n't want to get the H1N1 flu vaccine , according to a new national poll . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Wednesday also indicates that the number of adults who have tried to get the vaccine but were turned away is higher than the number of adults who have gotten a swine flu shot . According to the poll , 55 percent of adults do n't want to get the swine flu vaccine and do n't plan to get a shot . Another one in five say they want to get inoculated but have n't taken any steps to do so ; 14 percent want a shot and have tried to get it but have been unsuccessful . Just 7 percent have been inoculated for H1N1 . Why are more than half of all Americans shunning the vaccine ? "  The perception that the vaccine has dangerous side effects is the top reason , " says CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  Roughly half of those who do n't want a swine flu shot say that the possibility of side effects is one reason why they do n't plan to get the vaccine . That works out to 28 percent of the adult population who do n't plan to get inoculated due to the risk of dangerous side effects . " So far officials of the National Institutes of Health say they 've seen no serious side effects in clinical trials and that study subjects who have been immunized have generated a good response . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends the vaccine for certain high-priority groups because they are more likely to have serious complications if they develop swine flu . These groups include : pregnant women ; caregivers and household contacts of children younger than 6 months ; everyone between the ages of 6 months and 24 years ; and people ages 25 to 64 with existing health problems . Most frequently asked H1N1 questions One in four American adults say they do n't plan on getting a shot because they are not in a high-risk group , with 21 percent indicating they do n't plan on getting vaccinated because they only go to a doctor when they are sick . Most of those respondents are men . What about the 14 percent who have unsuccessfully tried to get the vaccine ? "  Some say they do n't know where to go . That works out to 4 percent of the total adult population who want to get inoculated but have n't been able to locate a medical facility that is giving swine flu shots , " Holland said . "  A bigger group , 5 percent of the total population , say that they found a facility with the vaccine but were turned away because they were not in a high-risk group or for some other reason . And 3 percent of all adults say they found a facility that had the vaccine but it ran out before they got there . " Add together those last two groups , and the number of Americans who actively sought the vaccine but were turned away for some reason is 8 percent of the total adult population , roughly the same number as the 7 percent who have been inoculated so far . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted November 13-15 , with 1,014 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser and senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report	CNN poll shows 55 percent of adults do n't want to get the H1N1 vaccine Many believe the vaccine has dangerous side effects , polling director says Poll shows number who were turned away is higher than number who have gotten a shot
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- State Department officials should serve where they are needed -- even in war-torn Iraq , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Friday . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that "  people need to serve where they are needed . " Rice was responding to foreign service officers ' objections to the possibility of "  directed assignments " in Iraq . The issue has caused an uproar in the State Department , resulting in a contentious town hall-style meeting Wednesday . The new directives would be needed if enough qualified foreign service officers do n't step forward to fill open positions at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . If the State Department enforces directed assignments , it will be the first time since the Vietnam War era . One official called the order to serve in Iraq "  a potential death sentence " during the town meeting . The State Department already has begun notifying about 200 people considered prime candidates . Those chosen will be given 10 days to respond , according to last week 's announcement . Unless they have a valid medical reason to refuse , those who decline could face dismissal , it said . Wednesday 's heated meeting was replayed on an internal State Department television channel in Washington several times and talked about widely . Some at the hourlong meeting questioned why they were not told of the policy change directly , learning about it instead from news organizations last week . Watch the diplomats exchange angry words " "  I just have no respect for the whole process because you 've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues , " said foreign service officer Jack Croddy . "  Thank you for that comment . It 's full of inaccuracies , but that 's OK , " Harry Thomas Jr. , director general of the foreign service , shot back . Others pointed out the risks of such assignments , considering the dangers of a war zone , lack of security and regular rocket attacks on U.S. personnel . Rice , who did not attend the meeting , tried to calm things down Friday by underscoring the State Department 's attempts to do "  everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats . " However , she said , "  This is one of the highest priority tasks of the United States , and we 're going to meet our obligations . " Speaking to reporters en route to Turkey and the Mideast , she said , "  I do n't know if we will have direct assignments or not , but we are one foreign service , and people need to serve where they are needed . " The secretary sent out a cable to State Department employees worldwide encouraging them to serve in Iraq . "  This year -LSB- U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker -RSB- has identified the need for additional positions to more effectively accomplish our mission in Iraq , " Rice said in the cable . Rice said she has decided to go forward with the identification of officers to serve , "  should it prove necessary to direct assignments . " "  Should others step forward , as some already have , we will fill these new jobs as we have before -- with volunteers . However , regardless of how the jobs may be filled , they must be filled , " she said . Rice earlier said reports that the State Department was finding it hard to coax foreign service employees into Iraq "  could n't be further from the truth . " The assignments are new positions . Fifteen people have stepped forward to volunteer for Iraq service since the new policy was announced October 26 , department spokesman Sean McCormack said . McCormack rejected comments by Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , that State Department employees are "  nervous Nellies " and that wounded U.S. military veterans should be asked to fill the Iraq vacancies . McCormack said until now the State Department has been successful in filling jobs in Iraq with volunteers . Since 2003 , more than 1,500 personnel have volunteered to go to Iraq , he said . But with the expansion of the staff in Iraq this year , 58 spots were left open . "  They are serving in dangerous and challenging places , " he said . "  We have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in Anbar and Basra and Baghdad and Kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines . " State Department employees have been killed in Iraq , but McCormack could not say how many . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Zain Verjee and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	Condoleezza Rice responds to foreign service officers ' objections on Iraq duty "  Directed assignments " will be enforced if enough officers do n't volunteer in Iraq Rice : Department doing "  everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats " One official calls order to serve in Iraq "  a potential death sentence "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen formed a new unity government , the latest step in the implementing of the pact leading to the controversial president 's departure from office , the state news agency said on Wednesday Yemeni Vice President Abdu Rabo Mansour Hadi issued a decree forming the government and 35 ministers were named . The prime minister is Mohammed Basindwa and Abu Bakr Al-Qirbi remains the country 's foreign minister . Youth revolution activists , who 've been leading the protests to remove President Ali Abdullah Saleh , greeted the move cynically . It is part of a deal devised by the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council , comprising Gulf Arab states and signed on November 24 . Saleh stepped down after he agreed to the plan , which calls for transferring power in exchange for immunity from prosecution . It allows Saleh to retain the title of president for three months , until elections are held , but it required him to hand over executive powers to Hadi . Yemen has been greatly affected by the ferment across the Arab world this year . The government had been engulfed by nationwide protests against his regime and fighting between security forces and his foes . An ally in the Western fight against terror groups , the government has been battling an al Qaeda affiliate . As for the GCC deal , many protesters , like Abdul Rabb al-Murthada , dislike it and regard it as illegal . "  The government only represents itself and not the Yemeni people , " he said . "  It will fail and the youth will continue until a complete revolution is seen in Yemen . " Another protester , Salem al-Shuaib , urged citizens to reject any deal that gives Saleh immunity . "  No government or agreement can save the ruling family from the crimes they committed , " said al-Shuaib On Sunday , Hadi announced the formation of a military council of 14 members whose duties will be to stabilize the country and reform the military , a senior official in the vice president 's office told CNN . They are evenly divided between the ruling party and the opposition , with each side receiving seven seats in the council . Tareq Shami , the media officer of the ruling General People Congress party , told CNN that all sides are optimistic that this council will help in solving the security situation in the country . "  This is a good step and we support it . This will help in getting the gunmen out of the streets in Yemen and make the country safer , " said Shami . The power-transfer deal states that the military council should be formed within five days of the signing of that agreement while the new government was to be announced within 14 days . But heavy clashes raged in northern Sanaa between government forces and opposition fighters loyal to the Ahmar clan in Hasaba district . The clashes were the first in Sanaa since the vice president assumed presidential duties . The Ahmar media office told CNN one civilian was killed and four others were injured as blasts reverberated across the city , stoking fear of persistent fighting . Eyewitnesses told CNN that Republican Guards attacked the residential compounds of the Ahmars for more than six hours Wednesday morning and that resulted in clashes . There has been "  escalating violence " in the southwestern city of Taiz , the International Committee of the Red Cross said , and the group "  is deeply alarmed . " "  There are worrying reports of injured people being unable to reach medical facilities , and of facilities being attacked and damaged , " said Eric Marclay , the ICRC 's head of delegation in Yemen . "  The violence has had a serious impact on basic services in recent weeks , with life-saving medical services especially hard hit . The escalating violence on the streets of Taiz has left dozens dead or wounded . " Yemen Red Crescent volunteers and others transporting casualties have been stopped from saving lives or have been injured , the ICRC said . ICRC surgeons and local doctors have been working to treat victims . "  Trying to save a life can cost you your own these days , " Marclay said . "  Anyone who is injured must be able to receive life-saving medical care without delay . Access to health care infrastructure must not be arbitrarily denied or limited . It is essential that medical staff , vehicles and facilities be protected and respected , " he added . Hospitals must not be attacked . Saleh became the fourth leader to leave office as a result of the Arab Spring unrest that has roiled much of the Middle East and North Africa this year . The others have been Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , and Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali . The new Minister of Human Rights Hooria Mashhour said there 's a lot of work to be done to heal and stabilize the country . "  Our youth are still in the square , " she said . "  We told them this is the political track and we will achieve all our goals . " Hakim Almasmari is reporting from Sanaa , Yemen . Mohammed Jamjoom is reporting from Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates	Fighting erupts in the capital The foreign minister keeps his post Many protesters dislike the GCC deal ICRC is upset about violence in Taiz
CNN  -- An Alabama man who says he was fired for exposing public corruption received broad support from the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday in a free-speech dispute testing workplace protections for government employees . In hour-long oral arguments , the justices dug into a case of whether such First Amendment rights extend to state workers who testify truthfully at trial , but are later punished by their employer . "  Government employees are often in the best position to know what ails the agencies for which they work , " said Justice Elena Kagan . "  In other words , expecting that people will know things because they work in a place and that they can take what they know as a result of working " in the public sphere , and say so when subpoenaed . " A ruling in favor of the man at the center of the legal fight , Edward Lane , could make it easier for prosecutors to pursue official public corruption allegations where the cooperation of government workers is often a key factor . In 2006 , Lane was directing a state-funded training program to help at-risk youth , coordinated through Central Alabama Community College . An audit he performed found someone on the payroll was not showing up for work and had done virtually nothing for the program . But this was no ordinary employee : Sue Schmitz was also an Alabama state legislator . Lane says he tried to work with Schmitz to perform her job duties . But he alleged she threatened him , and said he was cautioned by colleagues not to confront someone with her political influence . Nevertheless , Lane fired her . The FBI stepped in and began a separate criminal investigation , looking at how Schmitz , 69 , was able to secure the community relations job with the program . She was paid $ 177,251 from February 2003 to October 2006 . Federal prosecutors charged the retired teacher with fraud . She was convicted , received a 30-month prison term , and was forced to resign from office . Lane was later terminated from his government job , prompting him to sue the college president . At arguments , Lane 's lawyer , Tejinder Singh , told the justices that his client "  testified about events " that he learned about at work . "  The testimony itself was not a part of his job responsibilities . " It amounted to someone speaking as "  a citizen on a matter of public concern . " But several justices questioned whether the law was clear at the time of the firing to hold the college president liable for damages . And some justices wondered whether a public official should enjoy broad job security when testifying in court . "  So what happens in a situation where a police officer gets on the stand and in testifying honestly admits to corruption , but does it in a slovenly way , comes to court dressed in a clown suit ? " said Justice Sonia Sotomayor . "  Could the employer fire him then ? " Yet it was the attorneys for the college presidents who received the toughest questioning . They said government workers do not deserve the "  full free speech rights " enjoyed by others . "  That seems counterintuitive to me . Why do we put people at risk for telling the truth ? " asked Sotomayor again . "  To tell the truth about something ? And I 'm assuming if they lied , they could be fired . " Chief Justice John Roberts said Lane had no choice but to testify as ordered . "  What 's he supposed to do ? He says , ` gosh , if I answer , I 'm going to lose my job , or could and if I do n't , or answer falsely ' " he could in turn be prosecuted by the government , said Roberts . "  But you are suggesting he can be fired if he does it . " The Supreme Court has previously said such workers can not sue over an adverse job action such as a firing or disciplinary action , when speaking on facts learned "  pursuant to their official duties . " They can only make such claims when they speak as a private citizen . But oral arguments revealed the court was likely to carve exceptions for employees compelled to testify under oath about matters of public concern . The case is Lane v. Franks  13-483  . A ruling is expected by early summer .	Case involves man working at Alabama college who says he was fired for exposing corruption Do First Amendment rights extend to state workers who testify truthfully but are later punished ? Court has previously said such workers can not sue over an adverse job action in certain cases
CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday will visit Phoenix , Arizona , one of the cities hardest hit with foreclosures , where he 's expected to outline a $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion plan to help homeowners . Economist Peter Morici said $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion wo n't be enough to solve the mortgage crisis . Though administration officials are tight-lipped about details , one idea that has been floated is for the federal government to reduce monthly mortgage payments by modifying loans . Sheila Bair , the U.S. FDIC chairwoman , has advocated reducing payments to between 31 and 38 percent of a family 's gross income . "  This crisis in housing has devastating consequences , and our government should have moved more forcefully to help contain the damage , " Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Monday . "  You 're going to learn about -LSB- the administration 's plan -RSB- as the rollout continues , " said Jared Bernstein , Vice President Joe Biden 's economic advisor . Bernstein said it will be a "  very aggressive plan to help responsible homeowners stay in their homes . " In Phoenix , the median home price is $ 150,000 -- a significant dip from its peak of $ 262,000 in recent years . The national rate of foreclosure increased by 79 percent between December 2006 and December 2007 , according to RealtyTrac , a company that compiles data on home foreclosures . Foreclosure filings -- default notices , auction sale notices and bank repossessions -- continued to climb in January , though at a slower pace than the month before , according to RealtyTrac . That was still 18 percent higher than in January 2008 . "  It 's really a toxic mix of higher than anticipated prices on monthly payments combined with house values that have dropped makes it impossible for people to refinance or sell their homes , " said RealtyTrac Vice President Rick Sharga . Some economists praise federal intervention in the housing crisis . "  You cut down on the ratio to make -LSB- home ownership -RSB- more affordable , " said Anthony Sanders , a professor of finance and real estate at Arizona State University . But Sanders cautioned that the president 's plan will likely only make a dent in the problem . "  Fifty billion is a good place to start but I 'm just saying right now it 's not enough , " he said . "  It 'll be enough to save Kansas where they really do n't have big negative equity problems . " Economist Peter Morici , of the University of Maryland , agrees with Sanders . "  We are likely looking at a trillion dollars in mortgage losses before it 's all over , " he said . "  And putting $ 50 -LSB- billion -RSB- to $ 100 billion in is not going to solve the problem . " Today is a game of payback for yesterday , said Phillip Robinson , a foreclosure attorney who has been quite busy lately . "  We lived in a culture the last 10 years where mortgage originators said you could use your house as a credit card to pay off your cars , to pay off your credit card bills , " he said . "  Well , that does n't exist anymore . " CNN 's Mary Snow and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Plan is expected to help reduce mortgage payments by modifying loans Obama plan may be between $ 50 billion and $ 100 billion Economists say that amount may help , but it 's not enough to save housing crisis
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- As the man in the Dodgers jersey walked quickly around the perimeter of the infield , fans poured down from the bleachers begging for autographs . Pitbull says he learns from setbacks : "  Usually the negatives turned out to be the most positive for me . " No , it was n't home run king Manny Ramirez . It was Armando Christian Perez , the Cuban-American rapper better known as Pitbull . In five years , he 's gone from a mouthy Miami street hustler to a chart-topping hip-hop star whose infectious Caribbean beats have enticed crossover audiences to swing their hips and sing along -- even taking on some of the words in Spanish . His fourth studio album , "  Rebelution , " debuted in the Top 10 on the mainstream Billboard chart . But Pitbull 's growing profile means nada as he takes the mound to throw out the ceremonial first pitch of the game . "  I 'm the only Cuban who never picked up a baseball in his life , " he said , preparing . He awkwardly winds up and releases the pitch . It falls short , bouncing on the ground before reaching the plate . "  One more try ! " he signals . The second attempt is closer to the mark . It 's symbolic of Pit 's career . "  It 's not how you start . It 's how you finish it , " he likes to say . Watch how Pitbull leads his "  Rebelution " " Tommy Lasorda , the legendary Dodgers manager , is waiting to bust his chops as he leaves the infield . Later , we get the scoop on the conversation .  By the way , the Dodgers won that game . CNN : Tommy Lasorda was out there giving you a little bit of grief . Pitbull : Tommy Lasorda told me , "  It was the worst throw I 've ever seen in my life ! " I said , "  Well , I 'll throw you in the studio . You rap , I 'll play baseball . " He goes , "  I 'll rap a whole lot better than that throw ! "  Laughs CNN : How much do you deflect things with humor ? Pitbull : -LSB- Humor is -RSB- everything . Everything . Usually the negatives turned out to be the most positive for me . In the music industry , any other artist would have looked at the situation I was in and thought , "  Oh man , this is not for me . " I looked at it more like -LSB- Darwin exploring -RSB- the Galápagos Islands . You know -- survival of the fittest . CNN : Were you a troublemaker growing up ? Pitbull : Not a troublemaker . I 'm sharp . Slick , if you want to call it . What the street taught me how to do is how to hustle . How to make something out of nothing . CNN : In the music industry , street cred may help an artist . Pitbull : Anybody who 's made it out of the street -- they want to do this  places index finger over his lips  . Shh . CNN : Even though some of the struggles are similar , there does n't seem to be a lot of crossover between African-American hip-hop artists and Latin-American hip-hop artists . Pitbull : You ca n't get a Diddy or Jay-Z to speak to the Latins . It 's not gon na happen . There 's a force field where they said , "  OK , we 're going to let you here -- but that 's it . " Diddy got the closest . Why ? Because he had J. Lo . The only reason my grandmother knows Puff Daddy is because of J. Lo . But he could n't cross that barrier . So as far as myself -- I guess I 'm their role model . CNN : How much do you want to cross over ? Pitbull : I have respect for Jay-Z and Diddy for what they did in the hip-hop game . But I want to be Celia Cruz . I want to be Gloria Estefan -LSB- both were born in Cuba -RSB- . I want to enterprise -- open clubs and restaurants . They 've done it also -- but those are who I look up to . CNN : Your parents were both born in Cuba . Pitbull : They did n't want to leave Cuba ! They would have stayed in Cuba . They did n't want to get out of there . There were forced out of that country . CNN : How did they come to Miami ? Pitbull : My grandmother fought in the -LSB- Cuban -RSB- revolutionary war actually with Castro , because everybody thought that Batista was corrupt . I 'm not saying that he was n't , but it 's almost like the lesser of two evils . -LSB- When she became disillusioned with the Castro government -RSB- , my mother and my aunt got sent off in an operation called Peter Pan without their parents . She did n't see her mother for seven years . As far as my father -- he came over also . He did n't come in the Peter Pan , but they fled the country . CNN : Would you ever go to Cuba and play a concert there ? Pitbull : No way . I 'd never go to Cuba and play a concert . -LSB- I 'd consider playing there -RSB- as soon as I know that it 's confirmed that Castro 's out of there . I mean , if you ask me , I think Castro 's been dead for years . He handed power to Raúl , and he slips pictures here and there . He keeps giving these pictures to the media with the same shirt on -- same jacket , same everything . CNN : How do you feel about other artists of your generation who feel compelled to go and perform in Cuba as kind of an olive branch ? Pitbull : Juanes just did it . Papa , you ca n't change Cuba . History will tell you that you ca n't change Cuba . I respect him as an artist -- he 's like U2 , the Bono of Spanish . I do n't respect his decision . Maybe he does n't really understand it at the end of the day because he 's not Cuban . -LSB- Juanes is Colombian . -RSB- But to each his own . There 's too much suffering , too much pain from people who left that island , that have come over here and tried to change their life . CNN : Even though you were born in America , how much are you influenced by your Cuban roots ? Pitbull : My mother , she 's like , "  Look , you 're American , son . You were born here in the States . " My father ? My father said , "  You 're Cuban-American . " My mother would call me Chris , because my middle name 's Christian . My father would say , "  No , your name 's Armando . " But in my blood , what it tells me is , "  You 're Cuban-American . " The music is what makes you , the food is what makes you , the way you 've been taught mentally .	Pitbull has had some crossover success ; his new album debuted in Top 10 Hip-hop artist has Cuban heritage , has balanced that with American upbringing He says he 's not fazed by failure : negatives can lead to positives , he says
CNN  Hope Solo , the soccer star who makes headlines whether she 's winning Olympic gold or having domestic violence accusations dropped against her , did it again Wednesday when she was suspended from the U.S. Women 's National Team for 30 days . The team said the suspension stemmed from "  an incident that occurred during the current WNT training camp being held in Carson , California . " Solo 's husband , former pro football player Jerramy Stevens , was charged with driving under the influence during the early morning hours Monday in Manhattan Beach , California , about 12 miles from Carson . The Los Angeles Times reported that Solo was in the passenger seat . "  I accept and respect the Federation 's decision , and more importantly , I apologize for disappointing my teammates , coaches and the Federation who have always supported me , " Solo said in a statement posted on her Facebook page . "  I think it 's best for me to take a break , decompress from the stress of the last several months , and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the team . " The suspension means Solo , a goalkeeper , will miss the U.S. team 's matches in France and England in February . She can apply for reinstatement when the suspension ends . "  During our current National Team camp , Hope made a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on U.S. Soccer and her teammates , " said U.S. Women 's National Team head coach Jill Ellis said in a statement . "  We feel at this time it is best for her to step away from the team . " Solo is perhaps the United States ' best-known female soccer player , winning Olympic gold medals twice and playing on World Cup teams in 2007 and 2011 . Sometimes she draws attention for off-the-field activities . Earlier this month , domestic assault charges against Solo were dismissed by a judge in Washington state . CNN affiliate KOMO reported that attorney Todd Maybrown successfully argued in court that he could n't depose witnesses for the prosecution because they refused to be questioned despite a court order . Police had said Solo , 33 , assaulted two relatives in June at a home in the Seattle area . Officers responded to a 911 call in which a man reported that a woman would not stop "  hitting people " or leave the house , a police statement said . At the home , officers heard a disturbance . Inside , Solo appeared "  intoxicated and upset , " according to police . Police said Solo 's nephew and sister had visible injuries . Police believed that Solo was the "  primary aggressor and had instigated the assault , " the statement said . She appeared on ABC 's "  Dancing With the Stars " in 2011 . She was eliminated from the show following a run on the show marred by frequent disputes with pro partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy and the judging panel . In 2012 , Solo sent out a harsh tweet criticizing Olympic soccer commentator Brandi Chastain for her negative commentary during the 2012 London games . During the 2007 FIFA Women 's World Cup , Solo openly criticized U.S. women 's soccer coach Greg Ryan after she was benched and the U.S. lost its next match by four goals . In an interview with CNN two years ago , Solo spoke about her public image . "  I have a bad rap , " she said . "  People look at me as selfish , outspoken . But I know who I am . " The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in 2012 publicly warned Solo after she tested positive for a banned diuretic -- a substance she claimed she did n't know was in premenstrual medication prescribed by her physician . The agency accepted Solo 's explanation , and she competed in the 2012 Olympics . "  I do n't expect any of the media to be positive , " Solo told CNN in 2012 . "  But I know that I 'm doing wonderful things for the sport of soccer , and I know I 'm doing amazing things for female athletes . So I can take it . "	U.S. Soccer team suspends star goalkeeper Hope Solo for 30 days Solo apologizes on Facebook page and says , "  I think it 's best for me to take a break "
"  Piers Morgan Tonight " airs weeknights on CNN/US at 9 p.m. ET and on CNN International at 0200 GMT  live simulcast  , 1200 GMT , and 2000 GMT and HKT . CNN -- Andrew Lloyd Webber told CNN 's Piers Morgan that Michael Jackson wanted to play the title role in the film version of "  The Phantom of the Opera . " According to Webber , the King of Pop came to see the Broadway show multiple times -- years before the film came out -- and he and Jackson had spoken about a potential "  Phantom " movie role . However , Webber said , "  People in those days were very worried that a film , if it was made , would destroy the Broadway or the West End show , and everybody would just go and see the movie . In fact , it 's been proven to be completely the other way around . If you make a movie , it 's just a great help for the theater . But goodness knows what it would 've been like . " The seven-time Tony-winning , four-time Grammy-winning composer of musicals including "  Phantom , " "  Cats , " "  Evita " and "  Jesus Christ Superstar , " among others , is a guest on Friday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Webber also recalled another legend who had an interest in portraying the Phantom -- Sammy Davis Jr. . Webber recalled being introduced to Davis by Liza Minnelli while in the south of France . "  I have never felt so ashamed in my life , " said Webber , who said he was skeptical about Davis ' ability to fill the role at first . "  For 2 1/2 hours I heard one of the most consummate performances I 've ever heard , and he ended up doing ` The Music of the Night . ' " Webber told Morgan he had hoped to get Davis to open the production on the Toronto stage but it did not work out . Webber also told Morgan the story of how "  Phantom , " which is billed as the most successful musical of all time , came to be . Webber 's fiancee at the time , performer Sarah Brightman , had been offered a role in a theatrical farce based on the "  Phantom " novel by Gaston Leroux . Several months later , Webber bought a used copy of the novel at a book fair in New York . Today , Webber 's musical version of "  The Phantom of the Opera " is coming up on its 25th anniversary . A celebration concert in London is planned . The musical that catapulted Webber and lyricist Tim Rice to fame , "  Jesus Christ Superstar , " was called "  blasphemous " when it hit the stage in the 1970s . "  We never wrote ` Superstar ' to be in any way shocking , " said Webber . "  We wrote it because we wanted to write the story of the man . And in fact , we really wanted to write a love triangle , because the whole thing was -- did Judas Iscariot have God on his side ? " Morgan pointed out the irony of "  Jesus Christ Superstar " causing a controversy when "  The Book of Mormon " -- a musical that takes a cynical look at faith -- has just won multiple Tonys . Webber also told Morgan that "  Superstar 's " breakout song , "  I Do n't Know How to Love Him , " was originally entitled "  I Long for Kansas Morning . " When Morgan suggested that narrative was the key to the longevity of his productions , Webber agreed , and pointed out that "  Cats " was a "  collection of poems by T.S. Eliot about cats that he wrote for his godchildren . Well , that was quite different , and we stitched them together with a vague story that we discovered that his widow had that he wrote , which was a sort of , forgive the pun , cat 's cradle . " Webber told Morgan that the moment in his career that remains in his mind the most and that he would re-live if possible is actress Betty Buckley 's performance of the song "  Memory " on opening night of "  Cats " on Broadway . Webber 's current project is a stage revival of "  The Wizard of Oz . " He and lyricist Tim Rice have written several new songs for the production , which will also include the songs from the film . The musical will star Michael Crawford in the title role . A longtime colleague of Webber 's , Crawford originated the Phantom role on stage . When Morgan asked Webber why he selected "  Oz , " and how he knew it would fare well with a modern audience , the composer said , "  The trick with those is you 've got to find a character to cast that the public knows . "  And of course , the role of Dorothy is something that everybody knows . And that 's why we started with that . But interestingly with ` Oz , ' it 's never really worked in the theater before . And we looked at it very carefully , and came to the conclusion that what people had been trying to do was to stage the film , whereas what you really had to do is to go back and rethink it . " Webber said if he were casting his all-time "  dream " musical , it would star Elvis Presley , but of all the people he 's worked with in real life , Glenn Close as Norma Desmond in his production of "  Sunset Boulevard " would be the hardest act to follow . Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Andrew Lloyd Webber is working on a stage revival of "  The Wizard of Oz " Webber 's musical "  The Phantom of the Opera " turns 25 this year His song "  I Do n't Know How to Love Him , " was first named "  I Long for Kansas Morning "
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- United Nations-backed nuclear inspectors on Sunday visited a newly disclosed Iranian nuclear facility near the city of Qom , Iranian media has reported . "  IAEA inspectors today visited the ... nuclear installation , " the semi-official Mehr news agency said , referring to International Atomic Energy Agency staff . "  The IAEA inspectors arrived Saturday night and are scheduled to inspect the ... site several times . The inspectors will leave Tehran Tuesday . " Tehran sent shock waves through the international community in September by revealing the existence of the previously secret nuclear enrichment facility near Qom . The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the much-anticipated inspection . The agency declined to give more details on Sunday . "  It is our policy not to comment on the itinerary of our inspectors , " a spokesman for the U.N. nuclear watchdog told CNN . The inspectors will visit the installation to make sure it is being used for peaceful purposes , said Ali Akbar Salehi , the head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency . The inspection comes after Iran said Friday that it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a deal that could help end the international showdown over its nuclear activities . That proposal calls for low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to be sent abroad for further enrichment and then returned for use in medical research and treatment . Tehran is studying the draft proposal and will have an answer next week , Iranian diplomat Ali Asghar Soltanieh said on state-run Press TV . Iran informed IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei that it is "  considering the proposal in depth and in a favorable light , but it needs until the middle of next week to provide a response , " according to an IAEA statement . Delegations from Iran , France , Russia , the United States and the IAEA met in Vienna this week to work out details of the tentative deal reached in early October . France , Russia and the United States have indicated their approval of the arrangement . "  The Director General hopes that Iran 's response will equally be positive , since approval of this agreement will signal a new era of cooperation , " the IAEA statement said . After the current inspection , but before the end of the month , Iranian officials are expected to meet with the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain , China , France , Russia and the United States -- plus Germany to further discuss Tehran 's nuclear program . Iran 's leaders maintain that their nation 's nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes , but many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities . Low-enriched nuclear fuel can be further enriched into weapons-grade material . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The IAEA announced Saturday its inspectors were leaving for the inspection Iran said Friday it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a nuclear deal Iran says its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes Many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities
CNN  -- Health officials have confirmed that a patient who underwent neurosurgery at a New Hampshire hospital earlier this year had Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease . The death , and suspicions that the patient may have had the devastating brain ailment , prompted authorities in two states to warn that as many as 13 patients may have been exposed to surgical equipment used during the patient 's surgery , thus to the same disease . The now-deceased patient had undergone neurosurgery at Catholic Medical Center in Manchester . The patient was later suspected of having sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , a rare , rapidly progressing and always-fatal degenerative brain disease . But by the time this diagnosis was suspected , equipment used in the patient 's surgery had been used several other operations . This raised the possibility that the equipment might have been contaminated -- especially since normal sterilization procedures are not enough to get rid of the disease proteins , known as prions , tied to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease -- thus potentially exposing the other patients to infection . The patient 's death spurred the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services to announce September 4 that eight other patients at the same Manchester hospital were being monitored for Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . Massachusetts health authorities noted the next day that five Cape Cod Hospital patients may have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease too because their surgeons this summer later used the same potentially contaminated medical equipment as in the New Hampshire facility . The diagnosis of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease was confirmed by the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center , which reported its conclusion to New Hampshire 's health department and Catholic Medical Center on Friday . "  Though we are not surprised by the test results , we are saddened by the toll this disease takes on families , " said Dr. Jose Montero , New Hampshire 's public health director . People with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease typically show signs of rapidly progressing dementia , impaired vision and personality changes , among other symptoms , according to the National Institutes of Health . Yet while it can be suspected , the only way the disease can be confirmed is through tests conducted after a person 's death . The status of the five southeast Massachusetts patients who 'd been warned was n't immediately known Friday night . The eight being monitored at Manchester 's Catholic Medical Center have been told about the original patient 's "  autopsy results . " "  We let them know we will continue to help and support them and to monitor their health going forward , " said hospital president Dr. Joseph Pepe , "  even though the risk is extremely low that any of these patients was infected . " Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease has a long incubation period before symptoms appear -- sometimes up to 50 years -- according the National Institutes of Health . There 's no test , so it may take many years before these patients would know if they were infected . About 300 people a year in the United States come down with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC has said that no cases of the disease linked to the use of contaminated medical equipment have been reported in the United States since 1976 . Most medical devices are sterilized by heat , but the World Health Organization recommends the use of a caustic chemical like sodium hydroxide to disinfect equipment that may have come in contact with tissues that could cause Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . CNN 's Kevin Conlon and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	A test confirms a New Hampshire patient died of the fatal brain disease After this patient 's death , authorities said 13 others may have been exposed Normal equipment sterilization is n't adequate to eradicate disease-carrying proteins Hospital president : "  The risk is extremely low that any of these patients was infected "
CNN  -- Chalk another record to the United Arab Emirates ' collection . The Capital Gate building in the desert kingdom 's capital , Abu Dhabi , has been certified by Guinness World Records as the "  World 's Furthest Leaning Man-made Tower . " How far does it lean ? Nearly five times farther than the Leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy . The 35-story Abu Dhabi building has an 18-degree slope , compared with four degrees for the freestanding bell tower . But unlike the tower in Pisa , the Capital Gate building has been deliberately engineered to slant . The floor plates are stacked vertically up to the 12th floor , after which they are staggered over each other by between 300 mm to 1,400 mm -- giving the tower its lean , the owners said . "  It is a signature building which speaks to the foresight of the emirate , " said Sheikh Sultan Bin Tahnoon al Nahyan , the chairman of the building 's owner , Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company . The mixed-use building will be ready for occupancy at the end of the year . It is featured in a new National Geographic documentary , called "  Megastructures . " In January , Dubai -- one of seven emirates that make up the UAE -- unveiled the world 's tallest skyscraper : the $ 1.5 billion , 160-story Burj Khalifa , which has a height of more than 800 meters  2,625 ft  .	Capital Gate building leans nearly five times farther than Leaning Tower of Pisa It is deliberately engineered to lean UAE also home to world 's tallest skyscraper
CNN  -- Authorities said they were searching the Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai , India , on Saturday morning after killing several militants , and other standoffs across the city appeared to have ended by Friday . An Indian police officer takes position during an operation at the Chabad House Jewish center Friday . Officials said that at least 160 people have been killed in the violence and more than 300 injured . But even with most of the fighting quelled after more than two days of gun battles , many questions remain . The following is what is known about the attacks : • Gunmen arrived by boats at the Mumbai waterfront near the Gateway of India monument on Wednesday night , police said . The gunmen hijacked cars , including a police van , and split into at least three groups to carry out the attacks , according to police . Watch a timeline of the attacks " • One group headed toward the Cafe Leopold , a popular hangout for Western tourists , firing indiscriminately at passers-by on the street . The group then opened fire and lobbed grenades at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station , authorities said . Watch theories on who attackers might be " • As police rushed to the scene of the attacks , gunmen attacked the Cama Hospital for women and infants . Several people were killed at the hospital , and a standoff there lasted until Thursday morning . • Two other groups attacked the Oberoi and Taj Mahal hotels , taking hostages there , police said . • Gunmen took hostages at the Chabad House , where several Jewish families live , police said . • Police said gunmen fired indiscriminately from the Chabad House . Stray bullets killed a couple in their home and a 16-year-old boy who stepped outside , police said . • The Chabad-Lubavitch International group said Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg , 29 , made a phone call to the Israeli Consulate to report gunmen in the house . "  In the middle of the conversation , the line went dead , " the organization said . • Authorities raided the Chabad house Friday morning . Two gunmen died after the assault was launched , CNN-IBN reported . Authorities said five hostages -- including Holtzberg , who was an American , and his Israeli wife , Rivka , 28 -- were found dead . One of the three others was a second American rabbi , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's office said . • At the hotels , hostages or people who were trapped exited at various times Thursday and Friday . Commandos entered both hotels , trying to flush out militants and rescue others . • Fire brigades battled blazes at both hotels . By early Friday , it appeared that what had been a major fire at the Oberoi had been extinguished . • Police were reporting Friday that the standoff at the Oberoi was over . Two gunmen were killed as authorities cleared the hotel , said J.K. Dutt , the National Security Guard 's director-general . Thirty-six people were found dead there , according to Bhushan Gagrani , a Maharashtra state official . • At various times Saturday morning , gunfire and explosions could be heard as security forces worked to clear the Taj of at least one remaining gunman . • Shortly before 9 a.m. Saturday local time , Dutt said that three militants had been killed but that security personnel still needed to search the hotel for civilians and any possible remaining gunmen . His comments came shortly after Mumbai Police Chief Hussain Gafoor told CNN-IBN that the last militants at the Taj had been killed . The statements coincided with an apparent end of gunfire at the hotel . • By Friday night , 160 had been killed in the Mumbai attacks , including at least 15 foreign nationals , authorities said . These included five Americans , three Germans , an Italian , an Australian and one Chinese . • The official death toll did not include attackers who were killed by security forces . R.R. Patel , the Maharashtra home minister , said Friday that nine attackers had been killed . • More than 300 people were wounded , including seven Britons , three Americans and two Australians . • Two of the killed Americans were identified as Alan Scherr , 58 , and his daughter Naomi , 13 , both of Virginia . The two , who were visiting India with a meditation group , died at the Oberoi . • Also among the dead were 16 police officers , two commandos and the chief of the Mumbai police anti-terror squad . • CNN-IBN quoted police sources as saying there were about 26 gunmen . • Authorities found 8 kilograms  17 pounds  of RDX , one of the most powerful kinds of military explosives , at a restaurant near the Taj . • The Indian navy , stepping up patrols on the country 's western coast after the attack , was questioning the crew of the MV Alpha , a ship detained with the help of the Indian coast guard , British authorities said . The authorities said that they think the attackers ' boats came from this ship and that they think the ship is from Karachi , Pakistan . • Several Indian news outlets reported that a group called the Deccan Mujahideen e-mailed them to claim responsibility for the attacks . Intelligence officials say little is known about the group . U.S. officials and security analysts say the sophistication of the attacks may indicate that a more-established group is involved . • State media Press Trust of India , citing Union Cabinet Minister Kapil Sibal , reported the gunmen had worked for months to prepare , even setting up "  control rooms " in the two luxury hotels that were targeted .	NEW : Three militants killed at Taj Mahal hotel ; authorities continue search Two gunmen , five hostages dead at Chabad House Security forces clear Oberoi hotel , where 36 people found dead British authorities : Indian navy looking into ship where boats may have originated
New York  CNN  -- This could have caused a major blast from the past . Workers cleaning a cannon last fired more than 200 years ago were shocked to find that it was still loaded with gunpowder and a cannonball . The preservation workers from New York 's Central Park Conservancy were removing rust from the antique cannon , which once fired munitions aboard the British warship H.M.S Hussar , when they made the explosive discovery , New York police Detective Brian Sessa said . Workers immediately called 911 , and NYPD 's emergency services unit and bomb squad responded , Sessa said . Technicians determined that the gunpowder was still active . Authorities removed about 1.8 pounds of black gunpowder from the scene and took it to a gun range for disposal , the detective said . The loaded artillery piece was one of two Revolutionary War-era cannons being stored at the park 's Ramble shed , near the 79th Street transverse , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . "  This was an amazing surprise , " John Moore , author of the upcoming book "  The Secrets of Central Park , " told WCBS . "  It was there for so many years , and people were sitting on it when it was a loaded cannon . "	The cannon fired munitions aboard the British warship H.M.S Hussar Authorities remove about 1.8 pounds of gunpowder and dispose it at a gun range Author : "  It was there for so many years , and people were sitting on it "
CNN  -- London may have been gripped by a snowstorm that swept across the capital on Sunday but Clint Dempsey 's injury time equalizer for Tottenham Hotspur against Manchester United breathed new fire into the English Premier League title race . Alex Ferguson 's side looked to have been heading for a crucial 1-0 victory after Robin van Persie 's first-half header edged them in front but after surviving a second half onslaught right up until the 92nd minute USA international Dempsey struck to ensure a 1-1 draw . Dempsey 's last-gasp effort saw United 's lead at the top cut to five points after rivals , neighbors and defending champions Manchester City beat Fulham 2-0 on Saturday but Ferguson was annoyed Wayne Rooney had n't been awarded a penalty after defender Steven Caulker seemed to trip him . He told Sky Sports : "  I thought we should have had a throw in down our side of the pitch but that linesman never gave us a thing all day . For me it was a poor performance by him . Why he never saw the penalty kick for Wayne Rooney . "  We remember him well from his time in the Chelsea game when  Didier  Drogba was three yards offside and he gave onside . I thought he had a shocking game today . I 'm disappointed in his performance , I really am . "  You are 1-0 up with a minute to go , we were really comfortable at that stage . Tottenham worked their socks off , you 've got to give them credit for that and I suppose you ca n't deny them a point . They kept pumping the ball in the box and they got their reward for that . " The game had been in doubt after persistent snowfall cloaked the White Hart Lane pitch in white but once it started Manchester United seized the initiative with the first real chance of the afternoon . Tom Cleverley 's cross to the far post found Dutch striker Van Persie lurking and he nodded powerfully in at the near post to register his 17th league goal of the season following his big-money move from Arsenal . Tottenham almost drew level before halftime but winger Gareth Bale 's powerful shot was well saved by David De Gea , after it had taken a slight deflection off defender Rio Ferdinand . With the snow still teeming down in the second half Tottenham cranked up the pressure , though they were fortunate not to concede a penalty when Steven Caulker looked to have tripped substitute Wayne Rooney inside the area . At the other end De Dea saved superbly from point blank range as Dempsey charged through the middle of United 's defence while Bale again went close with another shot that took a nick off Ferdinand . But just as it looked like United would hold on to record their 19th victory of the season and restore their eight point lead at the top , Dempsey finished from close range after Aaron Lennon 's cutback to ensure a share of the spoils . Earlier on Sunday , Chelsea secured only their second home Premier League win under interim manager Rafa Benitez after beating European Champions League rivals Arsenal 2-1 at Stamford Bridge . After losing to bottom side QPR and drawing with newly-promoted Southampton in their last two home games the pressure was on Benitez to deliver and his side consolidated third place thanks to goals from Spain international Juan Mata and Frank Lampard . Chelsea went in front after just six minutes as Mata controlled and finished precisely past Wojciech Szczesny from Cesar Azpilicueta 's pass , with Arsenal claiming a foul from Brazilian midfielder Ramires on Francis Coquelin in the build-up . Ten minutes later Arsenal 's goalkeeper was shown a yellow card for upending Ramires inside the area before Lampard stepped up to score his eighth league goal of the season , prompting Chelsea 's fans to implore owner Roman Abramovich to extend the 34-year-old 's contract beyond the end of the season . Fernando Torres , preferred to new signing Demba Ba , continued his stuttering form by blasting over from inside the area as Chelsea dominated right up until half time . But it was a different story after the interval as Arsenal hit back immediately with Theo Walcott and Per Mertesacker both going close . But England international Walcott eventually found the net , running onto Santi Cazorla pass before firing past Petr Cech just before the hour mark . Then Torres again squandered an opportunity to seal the match , overrunning the ball when clean through on goal . He was replaced by Ba and the former Newcastle striker was only denied a fourth goal in Chelsea colours due to a brilliant goalline clearance from Arsenal 's Belgian skipper Thomas Vermaelen . Despite late chances for Walcott and Vermaelen , Chelsea held on to move four points clear of Tottenham in third , while Arsenal remain sixth , seven points off a Champions League spot . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger vented his frustration with referee Martin Atkinson after the game . He told Sky Sports : "  The referee gave a lot of free-kicks today , and some much less than the Coquelin one . It 's frustrating . It does n't mean we should have conceded the goal but , in the big games , these decisions have big implications . "  We had a similar start to Man City last week , did n't defend too well and gave them too much incentive . We did n't play well in the first half , but we were much more dangerous in the second half , with a different attitude . "  Unfortunately we did n't make enough of our corners , free-kicks and the chances we created . That 's why we lost the game . It 's very damaging for our position in the league and difficult to swallow . "	Clint Dempsey 's injury time goal denies Manchester United victory at Tottenham USA international strikes in 93rd minute to salvage a 1-1 draw for home side Man Utd now lead Premier League by five points from Manchester City Goals from Juan Mata and Frank Lampard help Chelsea defeat Arsenal 2-1
CNN  -- Hospitals near Aurora , Colorado , were flooded with victims after a movie theater shooting Friday morning . An Aurora Fire Department call log reveals the urgency of the situation . "  If they 're dead just leave them , " a voice tells a fire department responder who reported that police said there may be a number of people dead inside the theater . "  We 're in a mass casualty situation at this time . Please make sure that you guys set up some kind of transport officer over there that can contact the hospitals so we do n't overload one . " The emergency department at Denver Health Hospital was chaotic as staff prepared for the arrival of patients from the shooting , said Dr. Christopher Colwell , director of emergency medical services there . The hospital received seven victims , but called in extra personnel and was ready to take in more patients . "  You 're not sure how they 're going to arrive to you , so you prepare for the worst , " he said . Shooter had 100-round rifle magazine Gunshot wound patients are fairly regular at Denver Health , although not on this scale , he said . In a mass shooting situation , staff assess the severity of the wounds and what steps must be taken -- some need to go straight to the operating room , others can wait , still others may not require surgery . Colwell was a physician who treated victims at the scene of the Columbine High School shootings in 1999 . Five patients were transferred to Denver Health ; all survived . "  We have obviously done a lot of training exercises since then to try to prepare for an event like that , " Colwell said . Dr. Frank Lansville , medical director of emergency services at Aurora South Hospital , told CNN his hospital had seen 18 patients so far , 12 of whom suffered from gunshot wounds . There were several tear gas victims who were stable , he said . They had been seen , decontaminated and discharged . "  The others had horrific gunshot wounds to various parts of their body , " he said . At Aurora Medical Center , the first victim of the movie theater shooting came in before the staff had even heard about the attack , said Tracy Lauzon , director of EMS and trauma services at the hospital . Few hints of movie-theater shooting suspect 's past Soon after , the trauma surgeon learned more victims were headed their way . Four other trauma surgeons , two orthopedic surgeons and various other physicians came to help . Six patients have gone through surgery . Aurora Medical Center has taken in 15 patients from the shooting , she said . Eight have been treated and discharged from the emergency room ; the other seven were admitted . "  We do drills twice a year anticipating this kind of thing , so people are very well prepared and the hospitals are very well prepared , " Lauzon said . Most of the hospitals in the Denver area follow established federal guidelines for emergency response , said Nicole Williams , spokeswoman for Swedish Medical Center , which treated four victims from the shooting at the movie theater . "  We were extremely prepared coming into this , " she said because the hospital has already completed a couple of disaster drills this year . During such a drill , a mass page goes out to the hospital administration alerting officials that EMS has multiple patients who could be transported to area hospitals , and the staff is told be on standby . Emergency workers call the hospitals to see how many beds are available and how many critical patients they can take . Then , the hospital brings in essential staff , in addition to extra trauma surgeons or other specialists as needed . "  It 's a very controlled atmosphere , " Williams said . "  We all try to stay very calm and just serve the community to the best of our abilities . " Theater shooting unfolds in real time over social media Staff at Swedish Medical Center 's command center fielded hundreds of phone calls "  from very panicked people looking for their husbands , their wives , their children , " Williams said . Swedish Medical Center was still treating three patients for gunshot wounds : an 18-year-old male in fair condition , a 20-year-old male in critical condition and a 29-year-old female in critical condition . A fourth patient , a 19-year-old female , came in a few hours after the shootings with minor injuries , possibly caused by shrapnel . She was treated and released . The family members of the victims at the hospital have been notified , Williams said . "  All of the victims have loved ones -- family or friends -- by their side , while they 're here , " she said . Kari Goerke , Swedish Medical Center 's chief nursing officer , worked in the operating room in the aftermath of the Columbine shootings of 1999 . Swedish Medical Center treated four Columbine victims , all of whom survived . "  We had them all in the operating room within an hour of the event , " Goerke said . "  That gives them much better chances . " The staff responded with expertise and compassion both in 1999 and on Friday morning , she said . Aspiring sports reporter killed in shooting "  Afterwards you kind of think about what 's happened and the shock and awe of the whole situation and how horrific it is , " she said . Her voice cracked as she discussed the emotional aftermath . "  Taking care of kids is always hard . I 'm a mom , I can relate . That makes it difficult . " But , she added , "  it 's what we 're trained to do . " Are you there or have thoughts about the shooting ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	Hospitals in Denver area have been doing biannual emergency drills Gunshot wound patients are fairly regular at Denver Health , although not on this scale Local hospitals say they were well prepared Medical staffs includes doctors who treated victims at Columbine
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " was formed in the crucible of the mid-1970s , when Watergate brought respect for politicians to all-time lows , the counterculture was taking over comedy , and many television viewers were seeking out something fresh and bold . Fred Armisen played Barack Obama in a talked-about sketch Saturday night on "  Saturday Night Live . " It was a powerful combination -- and after 34 years , the combination of "  SNL " and politics can still strike sparks among political observers . The most recent example came this past weekend when Fred Armisen , as President Obama , chided "  those on the right " for saying that he was "  turning this great country into something that resembles the Soviet Union or Nazi Germany . " Not true , said Armisen as Obama . "  When you look at my record , " he said , "  it 's very clear what I 've done so far -- and that is nothing . " Watch the sketch -- and the reaction " The sketch has caused a rumble among the inside-the-Beltway chattering classes and New York news nabobs . Wrote Washington Post blogger Jonathan Capehart , "  When your ` friends ' start talking about you like this -- and friends with a huge megaphone and a feel for the national mood -- the White House should listen . " "  Humor with some truth in it is always dangerous . Make no mistake , a drumbeat of belittlement can damage a president , " added CNN political contributor Ed Rollins in a column . The White House had no comment when asked about the sketch by CNN . "  SNL " cast members were n't available for interviews , an NBC representative said . "  SNL " creator Lorne Michaels also turned down an interview request but has said the show does n't take sides . "  I think ` SNL 's ' role is , the moment they 're in power , we 're the opposition , " he told CNN 's Alina Cho last year . "  We 're not partisan . We 're not , you know , we 're not putting on anything that we do n't believe is funny . " Video gallery : "  SNL " takes on presidents through the years " The recent sketch is indicative of the end of Obama 's honeymoon , Syracuse University pop culture professor Robert Thompson says , but he does n't want to read more into it than that . "  Comedy is about going after the people in power , " he said . The president has also taken recent shots from "  The Daily Show " and "  Real Time with Bill Maher . " "  What this says is that the comedy-industrial complex has turned its sights on the reigning president of the United States , " he said . But , he added , "  I would n't put this into the meme category , " referring to concepts that travel so quickly they take on a life of their own , such as Tina Fey 's Sarah Palin sketches from last year . "  The -LSB- Obama -RSB- sketch was n't that funny . " Indeed , the show 's overall impact is often mixed , observes Slate columnist and Rutgers media studies professor David Greenberg . It can "  capture or intensify " a storyline that 's being passed through the news media , but the show is more a barometer that can change with events . "  It 's not incapable of influencing things , " he said , noting the show 's slash-and-burn '70s satire and Fey 's Palin parody . "  But since the early '80s , those moments are pretty rare . ... You 'll see good impersonations but not the underlying critique you had with , say , Dan Aykroyd as -LSB- Richard -RSB- Nixon . " Besides , he added , the Obama sketch may have titillated the politico-media crowd , but he wonders whether its impact went any wider . "  I 'm a political junkie , " he said , "  and this is the first I 've heard of it . " Indeed , the ratings for the episode were a far cry from last year 's Palin-fest -- from a 7.3 rating for the same week in 2008 , to 4.7 -- and the Armisen sketch did n't get the frenzied online dispersion the Palin sketches did . iReport.com : ` SNL ' wo n't hurt Obama However , Obama should be concerned about one thing , observes Thompson . In general , "  SNL " mocked previous presidents ' personal characteristics , such as Clinton 's outsized appetites or George W. Bush 's struggles with spoken English . With Obama -- who lacks the same kind of easily caricatured traits , Thompson says -- the show went after his record . "  In some ways , " Thompson said , "  he 's vulnerable to more serious damage . "	Recent "  Saturday Night Live " sketch attacked President Obama Political pundits , media seized on sketch as meaningful It marks end of honeymoon , one observer says , but probably not much more "  SNL " can "  intensify " storylines but is mostly a barometer , says expert
CNN  -- A 2-year-old boy who authorities say was abducted by a stranger Saturday following a home invasion robbery that ended in a double homicide has been found , police in Virginia said . The suspect fled the scene , stealing a vehicle that was idling near the home , authorities said . The toddler , identified as Kaiden Gage Burnside , was inside the vehicle , they said . "  The car and the child have been recovered , " said Lt. Ronnie Armstead , a spokesman for the Richmond Police Department . The identities of the shooting victims were not released and it was not immediately known what relation , if any , they had to the missing boy . The suspect has no relation to the child , Armstead said . Authorities have put together the events of the alleged home invasion and shooting through the statements of a witness who was inside the house at the time of the shooting , Armstead said . That witness was not related to the suspect nor man and woman who were killed , he said . Police have issued an arrest warrant for Jamal Clemons , 27 , on suspicion of abduction , robbery , robbery with a firearm , using a firearm in the commission of a felony and a felon being in possession of a firearm , Armstead said . CNN 's Maria White contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say a 2-year-old boy they say was abducted has been found NEW : Authorities issue an arrest warrant for Jamal Clemons , 27 The boy was in a car the suspect allegedly used to flee the scene The child is identified as Kaiden Gage Burnside
CNN  -- Now that Caylee Anthony 's remains have been identified , the search for the Florida toddler turns into a prosecution of her mother . Casey Anthony , 22 , is accused of killing her daughter . Investigators say her alibi did n't check out . Although Orange County , Florida , Medical Examiner Jan Garavaglia said Friday she could not determine how Caylee died , she concluded the death was a homicide . The child 's mother , Casey Anthony , 22 , faces charges including murder in the disappearance and death of Caylee , who was 2 when she vanished last summer . The remains were found last week in woods about a half-mile from Anthony 's parents ' house and identified through DNA testing . See where Caylee 's skeleton was found " On Saturday , investigators finished 10 days of sifting through the crime scene and served a warrant at the Anthony house for a third search for evidence , said Capt. Angelo Nieves of the Orange County sheriff 's department . Cindy and George Anthony , the child 's grandparents , were present for the search . The mother 's defense team had claimed since her October indictment that the child might still be alive , even claiming witnesses spotted Caylee since her disappearance . The finding of the body "  has really cut the legs out of the defense , " Stacey Honowitz , an assistant Florida state 's attorney , said Friday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Watch experts size up the legal case " The lack of a cause of death and the absence of any soft tissue on the toddler 's skeletal remains poses a challenge for prosecutors , forensic expert Lawrence Kobilinsky , a defense consultant for Casey Anthony , told Larry King . "  If you do n't have a cause of death , is n't it possible that it might have been an accident ? " Kobilinsky said . A murder conviction would require proof the victim was killed intentionally . Legal experts say duct tape reportedly found on the body could convince a judge or jury that Caylee 's death was not an accident . Perhaps of greater significance , though , is Casey Anthony 's behavior since -- and even before -- her child went missing . According to earlier reports , Caylee was the result of an unintended pregnancy , and Anthony made an attempt to give her up after birth . She referred to Caylee as "  the little snot head " and continued to maintain an active social life . Follow a timeline of the case " When Caylee went missing , Anthony did not tell her family for a month . It was the child 's grandmother who called police . Anthony told conflicting stories at the beginning of the investigation , including a tale that Caylee was with a nanny . The name and address turned out to be bogus . As police searched for Caylee , they say Anthony 's active social life continued -- including one memorable evening dancing at an Orlando bar that was hosting "  Hot Body Contest . " Investigators said they found the scent of decomposing flesh and a trace of chloroform , a powerful knockout agent , in the trunk of a car Anthony drove at the time . Anthony 's family offered various explanations , including a rotting pizza and a dead squirrel . Watch a tribute to the little girl " On the Anthonys ' home computer , police found there had been searches for chloroform , missing children and "  neck-breaking , " although Garavaglia said Friday that she did not find evidence of trauma to the bones . "  The prosecution is going to have a great deal of circumstantial evidence , and this is a physical evidence case , " Kobilinsky said . "  This is not a question about credibility , although obviously a jury looks at credibility and contradictions , but the physical evidence will either include her or exclude Casey . It 's an uphill battle for the defense . " Nevertheless , forensic expert Kathy Reichs , who also is working with Anthony 's defense team , sees an opening . "  Given that there 's no evidence as to the cause of death , ... you could have an accidental death and a mother that panics , " she told King . "  There are alternative explanations . " Perhaps not enough to save Anthony , said famed defense attorney Mark Geragos , who is not associated with the case . "  The defense will try to focus , I 'm sure , on all of the forensic evidence and whatever else they can do , " he told King . "  But they 're always going to be up against it with the ` She did n't act right ' evidence , and that 's the hardest thing to combat in this case . " Prosecutors do n't need to show what killed Caylee , Geragos said . The defense needs to overcome Casey Anthony 's statements and behavior . "  Somebody is going to have to give an explanation at some point as to when she last saw the child , who she gave the child to , " he said . "  And until that is done , I do n't care what they put together , it 's not going to carry any weight . "	Casey Anthony 's defense team has big challenge , experts say Lack of cause of death , physical evidence could hinder prosecution Mother 's partying , other behavior do n't help her defense Officials have identified remains of Florida toddler who vanished last summer
CNN  -- An Egyptian military official died Wednesday when a bomb attached to his car exploded , state-run EgyNews reported . The homemade magnetic sticky bomb killed Brig. Gen. Ahmed Zaki in the Cairo suburb Sixth October City . A policeman was injured in the attack , EgyNews reported . Last week , two Egyptian police officers were injured during an attack near Cairo , when an improvised explosive device detonated at a traffic security checkpoint , according to Egynews . Two weeks ago , authorities killed two Muslim Brotherhood members during a gunfight in the Nile Delta , north of Cairo . Police clashed in several cities with protesters supporting former President Mohamed Morsy . The military ousted Morsy in a coup last year during massive street demonstrations against his rule . Attacks targeting police and the army have spiked since he was deposed . Checkpoint attack injuries 2 Egyptian soldiers	The homemade bomb killed Brig. Gen. Ahmed Zaki Last week , two Egyptian police officers were injured during an attack near Cairo
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- A U.S. district court judge denied bail Friday for a man charged with a federal hate crime in connection with a "  knockout " assault against an elderly black man that authorities say was racially motivated . Conrad Alvin Barrett , 27 , of Katy , Texas , has been charged with one count of violating the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act . Barrett , who arrived in federal court in Houston wearing an orange jail jumpsuit and leg shackles , faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , if convicted . Federal prosecutors contend Barrett attacked the 79-year-old man because of the color of his skin . "  I do not believe there are any conditions that will guarantee the safety of the community , " Judge Frances H. Stacy said in her ruling . The judge said there was sufficient evidence to show Barrett committed the assault , which she described as a hate crime . "  The crime was vicious . The victim lost three teeth . He was an old man . He was singled out because of his race , " Stacy said . A federal prosecutor told the court that Barrett made a video of the November 24 attack . In the video , according to a federal affidavit filed in the case , Barrett allegedly said : "  The plan is to see if I were to hit a black person , would this be nationally televised ? " He then allegedly "  hit the man with such force that the man immediately fell to the ground . Barrett then laughed and said ` knockout , ' as he ran to his vehicle and fled . " The victim suffered two jaw fractures and was hospitalized for several days , the complaint said . Barrett 's attorney , George Parnham , raised the issue of his client 's mental health in court , saying his client has been diagnosed as bipolar and was not on his medication at the time of the attack . Parnham told CNN earlier that he could not say whether his client carried out the attack , but , "  mental health issues definitely played a part in anything that occurred . " Barrett "  is very sorry for this person , " Parnham said , adding that he and his client have n't had much opportunity to discuss the facts of the case . ` Knockout game ' a national problem The "  knockout game " is an assault in which an assailant aims to knock out an unsuspecting victim with one punch . According to the Justice Department complaint , there have been "  knockout game " incidents , some of which have been called other names , as long ago as 1992 . New York police previously charged suspect Marajh Amrit with a hate crime in the alleged attack of a white Jewish man as part of a "  knockout " game . Similar cases have been reported recently in several states , including Illinois , Missouri and Washington . "  Hate crimes tear at the fabric of entire communities , " U.S. Acting Assistant Attorney General Jocelyn Samuels said Thursday in a Justice Department statement announcing the charge against Barrett . "  As always , the Civil Rights Division will work with our federal and state law enforcement partners to ensure that hate crimes are identified and prosecuted , and that justice is done . " Barrett , who is white , allegedly recorded himself on his cell phone attacking the man and showed the video to others , the department said . "  The complaint alleges Barrett made several videos , one in which he identifies himself and another in which he makes a racial slur . In addition , Barrett had allegedly been working up the ` courage ' to play the ` knockout game ' for approximately a week . " The victim 's face was swollen on one side , and he has had to use a straw to drink , a nephew , Joseph Lewis , told CNN affiliate KTRK-TV in Houston . In a letter to the court , the victim -- who has not been identified -- asked the judge not to release Barrett . "  Judge , I am the man who was attacked by Conrad Barrett . I hope he will not be released because I am afraid he will hurt me if he is released , " said the letter , which was read in court by a federal prosecutor . "  Since the attack , I 've had to live with my children and have people take care of me . If you set him free , I 'll worry that he can attack me again at any time . Please do not release him and give me my freedom . " FBI Agent Alfred Tribble testified during the hearing that the video shows Barrett approaching the victim and asking "  How 's it going ? " Tribble told the court that "  a loud smack is heard and the victim falls to the ground . " He said a man who sounds like Barrett can be heard later in the video saying "  Knockout , baby ! " According to a federal affidavit , Barrett told an off-duty police officer what happened and shared a video , saying he felt bad . In other videos on his phone that police confiscated , Barrett used the N-word and said that African-Americans "  have n't fully experienced the blessing of evolution , " according to the criminal complaint . "  It is unimaginable in this day and age that one could be drawn to violently attack another based on the color of their skin , " said Special Agent in Charge Stephen Morris of the FBI 's Houston office . "  We remind all citizens that we are protected under the law from such racially motivated attacks , and encourage everyone to report such crimes to the FBI . " New York case In a separate case , New York City police on Wednesday searched for a man who allegedly punched a 33-year-old woman in the back of the head in Brooklyn in what may be a "  knockout " assault . Despite that and other cases , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said last month that city officials have n't seen evidence of a trend , though they are not ruling out the idea . "  The press has named it the so-called knockout game . We do n't discount that that exists . It 's a possibility . We 've investigated and will continue to investigate , " Kelly told reporters in late November . Possible ` knockout ' game victim : ` The whole group of kids just laughed ' Police keep close eye on reports of disturbing ` knockout ' game CNN 's Jocelyn Lane reported from Houston , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's John Newsome , Josh Levs , Joe Sterling , Morgan Winsor , Poppy Harlow and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : A federal judge denies bail for Conrad Barrett NEW : Barrett , 27 , is charged with a federal hate crime in connection with a "  knockout " assault NEW : The 79-year-old victim tells the court he is afraid Barrett may try to hurt him again NEW : An FBI agent testifies Barrett can be heard on a video saying "  Knockout , baby ! "
CNN  -- As senior World Cup photographer for leading agency Getty , Shaun Botterill has snapped pictures of every tournament since 1994 . He has found himself in some pretty privileged positions , capturing compelling images of football 's greats -- and poignant , intimate shots away from the on-field action . Sure , you have to be lucky to capture certain key moments when they happen , says Botterill . But he is also a firm believer in creating your own luck : being prepared when the magic unfolds on the pitch . "  I think knowledge of the sport is particularly important , because certain players have different styles , " the Briton tells CNN 's Sports Photo Masterclass series . "  A midfielder is more creative ; he 's always going to be looking for that pass . And you 've got players like Ronaldo who will run a play -- he 'll challenge plays , he 'll make pictures . So that 's where you get those big action shots . "  Generally the good players that just want to win and score make better pictures . " It 's been said that eyes are the windows to the soul . Botterill says he 's learned that focusing on players ' eyes helps photographers to anticipate their moves . While covering the trophy ceremony at the 2006 World Cup in Germany -- a tournament he describes as one of his favorite events to have worked at -- Botterill caught a glimmer in Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro 's eyes as he stood with his team for the presentation . "  Once Cannavaro got the trophy , he did n't just grab it , " Botterill recalls . "  You could see he had something in his mind to do . Things seemed to slow down and I thought I knew what was going to happen next . " Cannavaro lifted the trophy high above his head , as the air around him and his teammates exploded in party tinsel . Botterill , meanwhile , had crawled his way through the legs of other photographers and knew he was in position to get the shot . "  You think you 're going to be really tense at those moments but that 's when you 're almost laughing , " he says . "  He lifts the trophy and you 're looking at other photographers and laughing because you know you do n't have to look at the back of the camera to make sure you got the shot . " Born in the English town of Northampton in 1967 , Botterill got his first break at the age of 16 at the agency founded by renowned sports photographer Bob Thomas , working in the dark room . "  I loved photography and playing football at school and realized early enough I 'd never be good enough to play professionally , so I thought the best way to get to the World Cup final and be near/on the pitch would be to combine the two , " he recalls . He attended his first World Cup in Mexico in 1986 and , after a brief career break "  hanging out on beaches and scaffolding , " he resumed his photographer career at Allsport , which was later acquired by Getty . The job took him not only to his first World Cup , in the U.S. 20 years ago , but to both the Summer and Winter Olympics . "  It 's not all glamor -- I had cockroaches in my bag last night ! " he told CNN , post-interview , via email from Brazil -- where he is crisscrossing South America 's largest country to cover the game he loves most . At the 2010 World Cup , Botterill was given access to the tunnel outside the dressing room before the quarterfinal match between Argentina and Germany in Cape Town . There he captured closeup shots of former football star and Argentina coach Diego Maradona , running down the line , kissing each player and firing them up before the game . Because few photographers are given that kind of access , there 's a certain amount of pressure to deliver . "  Every time you 're in that kind of situation , you know some of this has never been photographed before -- so there 's pressure in one way , but it 's also quite exciting , " Botterill says . "  Because you know if you stumble across a picture and something happens , people are going to want to use it because it 's never been shot . " Although amateur photographers may not have the same equipment as the pros , they can override this deficit by utilizing the same approach . "  The key is to work with the equipment you 've got , " Botterill advises . "  Do n't try to look at the photographers on the other side of the pitch and go , ` Oh they 've got a big lens ... ' because you ca n't take those pictures . "  Shoot the correct picture for the lens you 've got . Maybe you have a different angle because you 're in the crowd . Maybe there are people celebrating in the foreground . "  And if something that 's happened looks great from where you are , nowadays with the internet , if somebody picks up that picture and it 's a good angle -- hey you could be published all around the world . " Basic photographic techniques will help elevate your work . Botterill says any photographer can better their chances by first finding the best background and the best light before starting to shoot . And it 's important to sometimes just wander in pursuit of rare photographic moments -- not all the World Cup pictures are on the pitch . If you do n't move around and explore , he says , you 're not going to find anything different . In South Africa in 2010 , Botterill traversed the area around Johannesburg 's Soccer City Stadium and stumbled upon fans silhouetted dramatically in front , blowing their vuvuzela horns . It was a beautifully artistic and unique shot that showcased the passion and flavor surrounding the tournament . And in Brazil , the country 's renowned fervor for football means fans are out in full regalia everywhere , showing pride and support for their team . "  Those pictures for me are as important as anything , " Botterill says . "  Those are the pictures that you really want to get . "  The more experience you have -- and the nice thing about doing a lot of World Cups -- is that you kind of back up and back away from the more obvious things and you take the time to go looking for those rare moments . " Fancy yourself as a photographer ? Send us your best football pics	Shaun Botterill is one of the world 's leading sports photographers Working for Getty Images , he has special access at major events He says he crawled through other photographers ' legs to get 2006 shot Great World Cup photos can be found away from the main stadiums , he says
CNN  -- Alpine skiing superstar Bode Miller is swapping the piste for the tennis court as he attempts to qualify for the U.S. Open championship at Flushing Meadow later this year . Miller will be competing in the sectional qualifying tournament in Honolulu , Hawaii on Thursday with the winner advancing to the U.S. National qualifying tournament in August where spots at the hard court grand slam will be decided . Millar last made the sporting headlines as he finally won Olympic gold at the Vancouver Winter Games in February in the super-combined event . He ended with a full set of medals after a silver in the super-G and bronze in the downhill , at last fulfilling his promise in the biggest arena of all . But the 32-year-old is also a notable tennis player and was the 1996 Maine State singles champion while his family won a tennis camp in New Hampshire . He gets his chance because of a new policy by the U.S. tennis association  USTA  to give anyone over the age of 14 the opportunity to play their way to the main draw at Flushing Meadows through a new national playoffs system . Miller , a two-time World Cup overall champion , sees his foray into tennis as a new competitive outlet ahead of the start of the new skiing season later this year . He is widely regarded as the greatest American ski racer of all-time with a record 32 World Cup victories and five Olympic medals , capped by his Vancouver triumphs .	Bode Miller competes in sectional qualifying for U.S. Open tennis championships Five-time Olympic gold medal winner in skiing hopes to make it to Flushing Meadows Miller was a high school tennis champion and his family own a tennis camp
CNN  -- A cricketer who punched a rival international player in a bar has been fined and banned ahead of one of the sport 's oldest and most renowned competitions . Australia batsman David Warner struck young England counterpart Joe Root in an Australian-themed bar in the English city of Birmingham in the early hours of Monday morning . Warner had to sit out Wednesday 's Champions Trophy match with New Zealand , and Cricket Ausrtalia announced Thursday that he will miss the rest of the limited-overs tournament . As well as being fined $ 11,000 , he can not play for Australia until the first Ashes Test against England begins on July 10 . His suspension will give other players a chance to take his place at the top of the batting order . "  Warner pleaded guilty to breaching Rule 6 : Unbecoming Behavior . CA Senior Code of Behavior Commissioner , " read a statement from Cricket Australia . "  The Hon. Justice Gordon Lewis AM , fined Warner AU$ 11,500 and suspended him from the remainder of Australia 's ICC Champions Trophy campaign as well as the Australian team 's two tour matches before the first Ashes Test against Somerset and Worcestershire . Warner will be eligible for selection for the first Test . " The Ashes is one of the oldest rivalries in sport , having first been contested in 1882 . The series is played on a two-yearly basis , although back-to-back series will be played between July and January 2014 . The scheduling switch was made in order to prevent the Ashes taking place directly before the 2015 Cricket World Cup , which will be hosted by Australia and New Zealand . World Sport Presents : Branded a Rebel It is the second time in under a month that Warner has been cited for "  unbecoming behavior . " The 26-year-old was fined $ 5,500 for a Twitter tirade he directed at Australian cricket journalist Robert Craddock Warner , who also aimed slurs at Craddock 's colleague Malcolm Conn , took exception to an article Craddock had written about the Indian Premier League  IPL  . Warner , who played for the Delhi Daredevils during the lucrative 20-over competition , was reacting to a piece Craddock penned in which he called the IPL a "  smoldering cesspit " following allegations of corruption made against the league . The controversy surrounding Warner is the last thing an ailing Australia team needed , with captain and key batsman Michael Clarke struggling to recover from a persistent back injury ahead of the Ashes . Australia is also reeling after a 4-0 series defeat away to India in March . The last Ashes series , which was held in Australia between November 2010 and January 2011 , was won 3-1 by England .	An Australian cricketer has been banned and fined for hitting a rival player David Warner punched England 's Joe Root in an Australian-theme bar Warner has been fined $ 11,000 and banned until July 10 by Cricket Australia The batsman will be eligible for the forthcoming Ashes series against England
Some state legislators in South Carolina want to teach a lesson -- to two of the state 's public universities . The legislators want to reduce funding for the College of Charleston and the University of South Carolina Upstate because the schools assigned materials to students that dealt with homosexual themes . The state House of Representatives is preparing to vote this week on a budget for the 2014-2015 fiscal year that would strip the College of Charleston of $ 52,000 and the University of South Carolina Upstate in Spartanburg of $ 17,162 . The cuts are a fraction of the universities ' proposed state funding for next year -- College of Charleston is set to receive $ 20 million and USC Upstate $ 9.5 million . But the proposed cuts , despite being small portions of the schools ' overall budgets , have drawn outrage from students , faculty , and even some alumni from both institutions . Many have taken their complaints to a website created to protest the cuts , and hundreds of individuals have posted , expressing their disapproval . "  I am a gay USC Upstate faculty member and a proud CofC alumnus ... and SC is my home too . I wo n't stand by and let my academic freedom AND my civil rights be devalued , " one post read . The situation stems from freshman assignments at both schools . Last summer , the College of Charleston provided incoming freshmen with a memoir , "  Fun Home , " in which the author deals with coming out as a lesbian . The University of South Carolina Upstate , meanwhile , assigned "  Out Loud : The Best of Rainbow Radio , " which features an account of South Carolina 's first gay and lesbian radio show . Rep. Garry Smith , a Republican from Simpsonville who proposed the cuts in the state House Ways and Means committee , says he heard of the assignments after receiving an e-mail of concern from a constituent whose 17-year-old daughter was bound for the College of Charleston . Smith contacted the college 's board of trustees , inquiring if there were options for students "  offended " by the subject matter . He says the school 's administration told him there were no options . "  I think the university has to be reasonable and sensible to the feelings and beliefs of their students . That was totally ignored here . I was trying to hold the university accountable , " Smith told CNN . "  Their stance is ` Even if you do n't want to read it , we 'll shove it down your throat . ' It 's not academic freedom -- it 's academic totalitarianism . " The College of Charleston says that all of its more than 2,000 incoming freshmen do receive a copy of "  Fun Home " as part of the school 's "  College Reads ! " program , but that the memoir is not required reading . If a faculty member assigned the book in class and a student was offended , the students could move to another section where the book was not assigned , according to the school . USC Upstate assigned "  Out Loud " to its more than 1,100 freshman as summer reading for English 101 , but noted that students could take the class in their second year if they chose to do so . The president of the College of Charleston , P. George Benson , said in a statement to CNN that a university education must include a forum for students to engage controversial ideas , and that the looming budget cuts would undermine the school 's integrity . "  Any legislative attempt to tie institutional funding to what books are taught , or who teaches them , threatens the credibility and reputation of all South Carolina public universities , " Benson said . Smith , meanwhile , pointed out that the cuts from both universities are the exact costs of those two specific reading programs , and that the dollar amount for the programs , on which the cuts were based , was provided by the universities themselves . So far , there is no indication that momentum to pass the budget , and the cuts , is slowing down . The 2014-2015 state budget has already cleared the Higher Education subcommittee , as well as the House Ways & Means committee , where it passed 20-1 . Ways and Means committee member Rep. B.R. Skelton , a Republican and former professor at Clemson University , tried to reverse course by proposing an amendment to restore funds to both universities . It was voted down in the committee 13-10 . "  I feel that as a legislative body , it 's not our place to introduce social issues and punish or reward someone for what we like or what we do n't like , " Skelton told CNN . "  I have serious problems with censorship . We do n't need to go down that slippery slope of taking retribution for content . " The ranking Democrat on the committee , Rep. Gilda Cobb-Hunter of Orange County , also opposed the budget cuts but she said the amendment to restore funding was voted down because a number of the committee members did n't want to face backlash from conservative voters in South Carolina . "  That vote was not a vote of conviction , but a vote of self-preservation to protect themselves from a primary challenger , " she said . If the proposed cuts are approved by the full House this week as part of the larger budget , the budget bill will then move to the state Senate . If it passes there , it will go to the desk of Gov. Nikki Haley , a Republican . The governor 's office did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment . Rep. Smith says many people have written and called him supporting the proposed cuts . "  They appreciate me taking a stand , " he said . "  I anticipate it will be a very active debate  in the full House  , " Smith added . "  We 'll see how it comes out . " A brief history of young adult literature Books to read before you die	A legislative effort is underway in South Carolina to reduce state money for two colleges Freshman assignments at the schools included gay-themed material The legislator who proposed the cuts says his supporters "  appreciate me taking a stand " An opposing lawmaker says politicians do n't want to face backlash from conservative voters
London  CNN  -- Let 's play spot the villain . On Monday , a group of children from Stalham Academy in Norfolk , UK , received an unexpected message in their Christmas sermon . The Reverend Margaret McPhee , a trainee vicar , shared with them the simple truth that Santa Claus does n't exist . The real meaning of Christmas , she said , was n't Santa , Barbie and Xboxes . It was about the birth of the baby Jesus and the light that he brought to the world . Parents were hyperbolically outraged . One posted on Facebook that McPhee had "  put me off taking my children to church just in case something else gets said . " This was the second such incident this month . A few weeks ago , when Father Dennis Higgins , a devoted , octogenarian Catholic priest , dared to -- shock horror -- tell children the truth at church , a local headmaster by the name of Brendan Hickey intervened . "  I want to reassure all Year Three pupils at St. Anne 's , and their parents , that I have personally spoken to Father Christmas and told him about what has happened , " he lied . "  He was sorry to hear about the confusion and has promised me that he will arrange for his elves to write to each of the children and reassure them that he will definitely be coming to visit them this Christmas . " So who are the real villains here ? Father Dennis , Rev. McPhee and their inconvenient truth-telling ? Or Hickey and the disgruntled parents ? In my view , anybody in their right mind will side with the clergy . Over recent decades , Santa worship has got out of hand . Rather than a light-hearted part of festive make-believe , it has become an elaborate con that many parents insinuate into their children 's lives . A British mother , Laura Cole , made the headlines when she filmed her children crying after writing them a note -- ostensibly from Santa -- saying that they would not receive any "  lovely presents " this year because they were on the big bully 's "  naughty list . " One of the children was eight years old . And he still fell for it . This may be an extreme example , but it reflects the extent to which most children have been conned . It has become standard practice for parents to pretend to be in contact with Santa by letter and telephone before Christmas . These days , almost every parent in Britain puts out a glass of sherry "  for Santa " and mince pies "  for the reindeer " on Christmas eve , before consuming them as the children sleep , to create the illusion that Santa "  has visited . " A similar tradition flourishes in the United States and elsewhere . A mother I know even told her son that a shooting star was Santa coming to deliver presents on his sleigh . Another example of the depth of the deception came earlier this month , when a small girl called Natalie asked a Pentagon spokesman at a news conference if he was "  tracking Santa . " The answer , believe it or not , was yes : the North American Aerospace Defense Command  Norad  has a website claiming to monitor Santa 's progress using their advanced detection systems over Christmas . That 's just a bit of fun , of course , and harmless in its way . But in the context of the Great Santa Deception , it takes on a different hue . Is it really right that children should believe that this stuff is , so to speak , gospel ? It 's madness . Somehow , parents have gone beyond the light-hearted Santa of decades past , and are intent on manipulating their children into actually believing that he exists . The energy and forethought that some people expend on Santa propaganda is astonishing . And who is Santa , anyway ? A blend of Turkish , Scandinavian , English and north European folklore -- some of it Pagan and some of it Christian -- popularized in the 1930s by a Coca-Cola advertising executive  with the unlikely name of Haddon Sundblom  . Do n't get me wrong : I have no problem with the Santa ritual as a sort of game , allowing children to believe or disbelieve as they like . But messing with your kid 's reality -- that stinks . What 's wrong with it , I hear you ask ? What possible harm could it do ? Is n't it all a bit of festive fun , that makes children 's Christmas more special ? Well , there are several problems with the cult of Santa . Firstly , the man is a lie . Quite literally , a big , fat lie . And selling lies to your children is n't a good thing , unless in exceptional circumstances . In fact , I 'd go so far as to call it an abuse of trust , especially if you use it to frighten your kids into "  being good . " Secondly , propagating the Santa myth is profoundly cynical . At the heart of the con is the tacit belief that the world is not magical enough on its own , that it has to be sexed up with a Santa . From this point of view , explaining the truth about how shooting stars are formed would be boring , and revealing that the presents come from mummy and daddy would be a downer ; kids need to believe in a fantasy figure if they 're going to have a magical Christmas . How jaded ! Surely it is far more awe-inspiring , not to mention instructive , to explain that a shooting star is a speck of spacedust bursting into flame up as it plummets through the Earth 's atmosphere . Surely it is more meaningful to understand that your parents have bought you presents with love , rather than outsourced the job to an elderly man with a team of elves and reindeer behind him . Lastly , Santa has become the icon of materialism . Presents are a significant part of Christmas , but we can all agree that they should have more to do with togetherness and goodwill than with imaginary old men and booty . Now , I 'm not religious myself , but it does n't take a genius to make the correlation between the decline of organized religion in recent decades , and the rise of the Santa movement . It seems like if you remove formalized faith from children 's lives , it must be replaced by an equally powerful belief in something else . God may be dead -- but Santa lives . If my kids were going to believe in anything , however , I 'd much rather it was God than Santa . At least there is a long , rich tradition behind God . At least He is synonymous with a complex moral and ethical code . At least He can offer some kind of genuine spiritual solace to those that believe in Him . Unlike that villainous old red-belly . READ : Sick kids fly to North Pole to see Santa	Several priests have recently told kids that Santa Claus is n't real Parents lash out at "  killjoys " ruining the spirit of Christmas Jake Wallis Simons says it 's all very well to have it as a make-believe tradition Many parents now go too far in fooling their kids into believing in him , he says
CNN  -- Former Dutch international Clarence Seedorf has revealed he is flattered to be linked with a move to Premier League Chelsea but insists he will still be an AC Milan player next season . Clarence Seedorf wants to remain with AC Milan , despite Carlo Ancelotti 's recent switch to Chelsea . There has been speculation that the 33-year-old midfielder could move to Stamford Bridge to link up with his former Rossoneri coach Carlo Ancelotti , who was confirmed as Blues manager on June 1 . But the player is not interested in moving to the English Premier League and has told his own official Web site : "  It 's beautiful news , that Ancelotti wants me in London , but next year I will still be playing for Milan . "  I have a contract with Milan and I am a player of Milan . I hope to still play for at the San Siro for at least three or four more years . After that I have a whole lifetime ahead of me to do good . " Seedorf played for six-and-a half years under Ancelotti at Milan . Together they won two Champions League titles , the Club World Cup , two European Super Cups , the Coppa Italia and Italian Supercoppa . His comments will come as a welcome boost to Milan following the sale of Seedorf 's fellow-midfielder Kaka to Real Madrid .	Dutch midfielder Clarence Seedorf says that he has no plans to quit AC Milan Seedorf was replying to rumors linking him with Premier League side Chelsea Seedorf 's former coach Carlo Ancelotti recently left San Siro to coach Chelsea
CNN  -- A lawyer for Roger Clemens strongly denies the seven-time Cy Young Award winner used steroids to pump up his body and his pitching statistics . Roger Clemens has won seven Cy Young Awards pitching for several teams , including the New York Yankees . Clemens , considered a shoo-in for the Baseball Hall of Fame someday , was prominently featured in the report on performance-enhancing drugs that former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell released Thursday . "  Roger Clemens adamantly , vehemently , and whatever other adjectives can be used , denies that he has ever used steroids or ... improper substances , " Clemens ' attorney , Rusty Hardin , said Thursday . "  He is really , really concerned and upset that he has been named in this report . It 's based on the allegations , apparently , of a trainer that he 's had in the past . ... That 's not a standard someone should be held out in public to have done something as serious as using steroids in baseball . " Watch Hardin critique report " The report says Brian McNamee , a former Toronto Blue Jays strength coach , testified that Clemens received injections of the steroid Winstrol in Clemens ' Toronto , Ontario , apartment in 1998 . McNamee "  injected Clemens approximately four times in the buttocks over a several-week period with needles that Clemens provided , " the report said . It said Clemens ' pitching improved during that time . "  During this period of improved performance , Clemens told McNamee that the steroids ` had a pretty good effect ' on him , " the report said . The report said McNamee also injected Clemens with testosterone and human growth hormone after Clemens moved to the New York Yankees in 2000 . "  Roger has been repeatedly tested for these substances and he has never tested positive , " Hardin said in a statement . "  There has never been one shred of tangible evidence that he ever used these substances and yet he is being slandered today . " Hardin told reporters that Clemens had not been given the opportunity to defend himself . "  It 's not right to put somebody in a report with this kind of allegation and lack of proof , because there 's nothing he can do to combat it , " Hardin told reporters . "  He 's not being charged with anything , he has just been smeared with something . " Hardin said his client was "  outraged that his name is included in the report based on the uncorroborated allegations of a troubled man threatened with criminal prosecution . " Mitchell said he did what Major League Baseball asked of him . "  I did what I was asked to do as fairly and as thoroughly and as accurately as I could , " Mitchell said Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Mitchell said he had enough witness reports , checks and admissions to justify going public with players ' names . "  I think it 's quite wrong to say there 's no concrete evidence , " he told CNN . "  There 's several hundred pages of evidence . " Mitchell said he invited everyone named in the report to meet with him before the report was issued , but almost all declined . Don Fehr , president of the Major League Baseball Players Association , said Thursday the union was not consulted . That "  left us no choice but to represent our members in this inquiry , " he said , as any union would protect its members in the face of possible sanctions . He said the association did not tell players not to cooperate with the investigation , but advised them "  on the legal lay of the land " and suggested they retain their own counsel . "  Many players are named . Their reputations have been adversely affected , probably forever , even if it turns out down the road that they should not have been , " Fehr said . After a Cabinet meeting on Friday , President Bush -- former owner of the Texas Rangers -- weighed in on the Mitchell report . "  Like many fans , I 've been troubled by the steroid allegations . I think it 's best that we not jump to any conclusions on individual players , " he said in the White House Rose Garden . "  Steroids have sullied the game , and players and the owners must take the Mitchell report seriously ; I 'm confident they will , " Bush said . "  And my hope is that this report is a part of putting the ` steroid era ' of baseball behind us . " He noted the influence that professional athletes have on young people . "  I urge those in the public spotlight , particularly athletes , to understand that when they violate their bodies they 're sending a terrible signal to America 's young . " In The New York Times , Hardin said innocent players would be smeared with the guilty . "  He has thrown a skunk into the jury box , and we will never be able to remove that smell , " Hardin told The Times . E-mail to a friend	Bush says he hopes report helps put "  steroid era " in past Pitcher 's lawyer : "  There has never been one shred of tangible evidence " Report author Mitchell says he has witnesses , paper trail Mitchell : Most players named in report chose not to meet with him
CNN  -- The true test of patience is peering for hours into a microscope waiting for a rotifer to open its mouth so you can snap a quick photo . That 's exactly what Rogelio Moreno did to win this year 's Nikon Small World competition , an annual event , now in its 40th year , which applauds the artistic merit and skill in microscopic images . For those who do n't know , rotifers are tiny aquatic animals typically 200 to 500 micrometers long , that 's less than half a millimeter , at best . They 're found in fresh water and moist soil , where they linger in raindrops feeding on phytoplankton and algae filtered through the crown of cilia -- which is also called a corona -- around their mouths . "  I have always wanted to capture an image where the rotifer show the complete corona in focus , so when I saw the heart-shaped corona I had a feeling it would be a very special picture , " Moreno told CNN . Moreno started taking microscopic images in his spare time just five years ago . He 's self-taught and , by day , works as a computer system programmer . Moreno has won a place every year since he started entering the competition three years ago . "  To take this image , I used a flash to freeze the movement of the rotifer and differential interference contrast  DIC  to show the beautiful details and the blue background , " he said . The photo was deemed the most striking and skillful of more than 1,200 entries from 79 countries . The top five images this year zoomed in on a calcite crystal , jumping spider eyes , a caterpillar proleg and cells of a bovine pulmonary artery -- proving that beauty can be found just about anywhere . READ MORE : 2013 winner on ` the limbo between art and science . "	2014 winner of Nikon photomicrography competition features open-mouthed rotifer Competition started in 1974 to find world 's best microscopic images 1,200 entries were received this year from 79 countries
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo continued his charge towards a maiden MotoGP world title with his seventh victory of the season in the Czech Grand Prix in Brno . The 23-year-old Spaniard held off compatriot and pole sitter Dani Pedrosa with Australia 's former world champion Casey Stoner completing the podium . Reigning world champion and Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi continued his remarkable comeback after a broken leg by claiming fifth . Yamaha has dominated this season with Lorenzo drawing level with the record held by Michael Doohan and Giacomo Agostino of finishing first or second in the first 10 races of the season in motorcyling 's elite category . "  It was a very difficult day as I had crashed in qualifying so my confidence was not so high . The wind made it difficult for the riders but for me its a fantastic win , " he told the official MotoGP website . Rossi signs for Ducati in two-year deal Honda 's Pedrosa was overtaken by Pedrosa on the first of the 22 laps and had to settle for second . He trails Lorenzo by 77 points in the title race . 2007 world champion Stoner was content to settle for third after a late change to the set-up of his Ducati on the morning of the race . Ben Spies of the United States finished fourth , just ahead of Rossi with two more Americans , Nicky Hayden and Colin Edwards , in sixth and seventh . A massive crowd of nearly 150,000 saw a Spanish hat-trick in the championship races . Toni Elias won the Moto2 category with Nicolas Terol leading a Spanish clean sweep of the podium in the 125cc race .	Jorge Lorenzo wins Czech MotoGP in Brno for his seventh win of the season Spanish star matches record of legends Giacomo Agostino and Michael Doohan Compatriot Dani Pedrosa finishes second with Casey Stoner in third Reigning world champion Valentino Rossi claims fifth place
CNN  -- Chris Pezzano , a soft-spoken man from Huntsville , Alabama , is passionate about horror . "  I 've been into the horror world since I was a kid , " he said , dressed in full zombie regalia at Walker Stalker Con this past weekend in Atlanta , Georgia . Zombies have never been bigger , evidenced -- or perhaps caused in part -- by the top-rated TV series , "  The Walking Dead . " Thousands of rabid zombie fans like Pezzano swarmed the Walker Stalker Con , hoping to meet "  Walking Dead " cast members such as Norman Reedus , Steven Yeun and Danai Gurira , and executive producer/special effects makeup designer Greg Nicotero . "  I 'm 44 years old , I probably look like I 'm 440 years old now , " said Pezzano who sometimes goes by the name "  Pezzombie . " It 's extremely rare for a horror series to gain an audience of this size . The only thing that comes close is "  The X-Files " at its height . So why exactly has "  The Walking Dead " infected the country like a zombie plague ? "  I think one of the main things very intriguing about the show is it allows you to vent some of your fears and frustrations and gives you an hour of being able to deal with the zombies in your own life , " said Nashville resident Eric Nordhoff , co-founder of Walker Stalker Con . Nordhoff and his neighbor James Frazier traveled to Senoia to watch the filming of the show . That led to a podcast which eventually led to a full-fledged fan convention . What separates "  The Walking Dead " from similar shows is that it is character - based , Nordhoff said . "  You 're investing in these characters and these people . There 's always the threat that someone could die at any moment . " Bite into the new season Roberto Reyes who traveled to the convention from San Luis Potosi , Mexico . "  Every episode brings new surprises , " he said . "  You 're living the experience with them . " But would some like to go as far as to actually live it ? "  I think in the back of some people 's minds , they want the zombie apocalypse to happen , with just the thrill of it all , " said Monique Franceschi of Cleveland . "  They think that 's what really happened , that Daryl Dixon  Reedus  will really show up on their doorstep , or Andrew Lincoln . " Then who better to settle this than the series ' star , Lincoln himself ? "  I think it just seems to have captured people 's imaginations , " he told CNN . "  I 've fallen in love with this ragtag group of misfits and I think that 's possibly what 's happening . People are rooting for the characters that they love every single weekend . It 's a real thing for them . They 're living through this hell with Rick and the survivors . " Lincoln made a point to attend Walker Stalker Con , to thank the fans in a rare convention appearance . "  The whole point of this is you get a dialogue with the fans . I feel more and more this is n't our show , it 's the fans ' show . " Fans such as Brandi Benton , a writer from Minneapolis , have certainly made it their own . "  The basis of the show is : ` Who are you gon na be ? ' " she said . "  When your world falls apart -- whether it 's a zombie apocalypse or life in general -- who are you going to choose to be ? Are you going to be a good person and try to do the right thing ? Are you going to let your circumstances determine who you 're going to be ? " "  The Walking Dead " will pose more intriguing questions this season , Lincoln said . "  Can we ever come back from the things we 've done and seen ? " he asked . "  After the brutality of the things we 've perpetrated , Can we be the same people we once were ? I think that 's a theme interwoven into everybody 's character arcs this season , no more so than Rick . A lot of his sacrifices and him pulling back from the brutality and the leadership role is because of his son . That relationship is certainly one of the most interesting relationships this season . " Suffice it to say , the fans at Walker Stalker Con -- from those covered in zombie makeup to those dressed as Rick Grimes and everyone in between -- will be among those tuning in for answers . A few questions with ` Walking Dead ' special effects guru Greg Nicotero CNN 's Anika Chin and Ashley Strickland contributed to this report .	Zombies never been bigger , evidenced by series , "  The Walking Dead " Walker Stalker Con hosted thousands of "  Walking Dead " and zombie fans Fans invested in characters and idea of surviving apocalypse
CNN  -- An Islamic militia took over two strategic towns in Somalia Tuesday in a territory grab by the strengthening insurgency , a regional commander told CNN . Islamist fighters from Al-Shabaab group in Somalia display their flag . The al-Shabaab militia seized the cities of Bulo Marer and Quryoley from the U.N.-backed government and its Ethiopian allies . The move gives the group a strategic base in central Somalia , where it also controls Kismayo , the country 's third-largest city . Al-Shabaab is an offshoot of an Islamic party that ruled much of the country in the second half of 2006 and aims to impose Islamic sharia law in Somalia . Nur Shekoy Jabril , the commander of government forces in Quryoley , said his troops withdrew from the two towns after they faced being overwhelmed by the al-Shabaab force . He said al-Shabaab forces were moving toward Merka , another major town in the region where the Untied Nations uses an air strip to fly in supplies for the World Food Programme . Somalia , which has not had a functioning government since 1991 , is in the throes of an Islamic insurgency which is battling for control of the country and the ouster of Ethiopian forces . A cease-fire between the some of the Islamic fighters and the Somali transitional government takes effect on Wednesday . The agreement was brokered by the United Nations and the African Union and signed late last month in Djibouti . It calls for Ethiopian forces -- who are supporting the transitional government forces -- to withdraw starting on November 21 . It is unclear if the cease-fire will hold as it has already been rejected by Al Shabaab . Somalia 's lawlessness also spilled onto the seas off the Horn of Africa , where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms .	The al-Shabaab militia seized the cities of Bulo Marer and Quryoley The move gives it a strategic base in central Somalia Al-Shabaab an offshoot of Islamic party that ruled in Somalia for much of 2006 The group aims to impose Islamic sharia law in Somalia
CNN  -- Would you be OK with a mosque in your community ? According to a new national poll , most Americans say yes , they would . A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey found that 69 % of Americans would be OK with a mosque in their area while 28 % would not . In CNN 's documentary "  Unwelcome : The Muslims Next Door , " Soledad O'Brien chronicles the dramatic fight over the construction of a mosque in the heart of the Bible Belt . What do you think about the controversy over building mosques in America ? Have you seen or participated in any demonstrations or marches ? Share your thoughts below .	CNN poll : 69 % of Americans would be OK with a mosque in their neighborhood CNN 's documentary "  Unwelcome : The Muslims Next Door " airs at 8 p.m. ET Share your thoughts : How would you feel about a mosque next door ?
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- One of Iraq 's top Shiite leaders died Wednesday after a lengthy battle with lung cancer , a senior official with his office told CNN . Iraqi Shiite leader Abdul Aziz al-Hakim , seen in a 2007 photo , was an ally of both the U.S. and Iran . Abdul Aziz al-Hakim , who was born in 1950 , died in Tehran , Iran , where he had been receiving treatment for more than two years , according to his adviser Haitham al-Husseini . Al-Hakim had recently suffered a medical setback , according to his party , which asked people to pray for him in a statement released on Sunday . His body will be sent to Iraq and he will be buried in his hometown of Najaf , one of the holiest cities for Shiite Muslims , al-Husseini said . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill and the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Ray Odierno , issued a joint statement expressing sadness over al-Hakim 's death and describing him as "  a national leader . " "  Throughout his life , His Eminence demonstrated courage and fortitude , contributing to the building of a new Iraq , " the statement said . "  We offer our sincere condolences to his family and colleagues . " Watch how al-Hakim helped shape Iraq 's future " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki also offered his condolences , saying al-Hakim was "  like an old brother . " Al-Maliki credited him for being a "  strong supporter during the phase of fighting the ousted regime and a key figure in the process of building the new Iraq . " "  His death at this critical stage that we are passing through is a great loss for Iraq , " al-Maliki said in the statement . Al-Hakim ended his more than 20-year exile in Iran in 2003 , when he returned to Iraq after U.S.-led forces toppled Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his regime . "  It was very emotional for me to meet with my people after Saddam fell , " al-Hakim said in a 2006 interview . "  I was longing to see them . My goal in this life is to serve those great people and I am very proud to be a part of them . " Iraqi Shiites were suppressed under the Hussein regime , which favored the country 's minority Sunni Muslims . Al-Hakim played a central role in shaping Iraq 's future following his return . During his exile , which began in the early 1980s , al-Hakim commanded the Badr Brigades , the military wing of the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq . SCIRI -- a religious movement that opposed the Hussein regime -- was led by al-Hakim 's brother until he was assassinated in August 2003 . Al-Hakim himself was also the target of numerous assassination attempts . He took over as the head of SCIRI and began his ascent to power as the Badr Brigades became the bulk of the Iraqi security forces in Iraq 's predominantly Shiite south . SCIRI changed its name to the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq in 2007 to remove the word "  revolution , " in an effort to reflect the current situation in Iraq . Al-Hakim had always propagated a message of peace , calling on Iraqis to stop taking part in the bitter sectarian conflict that followed the fall of Saddam Hussein . But despite his desire for a secular democracy in Iraq , he wanted a country that recognized the importance of religion , religious institutions and its authorities . Al-Hakim successfully harnessed the fervor generated from emotional religious rituals like Ashura and turned it into a powerful political platform . That ability led some to consider him Iraq 's most powerful man . His political bloc won the most seats in the Iraqi parliament in 2005 . And although al-Hakim never held a government position , he commanded respect from those who did . Government ministers would meet with him at his office , not theirs , and he was often seen in the company of former U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad . And when talks on Iraq 's constitution stalled , then-President George W. Bush called al-Hakim , not the Iraqi prime minister or president . Al-Hakim visited the United States three times during the Bush administration to address the situation in Iraq . But he remained artfully vague about Iran 's influence in Iraq , saying its role was a positive one -- in direct contradiction to the U.S. government , which raised concerns about what it called Iran 's "  meddling . " He cited the two predominantly Shiite Muslim countries ' shared border , historical and cultural relations , and emphasized the desire for strong ties . Al-Hakim 's death comes at a time of violent political turmoil in Iraq . The power of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq party he leaves behind is just as uncertain as the nation he so proudly wanted to serve . Al-Hakim was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2007 , and was first treated in the United States , then later in Iran . When he returned to Iraq later that year , he told CNN that he felt good . But it was around that time that it became apparent he was grooming his son , Ammar al-Hakim , to take over as head of ISCI . It was once Iraq 's most powerful Shiite political party , but ISCI lost much of its influence following elections in January , when politicians allied with al-Maliki won control of most of Iraq 's provincial councils . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. officials , Iraqi PM offer condolences , praise for Abdul Aziz al-Hakim Al-Hakim headed Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , helped shape Iraq 's future He never held public office , but was one of Iraq 's most powerful , respected leaders Al-Hakim was in neighboring Iran being treated for lung cancer
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- After weeks of large anti-government demonstrations in the capital , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra dissolved the nation 's parliament Monday and called for new elections . "  I do n't want our country and the Thai people to suffer from more losses , " Yingluck said in a televised address . "  I have decided to dissolve the house . " Her announcement came as protesters began marching toward her office , known as Government House , in the latest effort to put pressure on her administration . A day earlier , Thailand 's main opposition party said its roughly 150 members would resign en masse from parliament because they could no longer work with the government . "  This government is no longer justified to run the country , as this house is no longer justified . Today we resign to express that stance , " opposition party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva said . Dissolving parliament and calling elections appear unlikely to placate protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party . He has called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " Thaksin 's influence During the weeks of demonstrations , protesters have occupied various government offices . The rallies have been mostly peaceful , but clashes between protesters and government supporters on November 30 left five people dead . Protesters and police , who had confronted each other with tear gas and rocks in parts of Bangkok last week , agreed to a truce Tuesday in a show of respect for Thailand 's revered king , who celebrated his 86th birthday Thursday . Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where parties affiliated with Thaksin , who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland , have won every election since 2001 . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The current protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse Yingluck of being nothing more than Thaksin 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied .	NEW : Yingluck says she does n't want the country "  to suffer from more losses " The main opposition party had said its members would resign from parliament Democrat Party says it has about 150 lawmakers in parliament The Thai capital has seen large anti-government protests in recent weeks
CNN  -- A third U.S. Navy official has been charged in a case accusing them of accepting prostitution and other services from a Singapore-based defense contractor in exchange for business and favorable treatment , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in San Diego . U.S. Navy Cmdr. Jose Luis Sanchez , 41 , was arrested Wednesday in Florida and is expected to be taken to San Diego to face charges of conspiracy to commit bribery , the office said . Facing the same charge in Sanchez 's case is contractor Leonard Glenn Francis , a Malaysian citizen and CEO of Singapore-based Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd. . Francis -- arrested earlier this year in San Diego -- also is charged in the other Navy officials ' cases . Federal prosecutors allege Sanchez , as deputy logistics officer in the U.S. 7th Fleet and later as the Fleet Logistics Command 's operations director , directed Navy business and sensitive information to Francis ' company , which provides security , supplies and other services to U.S. Navy ships at various ports . In return , Francis gave Sanchez more than $ 100,000 , travel expenses and prostitutes during a period covering January 2009 to April 2013 , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Navy officer , NCIS agent arrested in multimillion-dollar bribery case "  According to the allegations in this case , a number of officials were willing to sacrifice their integrity and millions of taxpayer dollars for personal gratification , " U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy said Wednesday . "  While the overwhelming majority of the 400,000 active duty Navy personnel conduct themselves in a manner that is beyond reproach , we and our law enforcement partners ... continue to investigate the allegations of fraud and corruption that tarnish the stellar reputation of the U.S. Navy . " Sanchez is accused of giving Francis Navy ship schedules and other classified information to help Francis ' company win and maintain Navy business , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Sanchez is alleged to have e-mailed to Francis internal Navy discussions about the company , including legal opinions , and made recommendations in the company 's favor about port visits , according to the office . Federal prosecutors also allege that Francis , in an October 2011 e-mail , asked Sanchez to use his company to refuel a U.S. Navy ship at a Thai port . "  Ask and you shall receive . ... We worked this out this morning , " Sanchez allegedly responded in an e-mail , according to federal prosecutors . As a result , the USS Mustin paid more than $ 1 million for fuel from Francis ' company at Laem Chabang , Thailand -- more than twice what it would have cost under an agreement previously negotiated by the Navy , federal prosecutors allege . Francis "  allegedly hired female escorts for Sanchez and friends on multiple occasions , " the U.S. attorney 's office said in a news release . Calls seeking comment from Sanchez 's attorney -- assistant federal public defender Adam Allen of Florida -- and Francis ' attorney , Edward P. Swan Jr. of San Diego -- were n't immediately returned Thursday . Two other Navy officials -- Cmdr. Michael Vannak Khem Misiewicz and Naval Criminal Investigative Service Supervisory Special Agent John Bertrand Beliveau II -- were arrested in probes involving Francis ' company in September . According to federal prosecutors , Misiewicz , 46 , as deputy operations officer of the U.S. 7th Fleet , helped schedule visits of U.S. Navy ships to ports where Francis ' company worked . "  In return , Francis provided Misiewicz with paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the San Diego U.S. attorney 's office said . The information Misiewicz passed on to Francis was "  confidential , " meaning its disclosure could cause serious harm to U.S. national security , the U.S. attorney 's office said . It detailed Navy ship movements months in advance , according to the U.S. attorney . A separate complaint alleges Beliveau , 44 , provided Francis with information about an NCIS fraud investigation into his company 's dealings with the Navy . "  In exchange , Francis provided Beliveau with , among other things , paid travel , luxury hotel stays and prostitution services , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . The complaint states that Beliveau made arrangements to travel to Bangkok , Thailand , through the same travel agent Francis used . Read the complaint against Beliveau No evidence was found that Beliveau paid for his hotel or travel , or that he reimbursed Francis for the trip . Francis also arranged for a female escort to entertain Beliveau while there , according to the complaint . In return , Francis allegedly saved 125 NCIS investigative reports to his government computer . The affidavit states the reports were in connection with the NCIS investigation into Glenn Defense Marine Asia -- Francis ' company . All four men are charged with conspiring to commit bribery and could face up to five years in prison if convicted . Navy SEAL video game scandal Beliveau was arrested in Virginia and Misiewicz in Colorado , where he was serving with the U.S. Northern Command at Peterson Air Force Base . If true , the allegations against Misiewicz will tarnish what has been an inspiring immigrant success story . Born in Cambodia and adopted by an American woman serving in the U.S. Army in Phnom Penh , Misiewicz came to the United States in 1973 , a few years before the Khmer Rouge takeover of Cambodia . Millions died during the group 's brutal reign in what became known as the "  Killing Fields . " Misiewicz went on to earn his commission from the U.S. Naval Academy and in 2010 was in command of the destroyer USS Mustin when it made a port call in Cambodia . "  It is important for me to be strong and to remember and honor the sacrifices that were made for me , " Misiewicz said at the time , according to a Navy News Service report . "  Both Cambodians and Americans in my young life sacrificed life and happiness so I could have a better life . " "  Anything is possible . You can start anywhere , any place , if you 've got freedom and you have opportunity like we have in the U.S. , the sky is the limit , " he said in the report . Navy : Captain relieved , others investigated over questionable videos	Commander steered Navy business to contractor , complaint alleges Payoffs included prostitutes , $ 100,000 , according to U.S. attorney 's office U.S. Navy Cmdr. Jose Luis Sanchez charged with conspiracy to commit bribery
CNN  -- In a videotaped interrogation with Peruvian police broadcast Monday , Joran van der Sloot admitted that he hit , strangled and ultimately killed a 21-year-old woman last year in his Lima hotel room . Footage of the confession by the 24-year-old Dutch national was aired by America TV , a CNN affiliate , as well as other Peruvian news organizations . In it , an interrogator twice asks van der Sloot in Spanish whether he killed Stephany Flores . Both times , he answers yes . The admission is part of a lengthier conversation in which van der Sloot explains that he met the young woman in a casino in Miraflores , and then they went to his hotel room . There , the suspect said , he began hitting her after noticing that she had pulled up news about him on his computer . Wearing a hooded sweatshirt and smoking a cigarette , a seemingly calm van der Sloot answers a series of detailed questions about the case on the video . Among other things , he describes hitting the victim in the head with his elbow and putting two hands around her neck . Van der Sloot was arrested in June 2010 in relation to Flores ' death but was not formally charged until this month . The three Peruvian drivers who allegedly helped him flee to Chile after the incident are also charged in the case . Prosecutors want five-year prison sentences for them and fines of about $ 1,800 . Before he resigned as van der Sloot 's lawyer this year , Maximo Altez told In Session that his client attacked Flores after she found something on his computer that tied him to the disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway , who vanished while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba in 2005 . Van der Sloot was arrested twice but never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , which remains unsolved . "  My client ... admits having murdered the victim , but not with ferocity , for profit or pleasure , nor any of the other element  s  that make up this murder , but only by violent emotion that overtook him at the time he was attacked by the victim , " Altez said in a motion that was given to In Session . In a September 2010 jailhouse interview with a Dutch television station , van der Sloot refused to answer questions about the Flores case , saying it is "  not in my best interest to talk about it at all . " But he maintained that police tricked him into making a confession , saying they would not let him call his mother , talk to anyone or arrange for an attorney . Van der Sloot 's present attorney , Luis Jiminez Navarro , said this month that this client was willing to confess to a "  simple homicide " charge in relation to Flores ' death but not to more serious charges that would carry longer prison terms . Both the accused and the victim 's family disagree with the indictment proposed by prosecutor Miriam Riveros Castellares . She asked a three-judge panel to indict van der Sloot on charges of qualified murder and simple robbery , which carry 28-year and two-year sentences . He would also have to make a restitution payment of $ 73,000 to the victim 's family , if convicted . The judges received a proposed counter-indictment in writing from Navarro on September 12 , proposing van der Sloot would confess to the simple homicide charge that carried a 20-year maximum prison sentence . But the attorney for the family of the victim told the three judges that the prosecutor 's proposed indictment against van der Sloot had "  mistakes , " a news release from the court said . According to Navarro , the Flores family 's lawyer Edward Alvarez Yrala asked the court to charge van der Sloot with a charge similar to aggravated murder , which carries a maximum sentence of life in prison .	A video is aired Monday by America TV and other Peruvian news organizations Van der Sloot tells police he killed Stephany Flores and describes how he did it He was arrested in June 2010 and charged this month in the woman 's death His lawyer has said his client would confess to "  simple homicide " but not other charges
CNN  -- The remains of an Oregon teenager missing for more than 25 years were recently identified by authorities , and police are looking into whether she might have been a victim of Gary Ridgway , known as the "  Green River Killer . " Police believe Ridgway could be responsible for the death of Angela Marie Girdner because her body was found within a mile of the remains of two other women that Ridgway admitted killing , the county sheriff 's office said . Those bodies were found in Washington County , Oregon , near Portland . The bodies of Ridgway 's other 46 victims were found in the Seattle , Washington , area . The most prolific known serial killer in U.S. history , Ridgway is serving 48 consecutive life sentences . He has denied involvement in Girdner 's death , as well as that of Tammie Liles , whose remains were found near Girdner 's . Girdner was 16 when she was reported missing by her parents in May 1983 , authorities said . She was a straight-A student at her Catholic high school "  until she met the wrong people , " they said . Girdner rode a bus from her home in Portland to Beaverton to school , and her parents believe she met people on the bus line "  who turned her life upside down with drugs and eventually prostitution . " The last time Girdner 's parents heard from her was in July 1983 , police said : "  She called and told her mother that she was OK , but did not say where she was at that time . " Girdner was killed sometime between that phone call and early 1985 . Her skeletal remains were found April 22 , 1985 , in a wooded area of Tualatin , Oregon . It was one of two bodies found by people walking in the area . The bodies , however , were unidentified for years . "  Both bodies were badly decomposed and there were only traces of clothing discovered with them , " the sheriff 's statement said . The other body was identified in 1998 as being that of Liles , who was last seen in June 1983 working as a prostitute in the Seattle area . She was reported missing by her family in March 1988 , and her body was identified using dental records . In June 1985 , two months after the remains of Girdner and Liles were found , two other sets of skeletal remains were found within a mile of where theirs were . "  Detectives recognized the similarities with the Seattle area 's Green River killings that were predominant in the news at the time , " the sheriff 's statement said . They contacted the Green River Task Force at the King County , Washington , Sheriff 's Office , and the bodies were eventually identified as those of Shirley Shirell and Denise Bush . Both women were known Seattle prostitutes , authorities said , and both had been reported missing . Girdner 's remains were sent to the Oregon State Medical Examiner 's Office , which sent them to the King County Medical Examiner 's Office in Seattle for possible identification . King County could not identify the remains , so they were sent back to Oregon . "  Unfortunately , somewhere in the transfer process they were misplaced , " the Washington County Sheriff 's Office said . "  Earlier this year , Angela 's remains resurfaced at the Clackamas County -LSB- Oregon -RSB- Medical Examiner 's Office . " After realizing the bones did not belong to a Clackamas County case , authorities sent them back to the state medical examiner , who notified Washington County of the unidentified bones . Sheriff 's detectives asked the medical examiner 's office to compare the remains once again with dental records of missing people in the area . "  Based on the investigation conducted over the years , Angela 's remains were compared to the dental records her dentist had submitted in 1985 , " in October , authorities said . "  They matched . " Ridgway , now 60 , was arrested in 2001 in King County for the murders of five women . He later admitted he was the "  Green River Killer " and pleaded guilty to murdering 48 women , including Shirell and Bush . "  Ridgway claimed that he killed -LSB- Shirell and Bush -RSB- in King County and later transported the bodies to Oregon , " Washington County authorities said . "  Shirley , Denise and Tammie were all reported missing from the Seattle area . Angela was reported missing from the Portland area , and detectives have not received any information that she was in the Seattle area prior to her death . " But , the statement said , "  because of the close proximity of Tammie 's and Angela 's remains to the remains of Shirley and Denise , the locations where their bodies were disposed of and the time frame for the murders , detectives believe that Gary Ridgway is responsible for their deaths . " Ridgway 's plea agreement in Washington state would not preclude his prosecution in Oregon , Washington County sheriff 's Sgt. David Thompson told CNN . Although Ridgway has denied responsibility , detectives are reviewing the cases and re-examining evidence collected over the years , police said . Anyone with information about either Girdner or Liles during 1983 , 1984 and 1985 is asked to contact the Washington County Sheriff 's Office . The Green River case takes its name from a river south of Seattle where Ridgway began dumping his victims in 1982 . Most of the women were prostitutes . Ridgway has said he targeted prostitutes "  because I thought I could kill as many as I wanted without getting caught . " He said he killed because he hated prostitutes and did n't want to pay them for sex , and claimed he killed so many women he had a hard time keeping them straight .	Teenager 's misplaced remains are identified more than 20 years after her death Angela Marie Girdner was found near the remains of two women linked to Gary Ridgway Ridgway , known as "  Green River Killer , " admitted 48 slayings but denied killing Girdner
CNN  -- It could 've paid for some wedding . With fiancée Caroline Wozniacki watching , golf star Rory McIlroy thought they were in for an unexpected early gift in Dubai on Saturday . Seeking the record $ 2.5 million on offer for a hole-in-one at the 325-yard par-four 17th hole , the former world No. 1 saw his drive roll agonizingly past the cup . "  I saw the pitch mark and it must have just run past the hole -- it could have paid for my wedding , " joked the Northern Irishman , who proposed to his tennis star girlfriend in Sydney on New Year 's Eve . "  It 's a great shot to get it on that green and try to get it in the hole . I 'll go for it again tomorrow and see what happens , " he told reporters . But perhaps foremost in the 25-year-old 's mind on Sunday will be winning his first European Tour title in 14 months as he seeks to regain the lead from defending Desert Classic champion Stephen Gallacher . The Scot carded a sizzling nine-under-par 63 in Saturday 's third round to claim a two-shot advantage over McIlroy , who shot 69 . The 39-year-old was 10 under for the last 10 holes as he fired eight birdies and an eagle in his bid to become the first player to retain the title on the tournament 's 25th anniversary . "  That 's a great stretch of holes and hopefully he does n't continue it tomorrow ! " said 2009 winner McIlroy , who played with Gallacher in the opening two rounds -- also carding 63 on the opening day before a bout of food poisoning saw him struggle to 70 on Friday . McIlroy was denied victory in Abu Dhabi last month after a two-shot penalty incurred in the third round following an incident flagged up by a playing partner 's caddy . His last victory on the European Tour came at the season-ending championship in Dubai in November 2012 , when he clinched a money-list double by adding to his PGA Tour title . "  I got off to another shaky start , " he said of Saturday 's effort , in which he bogeyed the opening hole but rebounded with an eagle at the par-five third . "  The conditions were tricky out there , it was breezy . It was tough to get close to some of these pins . " Veteran Dane Thomas Bjorn , the 2001 champion , shot 65 to be tied for third with 23-year-old American Brooks Koepa , who signed for 70 -- both were four shots adrift of Gallacher . World No. 1 Tiger Woods , the winner in 2006 and 2008 , was 11 strokes off the pace in a tie for 37th after four-birdie 70 which left the American on five-under 211 . "  I wasted a lot of opportunities out there , " Woods told reporters . "  I only hit a couple of bad shots , missed a ton of putts and just threw away a lot of shots . " Meanwhile , former Masters champion Bubba Watson shared the halfway lead at the PGA Tour 's Phoenix Open . Watson followed his opening 64 with a 66 , but was caught at the top as Matt Jones carded a second successive 65 . British Open champion Phil Mickelson was eight shots off the pace after his 67 on Friday .	Rory McIlroy two shots off the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after a 69 on Saturday Former world No. 1 comes close to earning a $ 2.5 million prize for a hole-in-one He is upstaged by defending champion Stephen Gallacher , who shoots third-round 63 Top-ranked Tiger Woods in a tie for 37th , 11 shots back after carding two-under-par 70
