Europe will stage its own "  Olympics " in 2015 , the region 's 49 member committees voted on Saturday . The Azerbaijan capital of Baku will host the first European Games , with around 15 sports to be on the program for the event -- which will be held "  in spring or early summer " according to the European Olympic Committees website . The decision may put it in conflict with other sporting bodies . The International Athletics Federation will stage its world championships in Beijing in August 2015 , while the swimming world championships will be held in Russia in July that year . The European Games will come a year ahead of the next Summer Olympics , to be held in Brazil . "  The NOCs of Europe voted the proposal by secret ballot with an overwhelming majority , " the EOC website reported after day two of the body 's 41st general assembly in Rome . "  There are plenty of technical details to decide , but the Assembly has above all shown its will to go ahead and make this sports event , which is in no way intended to be a copy of the Olympic Games , a tool with which to enhance the attractiveness of sport . "  The NOCs have received assurance that the event will not cost them a penny , but bring them financial gains . " The idea of a European Games was first mooted three years ago but has been "  in the ` Olympic air ' for a long time , " the EOC said . Baku bidded to host the 2020 Summer Olympics but failed to make the IOC 's shortlist as Istanbul , Madrid and Tokyo were selected . The vote for the host city will take place next September . "  The Baku delegation illustrated their project , presenting a modern and dynamic city that is practically ready to host this new sports event , " the EOC said .	Azerbaijan 's capital Baku to host the first European Games in 2015 European Olympic Committees ' 49 members vote to launch the event The EOC says it has "  plenty of technical details to decide " The Games will be in same year as athletics and swimming worlds
Something struck Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's aunt when her nephew arrived in southern Russia last year . He prayed regularly , she said . He avoided looking women in the eye . His transformation into a devout Muslim was a radical change . Less than a year since Pateimat Suleimanova last saw her nephew , he is dead . The FBI says he and his younger brother were behind the Boston Marathon bombings that killed three people and injured more than 170 . Authorities say Tsarnaev died after a gunfight with police early Friday . But the suspects ' possible motive remains a mystery . And a key question has emerged as investigators comb through clues : What did Tsarnaev do during a trip to Russia from January to July of last year ? According to family accounts , Tsarnaev visited Makhachkala , where his father lives . After Tsarnaev returned to the United States in mid-July , a video of an Islamic militant known as Abu Dujana was posted and then removed from Tsarnaev 's YouTube channel . Suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis shows Five months after Tsarnaev left Makhachkala , Russian security forces there killed Abu Dujana during a gunbattle that left a home in shambles . It 's unclear whether Tsarnaev ever met Abu Dujana , or had any ties with the militant group he led . Information about Tsarnaev 's trip to Russia has been hard to come by . But speaking to CNN from Makhachkala on Monday , Suleimanova revealed new details about what Tsarnaev did there , and how his family perceived his behavior . The Dagestan connection Side trip to Chechnya Suleimanova said Tsarnaev traveled to Chechnya twice , likely going to see his father 's family in Gudermes and Chiriyurt -- towns less than 200 kilometers  about 125 miles  away that were flashpoints in fighting between Russian forces and Chechan rebels during their longstanding tensions in 1990s . Tsarnaev was born in 1986 in Kyrgyzstan to an ethnically Chechen family , his uncle said last week . His birthplace is in a part of the world that 's no stranger to violence or terrorism , and the Tsarnaev family saw that firsthand . The family fled violence in Kyrgyzstan and lived in Chechnya when war broke out there between separatists and Russian forces in 1999 , Suleimanova told CNN . But she described her nephew 's visit to the region last year as a peaceful trip focused on rebuilding family connections . "  He tried to reestablish family ties . ... He went to see people , people came to see him , and of course , he went to pray , " she said . During the trip , she said , what surprised her and others in the family was the way Tsarnaev 's behavior had changed since he went to the United States in 2003 . It had become more conservative . "  They had n't prayed before they went to America . Nobody taught him , " Suleimanova said . "  He learned everything himself . " The change was notable , she said . "  At the same time , " she said , "  we were happy about it , because he did n't start doing drugs or alcohol and adopted the path to Islam . " Tsarnaev 's parents were n't as devout , she said . "  And it is very strange to me that it was him who adopted Islam , not his father , not his mother , but himself , " she said . "  But it 's not so strange because nowadays the children study Islam and teach their parents , and that 's exactly how it turned out with him . " Tsarnaev 's behavior made his beliefs clear , she said . Source : Suspect says brother was brains behind attack "  You know , he and other men do n't even touch other women , I mean , he does n't speak to them  other women  , " she recalls . "  He could speak to his sisters , his cousins and me , and other women are of no significance to him because it 's a sin to even look at other women in the eye . " That faith , Suleimanova said , was one reason she believes there is no way her nephews could be behind the Boston bombings . "  In Islam , killing a non-Muslim is like killing all humanity , " she said , "  and killing a Muslim is like killing the whole world . " Suleimanova recalled being with Tsarnaev 's parents last week as the same grainy pictures of their sons that were broadcast around the world flashed on their television screen . His father , Anzor Tsarnaev , pointed . He was certain the two men were his sons . Their mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaeva , the aunt remembered , grabbed the television . "  It ca n't be , it ca n't be happening , " she screamed . "  I do n't believe it . Children are dead ! " Earlier that week , Zubeidat had been worried for her sons after hearing about the explosions . When she asked how they were doing in a phone conversation , the brothers said they loved her and that everything was "  pretty normal , " Suleimanova said . "  Mommy , we are totally fine , " they said , according to Suleimanova . "  We miss your warmth and your caress . " Suspect 's wife ` very distraught ' Russia 's fight with Islamic militants In a building on the other side of the city , the walls are still scarred from a fierce gunbattle between Russian security forces and Islamist militants that erupted last year . Fallen cinder blocks litter the ground inside . Neighbors told CNN that Abu Dujana and the other young men who once lived in the building seemed peaceful and ordinary . But in late December 2012 , authorities brought in an armored vehicle to kill Abu Dujana , whose real name was Gadzhimurad Dolgatov . There are no clues in the rubble left behind that offer answers to a troubling question : Why did Tsarnaev 's YouTube page link to the rants of the militant who died here ? In August 2012 , soon after returning from Russia to the United States , Tsarnaev apparently created a YouTube channel with links to a number of videos . Two videos under a category labeled "  Terrorists " have since been deleted . It 's not clear when or by whom . One of those videos showed Abu Dujana , who led a small militant group that had links to the most potent Islamist group in the region . U.S. officials told CNN analyst Tom Fuentes on Sunday they have found no further connection between Tsarnaev and Abu Dujana , but the investigation into his activities overseas continues . In 2011 , before his visit to Russia , Moscow asked the FBI to investigate Tamerlan Tsarnaev in the United States , according to the FBI . "  The request stated that it was based on information that he was a follower of radical Islam and a strong believer , and that he had changed drastically since 2010 as he prepared to leave the United States for travel to the country 's region to join unspecified underground groups , " the FBI said in a statement . Some details have also emerged about what Tsarnaev did after he returned from Russia , including a January incident at a mosque in Cambridge , Massachusetts . During a sermon about gaining inspiration from the story of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , Tsarnaev interrupted the preacher , the Islamic Society of Boston said in a statement Monday . Tsarnaev stood up , shouted at the preacher , accused him of "  contaminating people 's mind " and called him a hypocrite , the society said , citing accounts from congregants . Some members of the congregation shouted back at Tsarnaev , telling him to "  leave now . " Leaders of the mosque later told him he would no longer be welcome at the mosque if he continued to interrupt sermons . At future prayers , he was quiet . Suspects : An immigrant journey that went off track	Aunt of alleged Boston bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev speaks with CNN in Russia She sheds light on Tsarnaev 's Russian visit from January - July of 2012 He visited town where an Islamist militant was killed in December 2012 A video of the militant was posted , then removed from Tsarnaev 's YouTube channel
CNN  -- Roy McConnell and his three sons left their wives and children to go see the film "  Predators " in St. Petersburg , Florida , Saturday night . They were enjoying a family reunion with a week at the beach . Around 4:30 a.m. Sunday morning , Anais McConnell woke up and noticed her husband , Nathan , was n't lying beside her . She got out of bed and woke up the other women in the house . They waited on the sofa for the men to return , hoping they had n't been carjacked . They saw a television report about an accident involving a black car , similar to the one the men drove to the movies , that left four people dead , but they did n't want to consider the possibility that it could be their loved ones . Anais McConnell said police were n't returning their phone calls . Hours later , authorities showed up on their porch to bring them the news : Their husbands were dead . Anais McConnell , as well as her sister-in-law and mother-in-law , were widows . Nathan , 24 ; his father , 51 , and his two brothers , Elroy III , 28 , and Kelly , 19 , were killed by a drunk driver who ran a red light , police said . Their widows spoke about their losses during a news conference Tuesday in Orlando , Florida , holding framed photographs of the men . They said they hope that sharing their story will make people think twice before getting behind the wheel after drinking . "  He wanted to teach our son how to play football and how to treat a girl right , " said Elroy McConnell 's wife , Sandie . "  I know that people will drink and drive , but know that this could have been any of you . I hope and pray that the next time you drink and drive you think about this . " Demetrius Jordan , the driver of the other car , has been charged with four counts of manslaughter while driving under the influence and one count of serious injury while driving under the influence , according to a report from the St. Petersburg Police Department . Jordan , 20 , and his passenger , Mario Robinson , also 20 , were taken to Bayfront Hospital with serious injuries soon after the midnight accident . The McConnell men were pronounced dead at the scene , according to the report . Kelly McConnell had celebrated his 19th birthday with his family and girlfriend the day before , a family member said . As the women described the men 's accomplishments and characters , there were some chuckles and many tears . One of the women , debilitated by grief , was carried off in the middle of the news conference . The reality was still hard to accept , but they did n't want to dwell on why this happened to them , a few said . "  I hope we could work toward forgiveness , " said Amy Voelker , Roy McConnell 's widow , who also lost her three sons . "  We want to honor our guys ... it would be tragic to let that young man 's decision affect us in a negative way . " Voelker said the family members who stood beside her during the news conference represented only a fraction of the people affected by the men 's deaths , and she hoped others could learn from the horror that had befallen her family . "  I 'd hate for anyone else to have to bear this type of tragedy , " she said . As the news conference ended , family members placed the men 's photographs around a tree , where others could see and remember .	Roy McConnell , three sons were killed in a crash in St. Petersburg Saturday night The men 's wives say they waited up for them , hoping they were OK Family members urged people to think of their experience and not drink and drive Demetrius Jordan has been charged with 4 counts of DUI manslaughter
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Representatives for North and South Korea agreed that October would be a good time to do another round of reunions for families separated by the Korean war , the South Korean Unification Ministry said Friday . But both sides are still negotiating details such as where the reunion will be . If talks do not go well on where the reunions will be , the event could be canceled . The two sides agreed to hold the reunions on October 21 to 27 . They could not agree on how many families to include in the reunion , and where it should be held , the ministry said . The North had proposed resuming the reunions , which traditionally happen around the Koreas ' autumn harvest holiday . It falls on September 22 this year . Two Red Cross officials and 14 delegates from South Korea crossed the armed border into North Korea on Friday morning to meet with counterparts , according to the Yonhap news agency . Millions of families were separated by the Korean War , which ended in 1953 with a cease-fire , but no formal peace treaty . About 10,000 people applied to take part in a similar reunion last year , but fewer than 200 families were allowed to participate . Family members wept as they saw one another for the first time in decades . No mail , telephone or e-mail exchanges exist between ordinary citizens across the Korean border . Yoon Ki-Dal , 88 , of South Korea thought such a moment would never come . After leaving his son and daughters when they were babies during the Korean War , he was able to hold the hands of his North Korean children last September . "  Father , we thought you were dead , " his daughter , who was in her 60s , told him , her face trembling . The families were allowed to spend a few days together before the South Koreans had to return home .	NEW : They do not agree on a place or how many families may participate Millions of families were separated by the Korean War , which ended in 1953 About 10,000 people applied to reunite last year , but fewer than 200 families were chosen
CNN  -- The parents of a 15-year-old Massachusetts high school student who committed suicide after being bullied by her classmates received a nearly quarter-million-dollar settlement , according to documents made public after a months-long attempt to uncover details of the agreement . The settlement was reached with the town of South Hadley in November of 2010 , but it was only made public Tuesday after a reporter successfully sued to gain access to the records . The reporter , Emily Bazelon from Slate Magazine , filed the public records lawsuit on December 2 with assistance from the American Civil Liberties Union , after first requesting the documents in May . Superior Court Judge Mary-Lou Rup on Friday ordered the settlement be made public , adding that Bazelon "  demonstrated that she , in her role as a news reporter , and the public have a First Amendment right to access the information contained in these settlement documents . " The agreement centers around the case of Phoebe Prince , whose body was found last year hanging in the stairway leading to her family 's second-floor apartment . On the day she died , Prince had endured a torrent of verbal abuse that began at the school library and continued as she walked home from school in tears , according to prosecutors . Her parents , Anne O'Brien and Jeremy Prince , received the $ 225,000 settlement sum after filing a complaint with the state 's Commission Against Discrimination in 2010 , arguing that South Hadley Public Schools failed to address hazing that preceded their daughter 's death . The settlement prohibits Prince 's parents from again suing the town over Prince 's suicide , but it also binds them to a confidentiality agreement that prevents publicizing details of the agreement . In a letter written to the Slate reporter on May 9 , town officials pointed to a confidentiality clause in the agreement as reason for keeping the record sealed . "  I did not want to violate the trust of the people who entered into it with that confidentiality clause in it , " town counsel Edward J. Ryan Jr. told CNN . Civil rights advocacy groups have since hailed Friday 's decision . "  A public document does not become private because the government inserts a confidentiality clause or a nondisclosure clause , " said Newman . According to the court order , public records are defined as "  all books , papers , maps , photographs , recorded tapes , financial statements " and other items "  made or received by any officer or employee of any agency . "	Phoebe Prince 's parents receive $ 225,000 settlement after daughter 's 2010 suicide 15-year-old Prince hanged herself in January 2010 after being bullied by classmates Details of settlement made public after reporter sues Massachusetts town for access
CNN  -- When all is said and done , Wendy Leigh is just a name on a book cover . Sometimes her name is accompanied by the word "  with , " or , in the case of one juicy memoir , the phrase "  assisted by , edited by , and put into proper English by ... " Leigh is a celebrity ghostwriter -- as crucial to the publishing process as paper and ink . "  Clearly I am not sitting there holding a pen with the -LSB- celebrity -RSB- , " said Leigh , who has co-written autobiographies with Zsa Zsa Gabor and Madonna 's brother Christopher Ciccone . "  It 's a very delicate relationship , " she said . "  I 'm not there as an interrogator . ... Nothing will go in that book that they do n't want . But that 's not to say you 're not going to do quite a bit of coaxing and convincing . " Leigh 's latest , Barbara Eden 's "  Jeannie Out of the Bottle " is due out in 2011 . Dan Strone , the CEO of Trident Media Group , a New York-based literary agency , said the reason celebrity memoirs are taking over bookshelves is simple : People buy them . More than 80 celebrity autobiographies have already been published this year . "  When certain books do well , publishers want more of those books . These books have been doing really well : The Toris -LSB- Tori Spelling -RSB- and the Kendras -LSB- Kendra Wilkinson -RSB- and the Jon Stewarts , " he said . And with the increased interest in celebrity memoirs comes a need for people who can help get the celebrity 's words down on paper . Enter Leigh , and a small circle of Hollywood ghostwriters . "  Sometimes celebrities will try to write a book themselves . ... But because everything in their life seems important , you get to page 200 and they 're only 12 years old , " Strone said . "  It 's difficult to sit there by yourself and remember your life because you 're in the center of it . " And not every star has the skill set or even the time to sit down and write an autobiography , said Stone . And it 's not just memoirs . Some celebrities employ ghostwriters to help bring their novels to life . But according to ghostwriter Jon Warech , there is little appeal to co-writing someone 's novel . "  The argument could be made that more people are going to read it or see it that way , but you 're just handing over the credit to someone else , " said Warech , who has co-authored memoirs with Kendra Wilkinson and Jodie Sweetin . "  But a memoir is their life . They deserve the credit because they lived it . All I 'm doing is helping them put it on paper . " Warech said , despite being responsible to tell someone else 's life story , there 's little pressure involved . "  It 's all about staying realistic , " he said . "  If someone knows who they are ... and what their fan base is looking for , that 's really helpful . " But even with the most accommodating , self-aware subject , ghostwriting is not for everyone , Strone said . "  You have to be sort of a shrink -- taking someone through their life , you need patience and put your own ego away because you 're not the boss . " As a ghostwriter , "  you 're part psychoanalyst , part best friend , part lion tamer , part interviewer and part nanny , " Leigh said . "  You have to crack the whip now and again . " Leigh recalls working with Gabor , who went through co-authors like she went through husbands . Leigh , the fifth and final writer to attempt Gabor 's memoir , ended up uncovering a long list of lovers Gabor had previously chosen to keep under wraps -- simply by asking -- including a secret affair with Frank Sinatra . "  I thought , ` Well , she 's met all these people . ... If I had met those people , who would I have had affairs with ? ' " Leigh used the same techniques when helping Madonna 's younger brother Christopher Ciccone write his best-selling memoir , "  Life With My Sister Madonna . " "  I knew this was the most amazing topic . ... You could feel Madonna 's breath on your face when he talked . " "  We live in an age where there 's so much out there , " Leigh said . "  You 're very lucky if you have a scoop . " Even so , there 's no guarantee that the scoop will end up in finished product , hence the aforementioned coaxing . "  It 's the celebrity 's book , " Strone said . "  You ca n't make someone put something in a book that they do n't want to put in it . They 're not on the witness stand . I 'm not saying they do n't tell the truth , but , sometimes , stories are told up to a certain point . " But Leigh and Warech agree : It usually does n't take much to convince subjects to include salacious information . "  They -LSB- usually -RSB- know it 's important and they just want to hear someone else remind them , " Warech said . Leigh agreed : "  It 's like an impressionist painting : little brush strokes . You do n't want to tread on any sensitivities , yet you do n't want to leave stones unturned . "	Celebrity memoirs fill bookshelves before the holiday season Many celebrities might not have the time or skill set to write their own books , expert says Five ghostwriters worked with Zsa Zsa Gabor before her memoirs were finally finished
CNN  -- Two-time champions Nigeria failed to qualify for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations after being held 2-2 by Guinea on Saturday . Second-half goals from strikers Victor Obinna and Ikechukwu Uche put Nigeria 2-1 ahead in Abuja , but Ibrahima Traore 's 90th-minute equalizer ensured that Guinea finished top of Group B by three points . The Super Eagles missed out on one of the runner-up spots as two of their three wins came against bottom nation Madagascar -- and only results against the top and third-placed teams count . Nigeria won the tournament in 1980 and 1994 , and finished third in four of the last five stagings . South Africa , champions in 1996 , also failed to qualify for next year 's event in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon after being held 0-0 at home by Sierra Leone . Niger went through from Group G instead on head-to-head results despite losing 3-0 in Egypt , after both nations finished on nine points . Ghana , runners-up in 2010 , qualified in first place from Group I after a 2-0 win away to Sudan thanks to first-half goals from striker Asamoah Gyan and defender John Mensah . Sudan could yet claim the remaining runner-up spot depending on the results of Sunday 's Group D and H matches . Libya shook off the north African country 's political strife to seal a place as Group C runners-up after a 0-0 draw away to Zambia , who clinched top spot . Mali went through as Group A winners despite conceding an injury-time equalizer in the 2-2 draw away to Liberia . Cedric Kante put the visitors 2-1 ahead in the 87th minute but Patrick Wieh leveled in the second minute of time added on . Cape Verde Islands also ended on 10 points after beating Zimbabwe 2-1 , but finished second on head-to-head results and missed out on a 2012 place on goal difference . Burkina Faso topped Group F after drawing 1-1 with Gambia , but face an appeal from Namibia -- who complained about the fielding of Cameroon-born defender Herve Zengue in their two defeats . Angola topped Group J after winning 2-0 away to Guinea Bissau . Uganda 's 33-year wait to qualify continues after a 0-0 draw with Kenya left the nation a point adrift in second place . Tunisia joined Botswana in qualifying from the five-team Group K after a 2-0 home win against Togo clinched second place . Malawi missed out following a 2-2 draw away to Chad , with Karl Max Barthelemy earning a point for the home side in the fourth minute of time added on .	Nigeria and South Africa fail to qualify for 2012 Africa Cup of Nations Super Eagles eged out by Guinea in Group B after conceding late equalizer South Africa also missed out on overall runner-u spot after being held at home Ghana qualified along with Mali , Libya , Niger , Angola and Tunisia
CNN  -- The pilot of the Asiana Airlines plane that crashed in San Francisco on Saturday was making his first landing with a Boeing 777 at San Francisco International Airport , the airline said . But it was n't his first time flying to San Francisco . The pilot , Lee Kang-gook , had flown from Seoul to the city several times between 1999 and 2004 , the airline said . He has also clocked 43 hours flying a Boeing 777 . -LSB- Previous story , updated at 10:14 p.m. ET -RSB- NTSB : Pilots attempted to abort landing 1.5 seconds before impact CNN  -- The cockpit voice recorder of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 appears to show the pilots tried to abort the landing less than two seconds before the plane crashed on the runway at San Francisco International Airport , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday . The plane 's voice and flight data recorders show that the flight from South Korea was coming in too slow and too low and that the pilots appear to have increased speed seven seconds before impact , Deborah Hersman said . A stall warning sounded four seconds before the crash , and the crew then made an internal decision "  to initiate a go-around 1.5 seconds to impact , " she said . The NTSB 's preliminary assessment of the plane 's cockpit and flight data recorders appear to indicate that the flight went from a routine landing to a disaster in a matter of seconds . But when asked if pilot error was to blame , Hersman said the crash landing was still under investigation . "  I would discourage anyone from drawing any conclusions at this point , " she said , adding that investigators are still working to corroborate the information on the recorders . But what happened inside the cockpit of the Boeing 777 may well be the key factor in Saturday 's accident that killed two people , injured 182 and forced the temporary closure of one of the country 's largest airports . Amateur video obtained exclusively by CNN on Sunday shows the plane approaching the runway and striking what appears to be a seawall before spinning counterclockwise and coming to a stop . Fred Hayes said he shot the video about a mile from the crash scene . Related : Asiana Airlines crash : At a glance Some of the answers to what happened may just hinge on what investigators found on the voice and flight data recorders . "  What we need to do is corroborate the information we have both on the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , " Hersman said . " ... But I 'll tell you some of the things we are seeing on the flight data recorder are mirroring some of the things that are going on on the cockpit voice recorder . " For example , she said , the increase of power in the engines appears to correlate with the cockpit crew 's internal decision to do a "  go-around , " a call to abort the landing and try it again . Asiana Flight 214 , with 291 passengers and 16 crew members , was at the end of a more than 10-hour direct flight from Seoul , South Korea , when it began its descent . According to the recorders , the flight 's approach appeared normal as the 777 descended , and "  there is no discussion of aircraft approach " among the crew . The target air speed for the approach of the flight was 137 knots , and the crew can be heard on the cockpit voice recorder acknowledging the speed , Hersman said . But the speed was significantly below 137 knots , and "  we are not talking about a few knots , " she said . At about four seconds before the plane crash landed , the pilots received an "  aural and physical " warning inside the cockpit that the plane was on the verge of an aerodynamic stall , meaning it was about to lose its ability to stay in the air . The warning -- known as a "  stick shaker " -- included a verbal warning the plane that was flying too low and a physical warning when the throttle shook . South Korean and NTSB investigators will jointly question Lee Kang-gook , the pilot who was sitting in the captain 's seat of Asiana Flight 214 , on Monday , Choi Jeong-ho , the head of South Korean 's Aviation Policy Bureau , said . Lee had 43 hours of experience flying the B777-200 , he said . They will also question Lee Jeong-min , who was sitting in the co-pilot 's seat , Choi said . Asiana CEO and President Yoon Young-doo has said there was no engine failure , to his knowledge . South Korean investigators will work alongside U.S. investigators . The NTSB has ruled out weather as a problem and said that conditions were right for a "  visual landing . " But investigators are looking into whether construction at the airport may have played a role . Construction to extend a runway safety area temporarily shut off the so-called glide slope system , which is one of several options pilots have to help them land planes safely , Hersman said . Internal damage to the plane is "  really striking , " she said , and officials are thankful there were n't more deaths . Survivors of the crash were being treated Sunday for injuries ranging from paralysis to "  severe road rash . " In all , 182 people were hospitalized and 123 others walked away from the crash landing . The number who emerged unscathed prompted the city 's fire chief to describe it as "  nothing short of a miracle . " On the runway , medics found the bodies of the two teen girls lying next to burning wreckage . They were identified by Asiana Airlines as Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia , both Chinese nationals . "  We were expecting a lot of burns , " said Dr. Margaret Knudson , San Francisco General Hospital 's chief of surgery . "  But we did n't see them . " At San Francisco General , 17 survivors remained hospitalized , six of them in critical condition . Related : Passengers knew they were too low Many of the injured said they were sitting toward the rear of the aircraft , said Knudson . Several suffered abdominal injuries and spine fractures , some of which include paralysis and head trauma , she said . Many patients also were treated for "  severe road rash , " which suggests "  that they were dragged , " Knudson said . The conditions of victims at other hospitals were not made public Sunday . Survivors and witnesses reported the 7-year-old airliner appeared to be flying too low as it approached the end of a runway near the bay . Expert : The plane ` should never have been close to the seawall ' Airport technology called the Instrument Landing System , or ILS -- which normally would help pilots correctly approach the runway -- was not operating at the time , according to a Federal Aviation Administration bulletin . The ILS integrates with the aircraft 's cockpit to trigger an audible warning , consultant and retired 777 pilot Mark Weiss told CNN . "  You hear a mechanical voice that says , ` too low , too low , too low . ' " The ILS is "  nice to have , " Weiss said , "  but it 's not critical on the 777 . " There are redundant systems aboard the aircraft that would provide similar warnings if the plane was coming in too low , said Weiss , who has landed 777s hundreds of times . The pilot operating the aircraft was a veteran who had been flying for Asiana since 1996 , the airline said . Witnesses recount the crash Survivors reported hearing no warning from the cockpit before the landing . Passengers scrambled to exit a crash scene that one survivor described as "  surreal . " When rescuers arrived , they found some passengers coming out of the water , said city fire chief Joanne Hayes-White . "  There was a fire on the plane , so the assumption might be that they went near the water 's edge , which is very shallow , to maybe douse themselves with water , " she said . Related : Why the crash was survivable Some jumped out or slid down emergency chutes with luggage in hand . Statistically , 2012 was the safest year in terms of aviation accidents worldwide since 1945 , according to the Aviation Safety Network . Data show that there were 23 fatal airliner accidents , which caused 511 deaths , according to ASN stats . That 's well below the 10-year annual average of 34 accidents and 773 fatalities . Survival rates have improved due to better staff training and safety advances during the 1980s and 1990s , according to the group . Asiana 's flight history over last 20 years	This was the pilot 's first time landing a Boeing 777 at the San Francisco airport The pilot had 43 hours of experience of flying the 777 , South Korea says NTSB : Plane was well below the target air speed for approach Pilots called for a "  go-around " 1.5 seconds before impact , NTSB says
CNN  -- There 's some magic coming to a British stage . Author J.K. Rowling has announced she is developing a play based on her "  Harry Potter " stories . According to her website , Rowling is working in collaboration with award-winning producers Sonia Friedman and Colin Callender on the project . "  Over the years I have received countless approaches about turning Harry Potter into a theatrical production , but Sonia and Colin 's vision was the only one that really made sense to me , and which had the sensitivity , intensity and intimacy I thought appropriate for bringing Harry 's story to the stage , " Rowling said in a statement . "  After a year in gestation it is exciting to see this project moving on to the next phase . I 'd like to thank Warner Bros. for their continuing support in this project . " Warner Bros. is owned by CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . Rowling will reportedly be a producer of the play and work with a writer , but she will not be writing the play . The story will follow Potter in his early years as an orphan . Directors and writers for the play , which will go into development in 2014 , are currently being considered .	J.K. Rowling is developing a "  Harry Potter " play The story will follow Potter in his early years as an orphan The play will go into development in 2014
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British government said Saturday was a "  historic day " after two loyalist paramilitary groups announced they had completed the process of decommissioning their weapons . The Ulster Defense Association also said it was decommissioning its weapons . The Ulster Volunteer Force and Red Hand Commando made the announcement Saturday , the Northern Ireland Office  NIO  said . A third loyalist group , the Ulster Defense Association , announced it had begun the process of decommissioning , according to the NIO , which is the British government department responsible for Northern Ireland affairs . Loyalist paramilitary groups are those that want Northern Ireland to remain a part of the United Kingdom . While it was not clear what led up to Saturday 's announcements , the three groups had faced an August deadline to demonstrate substantial progress toward decommissioning . A report last month by independent monitors questioned whether the groups were serious about completing the decommissioning process . Shaun Woodward , the secretary of state for Northern Ireland , then said he was tired of "  foot-dragging " on the issue . If there was no substantial progress by August , Woodward said , he would end the amnesty the groups currently enjoy . Current legislation ensures that individuals handling illegal arms with the purpose of decommissioning them are immune from prosecution . "  Today 's announcement is a culmination of a long and difficult process , " Woodward said in a statement Saturday . "  The leadership of the UVF and RHC have delivered on what they said they would do . In decommissioning their weapons they have clearly signaled that loyalism has nothing to fear and is confident in the political institutions and wants to play a positive role in the future of Northern Ireland . " The two groups made a "  bold and courageous decision , " he said , and he urged the UDA to continue decommissioning . "  For those who have doubted the political process , it is proof that the politics works and that guns have no place in a normal society . " he said . "  This is proof that decommissioning works and today 's acts of leadership  are  further testimony to the transformation in Northern Ireland . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the move , calling it a "  courageous step . " "  Leaders on all sides deserve our praise for their continued commitment to moving the process forward , " she said in a statement Saturday . The Ulster Volunteer Force was formed in 1966 and has conducted bombings , assassinations , kidnappings , extortion , and robberies , according to GlobalSecurity.org . Before its 1994 cease-fire , targets included nationalist paramilitary groups -- those fighting for the reunification of Ireland . The Red Hand Commando is a splinter group of the UVF . The Ulster Defense Association is the largest loyalist paramilitary group in Northern Ireland , with between 2,000 and 5,000 members , according to the U.S. State Department . It has evolved into a criminal group deeply involved in drug trafficking , but it has also targeted the Catholic community , the State Department says .	Ulster Volunteer Force and Red Hand Commando made the announcement Both groups want Northern Ireland to remain a part of the United Kingdom UK minister : Two groups made a "  bold and courageous decision " Ulster Defense Association said it has started process of decommissioning
Hong Kong  CNN  China has executed a mining tycoon found guilty of murder and running a "  mafia-style " organization , state media reported Monday . Liu Han , 48 , the former chairman of Hanlong Group , was executed along with his brother , Liu Wei , and three associates , official news agency Xinhua reported . The men met with their families before they were executed , Xinhua said . Liu has been linked by state media to former security czar Zhou Yongkang -- the most senior official snared in China 's anti-corruption campaign . Hanlong 's interests included mining , real estate , electricity , energy and finance and the company remains a shareholder in two Australian companies - Moly Group and Sundance Resources . Liu was detained in 2013 along with his younger brother . They were sentenced to death in May 2014 . The Liu brothers started out running gambling dens in their base in Guanghan , in China 's southwestern Sichuan province , in the early 1990s , gathering around them "  a gang of local thugs and vagrants , " state media reported around the time of their trial . The brothers ' empire grew , before finally attracting the attention of central authorities with an alleged public shooting at a Guanghan teahouse one afternoon in January , 2009 , supposedly ordered by Liu Wei and directed at an underworld rival . Liu Han also developed a reputation as a philanthropist , building a rural school campus following a 2008 earthquake that devastated Sichuan . His brother also had a reputation for charity , and had been a torch-bearer in the build-up to the Beijing Olympics , also in 2008 . CNN 's Tim Hume contributed to this report	China has executed a mining tycoon found guilty of murder and running a "  mafia-style " organization Liu Han , 48 , the former chairman of Hanlong Group , was executed along with his brother , Liu Wei , and three associates He was linked to former security czar Zhou Yongkang - the most senior official snared in China 's anti-corruption campaign
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The guard who killed the half-brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , had for years worked with International Security Assistance Forces against Taliban militants , according to three local officials with direct knowledge of the dealings . Sardar Mohammed , who authorities say shot and killed Kandahar 's provincial council chief Ahmed Wali Karzai , received training from ISAF and participated in intelligence gathering against militants across the region , according to Besmellah Afghanmal , a provincial council member with close ties to the Karzai family . He "  was one of the trusted commanders for the Karzais , " Afghanmal told CNN . "  Sardar Mohammad was working with American Special Forces closely and he was participating in many operations with American Special forces against the Taliban in  the  south . " Others , like provincial parliament member Hashim Watanwal , say Mohammad had worked with both U.S. and Canadian forces in Kandahar -- an ethnically Pashtun dominated region long-considered the Taliban heartland . Baz Mohammed , a Kandahar tribal elder with close connections to the Karzai clan , said the guard was "  a trustworthy person " who collaborated regularly with ISAF in Kandahar . An ISAF spokeswoman declined to comment on the claims . Though suspected of corruption and opium dealing , Wali Karzai was considered a major power-broker in Afghanistan 's restive south and a bulwark for his brother against the Taliban militancy . His death Tuesday sent shock-waves across Afghanistan 's political landscape , and prompted President Karzai to weep as mourners gathered for his half-brother 's burial the following day . Saidkhan Khakrezwal , a member of the Kandahar provincial council , said he and others were with Wali Karzai when the guard came into the room and asked to talk to him . The guard took "  Wali to another room and shoots him with a pistol that he had in his hand , " Khakrezwal said . Local authorities say the shooter was then shot dead by other guards . The Taliban soon claimed responsibility for the shooting , saying Mohammed had been working for them . It is not clear whether the guard had been a member of a Taliban sleeper cell or if the killing was motivated by some other factor . On Thursday , in a brazen strike illustrating the power and reach of Afghan militants , a suicide bomber slipped into a Kandahar mosque and killed at least six people , wounding 15 others . The attack occurred as several high-ranking Afghan officials gathered to remember Wali Karzai . CNN 's Faizel Reshad contributed to this report	Sardar Mohammed for years worked against Taliban militants , according to three local officials He worked with both U.S. and Canadian forces in Kandahar , an official said Sardar Mohammed shot and killed Kandahar 's provincial council chief Ahmed Wali Karzai , police say Wali Karzai was the half-brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai
Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin is breaking with many in his party by urging the White House to give Congress more time to reach an immigration reform agreement . He wants President Barack Obama to hold off using his executive authority to order major immigration changes , which the President is set to announce Thursday . "  I just wish he would n't do it . I really do n't . I just think we ought to work through this process and , with the new elections and the results of the elections , we ought to try in January to see if we can find a pathway to get something accomplished , " the West Virginia centrist said Tuesday . Manchin , who reliably works across the aisle , is concerned Obama 's actions will offend Republicans and make it politically much harder for the two parties to agree to broader reforms that still will be needed to fully fix the broken immigration system . He said he would like to see House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , bring up a bipartisan bill that passed the Senate and put it to a vote , something Boehner has refused to do citing a variety of concerns with the bill . "  Let 's see what everyone intends to do , " he said . "  I would think the Republicans will have observed and hopefully learned the formula we used before did n't work so I hope they would n't repeat it . " Manchin 's concerns are in contrast to the views of many congressional Democrats who are sighing relief that the President has decided finally to go around the gridlocked Congress to help millions of immigrants living in the country illegally . However , two other moderate Democrats asked by CNN about the issue echoed Manchin 's views . When asked whether she thought the President should issue the executive orders , Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota said "  I think , as I 've said , it 's better to give Congress time to work on a bill . " And Sen. Jon Tester of Montana , who was just elected to a leadership position in the Democratic caucus , said , "  It would be great to get the House to take up the bill that passed the Senate . That would be a solution to the problem . " Asked whether he would prefer the President not do it by executive authority , he replied , "  I would prefer that Congress act , yes . "	Sen. Joe Manchin of Montana is parting ways with many of his fellow Democrats He wants President Obama to hold off using executive authority to order major changes Sen. Heidi Heitkamp and Sen. Jon Tester echo Manchin 's sentiments
CNN  -- Georgia -- with its tumultuous past of discrimination -- is following Arizona 's recently failed attempt to pass what amounts to anti-gay legislation with the Preservation of Religious Freedom Act . The state may shift from the cradle of the civil rights movement to the vanguard of legalized 21st-century bigotry with the consideration of this legislation , modeled on Arizona 's , that would allow businesses to refuse service to gay and lesbian customers on the basis of alleged religious conviction . The measure , whose fringe supporters contend is couched in the First Amendment , would provide a legal avenue for business operators to ignore existing local nondiscrimination protections that even "  indirectly inhibit " the "  free exercise " of their faith . Like the controversial Arizona bill , this broadly written proposal has profound implications -- not only for the aggrieved minority it would directly affect but also for the social reputation of the state at large . Those implications will permanently stain us , cementing the lasting ignominy of Jim Crow . One of us is the Democratic leader of the Georgia House of Representatives and the other an adviser to two conservative Republican governors and national party committees . Despite our policy disagreements , we 're both Georgians , and we stand together in opposition to these bills . The fact that we can overcome our severe political differences and agree that this legislation would be wrong and bad for the state demonstrates the growing bipartisan opposition to legislation of this sort . Two bills exist , one in each chamber : Boosters of the House measure , House Bill 1023 , have soft-pedaled the issue , but the sponsor of the Senate proposal , Senate Bill 377 , griped this week that the only opponents to his legislation are those advocating "  militant atheism , " whatever that is . As written , the Senate bill does n't carve out narrow exemptions for wedding vendors but instead extends the blanket conscience provision to all commercial quarters . Not only could restaurateurs and hoteliers turn away same-sex couples , but pharmacists could deny life-saving therapy to HIV-positive patients . The legislation is so vague that it 's not merely limited to individuals who are lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender : It could even be used as a means to discriminate against unmarried women and people of different faiths . Those possibilities are frightening , but the economic consequences are no less serious . Georgia , like much of the Southeast , is still struggling to reinvent its modest economy after it collapsed from an overdependence on housing and real estate . Every job , every dollar of out-of-state investment matters . We have no such luxury of chasing Yankee business from our borders . And yet that 's precisely what this legislation would accomplish . In Arizona , respected companies such as Apple and American Airlines warned they would withdraw investments from the state should the law take effect . Gov. Jan Brewer must have taken this into consideration in her veto . Anti-gay legislation of this order is a significant social barometer for the young professionals and innovators on whom businesses rely . If they deem the state hostile to mainstream sensibilities , neither will come . Georgia 's proposal would repel the creative class in a way few other factors could -- except maybe our recent experiences with snowstorms and 20 hours in a frigid car . In the same way , the law would spook out-of-state firms weighing a move to Georgia . But even worse than new business avoiding the state is the real prospect of existing major companies bailing . Delta Air Lines , one of Georgia 's largest employers , on Tuesday strongly denounced the measure and warned it would "  result in job losses . " That 's a proposition Georgia can ill afford . Central to the American ethos is the promise of freedom , the protection of which is an appropriate function of the legislature . But freedom is a universal shelter , swaddling each American the same as the next no matter his or her color , creed or sexual orientation . No weary driver nor hungry belly would want to be denied a hotel room or hot meal on the basis of immutable characteristics or faith , but that 's what the Georgia bill would allow . The notion is distinctly un-American and we , Republican and Democrat together , do n't want that in our state . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : Georgia considers bill that would allow discrimination based on religious beliefs They say the Arizona-style bill would hurt the state 's reputation like Jim Crow laws once did Writers disagree on politics , but in this case they agree this bill would hurt the state Writers : Businesses , entrepreneurs wo n't locate in state , existing ones might leave
ZURICH , Switzerland  Reuters  -- An amateur paleontologist in Switzerland may have unearthed Europe 's largest dinosaur mass grave after he dug up the remains of two Plateosaurus . The dinosaurs ' bones came to light during house-building in the village of Frick , near the German border . "  A hobby paleontologist looked at a construction site for a house and happened to discover the bones , " said Monica Ruembeli from the Frick dinosaur museum . The finds show that an area known for Plateosaurus finds for decades may be much larger than originally thought . "  It could be that the area extends for 1.5 kilometers  0.9 miles  and in that case , you could certainly say it 's the biggest site in Europe , " said Martin Sander , a dinosaur paleontologist at the university of Bonn in Germany . The Frick area contained the bones of one animal per 100 square meters , Sander said , so the entire area might contain bones of 100 more Plateosaurus . The peaceful herbivore -- measuring up to 10 meters from head to tail -- roamed river deltas in large herds some 210 million years ago , according to some scientists , when most of Switzerland was covered with desert and its landscape may have looked much like the estuary of the Nile now . There are two other large Plateosaurus sites in Germany , Sander said . It is not known how big they are because one is covered by the town of Halberstadt and the other , near Trossingen , by a forest . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Amateur paleontologist unearths remains of two Plateosaurus in Switzerland The mass grave extends for 1.5 kilometres  0.9 miles Plateosaurus roamed river deltas in large herds some 210 million years ago
CNN  -- A woman who escaped from a California state prison 32 years ago was finally caught in Santa Barbara , police said Wednesday . In 1979 , Nancy Garces broke out of the women 's prison in Chino , California , where she was serving a sentence in a credit-card forgery case , said Lt. Paul McCaffrey , spokesman for Santa Barbara police . She had a pending warrant for her arrest since May 25 , 1979 , McCaffrey said . Police received a tip that she would be arriving by train Tuesday in Santa Barbara at 11:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  , McCaffrey said . "  I can tell you she was very surprised , " McCaffrey told CNN . "  I do believe that she regrets her decision to come to Santa Barbara , " he added . "  She 's been on the run for 32 years , but the minute she arrived in Santa Barbara , we were ready to scoop her up . " Garces , 56 , was traveling under her assumed name of Lydia Mendez of Albuquerque , New Mexico , and told authorities she even has kids under that name , McCaffrey said . Police used the description of her age , height and weight to spot her as she got off the train , McCaffrey said . "  We made contact with her , and she gave us her assumed named , Lydia Mendez , " McCaffrey said . "  But we determined that she was in fact Nancy Garces , and we confronted her . Then she admitted who she was . " Garces was being held Wednesday in the county jail without bail .	Nancy Garces escaped from a women 's prison in California in 1979 She was serving a sentence in a credit-card forgery case She assumed a new name and life in New Mexico and had children under the assumed name Police in Santa Barbara , California , were tipped off and caught her getting off a train
CNN  -- Flooding described by India 's prime minister as the worst in recent times , has left at least 95 people dead and almost 2 million others homeless in the country 's remote Assam state . The Brahmaputra river overflowed during monsoon rains over the past week , flooding more than 2,000 villages and destroying homes in the northeast of the country , officials said . Most of the dead were swept away by the fast-flowing water , while 16 were reported to have been buried by landslides caused by the heavy rains . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told journalists Monday that almost half a million people were living in relief camps , and the remaining of the displaced were staying with relatives or living in the open , using tarpaulin sheets for shelter . Sabir Ali , who lives in one of the affected villages , had to move his family to higher ground with only what they could carry . "  I am stuck . How will I survive ? I 've been forced to move to railways tracks with my children , " he told CNN-IBN . But water levels have begun to recede , and thousands have returned to damaged homes . A report issued on Tuesday lowered the number of evacuees to 370,000 . Assam 's State Disaster Management Authority reported that at least 14 people are missing . The agency reported that flooding had begun as early as June 24 in some areas and affected all of Assam 's 27 districts . It is considered the worst flooding the state has seen since 2004 . Assam 's river island of Majuli experienced its worst flooding since 1950 . Prime Minister Singh and Sonia Gandhi of India 's ruling Congress party flew over the flooded areas to survey the damage . Singh announced that an initial 5 billion rupees  US$ 90 million  would be given in emergency funds to help with recovery efforts . "  I have witnessed the extensive damage that the floods have caused . The people of Assam are facing one of the worst floods in recent times , " Singh said in a prepared statement . After his tour of the affected districts , Singh said military helicopters were dropping food packets and drinking water to marooned people , and soldiers were using speedboats to rescue villages from rooftops . "  Once we have completed rescue and relief operation , our focus will shift to restoration of the damaged infrastructure , " Singh said . Large swaths of cropland have been affected by the flooding , and a railway line has been severely damaged by landslides . Every year the monsoon dumps heavy rains across India , and every year it claims lives . The total number of deaths throughout India attributed to monsoon season this year has reached 236 . Minnesota , Wisconsin residents cope with deadly flooding	At least 95 people dead , almost 2 million others forced from their homes Indian state of Assam in the northeast is the most affected area It is considered the worst flooding since 2004 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has committed $ 90 million for relief effort
CNN  -- As Tunisia adjusts to a new government , Selma Beji is cautiously optimistic about the future -- and freedoms -- of her fellow Tunisians . A Tunisian native who is pursuing a master 's degree in the United States , Beji said she was amazed that demonstrations -- driven largely by young adults and social media -- have led to such an uprising , which some people call the "  Jasmine Revolution . " "  We were like , this is going to die off , " said Beji , whose family lives in the northern suburbs of Tunis . But "  Facebook was the drive of this revolution . Everybody was on Facebook ... If these protests started five years ago , they would have died . " President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali 's departure followed weeks of protests over what Tunisians said were poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . Al Kallel , a Tunisian native living in California , and a group of Tunisian friends held up signs at Facebook 's headquarters in Palo Alto , California , on Saturday to "  thank Facebook for enabling our nation  both inside and outside the country  to freely share their opinion online , bridging our way to democracy . " Kallel said when he lived in Tunisia , residents did n't have access to Facebook . "  You ca n't pass info around without being censored , " Kallel told CNN 's iReport . The Tunisian unrest were sparked by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate in December . The man set himself on fire in front of a government building in the town of Sidi Bouzid after police confiscated his fruit cart , saying he was selling without a permit , according to Amnesty International . He died January 4 from his injuries . The event tore the lid off what appears to have been long-simmering fury at Ben Ali and his associates . Tunisians accuse the ruling circle of rampant corruption and nepotism . After a month of largely leaderless popular protests against the government , Ben Ali fled the country on Friday , and Fouad Mebazaa , the speaker of parliament , was sworn in the following day as interim president , and new elections are due within 60 days . The instability could be an omen of the future since Tunisia has been far from the only Arab nation with a long-time president and a young , underemployed population . Beji said some of her friends in Tunisia who have college degrees are unemployed . "  I 'm very optimistic about  employment  after this , " she said . "  I think more investors are going to start coming into the country . The country has a lot of potential . " Already , filters on websites such as YouTube -- put in place under Ben Ali -- were dropped , and internet speed picked up considerably -- a development that followed the new government 's vow to ease restrictions on freedoms . Beji said she hopes the next president will support freedoms for Tunisians -- especially after what regular citizens showed what they are capable of . "  I think the next president is going to be scared . The revolution happened with no arms , no guns , no nothing -- just people on the streets , " she said . "  I think the next president would be a little worried if he did n't give us freedom of any kind . "	"  Facebook was the drive of this revolution , " Selma Beji said Tunisia , like other Arab lands , has young , underemployed population Beji says "  the country has a lot of potential "
CNN  -- Ugandan health officials are declaring the country free of an Ebola outbreak blamed for 17 deaths since late July . The last patient with a confirmed infection was released on August 24 , the World Health Organization said in a statement . "  WHO does not recommend that any travel or trade restrictions be applied to Uganda with respect to this event , " it said . The outbreak 's initial confirmation at a hospital in the western town of Kagadi sent patients fleeing and the facility scrambling to contact those who may have had the disease . In a separate incident , a convict brought to the hospital on suspicion of an infection escaped . Less than a third of the outbreak 's "  24 probable and confirmed cases " survived , according to the WHO . More than 350 people were isolated for testing on suspicion of having the disease . Ebola is caused by a highly infectious virus that spreads through direct contact with bodily fluids . Symptoms include fever , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , headache , a measles-like rash , red eyes and , at times , bleeding from body openings . Initial symptoms of Ebola can be mistaken for other illnesses such as the flu . The Ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central African nation of Zaire  now the Democratic Republic of the Congo  , Uganda 's neighbor to the west . The virus is named after a river in that country , where the first outbreak of the disease was found . At least 10 people died in a separate Ebola outbreak in late August in the Democratic Republic of Congo .	17 people died in Uganda 's Ebola outbreak The last patient was released on August 24 The initial announcement of the outbreak caused panic and sent patients fleeing At least 10 more died in a separate outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo
Suspected Fort Hood shooter Spc. Ivan Lopez had recently asked to transfer , claiming he was being taunted and picked on by soldiers in his unit , a senior U.S. official familiar with the investigation told CNN . Lopez is accused of taking his own .45 - caliber handgun onto the sprawling Army facility , killing three people and injuring 16 more before taking his own life last week . Three patients are still being treated at Scott & White Memorial Hospital . All three are listed in fair condition and are continuing to improve , the hospital said Monday . In an effort to determine what led Lopez to open fire , the Army is not only looking into his mental health history but also investigating his interactions with fellow soldiers in his unit at Fort Hood , according to a second source -- a U.S. military official directly familiar with the investigation . Lopez joined the 154 Transportation Company at Fort Hood after arriving at the post in February . But he apparently felt some in the unit had not treated him appropriately , that official said . The military official added that it 's not clear whether members of Lopez 's unit , including his supervisor , knew of his mental health history or that he was being treated for anxiety and depression . Officials have confirmed Lopez received some initial mental health treatment at his previous post at Fort Bliss and was prescribed medications there . Medical examiners will now try to determine exactly what medications he took , whether he took them correctly and whether there may have been some interaction between drugs . Records show Lopez had had regular mental health appointments in recent months . But what is not known , the military official said , is what role , if any , his mental health situation or his medications may have played in his mounting anger and final attack . Shooting timeline Chris Gray , spokesman for U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command , spoke to reporters Monday , outlining what investigators know so far about what happened the day of the shooting . "  We can confirm that the alleged shooter , Spc. Ivan Lopez , was involved in a verbal altercation concerning his request for leave , and the processing of that request at his unit 's administrative office , " the spokesman said . Within minutes of that altercation , Lopez allegedly fired multiple rounds , killing one soldier and injuring 10 . He then got into his vehicle , from which he fired his weapon at two soldiers , wounding one , Gray said . Lopez is then believed to have entered the building where he was assigned and worked , which encompasses the unit 's motor pool office and vehicle bay area . There , he opened fire again , killing one solider and injuring two more , the spokesman said . Lopez then returned to his vehicle . While driving , he allegedly fired into another moving vehicle , striking and wounding the passenger . He also fired and wounded another solider , Gray said . Lopez is then believed to have entered the main entrance of the medical building , killing a solider on duty and wounding another . "  At this point , we do not know why he entered that building and we may never know why , " the spokesman said . Lopez returned to his vehicle and drove into a parking lot , where he approached a responding Fort Hood military police officer . "  There was a verbal exchange between the officer and the subject . The military police officer drew her weapon and fired one round when the subject reportedly brandished his weapon , " Gray said . Autopsy results confirm Lopez was not struck by the officer 's fire . The suspected shooter then allegedly turned the gun on himself . The spokesman said there is still no known motive for the shooting . Investigators have collected no evidence to suggest it was connected to any terrorist organization , though they have not completely ruled out the possibility , the spokesman said . Gray continued : "  We sincerely hope -- all of us in law enforcement -- that our efforts to diligently seek the truth will in some small way provide comfort to the loved ones of the deceased and wounded , who are struggling through this difficult time . " Memorial service President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama are scheduled to attend a memorial service for the victims Wednesday . The ceremony will be held in the early afternoon on Sadowski Field at Fort Hood . Obama vowed after the shootings , "  We 're going to get to the bottom of exactly what happened . " White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer confirmed the Wednesday trip during an appearance Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " Obama also addressed the memorial service for an earlier massacre at Fort Hood , in 2009 . Then , Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and wounded another 32 . The former Army psychiatrist was convicted of premeditated murder , and a military jury recommended that Hasan be put to death .	The President and his wife will attend a memorial service Wednesday Spc. Ivan Lopez had recently asked to transfer , an official tells CNN Investigators provide a detailed timeline of what they think happened Lopez is accused of killing three people and injured 16 before taking his own life last week
CNN  -- The first of four debates -- three presidential and one vice presidential -- in the final month of the election takes place October 3 in Denver . While we would love to tell you what will happen , the CNN Crystal Ball is out of order . Instead , our best guess of what to expect comes from debates past . Here 's a look back , by the numbers , of the trends and surprises of past debates . 61 : Percent of households that watched the third debate between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon on October 13 , 1960 . 12 : Times Jim Lehrer from PBS has served as the moderator , including 2012 . 4 : Debates with more than two debaters . When Ross Perot ran as a third-party Independent candidate in 1992 , he and running mate James Stockdale participated in the debates with Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush , and Al Gore and Dan Quayle . 3 : Election cycles in between the first series of televised debates in 1960 to the next series , in 1976 . 59 : Percent of likely voters who said in an ORC/CNN poll that they thought President Barack Obama would do a better job in the upcoming debates . 34 : Percent of likely voters who answered that Mitt Romney would do a better job . 7 : Debates between Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas , the famous Lincoln-Douglas debates in 1858 . Though Lincoln and Douglas were vying for the U.S. Senate when they held their series of debates in Illinois in 1858 , the issues they addressed -- including slavery -- were central to the presidential election two years later , in which both ran and which Lincoln won . 0 : Percent difference in likely voters ' answers in the same poll in 2008 , when the candidates were Obama and John McCain . 1 : Times a candidate has been told he was "  no Jack Kennedy , " as Lloyd Bentsen said to Dan Quayle during the vice presidential debate in 1988 . 4 : Number of times a televised presidential debate has been hosted in St. Louis , Missouri -- the most of any city . 12 : Number of times Al Gore audibly sighed during the first debate with George W. Bush , on October 3 , 2000 . 1 : Times President George H. W. Bush visibly checked his watch during the October 15 , 1992 , debate against Bill Clinton and Ross Perot . 8 : Number of female moderators since 1960 , including CNN 's Candy Crowley this year , on October 16 . 2 : Number of female debaters since 1960 , vice presidential candidates Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 and Sarah Palin in 2008 . 2 : Elections where the outcome appeared to be affected by the televised debates : 1960 and 2000 , according analysis by Gallup .	2 : Elections in which the TV debates appeared to affect the outcome 12 : times Jim Lehrer from PBS has served as the moderator including 2012 3 : Election cycles between the first series of televised presidential debates and the second
CNN  Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso was airlifted to hospital after crashing his McLaren-Honda in the final day of pre-season testing in Barcelona Sunday . Spain 's Alonso was on his 21st lap at the Circuit de Catalunya when his car left the track at Turn 3 and hit a wall at about 150kph per hour . With the morning session immediately red-flagged , Alonso received urgent medical attention , with a screen placed around the accident scene . A statement from McLaren later gave an update on the condition of the 33-year-old Alonso . "  He was conscious and spoke with the doctors . However , as per usual procedure in such circumstances , he was then airlifted to hospital where he is undergoing precautionary checks , " it read . Alonso 's agent Luis Garcia Abad told AFP that he would likely remain in hospital under observation for at least 24 hours . It was another setback for McLaren and its new MP4-30 car , which has been plagued by problems , with Jenson Button having to cut short his test session Saturday . Button was due to take over from Alonso for the afternoon runs , but the Briton had to sit it out . With new season set to start on March 15 in Australia , the team has only a further four-day test at the same venue later this week to sort out its problems Alonso , who left Ferrari to join McLaren at the end of last season , has 32 career F1 wins but his two title wins date back to the 2005 and 2006 seasons . Alonso 's fellow Spaniard , rookie Carlos Sainz Junior , was fastest in the session in his Toro Rosso in a time of one minute 25.604 seconds , running on fast super-soft tires . The afternoon session gave more clues as to the readiness of teams for the season-opener with Romain Grosjean setting the fastest time of the week of one minute 24.067 second in his Lotus , again on super-softs . Last year 's all-conquering Mercedes also had good reason to be satisfied with Nico Rosberg completing over 100 laps , with his best effort the second-best of the four-day test , despite running on slower medium compound tires . Thursday will see F1 teams return to the circuit for the last official testing before Australia .	Fernando Alonso crashes in final day of testing at Circuit de Catalunya Two-time world champion airlifted to hospital near Barcelona Alonso underwent ` precautionary checks ' according to his McLaren team Roman Grosjean of Lotus sets fastest time of week Sunday afternoon
No other instrument or object in American society is more vilified and maligned -- or evokes more emotion and passionate debate -- than the firearm . Any category of death by unnatural causes should get attention . However , when that death occurs as the result of a gun being illegally used , reason and logic are marginalized , myths become facts and emotion drives the conversation . The problem with the gun in America is that the left has politicized it . An entire advocacy has been developed and is part of their political platform . Their call for gun control is deceptively wrapped around a theme of reducing street violence and mass killings . The flaw in their argument is that none of the remedies they offer to reduce these senseless acts has anything to do with why this violence occurs . For the anti-gun cabal , this is more about defeating a political adversary , the influential National Rifle Association , than it is about reducing gun violence . Universal background checks and limiting magazine capacity are offered as reasonable approaches to reducing violence . Neither of these suggestions is directly associated with gun violence . Instead , these technical fixes frustrate the overwhelming number of law-abiding American gun owners . Our system of jurisprudence is predicated on punishing those individuals directly involved in committing crime , not those who are not . Gun control has never worked to eradicate violence . The cities of Chicago and Washington have had some of the strictest gun laws in America , yet they continue to experience high levels of gun-related , violent crime . A little-talked-about truth is that gun control in America has its roots in racism . Its original intent was to keep firearms out of the hands of black people , more specifically , newly-freed slaves . As Charles C.W. Cooke noted in his article "  The Great Equalizer , " civil rights champion Ida B. Wells said this about the value of bearing arms , " ... the only case where the proposed lynching  of a Black man  did not occur was where the men armed themselves . " She went on to say that the "  lesson that teaches , and which every Afro-American should ponder well , is that a Winchester rifle should have a place of honor in every black home and it should be used for that protection which the law refuses to give . " In a recent New York Times article , Charles W. Cooke quoted civil rights champion Ida B. Wells on the value of bearing arms : " ' ... the only times an Afro-American who was assaulted got away has been when he had a gun and used it in self-defense . ' " And , quoting her further : " ' ... a Winchester rifle should have a place of honor in every black home , and it should be used for that protection which the law refuses to give . ' " Abolitionist Frederick Douglass also supported the right of blacks to arm themselves to guard against mob violence . As noted in Stephen P. Halbrook 's book , "  That Every Man Be Armed : The Evolution of a Constitutional Right , " Douglass believed that "  slaves without arms " could never attain freedom . Even the U.S. Congress at the time recognized the key role that arming blacks played in the ending of slavery . In 2010 , the U.S. Supreme Court granted Otis McDonald , a Chicago resident , that same protection by validating his right to keep and bear arms when they struck down the city 's unreasonable gun control ordinance . McDonald sued Chicago , claiming that the restriction prevented him from protecting himself and his home from gang violence . Preventing private citizens the right to arm themselves for their own defense is a de facto death sentence . Here are more effective ways to reduce gun violence : First , let 's rid ourselves of the fantasy that strict gun control is even achievable . In his blog for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , Marquette University law professor Rick Esenberg said that "  such a conversation about gun violence should be tempered by constitutional , political and practical realities . We are not about to ban the private ownership of guns in the United States . " Second , end social engineering experiments in the criminal justice system that see criminal perpetrators in a warped view as victims of society to be treated leniently . Punishment , when applied early in a criminal 's career , is an effective deterrent to crime . Finally , stop conditioning society that guns are evil . They save many more lives than they take . Instead , start providing gun safety education that teaches people to respect firearms , not fear them .	The CNN Guns Project explores the role of guns in the United States Clarke says many gun restrictions are n't directly associated with gun violence We should n't view criminals as victims who need to be treated leniently , he says We also need to stop conditioning society that guns are evil , Clarke says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea 's most wanted man , who is believed to have ties to the company that operated the ill-fated Sewol ferry , has eluded arrest for weeks , leaving authorities red-faced for not finding the high-profile billionaire . The Sewol ferry sank on April 16 , killing 288 people on board . Through an investment vehicle and subsidiary , Yoo Byung Eun , 73 , and his two sons are believed to have controlled the shipping company that operated the ferry , according to the semi-official Yonhap news agency . In late April , Yoo 's representatives sent a statement denying that he had any direct or indirect connection to Chonghaejin Marine Company . Yoo is wanted for questioning in connection with an investigation into alleged funds embezzlement , tax evasion and other irregularities that prosecutors say could have contributed to the sinking . A South Korean court has issued a warrant for Yoo 's arrest . Investigators are looking into why the ferry capsized , including factors such as imbalance of weight on the ship , overloaded and improperly secured cargo , and actions by the company and crew . What went wrong on Sewol The Incheon District prosecutor 's office said on Tuesday : "  The ones who are most directly responsible for the accident are officials with Cheonghaejin ... Our prosecutor 's office is currently investigating Yoo Byung Eun , who is standing at the very top of it . " Yoo has defied summons to report to the prosecutor 's office , and gone into hiding . The prosecutor 's office has come under public criticism for waiting for Yoo to appear of his own volition , which some say gave him plenty of time to flee . Searching for Yoo Yoo is known as the "  millionaire without a face " because of his reluctance to appear in public . Yoo has four sons and daughters , three of their whereabouts are unknown . Four members of the religious group his father-in-law founded have been arrested , accused of aiding Yoo . South Korea 's Justice Department said it requested its French counterparts to make the "  provisional arrest " of his daughter . The younger Yoo has been detained by French authorities in connection with the Sewol investigation , said Magalie Josse , Paris court spokeswoman . French authorities will determine whether to extradite the younger Yoo , according to the South Korea 's Ministry of Justice . South Korean President Park Geun-hye lashed out against the Yoo family this week . "  The Yoo Byung Eun family , who is the fundamental cause of this tragedy , is mocking the law and causing public rage instead of coming in front of the people to apologize and tell the truth , " she said on Tuesday . "  Such an act by Yoo 's family is a challenge to our society and an act of crime that can not be protected . " This week , the reward for information for the capture of Yoo was raised to nearly $ 500,000 and about $ 100,000 for his eldest son . South Korean media showed pictures of possible disguises for Yoo and his appearance throughout the years . Yoo 's religious group Yoo is a religious figure of Gu Won Pa  which translates to "  salvation group "  , also known as the Evangelical Baptist Church . Some members of the group have protested in front of the prosecutor 's office in what they consider religious persecution . Last week , nearly a hundred members of the religious group stood outside its mountain compound as investigators arrived to search for Yoo . The supporters said the church had nothing to do with the allegations and likened the case to religious persecution , according to Yonhap Investigators have also started looking into the practices of the group . "  We are also in cooperation with nationwide police forces closely investigating buildings and lands related to Gu Won Pa , " said an official from the prosecutor 's office . "  We are also not ruling out that he  Yoo  was smuggled out of the country and hence , we are collecting intelligence concentrated on ports . " Yoo 's history Yoo has had brushes with the law . He was convicted on fraud charges in the 1990s and spent four years in prison , according to South Korean media reports . In 1987 , he was under investigation after more than 30 people from a religious group were found dead , bound and gagged in a factory outside of Seoul . Officials investigated the incident as a mass murder-suicide , and also looked into whether Yoo had any connection to the event , but determined he was n't involved . Yoo is also known to have an artistic alter ego -- Ahae -- a photographer who has won international acclaim . His website appears to show Yoo taking pictures , but his face is not visible . According the website bio , Ahae was born in 1941 in Japan , where his family was during Japanese colonial rule of Korea . On April 25 , a lengthy statement from his representative was released sending condolences to the victims of the Sewol accident and condemning what it called an "  undeserved attack against AHAE , his character and his credentials as an artist . " Meanwhile , off the southwestern coast of Korea , search operations continue around the sunken ferry as 16 people remain missing . Journalist Francesca Humi contributed to this report from Paris .	73-year-old millionaire eludes capture , despite South Korea 's manhunt Yoo Byung Eun wanted for his ties to Sewol ferry operation His representative has denied Yoo had any connection to company South Korean president denounces family for "  mocking the law "
CNN  -- CBS decided to pull Monday night 's season finale of Mike & Molly , which talks about a tornado hitting Chicago  though no devastation was going to be shown  . "  Due to the tragic events -LSB- Monday -RSB- afternoon in Oklahoma , we are pre-empting tonight 's season finale of Mike & Molly , which has a related storyline , " said a CBS spokesman . "  A repeat broadcast of Mike & Molly will run in the time period . The season finale will be broadcast at an appropriate date . " Two men died after severe weather on Sunday triggered a frightening wave of tornadoes across Oklahoma , Kansas , Illinois and Iowa . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Monday night 's episode of "  Mike & Molly " was to involve a tornado No devastation was to be shown on the episode A repeat was run instead
CNN  -- Former Barcelona star Seydou Keita grabbed the only goal of the game as Mali beat Niger to become the first winners at the Africa Cup of Nations . Captain Keita 's 84th minute goal sealed victory for Mali in their opening game and broke a run of three draws at the tournament to determine the continent 's best team . With the match seemingly heading for a stalemate , just like the opening two matches of the competition on Saturday , Keita capitalized on a mistake by Niger goalkeeper Daouda Kassaly to find the net . In a game Mali dominated Keita , who now plays his club football in China , hit the crossbar seven minutes before his goal as the team who finished third in last year 's competition ground out a valuable victory . Earlier on Sunday DR Congo dragged themselves back from 2-0 against Ghana to secure a 2-2 draw . Ghana , who reached the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup , also held in South Africa , eased into a two-goal lead despite being on the back foot for most of the opening exchanges . Emmanuel Agyemang Badu grabbed the first on 39 minutes , converting from a Mubarak Wakaso attempt on goal . And four minutes after halftime defender Jerry Akaminko nodded home to double the Black Stars ' lead . But Congo took just four minutes to respond , Tresor Mputu finishing superbly from Dieudonne Mbokani 's cross . A quarter of an hour later Mbokani slotted home from the penalty spot after he was fouled in the area by Jerry Akaminko to secure a deserved draw for Congo . Congo 's head coach Claude Le Roy told the tournament 's official website : "  I 'm proud of my players . I told them before the game that they have huge quality . It is a fantastic experience and they deserve the result . " His opposite number , Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah , said Congo were good value for their point : "  I knew it was not going to be an easy game . "  Usually , it is expected that you win your first game , but it was not the case here . They were a very good side . "  We have learnt a lot from this game in which we game up a two-goal lead . It was due to some tactical indiscipline in we hope to correct them before the next game . " Reigning champions Zambia begin the defense of their title against Ethiopia on January 21 . The Copper Bullets beat tournament favorites Ivory Coast in a dramatic penalty shoot-out in Libreville , Gabon last February .	Seydou Keita grabs the only goal of the game as Mali beat Niger at Africa Cup of Nations Former Barcelona star 's late strike settles the first win of the tournament after three draws DR Congo come back from 2-0 down to deny Ghana victory in the first game of Group B
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has admitted to feeling "  scared " when a masked protester ran onto court brandishing a flare during Sunday 's French Open final , briefly disrupting the Spaniard 's bid for a record-breaking victory . Nadal , who became the first male tennis player to win one grand slam eight times , praised the contribution of security staff who quickly removed the individual late in the second set of his 6-3 6-2 6-3 success against compatriot David Ferrer . CNN affiliate BFM reported the men were part of a group called Printemps Francais , or French Spring , which is opposed to the French government 's decision to make same-sex marriage legal last month . A second shirtless man was hustled away before he could make it onto the court . "  I was a little bit scared in the beginning because I did n't see , everything is very quick out there , " the 27-year-old told CNN . "  I saw somebody coming with some fire so I was a little bit scared . These things are impossible to predict . "  I can just say thank you very much to all of the security guys , they did amazing work and I really felt safe immediately . " The incident evoked memories of when Monica Seles was stabbed in the back during the 1993 Hamburg Masters . In 2009 , a spectator also ran onto the court at Roland Garros and attempted to put a red hat on Roger Federer 's head during the final . Sunday 's win extended Nadal 's run at the clay-court grand slam to 59 wins and just one defeat , which came against Sweden 's Robin Soderling in the fourth round four years ago . After clinching the title in 2012 , Nadal was out of action for seven months due to a right knee injury . "  A lot of people helped me a lot and supported me a lot , " the world 12-time grand slam winner said . "  I received hundreds of messages which gave me a lot of positive energy . Thank you very much to everybody who supported me , because of them I have this trophy . " Meanwhile , Dutch player Yannick Ebbinghaus has been banned for six months and fined $ 10,000 after illegally betting on matches 67 times between May 2012 and February 2013 . The Tennis Integrity Unit  TIU  prohibits players from directly or indirectly placing wagers on matches . Three months of the ban is suspended pending "  anti-corruption education training " and $ 5,000 of Ebbinghaus ' fine could be returned if the 23-year-old -- ranked 1,158 th in the world -- cooperates with the TIU . Russia 's world No. 806 Sergei Krotiouk , 34 , last week received a lifelong ban for match-fixing .	Rafael Nadal praises security staff after protester invades tennis court A masked man holding a lit flare interrupted Sunday 's French Open final Nadal beat fellow Spaniard David Ferrer to win his eighth Roland Garros title The protester was reportedly campaigning against same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Federal regulators announced $ 7.1 million in fines against American Airlines on Thursday over maintenance issues and problems with its drug - and alcohol-testing programs . American Airlines was fined for allowing aircrafts to fly while they knew they needed repairs . "  The FAA believes the large total amount of the fine for these violations is appropriate because American Airlines was aware that appropriate repairs were needed , and instead deferred maintenance , " the Federal Aviation Administration said in a statement announcing the decision . "  In intentionally continuing to fly the aircraft , the carrier did not follow important safety regulations intended to protect passengers and crew . " American can still appeal the fines , the FAA said . The FAA also found the airline maintained inadequate drug - and alcohol-testing programs and failed to inspect safety lighting on a "  timely " basis . The Fort Worth , Texas-based carrier said Thursday evening that it disagreed with the findings and called the penalties "  excessive . " "  In accordance with FAA procedures for handling these matters , we have requested to meet with the FAA after we have had time to thoroughly review their findings , so that we may discuss the issues , " the airline said in a written statement . "  Since these matters are ongoing with the FAA , we will not have any further comment at this time . " Nearly $ 4.5 million of the proposed fines stem from American 's continued operation of two MD-83 jetliners in December 2007 after pilots reported problems with the autopilot systems , the FAA said . The two planes were flown a combined 58 times before the problems were corrected -- and one flew 10 times after an FAA inspector notified the airline that it had wrongly deferred needed repairs . In one incident , the autopilot disconnected during a landing on December 21 , the FAA said . "  American technicians did not check for the actual problem , and instead deferred maintenance using an inappropriate MEL  minimum equipment list  item . The plane flew another 36 passenger-carrying flights during December 21-31 . " The problem was later traced to a piece of radio gear separate from the autopilot , the FAA said . Meanwhile , a different MD-83 flew four flights without a fully functioning autopilot after American mechanics put off repairs . Regulators also accuse American of operating planes without timely inspections of their emergency lighting systems . In April , American canceled more than 3,000 flights to conduct inspections of wiring bundles in wheel wells of its 300 MD-80 jets , snarling air traffic for five days . The FAA ordered American and several other airlines to examine the wiring , which had the potential to start fires or cause landing gear to malfunction .	NEW : American asks to meet with FAA , calls fines "  excessive " Airline accused of not having timely inspections of emergency lighting systems Two planes flew combined 58 times before problems corrected Airline also fined for "  past deficiencies " regarding drug and alcohol testing .
London  CNN  -- Before he died last year , Jimmy Savile was viewed as a kind of UK equivalent to American TV icon Dick Clark , gaining fame by bringing music to generations of teens . Savile was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II . He now stands accused as a predatory sex offender . The shocking allegations have Britain reeling . Countless viewers who grew up watching Savile on TV 's "  Top of the Pops " and his children 's program "  Jim 'll Fix It " are now questioning their trust in a social institution : the British Broadcasting Corporation . It 's the worst crisis at the BBC in 50 years , says a top correspondent , and the scandal has prompted a wider examination into an alleged culture of sexism stretching back decades within Britain 's widely respected public broadcaster . The scandal has also gripped the British media , with many questioning who knew what and when about the alleged abuse of mostly teenage girls and whether there was any attempt at a coverup . Police say they have identified more than 200 potential victims , with accusations spanning several decades , and are investigating other suspects in connection with alleged abuse . Savile died in October 2011 at age 84 , soon after being treated in a hospital for pneumonia . Related : Ex-Scout describes abuse by Savile Savile 's favored target was apparently girls in their mid-teens in what one officer , Cmdr. Peter Spindler , said was "  alleged abuse on an unprecedented scale . " The BBC , on whose premises some of the sexual assaults occurred , has found itself in the dock of public opinion seeking to explain how his behavior went undetected for decades . The national public broadcaster has set up two independent inquiries , and Director General George Entwistle was called before a panel of lawmakers Tuesday to defend its handling of the scandal -- including why the broadcaster decided to drop an investigation into the star last year . "  There is no question that what Jimmy Savile did and the way the BBC behaved in the years -- the culture and practices of the BBC seems to allow Jimmy Savile to do what he did -- will raise questions of trust for us and reputation for us , " Entwistle said . "  This is a gravely serious matter , and one can not look back at it with anything other than horror , frankly , that his activities went on as long as they did undetected . " Entwistle pointed out that the BBC was not alone in failing to uncover Savile 's behavior , with no newspaper expos  published in his lifetime . And he drew a parallel with a furor that has recently gripped the United States , where retired Penn State University football coach Jerry Sandusky was convicted of molesting numerous children . "  Mr. Savile has prosecuted his activities , his disgusting activities , in a matter that was very successfully and skilfully concealed , and experts in pedophile behavior have pointed out that 's often the case , " Entwistle said . "  In the case of the United States , of Jerry Sandusky ... these people build very long-range plans to put them in contact with their targets . These things are institutionally , it seems , very difficult to deal with . " Related : National treasure in life , reviled ` sex abuser ' in death Savile had access to psychiatric hospital The National Health Service also faces difficult questions over the access Savile was allowed to a number of hospitals . Among them was Broadmoor , a high-security psychiatric hospital where Savile worked as a volunteer and had keys to the wards . In 1988 , he was appointed to a senior role there , a move now being investigated by the NHS . The police may also be asked to explain why past abuse claims against Savile never led to investigations resulting in a prosecution in his lifetime . How celebrity scandal has rocked the BBC Reasons behind the national outrage over the scandal include Savile 's privileged position as a broadcaster . At a time when viewers had only a handful of channels to choose from , Savile was a BBC mainstay . Savile 's program aimed at children , "  Jim 'll Fix It , " ran for almost 20 years , airing in the prime Saturday teatime slot . Children wrote in with dreams they wanted the star to make come true -- and at the height of its popularity , the BBC said it was receiving 20,000 requests a week . The show 's theme surrounded famous "  fixes " that included an encounter between boxing legend Muhammad Ali and a group of Boy Scouts who also wanted to eat their packed lunches on a roller coaster , resulting in a predictable mess . Stories of abuse Victims , male and female , have come forward with harrowing tales of sexual abuse . They also explain how the star 's power and fame made it hard for them to speak out . Kevin Cook , who appeared on "  Jim 'll Fix It " as a Boy Scout at the age of 9 , told of how he was invited into Savile 's BBC dressing room after the show . Savile proceeded to undo his shorts and touch him inappropriately -- only stopping when someone else suddenly entered the room and , as abruptly , left . "  He said to me , ` do n't you dare tell anyone about this because no one will believe it , because I 'm King Jimmy , ' " Cook said . The boy could hardly bear to watch the show when it aired a few months later , to the great excitement of his family . "  I just hated the man , " Cook said . "  I blamed myself for 37 years . That 's the worst thing : You do blame yourself . " Harriet Harman , deputy leader of the opposition Labour Party , sympathized with the plight of the victims . "  Everyone has been sickened by the vile abuse perpetrated by Jimmy Savile , and it is impossible to overstate the suffering caused to those he abused , " she said last week . Scandal rocks the BBC Veteran BBC world affairs correspondent John Simpson gave an idea of the sense of disarray within the company during an interview broadcast Monday . "  This is the worst crisis that I can remember in my nearly 50 years at the BBC . ... I do n't think the BBC has handled it terribly well . All we have as an organization is the trust of people , the people that watch us and listen to us . ... If we start to lose that , that 's very dangerous for the BBC . " The BBC , which has repeatedly expressed its horror over the abuse , is now embroiled in painful internal turmoil , with the two independent inquiries raking over e-mails and conversations for evidence of who knew what when . One is focused on the culture and practices of the BBC , as well as the safeguards in place for members of the public and staff now and in the past , while the other is scrutinizing why its flagship current affairs program "  Newsnight " dropped its investigation into Savile late last year . On Monday , the BBC said the program 's editor , Peter Rippon , was "  stepping aside " amid the furor . It labeled an October 2 blog post by Rippon explaining his decision to drop the investigation "  inaccurate or incomplete in some respects . " Hours later , another BBC program , "  Panorama , " broadcast its own probe into the "  Newsnight " decision , suggesting that serious allegations had been made to "  Newsnight " reporters before the investigation was shelved . On Tuesday , Entwistle told lawmakers that having watched the program , he was "  surprised that nothing further happened " in light of the material dug up by "  Newsnight . " Meanwhile , the scandal continues to dominate conversation in homes , workplaces and pubs across the country as people seek to understand how a man widely seen as an eccentric hero could have duped the nation and done so much harm . The debate is all the more uncomfortable as Savile appears to have used his access to children , through his charity and TV work , as a means to prey on vulnerable young people for decades -- and has gone to his grave unpunished . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Atika Schubert and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	BBC chief calls Jimmy Savile case "  a very , very grave matter " LIke American Dick Clark , Savile hosted teen music show for years Police say they have ID 'd more than 200 potential victims The BBC 's handling of the child sex abuse scandal is under scrutiny by lawmakers
EW.com  -- For a comedy like "  The Change-Up " -- which is to say , a comedy with a message about as deep as a bowl of beer nuts -- familiarity with Shakespeare 's disguise plays and Aesop 's Fables is n't a prerequisite for getting the picture . On the other hand , familiarity with both body-switch comedies and Judd Apatow laffers is indispensable for understanding just where this raunchy Apatow imitation with a heart of Lipitor goes wrong . The anatomy swappers here are Mitch  Ryan Reynolds  , a swingin ' , irresponsible single guy , and Dave  Jason Bateman  , a driven lawyer/husband/dad . The switcheroo goes down because the two buddies-since-childhood do something stupid during a Guys ' Night Out in their hometown of Atlanta : They pee in a fountain . Specifically , they pee in a fountain presided over by a stony statue of the Greek goddess Metis while drunkenly declaring to each other , " I wish I had your life ! "  For the record , Metis is the goddess of counsel , advice , planning , and cunning . Dave thinks he envies Mitch 's life of free sex and fiscal irresponsibility . Mitch , a wannabe actor , thinks he envies Dave 's successful career , his loving home life , and his cute wife  Leslie Mann  . Crash , lightning , temporary power outage , "  Freaky Friday ! " The deal is done . The next day each guy wakes up in the body of the other . Discovery of genital distinctions follows . Here 's "  The Change-Up 's " first mistake : As set up by director David Dobkin  "  Wedding Crashers "  and writers Jon Lucas and Scott Moore  "  The Hangover "  , the game is rigged . Dave may be burned-out , so much so that he has stopped appreciating his squeaky Leslie Mann of a wife . He may even feel a pang or two of extramarital lust at the sight of his beautiful law associate Sabrina -- as played by Olivia Wilde , who would n't ? But no one would envy Mitch 's directionless , idiotic Peter Pan life -- even if Peter entertains the ladies in a playpen of an apartment . The early Mitch is so excessively unsocialized and unlikable  I blame the script and direction rather than Reynolds ' game performance  that there 's no contest : Dave may need a little kick in the khakis to realize that he 's got it pretty good at home , but he 's clearly the movie 's winner . In fact , early Mitch is so obnoxious that in the end , when the two friends regain their own bodies , having learned lessons in gratitude  oops , did I give something away ?  , Dave is more or less Dave again . But Mitch 2.0 bears little resemblance to early Mitch . He 's still Ryan Reynolds-y , but he 's now someone a lot more like Dave -- reformed by the traditional values "  The Change-Up " endorses -- than like a guy who previously kept a weekly sex date with a lady he described as a tigress . I wo n't give away more about the tigress in question ; let 's just say she bounces and veers from "  Hangover " turf into Farrelly brothers territory . And she also personifies "  The Change-Up 's " second mistake : The movie 's scenes of id-fueled transgression are alternately desperate , trite , and an off-putting color of ugly -- as if the filmmakers were given the ingredients but not the cooking instructions for a successful crude-but-cuddly frittata . Gross-outs involving poop -- kids of all ages usually love 'em ! -- are more humiliating than hilarious .  Really , the old toxic-baby-diaper gag ?  Freakish-looking women are easy receptacles for disgust . And when jokes give way to the " I love you , bro ! " finale , the tone oozes past charming happiness all the way to cloying self-satisfaction . Anyway ! There 's one consolation , and that 's in watching the stars play opposite what is often their type of guy . Bateman , in particular , is enjoyably nimble and unbuttoned when he sheds his usual persona of responsible-and-exasperated guy and lets some devil out . Quick-witted and a pro at physical shifts , he finds more subtleties in his Dave Gone Wild than actually appear in his dialogue . And that resourcefulness rubs off on Reynolds , a pleasant if less complex performer . Acting here as if he were a vaguely disgruntled but resigned grown-up , Reynolds gets to escape the tonal confines of his boyish smile . Too bad "  The Change-Up " has little use for such interestingness . Soon enough it 's back to stale jokes about spousal date nights , the sight of moldy fast-food leftovers in a bachelor 's refrigerator , and the timeless male joys of sharing a whiz in an outdoor fountain after a night of drinking and bulls -- . C See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The anatomy swappers are Mitch  Ryan Reynolds  and Dave  Jason Bateman They switch lives after peeing in a fountain presided over by a statue of a Greek goddess Bateman , in particular , is enjoyably nimble and unbuttoned
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai authorities seized a cargo aircraft carrying tons of weapons from North Korea during a refueling stop in Bangkok , a government official said . The pilot told Thai authorities the aircraft was headed to Sri Lanka , but its final destination was unknown , according to Panitan Wattanayagorn , a spokesman for the Thai prime minister . It contained about 35 tons of weapons , including rocket-propelled grenades , shoulder-launched rockets and tubes that may be missile components , the spokesman said . The plane , which was detained Saturday , had five people onboard -- four from Kazakhstan and one from Belarus . They will appear in court Monday on charges related to illegal weapons smuggling , the spokesman said . Thai government officials acted after working with several intelligence agencies for several weeks , the spokesman said . The cargo was taken to a military base while the plane , which is registered in Georgia , remains at Don Muang . Sri Lanka officials said there were no shipments scheduled in the country either by air or sea from North Korea . "  We have asked the Sri Lanka embassy in Bangkok to obtain details from the Thai authorities , " the ministry said . "  We will have more information on the progress of their investigation later on Sunday . " Such an aircraft could not have landed in any of Sri Lanka 's airports without prior authorization , officials in Colombo said . Last year , two arm dealers were arrested in Thailand . The men 's arrest came after a series of events that involved law enforcement agencies from at least five countries , including two undercover agents from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Viktor Bout and his associate , Andrew Smulian , made millions of dollars delivering weapons and ammunition to warlords and militants , officials said . Bout is accused of supplying weapons to war zones around the world -- from Sierra Leone to Afghanistan . He has repeatedly said he has not broken any laws and the allegations against him are lies A Thai court rejected a U.S. extradition request for Bout in August . CNN 's Dan Rivers and journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	Plane contained about 35 tons of weapons , including rocket-propelled grenades and shoulder-launched rockets The plane , which was detained Saturday , had five people onboard -- four from Kazakhstan and one from Belarus Thai government officials acted after working with several intelligence agencies for several weeks
Ibb , Yemen  CNN  -- When 18-year-old Amal al-Sadah became the fifth wife of 43-year-old Osama bin Laden in 2000 , she was "  a quiet , polite , easygoing and confident teenager " who came from a big , conservative family in Yemen , a relative told CNN in an exclusive interview . The relative , Ahmed , who knew al-Sadah growing up , said she came from a traditional family in Ibb , Yemen -- established and respectable but certainly with no militant views paralleling the al Qaeda leader 's terrorism . The family had no connection to al Qaeda prior to the arranged marriage , Ahmed told CNN during an interview in Ibb on Friday . While some accounts say a matchmaker put the couple together , the relative was n't sure of that report , adding he heard many stories about how the two were betrothed . "  She was a very good overall person , " Ahmed told CNN . "  The Sadah family is a big family in Ibb . The family of Amal was like most Yemeni families . They were conservative but also lived a modern life when compared to other families . "  The family is a respected family and is well known . The family had no extremist views , even though they came from a conservative background , " Ahmed said , referring to al-Sadah 's parents and siblings . The Yemeni government is apparently pressuring the family not to speak publicly about their notorious in-law , bin Laden , Ahmed said . "  From what I know , the government would give the Sadah family an extremely difficult time and always warns them from talking to the media , " Ahmed said . "  The government tells them that the information or comments they give would be misunderstood or misinterpreted and could hurt the family more than the government . " An al Qaeda figure in Yemen named Sheikh Rashed Mohammed Saeed Ismail said he arranged the marriageand told the Yemen Post in 2008 that he was "  the matchmaker " and that al-Sadah was one of his students , describing her as "  religious and pious enough . " Ismail , whose brother spent time as a detainee at Guantanamo Bay , accompanied the young bride-to-be to Afghanistan in July 2000 , where she and bin Laden were married after he gave her family a $ 5,000 dowry . The marriage was apparently a political alliance to shore up bin Laden 's support in the land of his ancestors . "  I was told after they got married that Osama did not want to cut his ties with his ancestral home , Yemen , " Ahmed said . Back in Yemen , al-Sadah was barely spoken of again , Ahmed told CNN . "  After her marriage , we heard a little about her , and her direct family knew the dangers of talking about such topics , " Ahmed said . "  Even if anyone asked them about her , they would avoid talking about the issue . " At first , Yemeni authorities did n't seem aware that they were giving al-Sadah a passport in 2000 for the purpose of marrying bin Laden in Afghanistan , Ahmed said . "  Only a small number of people knew about the story of the marriage in the start , so it was n't difficult to travel , " Ahmed said . "  The Yemeni government gave the family a hard time after she left Yemen . The family is still being watched and have been interrogated dozens of times . Her father also went through a lot . " The marriage was immediately fruitful , and al-Sadah and bin Laden gave birth to their first child , a daughter named Safiyah , in Kandahar , Afghanistan , in the weeks after 9/11 . According to Pakistani officials this week , Safiyah was inside the Abbottabad , Pakistan , compound where bin Laden was killed Monday by U.S. Navy SEALs , and she probably saw her father shot dead . Ahmed asserted that al-Sadah and bin Laden also bore other children , but he could n't provide details in his brief interview with CNN . In "  The Osama bin Laden I Know " , Peter Bergen spoke with Pakistani journalist Hamid Mir , who met bin Laden soon after the 9/11 attacks . Mir said bin Laden had told him that he had plans for his youngest daughter , Safiyah . "  I became a father of a girl after September 11 , " he said . "  I named her after Safiyah who killed a Jewish spy at the time of the Prophet .  My daughter  will kill enemies of Islam like Safiyah . " In the aftermath of bin Laden 's death , al-Sadah has told interrogators that for five years , she did n't venture outside the walled compound , according to a Pakistani military spokesman . Al-Sadah , now 29 , who was wounded in the raid , said she lived in the compound in Abbottabad with eight of bin Laden 's children and five others from another family , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN this week . All of them have been in Pakistani custody since the pre-dawn U.S. commando raid Monday that killed bin Laden , and they will eventually be returned to their country of origin , Abbas said . With five wives , bin Laden had a total of 20 children , and one of his adult sons was also reported killed in the commando assault . Al-Sadah is the youngest of the five wives . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Osama bin Laden was 43 when he married an 18-year-old Yemen woman in 2000 Amal al-Sadah became his fifth wife , and they had a daughter shortly after 9/11 She comes from a big , respectable , conservative family in Yemen , a relative tells CNN Her family did n't have any ties to al Qaeda prior to the marriage , the relative says
New York  CNN  -- It was producers who cooked up a money-making scam in the Broadway show "  The Producers , " but officials allege it was producers who were the victims in a real-life Broadway scheme . Authorities arrested businessman and stockbroker Mark Hotton at his Long Island home Monday morning on charges of defrauding Broadway producers and a Connecticut-based real estate company in two separate ruses , the U.S. district attorney in Manhattan and the FBI said in a news release . From September 2011 to October 2012 , Hotton created fake investors and businesses to fool producers of "  Rebecca : The Musical , " the release said . Hotton promised the show a $ 4.5 million investment from four overseas investors in return for $ 60,000 paid to Hotton and entities that he owned , authorities allege . He also is charged with a separate $ 750,000 real-estate scheme . The "  Rebecca " producers were introduced to Hotton through the investment community in February 2012 , when they had fallen about $ 4 million short of their budget , producer Ben Sprecher told CNN Tuesday . The producers signed an agreement with Hotton 's TM Consulting Inc. on February 7 that entitled Hotton to a $ 7,500 fee and a guarantee of 8 % of any money he raised in excess of $ 250,000 , the government said . Hotton claimed to have secured the $ 4.5 million from four investors , identified in the news release as Paul Abrams of Hawthorne , East Victoria ; Roger Thomas of St. Peter Port , Guernsey ; Julian Spencer of Crocker Hill , Chichester , Sussex ; and Walter Timmons of London . All of them Hotton allegedly created and portrayed himself through e-mail . Sprecher said he had not doubted the legitimacy of the deal because of the phone conversations and e-mail correspondences that he had with supposed investors . Hotton had even introduced him to a woman he said was Paul Abrams ' niece , he said . But when producers started pressing Hotton for the money , Hotton told them Paul Abrams had suddenly died of malaria , Sprecher said . Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said that in an investigation begun in September 2012 , officials uncovered that the investors ' e-mail accounts and the websites for businesses associated with the investors were all controlled by Hotton . "  As part of one alleged scheme , Hotton concocted a cast of characters to invest in a major musical -- investors who turned out to be deep-pocketed phantoms , " Bharara said in the news release . "  To carry out the alleged fraud , Hotton faked lives , faked companies and even staged a fake death , pretending that one imaginary investor had suddenly died from malaria . " Producers had already spent $ 6 million on Rebecca and were about to begin rehearsals when they found out the $ 4.5 million from Hotton was not there , Sprecher said . They are now searching to replace that capital and move forward with the show , which has been indefinitely postponed . Hotton is expected to be presented at federal court in Central Islip , New York , where he will face up to 20 years in prison on each charge , according to officials .	Businessman and stockbroker Mark Hotton is arrested at his Long Island home Authorities say he created fake investors to fool producers of "  Rebecca : The Musical , " Hotton promised the show a $ 4.5 million investment from four overseas investors , officials say When pressed , he said one investor had died of malaria , authorities say
New Delhi  CNN  -- The headmistress of the Indian school that authorities say served toxic lunches , killing 23 students , was arrested Wednesday , police said . Meena Kumari , 36 , was taken into custody on her way to a court where she had gone to surrender herself , police Superintendent Sujeet Kumar told CNN . She will be questioned Wednesday and taken before the court Thursday , he said . Authorities had been working to track down Kumari , who had been at large since the July 16 incident . The whereabouts of her husband , who is not named as an accused person in the case , are still not known , Kumar added . Police want to question him in connection with the case . Pesticides have been found in the food and oil used in the school lunch that sickened 25 others in northern India 's Bihar state , police said . Forensic scientists found monocrotophos , an organophosphorus compound used as an insecticide , "  in the samples of oil from the container , food remains on the platter and mixture of rice with vegetables in an aluminum utensil , " Assistant Director General Ravinder Kumar told reporters in Patna . Monocrotophos , which is used for agricultural purposes , is toxic to humans . Bihar 's chief minister , Nitish Kumar , vowed that police would investigate the poisoning incident from all possible angles . "  It does not appear to be mere coincidence or negligence , " he told reporters after Kumari 's arrest . "  Police investigation will reveal everything . " Confusion , grief and despair in India 's school poisoning village The chief minister said forensic tests showed that pesticide levels in the food concerned were too high . "  The main accused  principal Kumari  is now under arrest , and every aspect of the case will be investigated , " he said . The child survivors of the incident were hospitalized in stable condition , and Nitish Kumar said he had advised that they be kept under medical care longer . A cook , Manju Devi , was also hospitalized after eating the food she prepared , doctors said . Mom anguishes over child poisoned by lunch Devi told police that the headmistress did not heed her warning that the mustard oil used to prepare lunch looked and smelled bad . Instead , the headmistress insisted she continue preparing the meal , officials said . Authorities previously said police would ensure the headmistress ' safety when she was found . The children 's deaths prompted angry demonstrations from residents . In acts of protest , parents of at least three victims have buried their children near the government-run school -- one right in front of the building , according to officials . India 's school meal program : Ambitious , but far from perfect	NEW : "  Every aspect of the case will be investigated , " Bihar 's chief minister says Police say headmistress Meena Kumari was taken into custody on her way to a court Authorities say her school served toxic lunches , killing 23 students Police also want to question her husband in connection with the case
CNN  -- Defending champions Chelsea marched five points clear at the top of the English Premier League on Saturday with a 2-0 victory that left Wolverhampton in the relegation zone . Carlo Ancelotti 's team bounced back from last weekend 's goalless draw at Aston Villa to put the onus on title rivals Manchester City , Arsenal and Manchester United . Arsenal travel to City on Sunday , while United face a potentially tricky clash with Stoke in the club 's first match since England striker Wayne Rooney -- who is sidelined with injury -- made a surprise turnaround and decided to sign a new five-year contract after threatening to leave . Chelsea faced a Wolves team who had not won since the opening day of the season , but made hard work of the victory after taking the lead in the 23rd minute . Nicolas Anelka helped Yuri Zhirkov -- his fellow goalscorer in the midweek Champions League win over Spartak Moscow -- set up France winger Florent Malouda for the opener . The visitors belied their lowly league position and squandered several chances to equalize , coming closest when halftime substitute Stephen Hunt 's header was cleared off the line by Michael Essien . Hunt was booed when he came on the pitch by the home fans , who have still not forgiven him for the collision that left Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech with a fractured skull four years ago . Salomon Kalou replaced Malouda with 18 minutes to play , and the Ivory Coast forward made it 2-0 on 81 when he finished off a series of passes involving him , Essien and Didier Drogba , who returned from injury to lead the attack . Tottenham Hotspur moved up to third place with a 1-1 home draw against Everton in Saturday 's early kick-off , after Rafael van der Vaart 's first-half strike equaled Leighton Baines ' goal for the visitors . Defender Baines put David Moyes ' men ahead at White Hart Lane in the 17th minute with a deftly-struck left-foot free-kick that sailed into the top right-hand corner from the edge of the area , but the advantage proved to be short-lived . Spurs , who made three changes to the side who lost 4-3 to Inter Milan in the Champions League in midweek , equalized three minutes later . Capitalizing on a defensive mix-up between Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard and Phil Neville from a deep cross , Van der Vaart celebrated his return from European suspension to slot home his fourth of the season on 19 minutes when the ball fell at his feet just yards from the goal line . Everton looked to have greater energy as the game progressed though Yakubu , who had managed well as Everton 's only forward , was replaced with France striker Louis Saha after sustaining an injury . The move prompted Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp to shuffle his pack and introduce the presence of striker Roman Pavlyuchenko in place of speedy winger Aaron Lennon , as both sides gambled for the win . Promoted West Brom joined Tottenham on 15 points with a 2-1 victory at home to Fulham , moving up to fourth place ahead of Arsenal and Manchester United . Roberto Di Matteo 's team , had to come from behind after Scott Carson could only push Zoltan Gera 's ninth-minute effort onto the post -- and the ball bounced back off the former England goalkeeper and into the net . But Congo midfielder Youssouf Mulumbu leveled eight minutes later after collecting Chris Brunt 's throughball and beating keeper Mark Schwarzer . Striker Marc-Antoine Fortune made it 2-1 five minutes before halftime with a cool finish after winger Jerome Thomas cut the ball back from the byline . Fulham boss Mark Hughes brought on former England striker Andy Johnson for his first appearance since January , but his team could not equalize and have now not won away since the opening day in August . Sunderland moved up to seventh place after beating Aston Villa 1-0 to end a run of five successive draws , as Richard Dunne 's first-half own-goal proved the difference between the teams . The Republic of Ireland defender could only divert French midfielder Steed Malbranque 's 25th-minute cross into his own net , and Villa earlier saw winger Stewart Downing hit the post and striker Emile Heskey completely miskicked in front of goal in the second half . Sunderland have scored just 11 times in nine league matches -- seven from England striker Darren Bent , two from record signing Asamoah Gyan , and two own-goals . Bolton joined Sunderland on 12 points with a 1-1 draw at Wigan , who moved above Fulham into 14th place . Wigan took the lead just before the hour mark through Colombia striker Hugo Rodallega , but Sweden forward Johan Elmander leveled in the 66th minute . Birmingham moved up to 12th place with a 2-0 win over Blackpool , who also have 10 points along with Everton , Stoke and Wigan . Defender Liam Ridgewell scored Birmingham 's first home goal since August 21 in the 36th minute , nodding in from close range after Nikola Zigic headed against the crossbar . The giant Serbia striker scored his second goal in successive matches 10 minutes after the halftime break when Blackpool could not clear Ridgewell 's cross . Newcastle won 2-1 at bottom club West Ham in the late match to move above Villa on goal difference , with young striker Andy Carroll netting a 68th-minute winner for his fifth league goal this season . West Ham went ahead in the 12th minute through striker Carlton Cole 's first of the campaign , but visiting captain Kevin Nolan leveled 10 minutes later .	Chelsea beat lowly Wolverhampton 2-0 to move five points clear of Manchester City City host Arsenal on Sunday , when title rivals Manchester United travel to Stoke Tottenham move up to third place with a 1-1 draw at home to mid-table Everton Promoted West Brom climb up to fourth , also on 15 points , after beating Fulham
CNN  -- NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has provided your multicolored space distraction of the day : images of a swirling , six-sided weather feature on the surface of Saturn . Scientists say the "  Hexagon , " the formation 's working title at NASA , is unlike anything they 've seen elsewhere . They say the feature is "  turbulent and unstable , " packing 200-mph winds . That 's nearly 50 mph stronger than the wind speed required for a Category 5 hurricane . "  A hurricane on Earth typically lasts a week , but this has been here for decades -- and who knows -- maybe centuries , " said Andrew Ingersoll , a Cassini team member at the California Institute of Technology . The Cassini spacecraft was launched in 1997 and has been in orbit around Saturn , the sixth planet from the sun , since 2004 . NASA hopes it will collect more pictures and other data of Saturn and its rings and moons through 2017 . Cassini had photographed the hexagon before . But the short video clip released this week is the first high-resolution image of the massive jet stream , and the first with color filters . Cassini captured images of the hexagon over a 10-hour time period on December 10 , 2012 . The images , which scientists are still analyzing , are rendered in "  false color , " a method that makes it easier to tell the difference between different parts of the storm . To human eyes , the hexagon and the planet 's north pole would appear in tones of gold and blue . Cassini arrived at Saturn in 2004 . But NASA has begun getting better images of the planet from Cassini since sunlight began bathing Saturn 's northern hemisphere with the arrival of the planet 's spring season in 2009 .  "  Seasons " on Saturn go on for years , as the distant planet 's orbit around the sun takes 29 years .	NASA shared video of massive , multi-colored hexagon on Saturn The image shows a weather pattern with 200-mph winds The Cassini spacecraft has been orbiting Saturn since 2004
CNN  -- The FBI said Thursday it confirmed the presence of the deadly poison ricin in letters sent to President Barack Obama , a U.S. senator and a judge . Earlier , an Elvis impersonator charged in the case appeared in federal court in Oxford Mississippi . During a four-minute hearing , Magistrate Judge S. Allan Alexander ordered Paul Kevin Curtis -- who appeared in court with attorney Christi McCoy -- to remain in custody until a grand jury issues an expected indictment and a preliminary and detention hearing on April 29 . In confirming the letters tested positive for ricin , the FBI said it was "  not aware of any illness as a result of exposure to these letters . " Further tests were being conducted , the FBI statement said . Curtis , 45 , a resident of Corinth , Mississippi , was charged with sending a threat to the president . Curtis ' attorney , Christi McCoy , told CNN in an e-mail that "  Mr. Curtis vehemently denies the allegations against him . " A criminal complaint charged Curtis with "  knowingly depositing for conveyance in the mail and for delivery from any post office any letter , paper , writing or document containing threats to take the life of or to inflict bodily harm upon the President of the United States . " The federal complaint further charges him with sending "  communications addressed to other persons , and containing a threat to injure the person of others . " Curtis was to appear Friday in U.S. District Court in Oxford , Mississippi , for a detention hearing . An affidavit in support of the criminal complaint cites the mailing of envelopes containing typewritten letters and "  a suspicious granular substance " to Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi , the president and Sadie Holland , a Justice Court judge in Lee County , Mississippi . According to the department , all three letters were typed on yellow paper and read as follows : "  No one wanted to listen to me before . There are still ` Missing Pieces ' Maybe I have your attention now Even if that means someone must die . This must stop . To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance I am KC and I approve this message " The letter addressed to Wicker and bearing no return address was intercepted by the U.S. Senate Mail Facility in Landover , Maryland , and the FBI was alerted of it Tuesday , the affidavit says . Three of four field tests conducted on the powder inside the envelope addressed to Wicker tested positive for a protein that later tests determined to be ricin , a lethal toxin , it says . A fourth test proved inconclusive . Capitol Police learned from Wicker 's staff that Curtis had sent similar messages to the senator and that Curtis had posted on his blog in 2010 that he was writing a novel about black-market body parts titled "  Missing Pieces , " the affidavit says . Letters to Obama and Holland also cited the book , it adds . A similar letter -- bearing no return address and postmarked April 8 -- was sent to Holland at her office in Tupelo . It too contained a "  suspicious granular substance " that has yet to be tested , the affidavit says . A similar substance found Tuesday in an envelope addressed to Obama tested positive for ricin in a field test , it says . The three letters all contained "  the same verbiage , font , style and paper color , " it says . The letters were postmarked Memphis , Tennessee , which is typically the postmark that letters mailed from northern Mississippi bear , it says . On his Facebook page , Curtis posted the same quote : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner in its continuance , " the affidavit says . Sgt. Corrie Robbins of the Booneville Police Department in Mississippi told investigators that Curtis had been investigated several times since 2007 , the affidavit says . It adds that Curtis ' ex-wife reported to police in 2007 that he was "  extremely delusional , anti-government , and felt the government was spying on him with drones . " If convicted , Curtis will face a maximum of 15 years in prison , $ 500,000 in fines and three years of supervised release . Wicker said Thursday that he met Curtis about a decade ago . "  He 's an entertainer , " the senator said . "  He 's an Elvis impersonator , and he entertained at a party that my wife and I helped give for a young couple that was getting married . He was quite entertaining . " The Clarion-Ledger of Jackson , Mississippi , posted photographs of a man it identified as Curtis . In one photograph , he is shown under an "  Elvis " sign holding a microphone as he appears to be singing . He is wearing a white suit and sporting long sideburns and swept-back hair . A Kevin Curtis Live Facebook page describes him a "  Master of Impressions performing ` Tribute to the Stars ' for audiences of all ages ! " The FBI arrested him on Wednesday at his home in Corinth . What is ricin ? Letters put focus on Texas chiropractor 's words The line in the letters about exposing "  a wrong " comes from John Raymond Baker , a longtime Texas chiropractor , his wife said . It 's been widely quoted online , but Tammy Baker sounded surprised that it was used in the letters under scrutiny in Washington . When contacted by CNN , she said that she was not aware of the letters and that the phrase refers to her husband 's general philosophy of care . She said their office phone rang frequently Wednesday afternoon , which was "  kind of freaking out our other employee . " A 2006 post on a blog for Baker 's office said the comment originally was a criticism of insurance companies . Since then , the site said , it "  has been a quote that has been picked up and quoted  sometimes without attribution  around the net " and "  people are using it about all kinds of injustices . " Mail for members of Congress and the White House has been handled at off-site postal facilities since the 2001 anthrax attacks , which targeted Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and then-Majority Leader Tom Daschle , D-South Dakota . On heightened alert Suspicious letters in Michigan and Arizona , too Investigators are trying to determine whether suspicious letters found at Senate offices elsewhere in the country came from the same source , federal law enforcement sources said . Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said one of his home-state offices received a "  suspicious-looking " letter and alerted authorities . "  We do not know yet if the mail presented a threat , " said Levin , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . A staffer for Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake flagged "  suspicious letters " at the freshman Republican 's Phoenix office , Flake spokeswoman Genevieve Rozansky said in a statement , but "  no dangerous material was detected in the letters . " Phoenix Fire Department spokesman Jonathan Jacobs said the envelope contained a powder . The person who found the envelope was being treated at a Phoenix-area hospital for a pre-existing condition and stress from the event , and others in the immediate vicinity were examined as well . In a statement issued Wednesday , the FBI said it has no indication of a connection between the letters and Monday 's bombings at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . Ricin is easily made Ricin is a toxic substance that can be produced easily and cheaply from castor beans . As little as 500 micrograms , an amount the size of the head of a pin , can kill an adult . There is no test for exposure and no antidote . Experts say it is more effective for use against individuals than as a weapon of mass destruction . Ricin was used in the 1978 assassination of Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov . The author , who had defected nine years earlier , was jabbed by the tip of an umbrella while awaiting a bus in London and died four days later . A ricin scare hit the Capitol in 2004 , when tests identified it in a letter in a Senate mail room that served then-Majority Leader Bill Frist 's office . The discovery led 16 employees to undergo decontamination ; none was sickened , Frist said . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld , Stephanie Goggans , Barbara Starr , Joe Johns , Jessica Yellin , Dana Bash , Tom Cohen , Terry Frieden , Deanna Hackney , Elwyn Lopez , Lisa Desjardins and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Man charged "  vehemently denies the allegations against him , " his lawyer says No illness reported from the letters yet , the FBI says Suspect Paul Kevin Curtis is charged with sending threats Envelopes were addressed to President Obama , a judge , Sen. Roger Wicker
Kaci Hickox , a nurse placed under mandatory quarantine in New Jersey , went on CNN on Sunday and criticized the "  knee-jerk reaction by politicians " to Ebola , saying "  to quarantine someone without a better plan in place , without more forethought , is just preposterous . " Hickox , an epidemiologist who was working to help treat Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , has tested negative twice for Ebola and does not have symptoms , she said . She is quarantined for 21 days at University Hospital in Newark . "  This is an extreme that is really unacceptable , and I feel like my basic human rights have been violated , " Hickox told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union . " She described herself as "  physically strong " but "  emotionally exhausted . " "  To put me through this emotional and physical stress is completely unacceptable , " she said . She slammed New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for describing her as "  obviously ill . " "  First of all , I do n't think he 's a doctor ; secondly , he 's never laid eyes on me ; and thirdly , I 've been asymptomatic since I 've been here , " Hickox told Crowley Sunday . In a separate interview with CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen , Hickox elaborated on what she thought of Christie 's assessment of her medical condition . "  I 'm sorry , but that 's just a completely unacceptable statement in my opinion . For  Christie  -- a politician who 's trusted and respected -- to make a statement that 's categorically not true is just unacceptable and appalling . " What would mandatory quarantines do ? "  She 's fine . She 's not sick . " Hickox told Crowley that mandatory quarantine is "  not a sound public health decision " and that public health officials -- not politicians -- should be making the policies related to Ebola and public safety . "  For the first 12 hours , I was in shock . Now I 'm angry , " she added . On Sunday , Hickox 's lawyers met with Hickox at the hospital , saying they had a 75-minute conversation through a piece of clear plastic while she sat inside the tent . "  She 's fine . She 's not sick , " lawyer Steven Hyman said in a sidewalk news conference aired on CNN affiliate WABC . "  She went and did a magnanimous thing and deserves to be treated with respect and dignity , not put in isolation because some political leaders decided it looks good to do that . " Lawyer Norman Siegal , former director of the New York Civil Liberties Union , said he 'll be filing papers in court for Hickox to have a hearing no later than five days from the start of her confinement . He said the doctors at the hospital say there 's no medical reason to hold her . The policy Christie enacted is unconstitutional and too broad , he said . "  We need to know what the medical facts are and not rely on politicians who have their own vested interests , " he said . In a Sunday evening news conference , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio commented briefly on Hickox 's case , saying that "  what happened to her was inappropriate . " "  This hero was treated with disrespect and was not given a clear direction . " "  We owe her better than that , and all the people who do this work , better than that , " he added . Ebola gets political ` To put me in prison is just inhumane ' Hickox arrived in Newark Liberty Airport on Friday afternoon and after a seven-hour wait at the hospital . She was put in an isolation tent inside University Hospital in Newark . She 's twice tested negative for Ebola , including a test at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta . Hickox says she has asked repeatedly but has n't been told how long she 'll be held at the hospital . "  To put me in prison , " she said , "  is just inhumane . " On Sunday night , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced he was changing the state 's mandatory 21-day quarantine policy for health workers who return from the Ebola zone . People who worked with Ebola patients but do n't show symptoms of having the virus can serve their 21-day quarantine at home , the governor 's office said . Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts said late Sunday night : "  The protocol is clear that a New Jersey resident with no symptoms , but who has come into contact with someone with Ebola , such as a health care provider , would be subject to a mandatory quarantine order and quarantined at home . Nonresidents would be transported to their homes if feasible and , if not , quarantined in New Jersey . " On Fox News Sunday morning , Christie said he had "  no second thoughts " about New Jersey 's mandatory quarantine for health care workers . "  I believe that folks who want to take that step and are willing to volunteer also understand that it 's in their interest and the public health interest to have a 21-day period thereafter if they 've been directly exposed to people with the virus , " he said . Christie also told "  Fox News Sunday " that a voluntary system of quarantine is n't reliable . "  I do n't believe that when you 're dealing with a serious situation like this that we can count on a voluntary system ; this is the government 's job . " At a news conference Saturday , the governor said , "  I 'm sorry if in any way she was inconvenienced , but inconvenience that could occur from having folks that are symptomatic and ill out amongst the public is a much , much greater concern of mine . I hope she recovers quickly . " Hickox said she has nothing to recover from . Her temperature is normal , and she feels fine . "  Everyone keeps asking how I 'm feeling physically and of course I 'm fine physically , but I do n't think most people understand what it 's like to be alone in a tent and decisions are being made that do n't make sense and show no compassion , " Hickox said , starting to cry . "  I just feel like fear is winning right now , and when fear wins , everyone loses . " Her life in quarantine She 's not allowed to have her luggage and was given paper scrubs to wear . Hickox said she has no shower , no flushable toilet and the hospital gave her no television or any reading material . Mostly , she says , she stares at the walls . On Sunday afternoon , the hospital issued an update saying "  the patient has computer access , use of her cell phone , reading material  magazines , newspaper  and requested and has received take-out food and drink . " Hickox said she 's not allowed to see her lawyer or anyone else . "  The tent has a window , and doctors talk to me in normal clothes from outside the window , " she says . "  So if there 's no risk to them talking to me from outside the window , it does n't make any sense that my lawyer would n't be able to do the same . " A spokeswoman for the hospital said staff is trying to make Hickox comfortable . "  While we understand that the required quarantine is an inconvenience , it is our primary goal to make sure the patient is as comfortable as possible . We have given our prompt attention to provide the patient with basic needs and to accommodate additional requests made by the patient , " said Stacie Newton , spokesperson for University Hospital in Newark . Would policy discourage health workers ? Hickox said she worries that her experience will discourage other aid workers from going to West Africa to help quell the Ebola outbreak . That thought was echoed by Dr. Rick Sacra , an Ebola survivor . He said he 's afraid some returning healthcare workers will skirt the system and end up not being monitored "  You might have some renegade workers flying into Toronto and then driving home and so they 're not on anyone 's radar , " he said . "  If quarantines push people away from transparent , friendly , respectful , dialogue with public health workers , that may increase the risk back home . " Hickox said she would welcome Christie to visit her in the hospital . "  Maybe he could tell me what ` obviously ill ' means . That would be great , " she said . She added that she does n't regret her trip to help Ebola patients in Africa . "  Someone asked me earlier would I do this again if I knew what would happen , and my answer is categorically yes , " she said . "  I feel incredibly privileged to be able to do this work . " After hearing Hickox 's phone interview with Candy Crowley on Sunday , New Jersey Health officials emailed CNN 's "  State of the Union " to refute some of the claims made by Hickox . In the email , Donna Leusner , communications director for the New Jersey Department of Health , wrote that Hickox did receive reading materials and got computer access . Leusner also wrote that "  the patient was given a copy of the quarantine order on Friday and is receiving regular updated information . "	New Jersey puts Kaci Hickox into a 21-day quarantine despite her testing negative for Ebola CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Candy Crowley interview her "  To put me in prison is just inhumane , " she says New Jersey and New York governors have said tough measures are necessary
CNN  -- What do you get when you cross thousands of plastic water bottles with an adventure-loving entrepreneur ? A boat , of course , designed to carry a team of scientists , adventurers and artists halfway around the world . Sounds like an interesting proposition ? It clearly did to David de Rothschild , one of the youngest members of the famous banking dynasty , who has taken it upon himself to show the world how pervasive the global plastic waste problem has become . De Rothschild wants the public to start viewing waste as a resource , particularly plastic . To underscore his message , he and collaborators designed a boat made almost entirely of plastic bottles and recycled plastic . Later this month de Rothschild and the crew will begin a planned 11,000-mile  17,700-kilometer  voyage from the U.S. city of San Francisco to Sydney , Australia . The crew hopes to accomplish the voyage in 100 days . Almost four years in the making , the result of de Rothschild 's environmental vision is a 60-foot catamaran-style boat named The Plastiki . Builders of the boat say it weighs in at 12 tons , with only 10 percent of the vessel made from new materials . Constructed mainly from 12,500 reclaimed plastic water bottles designed to keep Plastiki afloat , the main frame is made from self-reinforcing polyethylene terephthalate  srPET  , a recyclable plastic material , and the sail has been hand-made using recycled PET cloth . Explore the technology of the Plastiki Leaders of the voyage say the boat will be powered by renewable energy such as solar panels , wind turbines and bicycle generators . And crew members even plan to grow their own food aboard the boat with the help of a vertical garden attached to the mast . Put all this together , de Rothschild told CNN , and you get a boat which , its builders claim , is "  infinitely recyclable . " "  The idea is to put no kind of pollution back into the atmosphere or into our oceans for that matter , so everything on the boat will be composted . Everything will be recycled . Even the vessel is going to end up being recycled when we finish , " de Rothschild told CNN in a recent interview . The Plastiki 's name is wordplay off the "  Kon-Tiki , " a balsa raft made famous by Norwegian Thor Heyerdahl , who in 1947 sailed the vessel from Peru to the Polynesian islands . Learn more about the Kon-Tiki 's historic voyage Two of Heyerdahl 's grandchildren , Olav Heyerdahl and Josian Heyerdahl , will be aboard during various legs of the Plastiki voyage . The former is familiar with some of the terrain , having previously replicated his grandfather 's expedition using the original log books and diary used by Heyerdahl , and taking the opportunity to track changes in the Pacific 's environmental conditions . Meet the Plastiki crew The Plastiki 's journey will spotlight current environmental issues . En route to Australia , Plastiki will sail through the infamous North Pacific Gyre , now home to "  The Great Garbage Patch , " named due to the high levels of waste that have been drawn there by ocean currents . Estimated to be around the size of Texas , this contaminated area of ocean has by some estimates more plastic than food for marine life . "  I was astounded to hear that that there are places in our oceans where the ratio between plastic and plankton is 6-to-1 , " de Rothschild told CNN , referring to the area . Opinion : The reason for the Plastiki voyage Expedition organizers say the boat will sail past the Midway Atoll en route to Australia . Its scheduled stops -- in places such as the Marshall Islands , Tuvalu and Kiribati -- will be symbolic too , allowing the team to raise awareness of places that are particularly vulnerable to changing environmental conditions , such as rising sea levels . The journey is expected to take the crew through the "  Doldrums " -- equatorial regions in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans known for unpredictable weather patterns that include listless winds that can trap sailing vessels . Other questions remain . The New York Times recently pointed out that if the vessel breaks apart in the ocean it could send thousands of plastic bottles into the ocean . But Plastiki 's skipper , British sailor Jo Royle says she is confident the team will be able to navigate their way to their final destination . "  We can not look at other boats for reference , but we would n't leave unless we 're completely confident we 'll make it , " she told CNN . Whether the boat completes its journey remains to be seen , but de Rothschild is resolved about the importance of his mission , regardless of the outcome . "  Even if Plastiki gets damaged or does not make it , the message will still be there , " de Rothschild told CNN . "  The idea is to put no kind of pollution back into the atmosphere , or into our oceans . " CNN.com will be keeping close track of the entire voyage , offering insights each week on the Plastiki 's progress . Do n't forget to check back each week to see how Plastiki is progressing .	Boat made primarily from recycled plastic bottles set to sail Pacific Ocean Organizers of voyage aim to spotlight dumping of plastics , other pollutants Solar panels , wind turbines , recumbent bicycles will power the vessel
CNN  -- Authorities investigating the disappearance of two young girls in Iowa said Saturday that they believe them to still be alive . Lyric Cook , 10 , and her cousin Elizabeth Collins , 8 , were last seen by their grandmother more than a week ago when they left on a bike ride . "  We believe these girls are alive and we are not discouraged by the passage of time since their disappearance , " FBI spokeswoman Sandy Breault told reporters in Evansdale , Iowa . She declined to discuss exactly what evidence investigators might have that pushed them toward that conclusion . Breault said she believes someone knows something , and she urged anyone with information to step forward . Grandmother : ` We will fight ' A $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the successful recovery of the girls and the prosecution of the person , or people , responsible , she said . "  Cooperation with law enforcement is the key factor in discovering the whereabouts of Lyric and Elizabeth . Unfortunately , in this case law enforcement has not received total cooperation from all family and close friends . It 's important to note that the majority of the family has cooperated 100 % , " Breault said . "  We believe there 's someone out there and we would urge them to come forward . " Family of missing Iowa girls ` bracing for the worst , but hoping for the best ' The girls ' bicycles and a purse were found near Meyers Lake hours after they were reported missing July 13 . A search of the 25-acre lake turned up nothing , and the FBI is confident the girls are n't in the lake , said Breault . Authorities are now calling their disappearance an abduction . More from CNN Justice : Air Force instructor handed 20-year sentence for abuse Movie massacre : ` Oh my God , this is really happening ' Zimmerman expresses regret in interview	FBI spokeswoman Sandy Breault says not all family and close friends are fully cooperating She urges anyone with information on the girls ' whereabouts to come forward "  We believe these girls are alive and we are not discouraged by the passage of time , " she says Lyric Cook , 10 , and her cousin Elizabeth Collins , 8 , were last seen more than a week ago
CNN  Novak Djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating Thomas Berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the Monte Carlo Masters . But the Serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the Mediterranean coast . Tight Djokovic edged a tight first set before losing the second after the Czech sixth seed took advantage of the short rain delay and came back strongly . But Djokovic broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead . And although Berdych gamely fought back Djokovic served out for the title . "  It was a tough match , a particular match , " said Djokovic after winning his 52nd career title , and his second Monte Carlo Masters championship . "  Tomas played a great match and deserves this trophy as much as I do , " he added . "  It was a good final , but bad luck today . " Despite running Djokovic close it was Berdych 's third loss in a final this year . "  What can I say ? Novak had another excellent week , " he said . "  I tried my best but it was not good enough today . I 'm missing that one step in my clay game but I 'm going to work to raise my game that little bit . I 'll do what I can to make that happen and hope to come back next year and go a step further " . " Strong start 2015 has been a sensational year for Djokovic so far . After winning the Australian Open back in January , Djokovic has followed up with Masters ' victories at Indian Wells and Miami . He then beat Rafa Nadal , arguably one of the greatest players on clay of all time , in the semi finals in Monte Carlo . Sunday 's victory over Berdych means he becomes the first man to win the opening three Masters tournaments of the season .	Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters Defeats Berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 Djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert Nadal in semis
CNN  -- When you 're a billionaire , you can make an almighty splash . Comanche , arguably the world 's most hotly-anticipated yacht , has finally taken to the seas and for its billionaire owner Jim Clark , it 's a chunk of money that could land him a place in the record books . The 100-foot monohull vessel is the brainchild of high-school drop-out Clark , who made his fortune in computer science -- co-founding Netscape and making timely investments in Apple , Facebook and Twitter . Clark , valued at $ 1.4 billion by Forbes , likens the project to "  building a Formula One car from scratch although hopefully not quite as expensive . " The sleek black and red vessel is at the very cutting edge of its sport with a top speed expected to approach the 40mph mark . "  I feel like an expectant father , " says Clark , whose Australian wife Kristy is a model and television host . "  The whole thing when your child is about to be born , you just want it to be healthy . It 's not unlike this . You 're just praying the boat stays in one piece and that 's a realistic fear with such a cutting-edge project like this . " The 70-year-old 's appointed skipper is Ken Read , of North Sails , the world 's leading sailmaker , who has overseen the project since its inception three years ago . Read , a two-time skipper for Dennis Conner 's Stars and Stripes in the America 's Cup , admits to sleepless nights in the build-up to its first foray on water . Clark likes to talk about how the team behind his creation "  is pushing the envelope " with Comanche , which lends its origins in part to the yacht Speedboat , which was launched in 2008 . Designed by Van Peteghem Lauriot Prevost  VPLP  and Guillame Verdier , Comanche 's creation has been fast track , the build itself usually expected to take two years but , in this instance , crammed into just one with up to 40 workers on hand . Clark admits that his creation , "  lost value the moment it hit the water . " So why spend some of your personal fortune on what many people would label a vanity project ? "  People spend money on sports and I just do n't do golf , I hate it , " says the 70-year-old . "  But I love sailing and the technology aspect . " Born and brought up in the arid landscape of Texas some way from the nearest coastline , Clark 's background does not immediately lend itself to a nautical life . But he joined the Navy and , after three-and-a-half years on the ocean , it became a part of him . "  It was in the late 1980s that I bought my first sail boat and , from there , you always want to get something bigger , " he says . "  Then you get to a point where you want to downsize . " Which is what he plans to do after Comanche . His other yacht , Athena , is currently moored in Monaco and up for sale at $ 75m . For now , Comanche , is the sole focus . The name is close to his heart . The last Comanche tribe chief Quanah Parker surrendered about 60 miles from where Clark grew up in an area where "  the plains are very flat like the ocean " . The primary goal , admits Clark , is "  to be a record breaker " and he says , with a throaty laugh , that the boat "  will go really , really fast . " The target is to win such events as the Transatlantic , Transpac , Fastnet and Middle Sea while breaking records in the process , before selling Commanche in two years . As for the origins of it , there are two slightly differing tales . Clark tells the story of going out on the first Wild Oats , Bob Oatley 's boat that has dominated the Sydney to Hobart race , and being blown away by the technology of a keel boat . There and then , the seed of an idea was planted . Read , meanwhile , adds : "  Jim and Kirsty are probably the two most competitive people I 've ever met . They go to Australia each year for Christmas and obviously Sydney-Hobart is a massive deal out there . "  They 've got friends that are boat owners and they got egged on by their buddies , almost like ` come and play with the big boys ' . " It is befitting then that Comanche 's first race should be Sydney-Hobart , although it is not without its perils . The 1998 edition of the race remains infamous for the freak weather conditions that struck and left six people dead . "  This is so cutting edge that we 'll got into that race with lingering doubts it might go wrong , " admits Read . "  Did we push it too far ? Sure , there are sleepless nights and I would love to lower expectations . "  I wish Sydney-Hobart was n't the first race , in fact you could n't choose a worst race for our first race . It 's like we 've gone straight from the gym to the heavyweight championship of the world . And it could end up like an F1 car blowing its engine on its first outing on the track . "  And these are not inherently safe boats as they 're built on the cutting edge . We just do n't know . " Clark is hopeful , though , that Read and his crew of 21 can produce a knock-out blow and halt Wild Oats in its tracks as it bids for an eighth win in the 630-nautical-mile race that gets under way each year on Boxing Day  December 26 . The race is part of the Australian sporting psyche , on a par with the Melbourne Cup , the Australian Open tennis or an Ashes cricket Test match between Australia and England . For Read , Comanche and its crew , Sydney-Hobart will be something of a trip into the unknown but with the technology on board and money spent , Read is all too aware that the expectation will be high in subsequent races . "  We want records but we have to win the races first and then think about the records , " he says . "  But to do that the conditions have to be right . You can have the greatest thing since sliced bread but you wo n't go record breaking if the weather 's not right . But if we get into the record books -- and we believe we will - then it 's job done . " Read does not lack for experience : a six-time J-24 world champion , twice U.S. yachtsman of the year and two-time skipper in the Volvo Ocean Race , and he is adamant the safety of his crew is of paramount importance . Read and the Clarks have become close friends during their time together , Clark 's only regret as a septuagenarian is that he is no longer young enough to be on board in some of Comanche 's tougher races . His bad ankles mean he will mostly be their leading cheerleader on shore with his two younger children , three-year-old Dylan and eight-week old Harper . "  My wife 's an Australian and a very competitive lady , " says Clark , "  and she wants to sail in Sydney-Hobart . I say ` we have the boat , do as you wish ' . I 'll let her run the show . " The record books are on the horizon .	Billionaire Jim Clark launches his multi-million dollar super yacht called Comanche With it , he is planning to break a myriad of offshore racing records There are real fears the boat could fail on its debut , the Sydney to Hobart Race Comanche 's launch has been long awaited by the global sailing community
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi police and soldiers on Saturday launched major raids in a once-notorious insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad . Saturday 's raids in Falluja by Iraqi forces were similar to U.S.-led sweeps in the city in 2004 , shown here . A police official in the Anbar province city of Falluja told CNN that a large number of security forces were scouring its Sinaie district for an array of weapons -- machine guns , mortars , rocket-propelled grenades and small arms . The Sinaie area , in Falluja 's southeastern section , is an industrial district with factories , scrap yards and large , abandoned yards . The area used to be a stronghold of the insurgency in Falluja until the militants were driven out in major military operations five years ago . At that time , the U.S.-led offensive was largely in response to the brutal ambush , killing and mutilation of four U.S. security contractors . Their charred bodies were left dangling from a bridge over the Euphrates River in spring 2004 . In November of that year , U.S. and Iraqi forces attacked insurgents in Falluja , killing about 1,200 militants . Eight Iraqi soldiers and 51 U.S. troops , mostly Marines , died in urban combat , according to the Pentagon . About 95 percent of Falluja 's population was displaced . Falluja is about 37 miles , or 60 kilometers , west of Baghdad After the city was pacified , the United States committed more than $ 200 million to reconstruction projects there , and changes became evident . Small cafes and grocery stores lined the streets once dusty and abandoned . Iraqis in Falluja got back to the rhythms of everyday life : They worked , shopped -- and rebuilt . As fragile security gains took root , American military officials marveled at the resurgent city of several hundred thousand . On Saturday , a police official denied reports that armed groups were trying to re-establish a foothold in the area . The U.S. military said Marines and police in the nearby town of Karma were also participating in a combined cache sweep . Violence has dropped in Iraq , and President Obama 's administration has been gearing up to withdraw U.S. troops . The U.S. military continues to be on guard for flare-ups in violence and insurgent activity . The vast and predominantly Sunni Arab Anbar province was a battleground between the U.S. military and al Qaeda in Iraq during the earlier years of the Iraq war . But the insurgents eventually lost ground when a grass-roots movement called "  the awakening " emerged . The tribe-based awakening forces rejected al Qaeda in Iraq and turned their allegiances toward the U.S. and Iraqi government . While the awakening does n't have clout in Falluja , there are pockets of support just outside the city , as well as in the rest of the province . Al Qaeda in Iraq 's strongest presence in the country is now in the Mosul area , in Nineveh province , north of Baghdad .	Iraqi police official says security forces were scouring Sinaie district of Falluja U.S. military : Marines and area police assisting in combined cache sweep Anbar province is vast and violent scene of U.S. and al Qaeda in Iraq encounters
Bhubaneswar , India  CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update 12:09 a.m. -RSB- There have been at least four confirmed deaths from Tropical Cyclone Phailin , Amitabh Thakor , deputy inspector general of Brahmapur , Odisha , told CNN . Three were killed Saturday ; a fourth was confirmed dead Sunday . Local police told CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , that seven people had been killed by falling trees . -LSB- Last update at 10:24 p.m. -RSB- In morning light , India assesses damage from Cyclone Phailin CNN  -- Morning light on Sunday revealed some of the damage from Tropical Cyclone Phailin , which made landfall on India 's eastern coast as the strongest storm to hit India in 14 years . Power lines and trees were down and cars were overturned near the spot where the center of the storm struck the coast around 9 p.m.  11:30 a.m. ET  Saturday in eastern Odisha state , along the Bay of Bengal . Debris littered wet streets , roofs were torn off houses and windows on buildings were smashed in Brahmapur . Odisha 's director-general of police , Prakash Mishra , told CNN that two men and a woman were killed by trees brought down by heavy winds in the state . Local police in Odisha told CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , that seven people had been killed by falling trees . Hurricanes are known as cyclones in the Indian Ocean , and the wind speed at landfall -- 140 mph -- made it equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane . India evacuated more than a half-million people in advance of the storm , hoping to avoid a repetition of what happened 1999 , when a cyclone claimed 10,000 lives . "  We have taken a zero-casualty approach , " said Odisha state disaster manager Kamal Lochan Mishra . "  If people do not move , force will be used to evacuate them . " Since Friday , Phailin has brought nearly 8 inches of rain to Odisha 's capital of Bhubaneswar , about 30 miles from the coast . The city 's average rainfall for October is 6.5 inches . The storm will continue to fall apart as it moves over land , but tropical-storm-force winds are still possible through early Monday , said CNN Meteorologist Judson Jones . Rainfall will also be a problem as Phailin moves up toward the Himalayas in Nepal . Multiple states in the region were under weather warnings for excessive rainfall and thunderstorms for most of Sunday and into Monday , Jones said . 500,000 people evacuated Residents were evacuated to safer places in Odisha and the neighboring state of Andhra Pradesh , national disaster-management authority chief Marri Shashidhar Reddy said . More than 400,000 were moved to safety in Odisha alone , he told CNN . Many of those evacuated from low-lying coastal areas of Odisha left on foot or by bicycle , Kamal Lochan Mishra said . They are being housed in nearly 250 emergency shelters set up in sturdy buildings like schools and government offices . The Ganjam district of Odisha is expected to be the worst hit , with disaster preparedness efforts concentrated there , CNN-IBN reported . The India Meteorological Department warned of extensive damage to kutcha houses , those made of flimsy materials like mud and bamboo , as well as damage to old buildings . Power and communication lines are likely to suffer large-scale disruption . Extensive flooding will also disrupt rail and road traffic , and crops are likely to suffer major damage , it said . In Gopalpur , a coastal resort town in Ganjam , restaurants were shuttered and streets deserted Saturday afternoon , as rain lashed down . Tourists and local residents were asked to leave the town . Power was out in coastal areas including Kalingapatnam , from where about 80,000 people were evacuated to relief camps , CNN-IBN reported . Some fishermen earlier told the broadcaster they had defied the order to leave , anxious to see what happened on the shore . Military deployed Some fear a repeat of what happened on October 29 , 1999 , when Cyclone 05B , also known as the Odisha Cyclone , made landfall in the same area , killing 10,000 people . It was the strongest tropical cyclone recorded in the Bay of Bengal , with winds of 155 mph at landfall , and it caused more than $ 2 billion in damage . In advance of the storm , military units and National Disaster Response Force personnel were deployed to coastal areas with relief supplies and medical aid , CNN-IBN said . More than 20 medical teams flew to the region . Federal and state government ministers are being briefed on the situation , the cabinet secretary said . All flights to Odisha have been canceled and train services in the state are also disrupted , CNN 's sister network reported . Disaster preparedness International humanitarian organization World Vision said it was helping local community groups prepare for the cyclone 's arrival . "  In a storm of this magnitude there is the potential for widespread damage to crops and livestock in the low-lying coastal areas and houses completely wiped away , " said Kunal Shah , the head of World Vision 's emergency response in India . "  So while we are praying this storm loses intensity , we 're also preparing . " The organization has worked for the past several years to train local people in disaster preparedness -- including search and rescue , basic first aid and how to protect livestock -- and has thousands of emergency response kits ready to hand out where needed . "  We believe communities are better prepared than they were when the devastating cyclone hit in 1999 , " said Shah . CNN 's Lonzo Cook reported from Bhubaneswar and Harmeet Shah Singh from New Delhi and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Khushbu Shah , Tom Sater and Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	Power lines and trees are down , cars are overturned Nearly 8 inches of rain falls in Bhubaneswar since Friday The cyclone made landfall at 9 p.m.  11:30 a.m. ET More than 500,000 people are evacuated , a disaster official says
CNN  -- Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system is figuring prominently in the unfolding aerial conflict with Hamas ' military wing in Gaza . Iron Dome is being credited with protecting Tel Aviv and other Israeli cities by blocking some of the rockets fired from Gaza . Over the past three days , 737 rockets from Gaza were fired upon Israel : 492 landed , but 245 were intercepted by the system , Israel Defense Forces said Saturday . Israel and Hamas : How the conflict reignited What is it ? The name Iron Dome evokes an image of a protective bubble over a city . In practice , Iron Dome is a defense against short-range rockets and mortar shells : the system targets incoming rockets and fires an interceptor missile to destroy them midair . Each battery has a firing-control radar to identify targets and a portable missile launcher . The system is easily transportable , with just a few hours needed to relocate and set up . The missile is highly maneuverable . It is three meters , or almost 10 feet , long ; has a diameter of about six inches ; and weighs 90 kilograms , or 198 pounds , according to the security analysis group IHS Jane 's . The warhead is believed to carry 11 kilograms , or 24 pounds , of high explosives , IHS Jane 's said . Its range is from 4 kilometers to 70 kilometers -- or 2.5 miles to 43 miles . What the violence means What are the origins of Iron Dome ? Israel began developing the ground-based system in 2007 . After a series of test flights in 2008 and 2009 , the first deployment of a battery occurred in southern Israel in 2011 , according to IHS Jane 's and the IDF . The Israel Air Force reported an interception success rate of 70 % in 2011 , IHS Jane 's said . Israel credits "  breakthrough technology " and the system 's radar . Iron Dome confronts multiple threats simultaneously , in all weather conditions , the Israeli military said . "  The radar detects a rocket launch and passes information regarding its path to the control center , which calculates the predicted point of impact , " the IDF said . "  If this location justifies an interception , a missile is fired to intercept the rocket . The payload of the interceptor missile explodes near the rocket , in a place that is not expected to cause injuries . " Each Iron Dome battery costs $ 50 million , IHS Jane 's said . A missile costs at least $ 62,000 , Israeli officials said . iReport : Photos from inside the protests in Israel Is the United States involved in Iron Dome ? Yes . The initial development was solely by Israel 's defense technology company Rafael , but the system has since been heavily sponsored by the United States . In May 2010 , the U.S. House approved a plan to allocate $ 205 million for Iron Dome . In July , President Barack Obama announced $ 70 million in U.S. funding . "  This is a program that has been critical in terms of providing security and safety for Israeli families , " Obama said of the system . "  It is a program that has been tested and has prevented missile strikes inside of Israel . " Beginning of ground attack ? How important is Iron Dome ? Israel has deployed five Iron Dome batteries , but in March , a defense ministry official told CNN that Israel would need up to 13 batteries to cover all its borders . Israel plans to deploy a total of nine batteries by 2013 , Israeli media reported . The system is considered a game changer , Israeli officials said earlier this year . "  Eliminating the ability to hit strategic targets may lead Hamas to rethink the efficiency of acquiring the rockets it has used in the past , " former Israeli ambassador to the United States Dore Gold said in March . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that same month : "  The Iron Dome system has proven itself very well and we will , of course , see to its expansion in the months and years ahead . " Other countries have expressed interest buying the system , including the United States , South Korea and several NATO countries in Europe with military forces in Afghanistan , the Jerusalem Post reported in March . What is Hamas ?	Israel 's missile system targets rockets fired from Gaza In 2011 , Israeli military said Iron Dome had 70 % success rate , IHS Jane 's says The system is highly mobile and can be set up in hours The United States has allocated a total of $ 275 million for Iron Dome
CNN  -- For more than a month , Garrett Hand and Jamie Neal went off the grid . But new photos of the couple -- who family members had reported missing in Peru -- surfaced online Thursday , posted by officials to prove that the pair were safe and sound , enjoying their South American vacation . A Facebook page for Peru 's tourism ministry published several photographs showing the couple smiling and posing with authorities . The U.S. Embassy in Lima also confirmed that Hand and Neal were "  safe and sound . " And Hand 's mother released a statement saying she 'd spoken with her son . In Facebook posts Wednesday , Hand and Neal assured friends they were alive and well , and wrote they had been out of contact for more than a month because they had been traveling in Amazon villages without electricity , Internet or phone service . Missing since January , U.S. couple found in Peru The couple , who hail from the San Francisco area , left in November and began a series of social media posts chronicling the trip of their dreams -- a four-month bike adventure through South America . Their online posts stopped in late January , prompting concern from family members . Saying calls to their cell phones had gone unanswered and bank transactions had stopped , relatives told reporters they feared the worst and asked for authorities to help find the couple . On Wednesday , relieved family members told reporters that the travelers were safe and sound . They thanked the Peruvian government , the U.S. Embassy and others for their help . "  I am so happy today that my son is well , " Francine Fitzgerald , Hand 's mother , said in a statement . "  Now our family will have to process all of this , and I think this will take some time . I ca n't wait to see Garrett and Jamie walking off the plane and into my arms . " Peru is known for the Incan ruins of Machu Picchu , located in the Cusco region , which attract hundreds of thousands of international travelers each year . Some remote areas of the country are out of cell phone and Internet reach . When the couple was spotted traveling in a small boat on a remote jungle river , Peruvian officials said they were clearly enjoying their trip and were n't aware that their families were looking for them . "  These two young people have fallen in love with Peru , " Jose Luis Silva , Peru 's tourism minister , told CNN on Tuesday . "  They have visited off-the-beaten-path places , and it seems like they 're having a blast -- so much so that they have forgotten to communicate with their families . " On Wednesday , a post on Neal 's Facebook page said that authorities had taken the couple to a military base , where they were fielding questions and being photographed . "  The Peruvian military gave us our own house to stay in , " she wrote , "  and food and a bunch of booze to drink . " All the attention was "  insane , " Neal said . "  I may delete my Facebook when I get home . "	NEW : Mother : "  I am so happy today that my son is well " In online posts , Garrett Hand and Jamie Neal assure friends they are safe Family members had reported the California couple missing Peruvian officials say the couple was unaware their family was looking for them
CNN  -- The fourteenth suspicious fire in a month 's time hit a small community near Philadelphia before dawn Sunday . A huge fire spread through more than a dozen homes Sunday outside Philadelphia , authorities said . The seven-alarm fire in Coatesville , Pennsylvania , damaged more than a dozen homes and caused nearly $ 2 million in damage , according to city spokeswoman Kristin Geiger . No residents were injured , she said . It took 150 firefighters three hours to bring the blaze under control , and one firefighter broke his ankle , CNN affiliate WPVI reported . Watch a town fearful of what 's next " Authorities in the city announced a state of emergency on Sunday . In a statement , Coatesville City Manager Harry Walker said the declaration would allow him to "  promulgate whatever special rules and regulations necessary to protect " citizens . It would also let him request assistance from other municipalities and "  enter into contracts , employ temporary personnel , rent equipment , purchase supplies without regard to the normal procedures and formalities prescribed by law , " Walker wrote . Authorities have been imploring residents to remove anything flammable from outside their homes -- including porch furniture and trash . Standing outside the latest blaze early Sunday , resident Janet Jackson said it had broken out just behind her house . "  I woke up and everything was in flames , " she said , adding , "  It 's really scary . ... I mean we 're all afraid to even be in our houses right now . " Francis Dorsheimer said he had just arrived home when his family told him they needed to leave right away because a neighbor 's house was on fire . He ran outside and saw flames "  shooting off the roof . " "  Must have been like 15-foot flames or higher , " he said . "  It was just unbelievable . All the smoke in the air -- you could hardly breathe . " Watch the flames eat away at homes " Beverly Rivera watched firefighters put out the blaze at the home that she had recently moved out of . She still had possessions inside . "  Whoever 's doing this , this is just absolutely ludicrous , " she said . Referring to suggestions that the fires may be the result of gang activity , Rivera said , "  If it 's a gang , please stop , and find something else to do . Because this is , this is terrible . This is absolutely unreal . " "  I never thought Coatesville would be on the map for something like this , " she added . "  It 's just awful . Just awful . " Thirteen previous suspected arsons have occurred since the start of the year in Coatesville . Fifteen suspected arsons happened in 2008 -- including one that killed an 83-year-old woman , Geiger said . The fires do not appear to follow a clear pattern , she said . Three suspects were arrested in December , and confessed to some of the fires , said Geiger . The suspects -- two adults and one juvenile -- are still in custody , she said . A $ 5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to whomever has been setting the latest fires . Federal officials have joined the investigation , WPVI reported . Two homes were first spotted in flames at 11:30 p.m. . The blazes spread and burned 15 homes , causing damage estimated at about $ 120,000 per home or a total of $ 1.8 million . City officials expect a huge turnout at a city council meeting Monday when the fires will be discussed . Coatesville , about 45 miles west of Philadelphia , has about 11,000 residents , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .	NEW : Authorities in Coatesville , Pennsylvania , declare state of emergency Since start of year , 14 suspicious fires have happened in a town near Philadelphia WPVI : Federal investigators are now part of a probe into the possible arsons No residents were injured in a fire Sunday that damaged 15 homes , authorities said
CNN  -- The unexpected resignation of David Petraeus as head of the CIA must have come as a shock to many Americans , especially given his impeccable record as a distinguished military commander . But like the greatest heroes from Shakespeare , it would appear that he was not exempt from the time-honored temptations of human folly and self-destruction . And now the plot is thickening , as details emerge that Gen. John Allen , the commander of U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , is involved somehow in the scandal . As Americans are coming to terms with the revelation of Petraeus ' adultery , on the other side of the Atlantic , the feeling among the French can be summed up by a blas  shrug . Every time a steamy sexual intrigue is laid bare near the corridors of Washington power , the French do n't see what all the fuss is about . It 's only sex , after all . It 's impossible to imagine a French political leader resigning because of an extramarital indiscretion . If this rule were observed , the French parliament would be nearly vacant . The Petraeus affair : A lot more than sex The past five French presidents are known to have had at least one -- and in some cases , many more -- mistresses throughout their political career . The current resident of the Elys  e Palace , Francois Hollande , has been caught in the middle of an embarrassing dispute between his previous and current female companions . The French , long used to regarding their leaders with cynical detachment , have been following this tormented domestic feud with interest and maybe some contempt . The details of Petraeus ' sexual dalliance with his own biographer , Paula Broadwell , are unquestionably fascinating . Still , the French like to consider themselves blithely indifferent to bedroom antics , even when those involved are married to other people . Opinion : How Petraeus courted the press Le Monde , the intellectually self-important leftist newspaper , noted that the Petraeus affair quickly jumped from the pages of the respectable New York Times to those of the gossipy tabloid New York Post . In other words , while the Petraeus scandal may indeed be a legitimate affair of state because of the sensitivity of his position at the summit of the CIA , what really interests Americans are the juicy details of the four-star Army general 's sexual conquest . French bafflement at American prurience has a history -- from Bill Clinton 's anteroom encounters with White House intern Monica Lewinsky to the more recent misadventures of Eliot Spitzer and Anthony Weiner . All have ended with abject confessions . The French usually attribute this American ritual of guilt and contrition to "  puritanism . " This is meant as a put-down and a mark of French cultural superiority . The French , by contrast , are mature and sophisticated , never shocked and titillated by the rich complexity of life 's temptations . France is a Catholic society devoid of the puritanical guilt that is deeply embedded in the Anglo-American psyche . The French draw a line between private and public vice , whereas in America and Britain , the distinction is blurred if not merged entirely . In France , a politician can betray his wife without being suspected of screwing voters . Moreover , French journalists are not driven by the same "  fourth estate " ethos that animates American media culture . French society in general has an ambiguous relationship with the truth , and French journalists are frequently indifferent to the exposure of hard facts . When the subject is the sexual indiscretion of politicians in high office , media indifference can be counted on because press and political circles in Paris are often intimated linked -- professionally , socially and sexually . Hence the famous media "  omerta " about the private lives of French politicians . This convenient arrangement reached a high point of hypocritical disregard for the truth during the presidency of Francois Mitterrand , when the French media kept the secret of his double life -- including an illegitimate daughter living in an official residence at taxpayers ' expense -- for nearly two decades . Everyone knew about it , nobody wrote about it . Opinion : How Petraeus changed the U.S. military The shocking conduct of Dominique Strauss-Kahn shattered this longstanding media omerta . But French journalists are still reluctant to probe too aggressively into the private lives of politicians . They have good reason . In France , there are strict laws that make privacy invasion illegal and punishable . Only last month , Strauss-Kahn , though disgraced and banished from French politics , sued a magazine for publishing a photo of him and his new girlfriend . And he won damages in court . As the eye-popping details of Petraeus ' complex personal life emerge in the American media , do n't expect the French to respond with disbelief . They will claim they do n't really want to know . No wonder . When it happens in France , they are often never told . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Fraser .	Matthew Fraser : The French do n't see what 's all the fuss is in the Petraeus scandal Fraser : It 's impossible to imagine a French leader resigning because of adultery He says the French are baffled at American prurience and "  puritanism " Fraser : In France , politicians can betray spouse without being suspected of screwing voters
CNN  -- A compromising video has appeared on the Internet of an investigative journalist who has been extensively reporting on government corruption in Azerbaijan . Khadija Ismayilova , a radio talk show host , is afraid the sexually explicit images could ignite religious rage against her in the conservative country . The video of her and her boyfriend was recorded via a hidden camera in her bedroom and then posted anonymously on a website imitating the homepage of the New Equality Party , a rival of the ruling New Azerbaijan Party . Social mores in the Muslim society are not as strict as they are in neighboring Iran , Ismayilova says , but they 're "  similar to rural Turkey . " Honor killings for behavior outside of accepted morals are a reality in Azerbaijan . The video surfaced a week after Ismayilova received a threatening letter by mail "  containing photos of a personal nature , " according to a news release from Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty , a democracy advocacy organization that broadcasts her shows and publishes articles that she writes . "  I received a package with pictures suggesting I have a sexual life , " Ismayilova said , "  and the note saying : ` You whore , behave . Or you will be defamed . ' " People in high places could have reason to be angry with Ismayilova for her reporting . She has written articles implying that the daughters of President Ilham Aliyev could have a secret ownership stake in Azerfon , the country 's major mobile telecom company . She has also connected the president 's family to the ownership of a bank and alleged that the relationship was used for shady dealings . Presidential spokesman Elnur Aslanov declined to comment on Ismayilova 's stories , but he condemned the video a day after it surfaced , blaming it on "  subversive forces who try to violate the stability in Azerbaijan . " Aslanov also said Thursday that authorities "  will make all efforts to identify and punish the persons who are behind this dirty action . " Ismayilova , however , calls the spokesman 's statements "  absolutely insincere ... absolutely outrageous . " She believes that the government is punishing her for her stories . After all , the ruling party has raked her over the coals in print , she said , tying her ethnic background to Armenia . Tensions run high between Azerbaijan and Armenia over the disputed breakaway region Nagorno-Karabakh , as well as Armenia 's military occupation of adjacent Azerbaijani territory . Creating the impression that Ismayilova is connected to Armenia can easily stoke additional passions against her with the Azerbaijani public . "  They 've been accusing me of working for the enemies of the country , " she said . One day before the contentious video of Ismayilova surfaced , an article appeared on a pro-government news website , again bringing up questions about her ethnic background . It also attacked her private life : "  Khadija is a permanent resident of Baku 's expensive bars and clubs . She never hid her affection for alcohol and fast living . She often makes fun of the upbringing and values of Azerbaijani women . " A day after the video appeared , a pro-government newspaper called Iki Sahil wrote , "  In her articles very often Khadija would say ` give me a freedom ' and it looks like she got enough ` freedom ' now , " according to Radio Liberty 's translation . The article went on to describe salacious details of the video and pointed out where it could be found on the Internet . The video has triggered support for Ismayilova from human rights activists but also from an unlikely group . Religious conservatives , who are usually among her critics , have come to her aid . The elders in the conservative town of Nardaran , while pointing out that they often disagree with Ismayilova , said in a statement that they "  strongly deplore this blackmail against Khadija and demand it stop . " Ismayilova believes that the support from mosque communities and other conservatives "  could have saved my life . " Journalist advocacy groups across the world have also called on the personal attacks to stop . "  Azerbaijan must halt smear campaign against reporter , " read a news release from the Committee to Protect Journalists on the day the video appeared . Reporters Without Borders opened its reaction statement with the word "  despicable . " They say this has happened before . "  Journalists in Azerbaijan are frequently subjected to smear or intimidation campaigns as punitive action and are sometimes forced to leave the country , " the journalism group said , citing its own research . Nina Ognianova , the committee 's program coordinator for Europe and Central Asia , said Azerbaijan is one of the most authoritarian countries she has covered . "  In 2009 , it was the leading jailor of journalists in the region , with 11 behind bars , " she said . She recalled a similar case to Ismayilova 's , one that involved sexual claims being spread about an independent journalist . The journalist was portrayed by pro-government media as being homosexual . "  The labeling put the journalist in peril , " Ognianova said . "  He almost died in a stabbing attack , and someone tried to push him under a train . " The government , however , disputes accusations that it represses journalism . "  Azerbaijan is an open democratic state with free media , " said presidential spokesman Aslanov , who is also head of the country 's Political Analysis and Information Department . The Aliyev family has held on to power for nearly four decades . The current president 's father , Heydar Aliyev , was in office for almost 30 years before he died . The current president ascended to the office in a landslide election that was boycotted by opposition parties and criticized as below standards by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which monitors elections internationally . The former Soviet republic has recently raised its profile on the international stage . It was elected to the U.N. Security Council in October and has put in a bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics . But Transparency International , which tracks the perception of corruption in countries around the world , ranks Azerbaijan slightly worse than Pakistan , on a level with Belarus and Nigeria . It used to be lower . In May , Azerbaijan will host the Eurovision Song Contest , with participants coming from Europe , North Africa and parts of the Middle East . Journalists from about 40 countries are also expected , which will mean increased global press exposure . Azerbaijan has a reputation at stake and seems to respond to intense , constant international pressure -- "  but with a lot of resistance , " Ognianova said . "  The country has become more sophisticated in their repression of critical voices , " she said . "  The government tactics of sneaky punching in the gut has happened before . " The website featuring the Ismayilova video was traced back to a Web hosting company based in Texas called HostGator . CNN contacted the company to ask about who posted the website with the video . Despite multiple requests , a customer service representative refused to connect CNN with its press office or give out its telephone number . An e-mail to multiple recipients at the company remains unanswered . Ismayilova says that although she is now in danger , she wants her story told . "  It needs to be made public , " she said . "  It needs to be turned to embarrassment for those who are doing it . " On her Facebook account after receiving the initial photos , she wrote , "  I am convinced and determined that I can withstand any blackmail campaign against me . " At that time , she had sent an official letter to the prosecutor 's office , requesting an investigation . She received no response . "  They never called me , " she said . "  They never asked for additional materials . They never asked for the envelope . " On Friday , two days after the video appeared , the prosecutor 's office called her to question her about her request . Officials agreed to open a criminal case on charges of violation of privacy , but she also had asked for an investigation into her allegation about efforts to hinder her work as a journalist and is still awaiting a response . The same day , Ismayilova to a gathering of civic society groups supporting her , and Radio Free Europe streamed it live on its home page . Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty receives funding from the U.S. government to practice critical journalism in countries where it is perceived to be less free . Also Friday , the explicit Ismayilova video disappeared from view in the U.S. and elsewhere . "  It 's still available in Azerbaijan , but not in the Czech Republic , " said Kenan Aliyev , who runs Radio Liberty 's Azerbaijani service from Prague . "  They are targeting Azerbaijan . "	An investigative journalist in Azerbaijan is under fire for a sexually explicit video The video was recorded via hidden camera and posted online to defame her Khadija Ismayilova believes the government is behind the smear campaign The government denies this and has blamed it on ` subversive forces '
CNN  -- The faithful prayed -- for relief , for mercy , for safety -- as aftershocks rumbled across Haiti on Tuesday evening . "  It 's 8:44 p.m. and we 're still getting aftershocks ! Can hear people gathered in the distance singing prayers , " wrote Richard Morse , hotel manager at the Oloffson Hotel in the capital , Port-au-Prince . On Twitter , he captured the aftermath of a 7.0-magnitude earthquake that struck off the coast of Haiti , causing widespread destruction . The quake , which happened shortly before 5 p.m. , was followed by at least 18 aftershocks , averaging a magnitude of 5.0 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . As the night went on , the singing and praying intensified and then waned , Morse wrote . What he did n't hear in all the commotion were helicopters or ambulances . The panic that engulfed Haiti , the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , could be witnessed on an online Haitian entertainment channel called Haitipal , which suddenly became an essential communication tool . Frantic callers broadcast pleas for help . "  My cousin has a broken leg and she 's trying to get to the hospital , " one caller said . "  She has two kids . ... How can she get to the hospital ? " Are you there ? Submit an iReport The man gave his cousin 's address , and the channel 's commentator asked anyone listening who lived nearby to see whether he could help . Many callers expressed their sympathies and prayers for the people of Haiti , while others told of fallen buildings and damaged homes . The first photographs from the area showed collapsed walls and sidewalks covered with cinder block-size chunks of debris . One photograph , taken by members of a American church mission group , showed a dead man in a gray T-shirt and jeans , hunched on the ground . Another broadcaster , Radio-Tele Ginen , collected and posted photographs on its Web site that hinted at the damage and deaths caused by the earthquake . One showed two bodies , completely covered in dust , inside the bed of a pickup . Others showed men and women bloodied by rubble . The building that houses Citibank 's offices in Port-au-Prince , one of the most modern in the city , collapsed , bank spokeswoman Liliana Mejia told CNN . There were 12 employees unaccounted for after the three-story building fell , she said . Are you looking for loved ones in Haiti ? Jonathan de la Durantaye was in a car when the quake hit . His initial thought was that a tire had come loose , he told CNN . Then he noticed that the power lines were moving above , and then a fence or wall next the car started to fall . That was in the northwest part of the city , in an area called Croix des Bouquets . Appeals for aid after quake strikes Reports of exactly how widespread the damage was , or how many people had perished , was hard to gather because of limited communication with the island . Phyllis Bass , an American missionary in Haiti , was able to reach her son-in-law via text message . Using texts , she told of how she saw dead bodies on the road , and how she and four other missionaries were helping the injured . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	People in Haiti using social media to help tell of earthquake , aftershocks Online entertainment channel in Haiti becomes vital communications tool People use text messages to contact relatives , friends in earthquake zone
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Politicians and foreign diplomats said they were doggedly working Friday to salvage a newly-minted Iraqi government power-sharing deal , a long-awaited agreement that threatened to unravel just hours after it was announced with great fanfare . Mahmoud Othman , an Iraqi Kurdish lawmaker , told CNN mediation efforts by Kurdish officials , Americans and the Arab League began Thursday after a dramatic walkout by Sunni Arab lawmakers and will continue ahead of Saturday 's scheduled parliament session . Saying that the walkout stemmed from political misunderstandings and deep distrust among politicians , Othman said he hopes the power-sharing agreement will not fall through , but if the situation is "  not amended " and "  they do n't come back I am afraid it will . " Othman believes that Saturday 's session will be a key indicator of the deal , hammered out to meet the demands of Shiites , Sunni Arabs and Kurds . The compromise announced Thursday was designed to end an eight months ' long stalemate that drew fears of a resurgence in sectarian and insurgent violence in Iraq . The Sunni walkout , staged by lawmakers in the Iraqiya bloc , was prompted by what it said was the failure of parliament to actually cast a vote on the power-sharing agreement . It threatened to undermine political amity and lead to the formation of a government without adequate Sunni representation . The squabbling , regarded as a political hiccup by some politicians , was considered possible disaster by others . President Barack Obama and other U.S. officials praised the power-sharing agreement . "  There are still challenges to overcome , but all indications are that the government will be representative , inclusive and reflect the will of the Iraqi people who cast their ballots in the last election , " Obama said at a Friday news conference at the G-20 summit in Seoul , South Korea . But Ayad Allawi , the former Iraqi prime minister who heads the Sunni-backed and cross-sectarian Iraqiya , told CNN that he scorned what he viewed as a political double-cross . "  This is a new dictatorship that is happening in Iraq , " said Allawi , a secular Shiite who walked out with his Sunni allies . Under the proposed deal , the three major governmental positions were to have been filled by three members of the country 's largest ethnic groups -- the Shiites , the Kurds and the Sunni Arabs . Politicians forged a compromise that left Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , a Shiite , and Jalal Talabani , the Kurdish president , in power for another term . The deal created a powerful new office that was expected to be headed by Allawi , his rival . That office would be called the National Council for Strategic Policies and it would be a check on al-Maliki 's power . Iraqiya also issued demands , including that legislators pass a law within 30 days forming the national council and form a committee to review the files of people illegally detained , a great concern for Sunni Arabs who have accused Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government of persecuting them . It also called for a final agreement on outstanding legislation and for canceling a ban on several Sunni Arab politicians from running in elections . Those politicians have been accused of ties to Saddam Hussein 's outlawed Baathist movement . After lawmakers elected Talabani for a second term , the president gave al-Maliki 30 to 45 days to form a government . Parliament also elected Osama al-Nujaifi , a Sunni Arab from the Iraqiya bloc , to be the parliament speaker . But Sunnis walked out when parliament did n't accept its demand for a vote on the actual power-sharing agreement and decided to go ahead and make the key vote for a president . Shiite lawmakers said the vote for power-sharing could n't be taken because it was not on the agenda , but Allawi disputed this . "  The proceedings were going in the right way . Then suddenly they said we are going to elect the president , " Allawi said . "  We said , ` Wait a minute here we agreed that there are points that we agreed that are going to be announced and voted on . ' " "  I was very surprised , I was extremely surprised . This agreement was done after talking to Obama , the Arab League . " Allawi said . "  It 's a joke in a way . What this reflects really , it reflects the intentions of these guys . They do n't have the intention to really work on a power sharing formula . " "  We do n't want to be puppets for a government that does not respect the will of the people , that does not respect power sharing . After all the compromises I am not going to be a puppet running around being a false witness to history . " But Othman said what happened in parliament Thursday was a result of a "  misunderstanding " between the country 's leaders . He said al-Iraqiya was under the impression that a U.S. - brokered agreement between al-Maliki , the Kurdish region 's president , Massoud Barazani and Allawi would be formalized in a parliamentary vote , while the other blocs thought it was a political deal that would not go to parliament . Othman said the scenario on Thursday reflected a state of "  widespread mistrust " among the political groups and a result of hasty negotiations and a deal that was put together very quickly . He said while Iraqiya had the right to demand a parliamentary vote , he said their timing was off kilter . He said Iraqiya got its choice for speaker elected and it should have waited for the Talabani to be voted on before pushing for their demands . Allawi said on Friday he expects the boycott to continue and that he does n't see himself accepting a role in the new government . "  I personally have made up my mind . I will not be a part of this theater , " he said . "  I am thinking of forming a council for opposition from inside parliament to start building the issues that we think are right for this country and to use all possible peaceful means to achieve the objectives . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	U.S. , Kurds , Arab League are mediating Politicians say misunderstandings resulted in the walkout Parliament will meet again on Saturday
CNN  -- A judge ordered mediation Thursday for all parties wanting access to videos showing the death of a SeaWorld trainer , court documents say . Florida Circuit Court Judge Lawrence Kirkwood last week granted a temporary injunction against release of the footage , which was captured on February 24 at SeaWorld in Orlando , Florida . It was not immediately clear for how long the injunction would last . Trainer Dawn Brancheau , 40 , was interacting with an orca named Tilikum when it grabbed her ponytail and pulled her underwater in front of shocked onlookers at Shamu Stadium . She died of multiple traumatic injuries and drowning , authorities said . Jon Mills , the attorney for Brancheau 's family , argued that their right to privacy outweighs other concerns . "  The potential harm to this family is incredibly severe , " Mills said . "  There is no constitutional right to voyeurism and there is a constitutional right to privacy , and the court is being asked to balance those . " Coverage from CNN affiliate WKMG Court mediation will weigh privacy concerns against the public 's right to know under Florida law . One potential agreement during mediation could allow the parties in the case to view the videos , but not have copies of them , a court document says . Interested parties have until April 5 to request to join the mediation . No date has been set for the mediation . The Orlando Sentinel , The Tampa Tribune , The Lakeland Ledger and WFLA-TV have filed in the case . Parts of last month 's incident were captured on two cameras at the park -- one that shows a view from underwater and another from the park 's Sky Tower , according to the family 's complaint . "  The underwater view does not show Mrs. Brancheau until after she had entered the water . The overhead camera was not aimed at the scene until after the incident had begun , " the complaint says . "  Significantly , neither camera shows what occurred in the moments prior to and including Mrs. Brancheau being pulled into the water and offer no insight into the cause of this tragic event . " Brancheau 's family filed the complaint against the Orange County Sheriff Office and District Nine Medical Examiner 's Office , which possess the footage . SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment has joined the lawsuit filed by Brancheau 's family . "  This is a video of someone 's death , " Mills said last week . "  There 's nothing you can learn from the video other than what a tragic , horrible , traumatic attack it was . " An attorney for the sheriff 's office has said it does not take a position about any video release , but it needs to keep copies so that its case file is complete .	Trainer Dawn Brancheau 's death was caught on tape at SeaWorld Orlando A temporary injunction against release of the footage was granted last week Brancheau 's family has sued to keep the tape from ever going public
CNN  -- Twenty-eight suspected pirates were taken into custody Friday by the European Union Naval Force after a handful of failed attacks on fishing vessels in the Indian Ocean , the EU mission said . In the first incident , the mission intercepted a mother ship and two skiffs early Friday in the southern Indian Ocean between the Seycelles and Mombasa , Kenya . The mission said the suspected pirates were in an area where an earlier attack had occurred . A helicopter from the French warship FS Nivose then tracked the vessels and saw the suspects throwing things overboard , the mission said . When a French team arrived at the scene , it found 11 suspected pirates and "  pirate paraphernalia " in the skiffs : a rocket launcher , grappling hooks and several fuel barrels . The forces destroyed the pirate ship and a skiff and took the suspected pirates into custody . The fate of the second skiff was not immediately known . Soon after , pirates tried to attack a French fishing vessel near two other fishing boats , said Cmdr. John Harbour , spokesman for the EU Naval Force . The French fishing vessel collided with the suspected pirates ' vessel and sank it , Harbour said . Six suspected pirates were picked out of the water by the EU force , he said . It was not immediately clear if they had been transported to the FS Nivose , although that had been planned , he said . Later , pirates tried to attack a Spanish fishing vessel , Harbour said . The boat alerted the EU Naval Force , and air and naval units intervened , he said . Eleven suspected pirates were taken into custody and were on board the Nivose , Harbour said . Harbour said an increase in pirate attacks was likely over the next few weeks as the monsoon season was ending and the ocean was becoming calmer , he said . "  The pirates have been preparing for it . ... We are prepared as well , " he said . On Thursday , pirates on two skiffs in the Indian Ocean attacked the Spanish fishing vessel Albacan , the EU Naval Force said . The pirates fired a rocket-propelled grenade , which exploded on the Albacan 's deck and burst into flames , force said . Armed guards on the Albacan fired shots at the skiffs and repelled the attack , it said . No crew members were injured , and the small fire was extinguished . The EU mission tries to deter and stop piracy off Somalia , which has been mired in chaos since the early 1990s . It escorts vessels in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean carrying World Food Program humanitarian aid to displaced people in Somalia . It also seeks to protect "  vulnerable vessels " in the Gulf of Aden and off the Somali coast , according to the mission 's Web site .	Pirates attack fishing vessels in Indian Ocean 28 suspected pirates and "  pirate paraphernalia " seized by EU naval force EU mission involved in trying to deter , stop piracy off Somalia EU spokesman : The pirates have been preparing . We are prepared as well .
CNN  -- All day long , Lucia looked forward to her favorite weekday ritual : putting the kids to bed , changing her clothes , and pouring herself a generous glass of Pinot Noir . "  My friends and I joke that motherhood ` drives us to drink , ' but sometimes it really does for me , " she said . "  I feel like I need it to unwind , " she said . Most nights she had three or four glasses , though never , she insisted , more than that . "  And on nights that I do n't have it , " she said , "  I really wish that I did . " For a long time , Lucia saw nothing wrong with her drinking . It did n't interfere with her parenting , or her relationships . She got done what she needed to get done . But lately , Lucia had been starting to wonder about her daily habit -- looking as forward to it as she did , and the anxiety that consumed her when she could not have it left her feeling unsettled . Part of her concern related to a history of alcoholism in her family . "  My father was an alcoholic , and I always have in the back of my head this idea that I could become one , too ; it 's in my genes , " she said . Although men have historically been heavier drinkers than women , there is plenty of evidence to suggest that the gender gap is shrinking , and fast . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more American women are drinking more heavily than ever before : one in eight women binge drink -- defined as four drinks or more in one sitting -- about three times a month . A forthcoming study in the October 2013 issue of the journal Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research found that college-aged women are drinking more often than their male counterparts , confirming a January 2013 study of college students in Spain found female students were more likely to binge drink than male students . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reports that arrests for women driving while drunk are on the rise , by about 30 % from 1998 to 2007 . And according to the CDC , white , college-educated woman ages 18 to 24 with $ 75,000 or more annual household income were more likely to binge drink than women of other races , ages , and socioeconomic categories . Part of this rise in alcohol consumption may have something to do with young people staying single longer ; presumably women are out socializing more often than women their age were likely to do 20 years ago . They 're also working more , and drinking is often part of the job in male-dominated industries , like banking and tech . A study that appeared in the December 2011 issue of Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research , which tracked alcohol consumption in those born after World War II , suggested that the move toward gender equality may correlate with higher drinking rates . This suggests that more women have the opportunity , and the pressure , to socialize for work and "  drink like men . " After all , although the three-martini lunch is a "  Mad Men " - era relic , alcohol undoubtedly still plays a key role in many work functions . Entertaining clients is one way colleagues compete , while after-work socializing is an ever-important part of the professional culture . Many who do n't participate in the interoffice networking often feel left out of the group , or even suffer professionally . And yet women with careers are n't the only ones getting a bigger buzz than ever before . A University of Cincinnati study found that , surprisingly , married women actually drink slightly more than their single counterparts . Sarah , a stay-at-home mother , began to drink more frequently after having her third child . She was often drinking alone , because her husband traveled a lot for work . "  My social life is just so restricted ; I 'm home every night , " she said . "  I used to have an active social life . Now , most of my evenings are about feeding kids , cleaning kids , putting them to bed -- and then collapsing in front of the TV . " Sometimes , she said , having a drink was a way to remember some of the excitement of her old life . Other times , it was just something to do . Sarah certainly is n't unique and , in fact , there 's been a movement toward a certain acceptance -- in some cases even glorification -- of mothers who drink . Popular Facebook groups like "  Moms Who Need Wine " and "  OMG I So Need a Glass of Wine or I 'm Going to Sell My Kids " have tens of thousands of fans , inspiring one winemaker to create a label of wine especially for stressed-out moms . "  Put your kids to bed , " the label for MommyJuice Wines reads , "  and have a glass of Mommy Juice . " Though meant , as a concept , to relieve mothers of the pressure to be perfect , the promotion , even half-seriously , of alcohol as an escape , something deserved as a reward for a long day of parenting , has helped make evident the biggest issue of all : That many women do n't realize what problem drinking looks , or feels , like . Like Lucia , many problem drinkers will never find themselves hitting "  rock bottom " or facing any sort of trouble . Instead , they may experience far more prosaic effects , which prevent them , and their family and friends , from recognizing their over-consumption . A recent UK study of more than 22,000 people published in the European Journal of Public Health found that the average woman underreports her weekly drinking by 60 % , and that up to 80 % of women exceed the recommended daily intake . Are they alcoholics ? It 's hard to say . But if you believe that alcoholism is defined by a preoccupation with drinking , a steady increase in the amount you need to drink in order to get the same effect , and an inability to give it up -- and most in the medical profession do -- then more and more women fit the profile quite nicely , though often come to the realization on their own . "  My husband only ever commented on the number of bottles in the recycling , " said Lucia , who eventually quit drinking altogether . "  He 'd be like , ` You drank all that ? But you were n't drunk at all ! ' Except , looking back , I sort of was . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Women talk to Peggy Drexler about needing to drink to unwind after day with kids or work Drexler : More women drinking more heavily ; college age women drinking more than men Websites promote moms drinking wine , she says . Often women do n't see signs of trouble Drexler : Rise might be cause women staying single longer , working at traditional male jobs
FORT BRAGG , North Carolina  CNN  -- Marylisa Miller has spent much of her two decades as an Army wife bracing for the worst . But now the pressure is higher , as both her husband and their 20-year-old son are serving together in Afghanistan . Pfc. Martin Miller , left , and his dad , Sgt. 1st Class Martin Miller , serve in the same Army squadron in Afghanistan . It 's rare , but not unheard of : Sgt. 1st Class Martin Miller and his son Pfc. Martin Miller have deployed as part of the same squadron of about 500 soldiers . Their brigade -- based at North Carolina 's Fort Bragg -- is among the first specifically assigned to train Afghan security and military forces . "  If the phone rings in the middle of the night , I answer it no matter what , " said Marylisa Miller . "  You never know . It could be the last call . " Watch the Millers talk about serving together " The Miller men -- both paratroopers -- did n't really plan to march shoulder-to-shoulder into harm 's way . It just sort of happened that way . "  I pretty much have always wanted to be in the Army , " said Pfc. Miller , who remembers watching his dad leap out of military aircraft with other soldiers in the 82nd Airborne Division . "  I guess watching him do it -- it looked cool , " he said . Shortly before they deployed in August , the Millers revisited family memories at Fort Bragg 's Wilson Park -- the same spot where the couple picnicked with their toddler son and daughter years ago . Telling family stories , the Millers laughed about old snapshots showing the future private first class as a boy -- standing at parade rest while his father spoke to him . "  When I scolded him and his sister , I taught them to stand at parade rest , " Sgt. Miller explained . "  Then their punishment would be laps , flutter kicks , push-ups and sit-ups . It taught discipline and put them in good shape . " After high school , dad convinced his son to try a year of college first . Soldiers with college degrees go further in the service , Sgt. Miller said . But a year later it was clear the young man 's interests were in the Army . After all , growing up with a warrior father tends to influence a boy . Sgt. Miller did what he could to have his son stationed at Fort Bragg . He ended up in the same squadron . The father and son describe themselves as close . "  Yeah , we 're always doing something together , " Pfc. Miller said . "  We go out and party together and we fish and ride motorcycles . " Walking together wearing red Airborne berets marked with their distinctive squadron flashes , the Millers talked about what it means to be a military family and how this life of service often extends to civilian spouses and children . "  Back when I was a kid , there were a lot of people who saw the Army as something good , " said Sgt. Miller , 46 , who enlisted a year out of high school . "  Everybody should do a little bit for their country . " Although the Millers serve in the same squadron , they are in different troops -- and therefore do n't share the same chain of command . "  He ca n't work directly for me , " Sgt Miller said . "  Family members are not supposed to work directly for other family members . But my platoon possibly would work with his . " Unlike his previous tours of duty , Sgt. Miller now bears two heavy burdens : command and fatherhood . The possibility that his son could lose his life while serving in the same squadron has crossed his mind . "  If something happens to him , I can still function , but it wo n't be pretty , " the sergeant said . "  But knowing others depend on me , I ca n't get all broken up about it . If something were going to happen to him , I 'd probably break when I got back . " ` Navy brat ' Marylisa Miller has known the military since birth . She is the seventh of eight "  Navy brats " born to a father who chose a sailor 's life and moved his family from assignment to assignment . In the early '80s she met the man who would be her warrior husband . Shyly , she said they met in a bar . "  It was n't a bar , " her husband said , smiling . "  They say she 's kind of like me : kind of hard-headed , a little bit stubborn and not afraid to voice my opinion . " Marylisa laughed about their first meeting : "  I was trying to get him interested in my sister . " Instead , she and Martin "  just clicked . " They married six months later . Sgt. Miller has served in Cold War Europe , the Balkans , Iraq and Afghanistan . He said being away from his wife does n't get any easier . "  After you hit the 12-month mark , and then it turns into 15 , it feels like forever after that , " he said . The Millers have chosen a life in which Marylisa may not hear her husband 's voice for three or four months at a time . Over the years , she said , she has learned to rely on herself . "  He would come home from deployments and say , ` Let me help you , ' and I 'd say ` No , because when you 're not here , who 's going to do it for me ? ' " "  I have to learn how to be independent , so I try to tell everybody else to learn how to do it yourself , " Marylisa said . "  You ca n't always rely on them . " ' I do n't want to think about if the phone 's gon na ring ' She stays busy . At Fort Bragg , Marylisa is the co-leader of a Family Readiness Group , the Army 's support group aimed at helping spouses , children and others make the best of difficult military deployments . "  I always like to be involved in everything , " she said , laughing . "  That way you get to hear the information firsthand . " The network of Army families provides a conduit of information on deployments and upcoming events . FRGs offer Marylisa a way to help other families . "  We have a lot of new families in the troop , " she said . "  Some of them are young and we try to guide them in the right direction . When someone gets hurt , we 're all right there to jump in . It 's like an extended family . " She recalled an FRG request to help a young Army wife with a newborn baby . "  I jumped in and baby-sat her child , " she said . "  She did n't know me from the man in the moon . " Volunteering keeps her away from TV news and its reminders that terrible events could be moments away . "  I do n't want to think about if the phone 's going to ring or if there 's going to be that knock on the door . " ' I should have been dead ' The Millers ' 4th Brigade Combat Team will be the first such unit designated for "  security force assistance " in Afghanistan , said an Army spokeswoman . The brigade will train Afghan forces to battle Taliban and al Qaeda fighters . In the past , this kind of mission was given to small teams of advisers who were trained in the United States and then deployed in the region . This is the first time an entire brigade has been given this mission , according to the Army . The sergeant has embraced the view that there 's nothing much a soldier can do except depend on his or her training to stay safe . "  I 've had mortars come within 20 meters of me and not get a scratch out of it . I should have been dead , " Sgt. Miller said . "  You see something happen like that and you know it 's not your time until it 's your time . " His son , not long out of jump school -- he has just seven jumps to his credit -- said he 's not worried about himself or his father . "  He ai n't gon na die . He 's too old for it now , " Pfc. Miller joked . "  He has deployed too many times . He knows the secrets . "	The Millers , father-and-son soldiers , serve in the same squadron in Afghanistan Fort Bragg-based brigade is among first to train Afghan forces against Taliban "  I 've had mortars come within 20 meters ... I should have been dead , " dad says "  Navy brat " mom co-leads Army support group to distract her from fears
PEOPLE.com  -- Heather Locklear was in "  medically stable " condition at a Thousand Oaks , California , hospital Thursday night with her parents at her side . "  She is in no danger and she 's going to be just fine , " Bill and Diane Locklear said in a statement issued by Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center . The "  Melrose Place " star , 50 , was taken to the hospital after the fire department and sheriff 's deputies responded to a 911 call at her house northwest of Los Angeles . Reports say she may have mixed alcohol and prescription medication . Los Robles spokesperson Kris Carraway-Bowman declined to disclose any medical information beyond Locklear 's condition . The actress arrived at 2:30 p.m. and by 8 p.m. was sleeping , says Carraway-Bowman . See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Heather Locklear was taken to the hospital after a 911 call "  She is in no danger and she 's going to be just fine , " Bill and Diane Locklear said The hospital declined to disclose any medical information beyond Locklear 's condition
When a college girlfriend called to tell me she was dating someone new , I asked the standard , superficial questions any 20-something pal would : "  How tall ? " "  He 's a foot taller than me ! " "  What does he do ? " "  He 's actually just finishing up school . " "  He 's in your master 's program ? " "  Not quite . " At the time , a year ago now , he was 20 and she was 23 . Mrs. Robinson she 's not ; their three-year age difference is n't exactly shocking . It makes sense that two students  she was earning a master 's degree and he was working toward his bachelor 's  would meet working a part-time job . Yet , during a recent gathering of girlfriends , she seemed to be the target of as many cougar jokes as Mariah Carey was in 2008 when she married Nick Cannon .  At 32 , Cannon is a decade younger than the singer .  It probably did n't help that , at the start of their relationship , my friend 's suitor could n't legally accompany her to the bar . "  It makes people really uncomfortable for some reason , " she said in response to my own mindless cougar quip . As the public becomes accustomed to tales of 40 - and 50-year-old women who date younger men , 20 - and 30-something women who do the same are still regarded as a strange species . In popular parlance , these young lovers of even younger men are dubbed "  pumas . " Take actress Jamie-Lynn Sigler , for example . After announcing her engagement to 23-year-old baseball player Cutter Dykstra last week , the 31-year-old took flak in some online comment sections . "  I ca n't imagine being 31 and relating so much to a 23 y/o male ... they are too immature still ! " said one commenter . Another called Sigler "  a mini cougar . " One People.com commenter even suggested that 2013 was "  the year of the ` young-er cougar , ' " noting that race car driver and model Danica Patrick , 30 , is dating fellow driver Ricky Stenhouse Jr. , 25 . Three to five years hardly calls for puma and cougar jokes , said Hugo Schwyzer , a professor of history and gender studies at Pasadena City College . If it were the women who were three to five years younger , he added , people would say it 's the perfect age gap . "  The biggest obstacle  these couples  are going to face is this enduring myth that boys develop more slowly than girls , " Schwyzer said . "  We just repeat that as if that 's absolutely true . It is developmentally largely true when dealing with infants and toddlers ... but once you get to adulthood , you know , 18 is 18 . " Of course , as far as "  The Twilight Saga " is concerned , 18 is n't always 18 . While Bella jokes that she 's "  not really into the whole cougar thing " regarding a guy two years her junior , her seemingly teenage vampire boyfriend is actually more than 100 years older than she is -- and that 's not creepy at all ? As more Hollywood actresses and models , such as Eva Longoria , date younger men , the unwarranted stigma surrounding such relationships will fade , matchmaker Patti Stanger said . But for now , a Celebuzz gallery titled "  Hollywood 's cougars " includes Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban . She 's four months older than he is . Stanger 's general rule of thumb for dating , regardless of who is on the winter end of the May-December romance , is "  10 up , 10 down . " If a couple is 11 years apart in age , she said , "  do n't cry . It 's no big deal . But if you go 15 , you 're screwed . " Stanger has also mentioned this notion on her reality show , "  The Millionaire Matchmaker , " which is in its sixth season on Bravo . On the series , she often takes on male and female clients who are looking for someone significantly younger than they are . When that happens , Stanger added , cultural references are lost and one person assumes the caretaker role , which can be a problem when that person is the woman . "  When you do 15 years , when you do Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher , it 's going to run its course , " she added . "  It ca n't last when the woman is older than the man . When the man is older than the woman , unfortunately , there is a double standard and it does last . Especially in different cultures ... that is the norm because a man is supposed to provide and guide for his woman . " The puma and cougar debate also has a place among gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender daters , though the lines are blurrier . When 26-year-old actress Amber Heard and 36-year-old photographer Tasya van Ree went public with their relationship in 2010 , age was n't at the forefront of reports the way it was for Carey and Cannon . "  Opinions on age difference run the gamut from fearful to desirable , " author Dave Singleton wrote regarding the gay community in his Match.com column , "  Ask Dave . " "  There 's no hard and fast rule on whether age differences sink the love boat , " Singleton wrote . "  But age is definitely a factor when you date someone . ... In my research with gay men for my book , ` The Mandates : 25 Real Rules for Successful Gay Dating , ' I never met one who described a date without telling me the guy 's age first . " As Schwyzer says , "  The problem is largely cultural at this time . ...  There will be  jokes about robbing a cradle . The expectations are somehow that  a woman is  not capable of being with a grown man and has thus chosen to date someone who our society thinks of as a boy . " In October , London-based video blogger Emily Hartridge , 28 , posted a video about the benefits of dating a younger man . The comedic vlog listed reasons such as "  younger guys try harder to please you " and "  you get to feel more in charge " among the perks . Another plus for some career-driven , powerful women in their 20s and 30s , Schwyzer said , is that millennial men tend to be more open about gender roles . "  For decades women have moved into traditionally male spaces , " he added . "  With some millennial guys ... we 're not seeing more guys who are feminine , but flexible . " For my friend , the best thing about dating a younger man -- at least her younger man -- is that there 's no noticeable age difference at all . I can pick on her all I want for dating someone the same age as my younger sister . And I 'll probably continue to do so -- out of love , of course . But truth be told , there 's less of a cultural gap between her and her younger beau than there was between my last boyfriend and me . At six years my senior , he was behind the wheel of a car while I was still riding around the neighborhood on my Razor scooter . At least my "  cougar " friend and her juvenile boyfriend can both recall growing up listening to cassette tapes , playing video games on the original PlayStation , and watching Bill Clinton deny that he had "  sexual relations with that woman " -- even if one of them was n't quite sure what that meant at the ripe old age of 6 .	After announcing her engagement to a 23-year-old , Jamie-Lynn Sigler , 31 , took flak 20 - and 30-something women who date younger men are seen as strange by some In popular parlance , these young lovers of even younger men are dubbed "  pumas "
An aid convoy that came under fire in a besieged neighborhood in Homs has left the area after delivering only a portion of the aid it was carrying , the Syrian Red Crescent said Saturday . "  Although the team was shelled and fired upon we managed to deliver 250 food parcels ,190 hygiene kits and chronic diseases medicines , " the organization said in a tweet . The team said that one driver suffered a minor injury when explosions and gunfire hit near the convoy in Homs . The convoy left , except for two trucks that were damaged and had to be left behind , the organization said . Valerie Amos , the U.N. humanitarian chief , lamented that the "  three-day humanitarian pause agreed  upon  was broken today and aid workers  were  deliberately targeted . " "  Today 's events serve as a stark reminder of the dangers that civilians and aid workers face every day across Syria , " said Amos , who applauded "  the courage and tenacity " of U.N. and Red Crescent aid workers . Video from the scene posted by activists showed bullet holes in the aid vehicles , and damage to buildings from explosions . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency had reported that four Syrian Arab Red Crescent workers were wounded Saturday by gunfire from "  terrorist groups " while they were trying to deliver humanitarian aid to the Old City of Homs . Homs ' Governor Talal al-Barazi said that "  armed terrorist groups " had violated a truce in the Old City by firing mortar shells on the police command building in the Old Sa'a area . But in a statement to SANA , Barazi said the government would keep its promise to help get civilians out of the Old City of Homs The government refers to rebels in the civil war that has fractured the country as "  terrorists . " The U.N.-led operation to help civilians wishing to leave the Old City of Homs started Friday with the evacuation of 83 women , children and elderly civilians after an agreement between the government and opposition groups for a cease-fire that was also intended to allow for humanitarian aid to reach the city on Saturday . As many as 2,500 people are thought to be trapped in Homs , parts of which have been under siege since June 2012 . The first group of civilians was allowed to leave the city , SANA reported Friday . A video posted Saturday to YouTube showed more than a dozen civilians carrying bundles as they walked between four U.N. vehicles -- two on each side -- in an apparent attempt to avoid being shot . It was not clear whether they reached their destination . The killing flared anew Saturday across the nation , with at least 83 people killed , 10 of them children and six women , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported . Five of the deaths occurred in Homs , it said . Nearly half of the deaths -- 41 -- occurred in Aleppo , where video shot by an opposition activist and posted to YouTube showed the graphic aftermath of what the poster said was a barrel-bomb attack carried out by government helicopters : buildings with their faces blown off , bodies with their limbs blown off and cars ablaze . Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel . "  Each and every barrel bomb filled with metal shrapnel and fuel launched against innocent Syrians underscores the barbarity of a regime that has turned its country into a super magnet for terror , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said this week in a statement after another reported barrel-bomb attack on the northern city , which has become a flashpoint in the war .	U.N. humanitarian chief says aid workers were "  deliberately targeted " Workers were trying to deliver humanitarian aid , but only a portion of it got through Government blames "  terrorists " for wounding 4 aid workers But the Red Crescent says only one , a driver , suffered a minor injury
CNN  -- I love helping others plan a trip to South Africa . Not only does it give me a sense of home-turf pride , it 's a beautiful country to visit that 's great at looking after tourists . First , let 's get a common misconception out of the way : Yes , there is a significant crime rate in some parts of the country , and you will need to be vigilant . But , the same can be said for almost any country worldwide . On to the good stuff . South Africa is a beautifully diverse country , racially and geographically . That being said , it 's important to have a travel plan before you go . My ideal South African vacation would include a lengthy stop in Cape Town  my home town  , a drive up the Garden Route and a safari . That way you get a bit of all the country has to offer . The mother city The Cape Peninsula is characterized by a steep mountain range running down into the cool blue Atlantic . The most famous mountain in this range is called Table Mountain because it 's flat like a table . To its left is Lion 's Head and to its right is Devil 's Peak . The view from the summit of Table Mountain is top of my list when visiting the Cape Town . You can get up and down by hiking or taking the cable car . Lines are long , so if you 're going during the day , get there early . I highly recommend taking a picnic up to the top an hour or so before sunset and taking the last car down . Cape Town is known for its red and orange skies at sundown , and Table Mountain provides the perfect panoramic view . My best advice for people visiting Cape Town would be to group outings together by location . Cape Point is a bit of a drive away , but I find it well worth it to see where the cold Atlantic Ocean meets the warm Indian Ocean . Just be mindful of the baboons -- they 're cheeky ! It 's easy to stop in Simonstown , Kalk Bay or even Fish Hoek for lunch or a snack on the way back . The Brass Bell and the Black Marlin are two local eateries that have stunning views . A visit to Robben Island is also likely to take a whole day . Book a ferry ticket in advance and be sure to check the weather report . Visiting this island , which was used as a prison for centuries , is very humbling and should n't be missed . Nelson Mandela was imprisoned on Robben Island for 18 years . Another interesting day trip is an outing to the wine farms . See whether your hotel can organize a driver for you . I love Fairview , which has a great restaurant and affordable wines . They also have a goat pen to entertain children , and of course , delicious goat cheese available for tasting with your wine . Some other well-known vineyards include Spier , Thelema , Delaire Graff , Delheim , Asara and Zevenwacht . I also like visiting the small university town of Stellenbosch . Its quaint , tree-lined streets provide some shelter from the heat , and it 's a great place to stop for coffee or a meal on your way back to the city . Can you tell South Africans like to eat ? Back in the city , it 's really worth it to check out some local flavors . Greenmarket Square is in the middle of the central business district and is a great place to find some authentic carvings and crafts . There are plenty of great places to eat there , too . Try Mama Africa or Africa Caf  if you 're looking for strictly African food . Long Street usually starts buzzing as the sun goes down . Running the length of downtown Cape Town , Long Street is home to backpacker lodges , hip clothing boutiques , funky restaurants and amazing night life . Exploring outside the city Once you 've had your fill of the Cape Town area , take a drive up the Garden Route . This stretch of highway runs up South Africa 's eastern coast and is well-known for its breathtaking views and whale-watching vantages . Completing the trek in three or four days gives you ample time to stop as you want along the way . For overnight destinations , I recommend Cape Agulhas  to say you 've been to the southernmost tip of Africa  , Knysna  great for whale watching if you 're there in the spring  and Plettenberg Bay . There are beautiful beaches along this stretch of coastline , as well as lush rainforests and winding mountain passes . For the more adventurous , bungee jumping off the Bloukrans Bridge is a must -- it 's the tallest bridge jump in the world ! As for the safari portion , Addo Elephant National Park boasts all the big five  elephant , rhino , lion , leopard , buffalo  and is conveniently at the end of the Garden Route . Alternatively , you could visit Kruger National Park . Arguably the country 's most well-known game reserve , Kruger offers multiple accommodation options  ranging from camping to a fabulous lodge  and is well-prepared for tourists . If you 'd prefer to do something a little more intimate , Phinda , Hluhluwe-Umfolozi and Sabi Sands are beautiful . The best way to see game is on drives . Most parks offer drives early morning or at sunset . Dress warmly if you 're going in the morning and take bug spray if you 're going at night . Another way to observe the wildlife is at a watering hole . Most parks have huts or viewing areas around big holes where you can watch animals undisturbed . South Africans are a very friendly and helpful bunch . We love helping people , especially tourists , and if you enjoy something along the way , we 'll likely ask you to tell your friends back home . Take your time while traveling . we tend to move pretty slowly , but it means we enjoy every moment and I hope you 'll do the same .	South Africa is a beautifully diverse country Take a lengthy stop in Cape Town , a drive up the Garden Route and a safari Explore South Africa 's diverse cuisine to round out the experience
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Fans of Michael Jackson lined the streets outside Harlem 's Apollo Theater on Tuesday for a chance to pay their respects to the late "  King of Pop " at the hall that helped launch his career . A hat and glittery glove represent Michael Jackson at the Apollo Theater tribute . The crowd stood eight to 10 abreast in the sun and 80-degree weather for 10 blocks , waiting for hours for a chance to enter the theater . Fans were allowed in 600 at a time , where they lay flowers and other mementos at the foot of the stage and danced to Jackson 's music as it played over the sound system . "  We left our house at 4 o'clock in the morning and got here at 9 , and we were lucky to get here , " said Angela Staples , who came to New York from Pennsylvania with her daughter Jasmine . "  I 'm so happy about the outpouring of love and the crowd and the people . It 's so respectful to Michael . " Those in the hall observed a moment of silence at 5:26 p.m. -- the time Jackson was pronounced dead Thursday in Los Angeles , California . The cause of the 50-year-old singer 's death has not yet been determined . An autopsy on the 50-year-old singer was was inconclusive , leaving authorities waiting on the results of toxicology tests to determine what killed him . Fans have been gathering outside the theater since last week to remember Jackson , who at age 9 won a 1967 Apollo amateur night showcase with his brothers in the group the Jackson 5 . "  While he went on from the Apollo stage to achieve international fame on an unprecedented level , to us and all of you , he 's family because he started out here , " said Jonelle Procope , the legendary venue 's CEO . Jackson became an idol of both black and white fans and was among the first African-American artists to get widespread play on the music-video channel MTV . But in later years , he was known more for a roller-coaster personal life , including extensive plastic surgery , financial woes and a 1995 trial and acquittal on child-molestation charges . The Rev. Al Sharpton , the New York civil rights activist who became a friend of the Jackson family , urged Jackson 's fans not to let critics "  scandalize " a groundbreaking performer . "  Michael was n't no freak , " Sharpton said . "  Michael was a genius . Michael was an innovator . You ca n't take someone with extraordinary skills , extraordinary talent , and make him an ordinary person . He was extraordinary . He lived extraordinarily , and we love him with an extraordinary passion . " The Apollo had been one of the top venues for jazz , gospel and soul artists for decades before the Jacksons ' breakthrough . Sharpton said the theater was home to "  the best and the baddest . " "  You 've got to come from the stage of the Apollo and go all over the world to understand Michael , " Sharpton said . "  We understand his journey , because we were with him every step of the way . " The Jackson brothers ' amateur night win led to a $ 1,000 deal for 31 shows at the Apollo , said Bobby Schiffman , whose family owned the theater . "  Shortly after their appearance , Diana Ross took them on an NBC special that she did , and there was no looking back after that . They just skyrocketed , " Schiffman said . Jackson at the time "  was a sweet little boy , " he said . "  He was extremely talented , extremely easy to get along with , " Schiffman said . "  He always had a smile on his face , and it was a pleasure to see him working in the theater . " CNN 's Aspen Steib contributed to this report .	Fans line streets for blocks to pay tribute to Michael Jackson at Apollo Theater Fans lay flowers , mementos at the foot of the stage , dance to Jackson 's music Jackson 5 won amateur night contest at Apollo in 1967
CNN  Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott 's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated . Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on Interstate 30 just northeast of Dallas , and uploaded it to CNN iReport . Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and Barnett slowly approached in his vehicle . As he drew closer to the bus , Barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect . "  It was shocking , " he said . "  I did n't know what I was about to see . I did n't know if anyone was hurt . " Barnett said he did n't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band . Hillary Scott , co-lead singer for the band , posted a photo of the charred bus on Instagram and noted that she , her husband , the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely . "  Thanking God for our safety and the safety of all of those who helped put this fire out and keep us safe , " she wrote . The tour manager told CNN affiliate KTVT that the bus stopped after a rear tire blew out . It burst into flames after everyone had gotten off . Scott also posted an Instagram photo and message saying that the fire destroyed everything in the bus 's back lounge except her Bible . The band 's two other members , Charles Kelley and Dave Haywood , were not traveling on the bus , KTVT reported . Lady Antebellum is set to perform at the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday in Arlington , Texas .	Country band Lady Antebellum 's bus caught fire Thursday on a Texas freeway A CNN iReporter captured the dramatic scene on video Singer Hillary Scott shared a pic of the charred bus on Instagram
CNN  -- Germany captain Michael Ballack will miss the World Cup after he picked up an ankle injury during Chelsea 's FA Cup final victory over Portsmouth at Wembley . The 33-year-old sustained ligament damage in a strong tackle from Portsmouth midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng that forced him to hobble off before half-time in a game that Chelsea won 1-0 . A scan in Munich revealed the extent of Ballack 's injury , which will rule him out for up to two months , according to the German Football Association . In a recent interview with CNN Ballack spoke of his excitement at leading his country to the World Cup , but he acknowledged it would be his last appearance at the tournament . Now he will be forced to watch from the sidelines as Germany open their bid for the trophy with a game against Australia on June 13 . Ironically , Boateng may be representing Ghana at the finals , who are also in Germany 's group . Ballack has 98 caps for Germany and made 36 appearances for Chelsea this season . A statement on the German Football Association 's Web site read : "  German captain Michael Ballack will not be able to play at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa . This is the result of a magnetic resonance imaging , which was performed this Monday in Munich . "  The tomography showed a rupture of the cruciate ligament and a partial rupture of the syndesmosis at his right ankle , which will be immobilized in a cast . Ballack will then wear a specially designed shoe for two weeks . "  German team doctor Hans-Wilhelm Mller-Wohlfahrt said , that according to today 's diagnosis , Ballack can look for a complete recovery , but that it should require a minimum of eight weeks before a possible re-entry into regular practice sessions . "	Michael Ballack has been ruled out of the World Cup through injury Ballack sustained ankle ligament damage playing for Chelsea in the FA Cup final German doctors say Ballack will be out of action for up to two months
CNN  -- North West , the 1-year-old daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West , is already a social media darling due to her mom 's active presence on Instagram . Now the child 's new look is sparking some controversy online . Recent photos of North wearing what appear to be diamond stud earrings have appeared online , sending the social media universe into overdrive . The photos have revived debate about whether it 's safe or even appropriate to pierce babies ' ears . In some cultures , it 's expected and no big deal to pierce and adorn a baby 's ears , but others find piercings to be an unnecessary source of pain and risk for a tot . Piercing Pagoda , a jewelry kiosk found in malls across America , has been piercing ears since 1969 , and its website boasts of 20 million piercings . Some parents opt to have their babies ' ears pierced at birth , but Piercing Pagoda offers services to children 2 months and older , provided they are with "  an identified parent or legal guardian , " according to its site . Dr. Wendy Sue Swanson , executive director of digital health at Seattle Children 's Hospital , recommends that parents wait until at least 6 months old , although even older is ideal . "  Ear piercing is always unnecessary , so if you 're wanting to reduce all risks wait as long as you can into childhood , " she said in an e-mail . Piercing Pagoda recommends that children have their first vaccination for tetanus before piercing , but Swanson said it 's best to wait until at least 6 months old when a baby 's immune system is more developed . By then , "  your baby can have three tetanus shots , along with more mature earlobes , " she said . Swanson also recommends finding a pediatric office to do your child 's piercing as the staff there is trained in sterile technique and is likely to use a pain reliever or topical anesthetic . It 's unclear where North received her piercing , or if it 's even a real piercing , but the procedure would be medically safe for a 1-year-old , according to Swanson . Do you think a 1-year-old is too young for ear piercing ? When did you get yours done ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West may have gotten her ears pierced Some social media users object to a 1-year-old getting pierced ears One doctor recommends waiting until a child is at least 6 months old
CLARENCE CENTER , New York  CNN  -- Recovering all the bodies from Thursday 's deadly passenger plane crash may take four days as investigators work through freezing temperatures and piles of wreckage , a federal transportation official said Saturday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . "  The medical examiner believes that three to four days are going to be required to recover the victims of this crash , and they 're in the process of doing that , " Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board said . "  They 've already pulled some of the folks out of there , but they 've got a long way to go . " All 49 passengers aboard Continental Connection Flight 3407 died when the 74-seat Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 turboprop crashed into a home in Clarence Center , New York , on Thursday night . A 61-year-old man in the house died also , but his wife and daughter survived . Fifteen bodies have been recovered , and efforts to identify the victims and conduct autopsies are under way , Erie County Health Commission Anthony Billittier said Saturday evening . A federal disaster mortuary team was called to assist local forensic officials . Despite reports from local authorities who said the plane hurtled toward the house from a sharp nosedive , Chealander said the current orientation of the plane indicates that it fell flat on its belly . The Continental flight from Newark , New Jersey , operated by Colgan Air , crashed about 10:17 p.m. Thursday northeast of Buffalo Niagara International Airport . Follow the plane 's path " Chealander said the recovery effort and the investigation have been hampered by freezing temperatures as authorities try to sift through the wreckage of the flight and the home it struck . Some parts of the plane have fallen as deep as the basement , he said . "  Keep in mind , there 's an airplane that fell on top of a house , " he told reporters . "  The house and the airplane are together . " Authorities said it would probably take weeks to identify remains of the victims , with DNA testing required in many cases because of the intensity of the crash and subsequent fire . A 2-square-mile area around the crash site , about 6 miles from the Buffalo airport where the plane was headed , remained sealed off Saturday as investigators sought to determine the cause of the crash . But the extent of the restricted area belied the concentrated force of the impact into the one house . Watch what investigators are saying " Karen Wielinski was watching television inside the house when she heard a plane making an unusually loud noise . "  I thought to myself , ` If that 's a plane , it 's going to hit something , ' " she told Buffalo radio station WBEN . "  And next thing I knew , the ceiling was on me , " she said . Wielinski and her daughter Jill , 22 , were in the front of the home , and they escaped the house with minor injuries . Wielinski 's husband , Doug , who was in the dining room , was killed . On Friday , federal investigators released information from the plane 's cockpit voice and flight data recorders , indicating that icing may have been a major factor in the crash . The plane 's pilot and co-pilot discussed "  significant ice buildup " on the plane 's windshield and wings as it descended toward the Buffalo airport . The plane underwent "  severe " pitching and rolling motions after the landing gear was lowered and wing flaps were set for the approach , Chealander said . There was a mix of sleet and snow in the area , but other planes landed safely at the airport about the time the flight went down . Chealander said the flight crew reported that visibility was about 3 miles and there was snow and mist as they descended . The voice and data recorders indicated that the plane 's internal de-icing was on during the landing approach , he said . "  A significant ice buildup is an aerodynamic impediment , " he added . Find out why " Keith Burtis was driving about a mile from the crash site when he heard the impact . "  It was a high-pitched sound , " Burtis said . "  It felt like a mini-earthquake . " A ball of fire filled the night sky as the jet fuel erupted , Burtis said , and he saw a steady stream of fire trucks rush past as smoke billowed . At least nine volunteer fire departments responded . Watch iReporters ' close-up accounts " Among the passengers killed was Beverly Eckert , widow of a September 11 attack victim . Also aboard was Alison Des Forges , senior Africa adviser for Human Rights Watch , one of her colleagues said . Des Forges spent four years in Rwanda documenting the 1994 genocide and had testified about the atrocity and the situation in central Africa to Congress and the United Nations , according to the organization . Read more about the victims Also on the flight was Susan Wehle , a cantor at Temple Beth Am in Williamsville , outside Buffalo , a synagogue official said . Colgan Air identified the crew as Capt. Marvin Renslow , the pilot ; First Officer Rebecca Shaw , who was co-pilot ; and flight attendants Matilda Quintero and Donna Prisco . In addition , an off-duty crew member , Capt. Joseph Zuffoletto , was onboard . "  This is easily the saddest day in the history of our airline , " said Philip Trenary , the company 's CEO .	NEW : 15 bodies recovered ; identification could take weeks NEW : Cold weather , extent of wreckage could prolong recovery as much as four days NEW : Orientation of plane indicates that it fell flat on its belly , NTSB says De-icing equipment was turned on at time of crash , investigator says
CNN  -- The bad news came via certified letter to Norma Jimenez , Edna Rodriguez and nearly 17,000 other Puerto Ricans this month . Thousands last week protest government layoffs in Puerto Rico . To cut spending , Puerto Rico announced last month that thousands of government employees would be fired in the second round of layoffs this year . More than 7,800 public employees were fired in March . "  I was fearful because of the uncertainty , " Jimenez , 42 , an auxiliary administrator for the U.S. territory 's Department of Education told CNN . "  Will the letter come or not come ? " The letter came , and it said that under a measure authorized by an emergency fiscal bill , her last day of work would be January 8 of next year . Rodriguez , who worked for the education department for 11 years as a receptionist , got the same letter , but with a November 6 termination date . "  It was as if the world collapsed , " she told CNN . And presumably , so it goes for the thousands of other public employees who were laid off . The austere measures are a bid by the government to stabilize a fiscal mess and save Puerto Rico 's credit rating . According to government figures , the U.S. territory faces a $ 3.2 billion budget deficit -- proportionally , the largest shortfall in the United States -- and is entering a fourth year of recession . The severity of the plan reflects the aftermath of what experts say is years , maybe decades , of the lack of a forward-looking economic policy . Confronted with the fear that the credit-rating agencies might reduce Puerto Rico 's rating to junk status , the administration of Gov. Luis Fortuno has taken strong , but controversial , steps . "  Every layoff letter has a name , and every name has a story , " Puerto Rico Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock said in an interview with CNN . But , he said , "  Doing nothing was not an alternative . " The governor and other officials cut their salaries and trimmed spending in other areas , but the massive layoffs were necessary to avert the downgraded credit rating , McClintock said . "  If that happened , we would become the first state in the history of the U.S. to have its credit downgraded to junk bond , " he said . Puerto Rico 's unemployment rate is nearly 16 percent , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . According to government calculations , a downgraded credit rating would have pushed that figure toward 25 percent unemployment , McClintock said . The government is betting that the reduced spending , combined with $ 6.5 billion in combined federal and local stimulus funds , will be enough to get the territory back on solid footing . As a U.S. commonwealth , Puerto Rico exercises much autonomy , but still falls under U.S. jurisdiction . In addition to the federal stimulus money , Puerto Rican officials traveled to Washington last month to lobby for discretionary stimulus grants . How did Puerto Rico get into this predicament ? "  This did not happen overnight , " said Miguel Soto-Class , executive director of the Center for the New Economy , an independent think tank in Puerto Rico . For too long , the island has been dependent on a single industry at a time , Soto-Class told CNN . First it was coffee , then sugar , and most recently pharmaceutical production plants . Under the terms of a special tax break , U.S. companies were exempt from paying federal income tax on profits earned by their Puerto Rican manufacturing subsidiaries . This brought plenty of companies and jobs to the island until Congress voted to phase out the benefits between 1996 and 2006 . When a number of foreign companies began to pull back , Puerto Rico saw that the local economy had not absorbed many benefits from the foreign plants , Soto-Class said . For instance , local restaurants did n't sprout near the plants because food was usually done in-house . Likewise , the foreign companies used their own accountants , leaving local CPAs few opportunities to grow . "  That was n't the cause , but it laid bare that we had n't had an economic development model in a long time , " Soto-Class said . On the fiscal front , most the attention has focused on the large public workforce . With a workforce of some 200,000 , Puerto Rico , with a population of about 4 million , has more public employees than any state in the union , with the exception of California and New York , McClintock said . For comparison , California has about one state employee for every 103 residents , while Puerto Rico has one public worker for every 20 residents . The public payroll had become bloated , he said . Edwin Melendez , director of the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College , said that a large public workforce is not a bad thing , as long as it adds and keeps up to the territory 's growth . But even when Puerto Rico 's economy started declining , the public sector continued to swell . The territory 's political parties had become dependent on government employment as a political tool , in effect creating a patronage system , Melendez said . "  We are where we are because the patronage system is bankrupt , " he said . For Fortuno , a member of Puerto Rico 's pro-statehood New Progressive Party and also member of the Republican Party , the challenges required immediate action . "  You can bring it down to a four word phrase : ` No pain , no gain , ' " McClintock said . The government has already spent more than $ 1 billion in stimulus funds that have created some 10,000 private sector jobs , he said . "  That 's why we are stimulating the private sector to grow , so that it can pick up the slack that the government can no longer afford to employ on its own , " McClintock said . Thousands of protesters who participated in a strike last week dispute that firing this many workers during a recession will help the territory . "  This worsens the situation by increasing unemployment , " Roberto Pagan , president of the Puerto Rico Worker 's Union , told CNN . "  We want the government to take alternative measures . " The government 's bet is that the negative impact of the laid off workers will be offset with positive effects of the stimulus funds , Soto-Class said . It 's a risky bet , he said , adding that the Fortuno administration grasps the economics of the situation very well . Looking to the future , McClintock said the government expects to balance the budget in two years . Soto-Class said that recovery will also mean looking at diversifying the economic activity . Tourism and agriculture , for example , could become larger factors in the economy , he said . Pagan , the union leader , said he supports levying higher corporate taxes to increase revenue . The government , however , said it plans to continue to use tax incentives to lure companies to the island . Puerto Rico is "  still the pharmaceutical capital of the world , but we have to try to manufacture even more Tylenol to resolve our economic headaches , " McClintock said . "  We have to manufacture even more Viagra than we already manufacture so our economic statistics will rise . "	Puerto Rico announced last month thousands of government layoffs Already more than 7,800 public employees were fired in March Puerto Rico , population 4 million , has 200,000 public employees California has 1 state employee for every 103 residents , Puerto Rico , 1 for every 20
CNN  -- Three times , Adrian Pracon prepared to die on Utoya island , a Norwegian paradise turned to hell Friday . Friends he laughed with earlier in the day fell one by one in a gunman 's hail of fire . He survived to tell a horrifying tale Saturday . When the shooting started Friday afternoon , many of the 600 people at the ruling Labour Party 's youth camp ran down a hill and to the water . The shooter came after them , screaming . "  You are all going to die ! " Pracon was one of the last ones remaining between the shooter and the water and did n't have time to take his heavy clothes or boots off . About 100 meters into the chilly water , he realized he would not make it . He would drown with all that weight . "  I felt I could n't breathe . I already swallowed too much water , " he said . "  I felt the clothes pulling me down . " He managed to swim back to shore and crouched behind a boulder with others . But the gunman found him . He was so close that Pracon could see down the barrel of his weapon . He was sure to get a direct hit . Pracon thought he was going to die . Another survivor , Otzar Fagerheim , described the gunman as having blond hair and pale skin . He carried three guns , he said . At times , he shot those guns with disarming calm , like he was shooting photographs . He even smiled , Fagerheim said . Pracon was surprised to hear the shooter speaking Norwegian . He was certain a compatriot could never commit such a heinous act . Pracon spoke back . "  Do you want to hurt a fellow Norwegian ? Please , no . Do n't shoot . " Miraculously , the gunman pointed his weapon away . Instead , he aimed for those who were desperately trying to swim to safety . As though Pracon was too easy a target . As though it was more satisfying to shoot at a group of fleeing people , Pracon thought . He heard his friends begging for help . Some fell limp on Pracon . The gunman went away but returned to find Pracon again , hiding with about 10 others . The madness started again . More rounds of gunfire . He could hear so many of them say : "  Please do n't shoot me . " One by one , their voices were silenced . A woman next to him was shot in the leg . Pracon could see her wound was gaping . Pracon clung to the dead . Tried to play dead . It was the only way he knew to survive . He heard footsteps getting closer . He could hear the heavy breathing of the man . Then , "  boom ! " Pracon 's world fell silent . His hearing was gone . But he could feel intense pain on the back of his left shoulder . He bore it , lay face down , and kept perfectly still . "  I am sure he intended to hit me in the head , " Pracon said . The gunman missed by inches . ' I had to get out of there ' That afternoon , before the carnage , Stine Renate Haheim spoke to her party 's youth about violence against women and children . It 's a big issue for the young member of parliament , who began her political career a decade ago in the youth movement . She came to idyllic Utoya island often for such gatherings -- 11 times , to be exact . It was "  the most beautiful adventure of the summer , " she said . She drew inspiration from Utoya . It was an important place for people from all over Norway to gather to discuss the future of their own nation as well as the problems plaguing other parts of the world . It was a place to get away from the daily grind , the day-to-day debates in parliament , and think big . And most of all , Haheim said , Utoya was a place of fraternity , of peace . "  We love it there , " she said . Everything changed Friday . It will be remembered from now on as a place where 85 people died , seemingly for no reason . Eskil Pedersen , a youth movement leader , assured everyone that they would be able to speak with counselors about the carnage they witnessed . "  We will not be threatened to silence , " he said . "  We will continue fighting for what we believe in . This is the best way to honor the memory of those we have now lost . We will go back to Utoya . " But it will be difficult . Haheim will hear the gunfire play over and over again in her head , just like she did Friday . After her speech Friday afternoon , she was informed about the explosion in downtown Oslo . Many of the youth camp attendees huddled for an informational meeting on what was happening to their colleagues in the government buildings . But when the shots rang out , the 600 people at the main building and surrounding camp scattered . Haheim quickly realized she should not be alone and followed others tumbling down the hill . Like Pracon , she hid behind boulders on the beach . When there was a lull in the shooting , she thought it was over . But then it started again . Terrifying minutes that seemed never-ending . She repositioned herself in another spot , away from the gunman 's sight . She found herself with a girl , shivering in her underwear , who had shed her clothes in a desperate but failed bid to swim away . Haheim took off her jacket to warm her companion . "  What is your name ? Where are you from ? Nice to meet you , " they said to each other . "  It was a conversation about nothing , " Haheim said . That 's how they found calm in that moment of fear . Haheim called her father , a police officer , on her mobile phone . "  The police are on their way , " he reassured her . She imagined that all the police and ambulances in the area had rushed to Oslo after the bombings . So her father 's words gave her relief . Maybe the madness would end soon . Shortly thereafter , she could hear helicopters overhead , and vehicles with sirens in the distance . She was one of the older people at the gathering . She felt a sense of obligation to calm the younger people around her . Some were still in their teens . "  You find some kind of way to get freakishly calm in that situation , " she said . Finally , she heard someone say : "  The police are here . We are safe . " She hugged the man next to her . But within moments , the shooting began again . They had all been deceived -- the gunman was wearing a police uniform . "  Run , run , run ! " Haheim shouted . The rocks were slippery . She stumbled , fell , picked herself up . She had to keep running . "  The only thing on my mind was that I had to get out of there , " she said . ` Bloody , bloody mess ' When real police officers finally showed up , the survivors were suspect . Were these more gunmen in uniform ? "  Everyone started screaming , crying , begging the police to throw away their weapons , " Pracon said . After about a two-hour ordeal , Pracon and Haheim were rescued -- Haheim without injury and Pracon with a gunshot wound that was closed up at the hospital . Police arrested a man the Norwegian media identified as Anders Behring Breivik , 32 , a Norwegian who apparently had taken issue with his homeland 's growing multi-culturalism . It was only many hours later , in his hospital bed , that Pracon began realizing the magnitude of the "  bloody , bloody mess . " Recuperating after stitches Saturday , Pracon said fear was setting in anew . Now he would begin to discover the names of the dead . They were friends who would never again share a laugh with him . Police and rescue teams were still combing Utoya island -- 13 boats on the water and a meter-by-meter land search , said Sven Mollekleiv , president of Norwegian Red Cross . "  We have now also mothers and fathers who do n't know if their sons or daughters are alive , " Mollekleiv said . "  They are just waiting . " Doctors cleared Pracon for solid food Saturday afternoon and he sought comfort in a plate of lasagna . "  It was a perfect dinner for me right now , " he said . A moment of joy , perhaps . But for Pracon , Haheim and other survivors of the slaughter , a long journey of healing lies ahead .	Adrian Pracon survived to tell a grim tale He was shot in the shoulder but stayed still so the gunman would think him dead Many others on Utoya island were not so lucky A member of parliament recalls how victims were fooled by the shooter 's police uniform
Rolling Stone  -- The following is an excerpt of an article from the November 11 , 2010 issue of "  Rolling Stone . " This issue is available Friday , October 29th on newsstands and online via Rolling Stone 's premium subscription plan . In July , shortly after his Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour wrapped up , Conan O'Brien began visiting the set of his new talk show , at Warner Bros. . Studios in Burbank , California . For various reasons , the show had not been staffed yet , nor had the set been built , so on those days , O'Brien would occasionally pause en route to his office and stand alone in a giant , empty warehouse . As career metaphors go , one could do worse : At least the warehouse was n't on fire , or dripping blood from the ceiling , or filled , floor to rafters , with an existentially crushing number of identical wooden crates , like the warehouse at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark. . Video : Behind the scenes at Conan 's death-defying RS cover shoot O'Brien had lost his dream job as host of "  The Tonight Show " in January , at a speed  seven months !  almost as humiliating as the circumstances of his departure  ousted for Jay Leno , which is the comedy-world equivalent of being left at the altar for a cast member of "  Jersey Shore "  . "  My wife says those first couple of months , the thing I said most often was , ` Wait a minute , what just happened ? ' " O'Brien recalls . ` Conan ' premieres November 8 on TBS "  Those weeks after the tour , where not much was going on , Conan was miserable , " confirms his wife , Liza Powel , a blunt and dryly funny former advertising executive with whom O'Brien has two children . "  That was when he was the most depressed . " Powel says she had "  all sorts of grand designs " about keeping her idled spouse busy : He would be responsible for camp drop-offs , he would cook dinner at least one night a week . None of which ended up happening . O'Brien did go for long bicycle rides , and read lots of history books . At a parents ' night at their son Beckett 's preschool , there was a stack of volunteer sign-up sheets , and O'Brien , who still had too much time on his hands , became overly ambitious and started signing up for everything : "  Oh , I 'd love to come talk to the kids about natural history ! " Listen to two tracks from Conan O'Brien 's live album recorded with Jack White "  He was in the house all the time , " Powel recalls . "  I said , ` This ca n't last -- it 'll drive us crazy ! ' Literally every 10 minutes , he 'd poke his head in the room and say , ' I do n't wan na bother you , but do you know where the Band-Aids are ? ' ' I do n't wan na bother you , but do you know how to use the phone ? ' He was so sweet about it , and I felt like such a jerk . But seriously , I almost rented an office for him . " The morning after O'Brien 's final - "  Tonight Show " -- his second-highest - rated episode ever , quadrupling his average nightly viewership -- he and Powel drove up to a resort in Montecito . "  I felt like I 'd just been in a car accident , " O'Brien says . "  Like a crazy mix of elation , anger , sorrow . Confusion was a big one . " That night , when they entered the dining room and the other guests stood up and applauded , O'Brien says , "  It almost made me cry . " Photos : From "  Seinfeld " to "  Mad Men , " see TV stars on the cover of "  Rolling Stone " An overachieving golden boy since high school  where he was class valedictorian  , on through college  Harvard , where he was twice voted president of "  The Harvard Lampoon , " something that had only happened once before in the history of the venerable humor magazine  and his early career  staff gigs at "  Saturday Night Live " and "  The Simpsons " , the twin Holy Grails of the comedy world for the aspiring writer  , O'Brien had been plucked from obscurity to host a major-network talk show -- at a time when people still watched network television -- when he was a preposterously young-looking 30 years old . Losing "  The Tonight Show " was the first time he had ever failed so publicly , and in such epic fashion . His longtime sidekick , Andy Richter , has said , "  It was traumatic for Conan . " "  I hated to see him in such a state of tension and unhappiness , " Powel says . "  It was very painful for him to let go of this hallowed ground that he 'd finally got a chance to stand on . " But , she goes on , "  There were so many factors at work , such a confluence of change that had to do with so much more than him . The truth is , "  The Tonight Show " was the definition of cultural relevancy for decades . And all of a sudden , it 's not . That 's not Conan 's fault . It 's not anybody 's fault . It just happened . And it 's no longer a show he should be pinning his life 's hopes on hosting . " What does Conan have that you do n't ? Read O'Brien 's 1996 "  Rolling Stone " cover story Indeed , the spontaneous pro-Conan Internet campaign generated by fans in January -- complete with Shepard Fairey-style iconography and its very own slogan , "  I 'm With Coco " -- was driven largely by young people for whom the venerable institution of "  The Tonight Show " meant little or nothing . For some , the show might have even made O'Brien less cool by association . The "  Tonight Show " had been unhip for a very , very long time , not just for the past 17 years it has been hosted by Jay Leno , but for  let 's be honest  pretty much all of the Eighties -- really , the last time it was hip , Johnny Carson and his guests were still chain-smoking on the air -- and so watching O'Brien move behind the desk of desks felt less like an ascension and more like a loss , a co-opting of our guy . Consequently , when O'Brien was undone by NBC 's fecklessness and Leno 's treachery , it only affirmed what we knew all along : He 'd thrown his lot in with the wrong crowd . Overnight , O'Brien not only regained the underdog status he 'd held for much of his career , but actually found himself in a wholly new position : rebranded as an indie icon . In the months that followed , he grew a beard , played Bonnaroo and cut an improvised spoken-word single and a rock covers album for Jack White 's label .  "  Conan 's was the only late-night show I ever wanted to play , " White says . "  Letterman is so cold to people , and Leno is for senior citizens . I played a live guitar solo on Conan 's desk once . If I did that on Letterman , he 'd probably have had a coronary . "  When O'Brien announced his 30-city comedy tour via Twitter , without any traditional promotion whatsoever , it sold out in hours . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	O'Brien had lost his dream job as host of "  The Tonight Show " in January to Jay Leno At Harvard , he was twice voted president of "  The Harvard Lampoon " "  Conan 's was the only late-night show I ever wanted to play , " Jack White says
CNN  -- Nearly every day , Terri Shaver comes face to face with cancer and ca n't help but think about her life and how short it could be . For more than four years , the 56-year-old photographer from Laingsburg , Michigan , has taken free portraits of people with terminal and life-threatening illnesses as part of the Oldham Project , the nonprofit she founded in 2008 after her husband 's two sisters-in-law died from breast cancer . Although the Oldham Project , named for the two sisters , provided photos for families and children , Shaver started Be Bold , Feel Beautiful , a campaign specifically aimed at women with cancer , in summer 2010 . "  I 'll never be the same , " she said . "  These women are already dealing with the choices of the things they want to accomplish or need to accomplish before their time here is over . They really see the things that are important . " The campaign began as a way to provide the women who lost their hair from cancer treatments photos in which they felt beautiful . Although she had already been taking photos of people with cancer , Shaver wanted to raise awareness , and from her extended family , knew what a powerful effect going bald had on women in particular . "  When they lose their hair , 99.9 % of these women have said that they lose themselves , " she said . "  They lose their identity . " Shaver remembers one woman telling her that when her eyelashes and eyebrows fell out , she looked in the mirror and saw an alien . But when the women see their photos -- some somber and some lighthearted , posing with something significant to them -- they regain their self-image . Shaver said some have even told her that they stopped wearing their wigs after the session . Since the campaign started in July 2010 , Shaver has photographed about 100 women -- ages 20 to 82 -- who have had cancer , as well as partnering with a local spa to pamper them and try to make them feel gorgeous for a day . Although it began as a campaign planned to run until October , which is Breast Cancer Awareness Month , Shaver said the feedback from the women was overwhelming and she extended the campaign to be a permanent fixture of the Oldham Project . "  Your will has a lot to do with progress that you make when you 're sick , " Shaver said . "  I firmly believe that if I can make women feel better about themselves , while they 're undergoing this treatment and have no hair , their treatment will be much more successful . " Before starting a session , Shaver turns up the music in her studio and strives for an optimistic perspective , determined to make the day an uplifting experience for the woman , even though she knows this particular visit is likely a trip woven into a schedule of radiation treatments and countless doctor visits . "  You ca n't help putting yourself in these women 's shoes as I talk to each and every one of them , thinking , ` What if that was me ? ' " Shaver said . "  How would I react ? How would I deal with that ? Many times , I do n't even have words . " If she did n't consciously take a more analytical approach to each woman 's cancer , Shaver said , the project would be awful . It does n't mean the emotions are absent , but Shaver , who used to be a nurse , knows she ca n't take on every burden she witnesses . Toward the end of last fall when Be Bold , Feel Beautiful was in full swing , Shaver was scheduling sessions with up to 10 women a week and began to become physically and emotionally drained . "  I was sleeping three hours a night because I was thinking about the person I photographed yesterday or the woman I was going to , " she said . "  When you hear these people 's stories , you spend a couple hours with them -- photographing them , interviewing them -- you become part of their lives . " She stepped back from updating the campaign 's blog -- which was as often as she had a session -- and to her husband 's relief , scheduled the portraits at a slower pace to give herself time . Shaver said the only thing more difficult than a session is hearing the news that one of her photo subjects has died . The first was Denise Acker , 55 , who died in August 2010 after fighting lung cancer , and was also the very first person to be photographed with Be Bold , Feel Beautiful . Shaver said five women have died since she began and it is devastating every time . Dealing with the grief and looking mortality in the face has made Shaver live differently . She said she does n't stress out about as many things because she has realized they simply do n't matter . What gets her out of bed in the morning when she knows that the day 's session will be tough is imagining that she has the ability to watch a woman overcome her insecurities and find peace in how she looks . "  It does n't matter how bad my day is , I 'll bet you their day is worse , " Shaver said . "  And I 'm going to do all I can to make them look as good as I possibly can . " A little more than a year later , Shaver knows it sounds like an extraordinary statement , but she believes the ongoing campaign has the potential to save lives . "  If other women who are just newly diagnosed or have n't even been diagnosed yet see women like this who are strong , powerful , bold and feel good about themselves , they , too , will know that I can do this , " she said . "  They wo n't panic when they find a lump , they wo n't just stick their heads in the sand and hope it 'll go away . "	Terri Shaver takes free portraits of people with terminal and life-threatening illnesses Be Bold , Feel Beautiful campaign aimed at women with cancer Sessions began to become physically and emotionally draining for Shaver
Editor 's note : Leslie Sanchez , a Republican who was director of the White House Initiative on Hispanic Education from 2001 to 2003 , is the author of a forthcoming book , "  You 've Come a Long Way , Maybe : Sarah , Michelle , Hillary and the Shaping of the New American Woman . " Sanchez is CEO of the Impacto Group , which specializes in market research about women and Hispanics . Leslie Sanchez says Michelle Obama 's fashion choices have helped create a positive image for the first lady . CNN  -- In just 200 days , Michelle Obama has put her own stamp on one of America 's most unusual political positions -- the unelected , undefined job of being first lady . And the way she 's done it ? It 's largely through the fashion choices she 's made . Each of her predecessors has brought a unique perspective and personality to the east wing of the White House , helping to shape how the nation views the president and how the world views the nation . The use of fashion and image as a political strategy is an underrated factor . While Washington 's political cognoscenti debate the successes and failures of the young Obama presidency , one half of Washington 's newest power couple fine tunes fashion as a political strategy -- and it 's working for her . See photos of Michelle Obama 's fashion " The fashion authorities who are gathered this week in New York for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week , more than seven months into the Obama presidency , are watching Michelle Obama 's redefinition of the role of first lady with professional and personal interest . The contemporary standard for the job was set decades ago by Jacqueline Kennedy , who had both a high sense of fashion and the style to pull it off . Carl Sferrazza Anthony , the historian at the National First Ladies ' Library , points out that Mrs. Kennedy wanted to be well-dressed , liked European style and had American designers copy it . She even went as far as to personally design her own outfits on three important state occasions , including her famous White House dinner for Nobel laureates , while letting other designers take the credit . The comparisons between Mrs. Kennedy and Mrs. Obama are as apt as the comparisons between their husbands . Michelle Obama comes across as feminine yet strong , professional and , unlike Mrs. Kennedy , approachable . She 's a thoughtful presence on the national stage , but it 's a very different kind of style from what we associate with Jackie Kennedy , who displayed a style of wealth , youth and glamor to an adoring middle class . Mrs. Obama , on the other hand , is portrayed as a take-charge woman who is sensitive to today 's economic realities . Not stylish in her own right , she blends advice from her noted advisers to appear independent and progressive , yet "  in touch . " But while Jackie was high fashion , Michelle Obama is trendy but traditional . And that approachability extends to her personal style as well , her advisors having absorbed the lesson that the first lady 's style is all too easily linked to her husband 's presidency . Ronald Reagan 's opponents used his wife Nancy 's interest in fashion and her intent to look like the wife of a president , rather than mimic the school-marmish attire of her predecessor , as a gateway through which to attack the president . Mrs. Reagan 's wardrobe choices , especially her designer Adolfo dresses , were used to make her husband seem insensitive to the poor and hungry . Mrs. Obama has avoided making the same mistake during the worst economic times in recent memory . She seems to have made a calculated decision to avoid that trap by focusing on emerging designers , like Jason Wu for her inaugural gown or choosing to wear trendy , off-the-rack clothes like the J. Crew gloves , sweater and skirt she chose for her husband 's inauguration . And whatever the style mavens have to say about that , it produces political benefits . J. Crew 's shares jumped 10 percent within 24 hours after the nation saw her in its clothing , which prompted NBC 's Conan O'Brien to suggest the president consider wearing a Buick . As Women 's Wear Daily media reporter Stephanie Smith says , this child of Chicago 's South Side has become "  the biggest celebrity in the world . " Forbes lists her among the "  Most Powerful Women , " and there 's no doubt she 's expanding the boundaries of perceptions surrounding the role of a "  traditional " first lady , balancing her visits to homeless shelters and military bases with taking part in her children 's soccer games . As The New York Times reported , Mrs. Obama "  pointedly controlled her look on the covers of People , Essence , More and O , Oprah Winfrey 's magazine . Editors at Essence , who suggested colors , styles and accessories , said her staff did not call to acknowledge their overtures . ... Lesley Jane Seymour , the editor-in-chief of More ... said Mrs. Obama refused to wear anything other than her own clothes for their October cover . ` She wanted none of that . She was creating the cover . She was creating the image . There 's definitely a will of steel there . ' " According to Anthony , the general public 's fascination with Michelle Obama spills over and helps the administration . To him , everything the media and the public criticize or praise is visual . "  It 's not anything she 's saying or doing . That 's perhaps somewhat tactical . If she 's unpopular based on her clothes choices , the White House can say it 's really not of importance . " IMG executive Fern Mallis , the creative inspiration behind New York 's Fashion Week , says "  most first ladies have always been on a pedestal of expensive , elegant clothing , of couture evening gowns . It 's something that people ca n't really relate to . " This was especially true during the Kennedy years . Even if most American women wanted Jackie 's dresses , Anthony points out , they could not buy them . These clothes were not only too expensive -- they were n't even available at the high-end stores . They were one of a kind . Mrs. Obama , because she has made fashion "  more democratic , " says style expert Robert Verdi , has made her own impact on a world full of elites and -- let 's face it -- snobs . Mrs. Kennedy , he says , "  was very contemporary and up-to-the-moment in fashion . But fashion at that time as not democratic . There was no Zara , no J. Crew , no Banana Republic . It was not accessible ; it was exclusively aspirational . " On balance , though , Michelle Obama has shown a feminine but bold approach to her style by rattling the image of what a "  Washington " first lady must look like . For other professional women and moms , the impact may not be purely imitation , as was the case with Jackie Kennedy , but rather the timely embracing of a new image of a modern , professional woman . Whatever it is , it 's clearly by design . The push-pull of knowing fashion and appropriately wearing fashion may take Mrs. Obama longer to manage . Though a risk-taker and eager to highlight the equivalent of "  mom and pop " designers , she , like many women , is still safely wearing styles others create rather than something new we could aspire to . Still -- whatever the implications for fashion -- on a political level , the first lady 's approach is working . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leslie Sanchez .	Leslie Sanchez : Fashion choices are important strategy for a First Lady She says Michelle Obama has wisely chosen image of a modern professional She says other First Ladies have communicated an elite and expensive image Sanchez : Michelle Obama 's style fits the times Americans live in
CNN  -- President Obama should end the legal seminar on the rights of terrorists . He should instruct the lawyers at the State and Justice departments and Pentagon that the debate is over . The time has come for all to accept that terrorists can not be treated as criminals . The main reason is that security requires preventing attacks rather than prosecuting the perpetrators after an attack . This is particularly evident when we concern ourselves with terrorists who may acquire weapons of mass destruction . It also holds for terrorists who are willing to commit suicide attacks : They can not be tried , and they pay no mind to what might be done to them after their assault . Finally , even terrorists not bent on committing suicide attacks are often "  true believers " who are prepared to proceed despite whatever punishments the legal system may throw at them . In contrast to prevention , law enforcement often springs into action after a criminal has acted : when a body is found , a bank has been robbed or a child has been kidnapped . By and large , the criminal law approach is retrospective rather than prospective . Law enforcement assumes that punishment serves to deter future crimes -- not to eliminate them , but to keep them at a socially acceptable level . This will not do for the likes of Osama bin Laden . Nor should terrorists be treated as soldiers , a dignified profession and calling . Soldiers wear uniforms that allow one to tell foes from civilians and thus prevent harming the latter when fighting the former . And the insignias that mark soldiers make it clear which governments they serve , governments that can be held accountable for their conduct -- obligations terrorists refuse to discharge . They can not have it both ways : flout the rules of war and seek the benefits of these rules as prisoners of war . Obama surely has the legal training to realize that our minds are big enough to cope with more than two categories , that terrorists are neither fish nor fowl , neither criminals nor soldiers , but a distinct species . As such , terrorists are not without any rights . They should not be killed if they can be captured without undue risk ; they should not be tortured ; and their detention should be subject to , say , annual review by an institutional board -- composed of people who have security clearance , not necessarily military officers . Such a board should follow simplified procedures , as parole boards do in prisons , rather than those of civilian courts or military commissions . Click here for more on this subject from Etzioni Terrorists should not be entitled to face their accusers , or else we would divulge the sources and methods of our information-gathering about their nefarious acts . And they should not be released until we have strong reasons to hold that they are no longer a danger to us , our allies or anyone else . The Obama administration 's position is so multifaceted that even someone who follows it closely and has considerable training can not make out what line it is following . Some terrorists are to be tried in civilian courts -- as long as they are not in New York , or maybe only if the civilian courts are located on a military base . Or terrorists may be kept at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , or shipped to countries that do not abide by our rules or maybe only to those that do . No one can build public support and legitimacy for such a cacophony of positions and voices . It is time to settle the matter and tell the government lawyers to move on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : President Obama should set one clear position on treatment of terrorists Etzioni : Terrorists ca n't be treated as criminals ; prevention , not prosecution , needed They are n't soldiers , he says , since uniforms set troops apart from civilians , show nationality Terrorists deserve rights but are n't entitled to face their accusers , Etzioni says
CNN  -- It 's not enough to be a fantastic speller anymore . A student who wants to win the National Spelling Bee must now be a whiz at vocabulary . The Scripps National Spelling Bee will add the evaluation of vocabulary to the competition 's early rounds , according to a release from the bee . "  It represents a deepening of the bee 's commitment to its purpose : to help students improve their spelling , increase their vocabularies , learn concepts and develop correct English usage that will help them all their lives , " said Paige Kimble , the director of the bee . "  Spelling and vocabulary are , in essence , two sides of the same coin , " she said . "  As a child studies the spelling of a word and its etymology , he will discover its meaning . As a child learns the meaning of a word , it becomes easier to spell . And all of this enhances the child 's knowledge of the English language . " Since 2002 , a written or computer spelling test has been a component of the bee that , with onstage spelling , helped determine which spellers advanced to the semifinals . This year , a speller 's qualification for the semifinals and championship finals will be based on a cumulative score that includes onstage spelling , computer-based spelling questions and computer-based vocabulary questions , the release said . Vocabulary evaluation will count for 50 % of a speller 's overall score , and the score determines which competitor goes on to the semifinals and the championship finals , the bee said . The bee will take place May 28-30 at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center in Oxon Hill , Maryland . ESPN will broadcast the competition . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Scripps National Spelling Bee adds evaluation of vocabulary to competition Bee 's director : Spelling and vocabulary are "  two sides of the same coin " Bee : Vocabulary evaluation will count for 50 % of a speller 's overall score
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Missouri to learn about the effects of cutbacks on an already struggling economy . St. Louis , Missouri , is having to cut back on bus routes . This could devastate some of the area 's most vulnerable . BALLWIN , Missouri  CNN  -- For Stuart and Dianne Falk , it is a two-bus , 45-minute trip into downtown St. Louis to head to the gym and to volunteer at a theater group . And it is a lifeline that ends Friday . "  To be saddled , to be imprisoned , that is what it is going to feel like , " says Stuart Falk . "  It is going to feel like being punished for something we did n't do . " Stuart and Dianne Falk are both in wheelchairs . And the bus route that takes them downtown , and to one of the few tastes of personal freedom they have , is being eliminated because of a funding crunch . In all , two dozen bus routes are being eliminated outright effective March 30 . Numerous other routes have been shortened or otherwise modified , including less frequent runs . Light rail service schedules also have been scaled back as part of an effort to close a $ 51 million funding shortfall . Watch the Falks ride bus that is about to be eliminated " The reasons for the funding crunch have little to do with President Obama , or the federal government at all for that matter . But there are several connections to the big national political debates of the past several months , stretching back to last fall . It was then that St. Louis County voters were asked to vote in favor of a small tax increase to add funding for bus routes and other mass transit operations in the bedroom communities surrounding the city of St. Louis . Backers were optimistic , but then saw the mood change as the struggles on Wall Street mounted , and dropping 401  k  balances made voters more stingy . It did n't help , these backers contend , that anger at the first installment of the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout also was festering on Election Day . Now , St. Louis County Executive Charlie Dooley worries the cutbacks will have an adverse effect on an already struggling area economy . "  The worse case scenario to me is this , if we don  t get people to goods and services , that means businesses will close their doors , that means more jobs are lost , " Dooley told us in an interview on a light rail platform in Clayton just outside the city . Dooley also said mass transit cutbacks make it harder to attract new businesses . "  We 're talking about economic development and entrepreneurship : Who is going to come to St. Louis if you can  t get people back and forth to work ? " Dooley said . Efforts to get the state to help close the budget gap have failed . And while many of those affected see it is a perfect use of the federal stimulus funds the president says are meant to create and save jobs , such spending is not allowed . Stimulus money can be used for new mass transit capital projects , such as building new stations or buying new buses . But the money can not be used for operational costs , meaning it can not be used to keep existing routes open . "  No , I don  t think that is right . Of course , that is not right , " is Dooley 's view . "  I mean at the end of the day , it 's about creating jobs and opportunity . ... Could the stimulus bill be of a great help to us ? No question about it . " Without any cash infusion , Metro says it has no choice but to cut back from 9,125 bus stops to 6,801 , significantly cutting back its reach into the outer ring of St. Louis County . Riding the buses this week offered a glimpse at the impact . At one stop Wednesday , a handful of developmentally disabled passengers boarded outside a local facility where they work . One told CNN she optimistic "  something will get done about it " but said she is n't sure how she is supposed to get around after Friday . Kimberly Barge is a staff attorney at Paraquad , the gym where the Falks and other local disabled residents attend classes . "  People are frustrated , angry -- almost to the point of hopeless in some cases because there are n't many other alternatives for the disability community as far as transportation goes , " Barge told CNN . Jean McPherson boarded the bus with her infant daughter . The 20-year-old is going back to school to get her high school diploma and though short on cash , she says she is now forced to explore buying a used car . "  I might end up losing my job or not being able to take my daughter to day care , " is how she sees the consequence of her bus route being shortened so that it no longer stretches out to her community . "  You ca n't afford a car ; that is why you use public transportation . So a lot of people are going to be in a bad situation . " And the impact goes beyond Metro riders . Some 200 drivers also are slated to lose their jobs Shaking her head , Dianne Falk offers this analysis : "  That does n't seem like what  President  Obama wants . "	For some St. Louis area residents , loss of bus service would be devastating Paticularly hurt would be physcially handicapped and the working poor Stimulus money can be used to build projects but not operational costs Says disabled woman : "  That does n't seem like what  President  Obama wants "
CNN  -- A Greek owned vessel that was hijacked months ago was released Sunday , naval officials said . There was no word of whether a ransom was paid to the pirates who hijacked the vessel . The Greek-owned vessel , named the Navios Apollo , was hijacked by Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden on December 28 , the European Union Naval Force Somalia reported . The vessel was carrying 19 crew members . The ship and all the crew members were freed Sunday and they were sailing to Oman , the naval force said .	Navios Apollo hijacked in Gulf of Aden on December 28 The vessel was carrying 19 crew members Crew members were freed Sunday and are sailing to Oman
Washington  CNN  -- Leaders around the world Tuesday mourned the death of the diplomat who spearheaded the end of the Bosnian war on the 15th anniversary of the peace deal he helped design . Richard C. Holbrooke , 69 , died Monday after doctors performed surgery to repair a tear in his aorta . He most recently served as the Obama administration 's point man in the volatile Afghan-Pakistani war zone . "  You 've got to stop this war in Afghanistan , " he told a Pakistani surgeon at George Washington University Hospital as he was being sedated for surgery , according to a senior administration official . That was one of his final comments , the official said . Holbrooke was perhaps best known for his role as the chief architect of the Dayton Peace Accords -- signed December 14 , 1995 -- which ended the deadly ethnic conflict that erupted during the breakup of Yugoslavia . "  I had the honor and privilege of working with Richard through many international crises over several decades , most particularly the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo , " former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said . "  He could always be counted on for his imagination , dedication and forcefulness . " After President Barack Obama took office in 2008 , Holbrooke took one of the toughest diplomatic assignments -- U.S. special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , the region Obama regards as critical to the fight against terrorism . Holbrooke 's assertive style worked in the Balkans , but it brought perils for diplomats in Afghanistan and Pakistan , where long stretches of chatting and tea-drinking are the norm . He was frank in his assessments about the region and officials in both countries regarded him as abrasive , including Afghan President Hamid Karzai . In April 2009 , there were reports of a heated argument between Holbrooke and Karzai after charges of fraud surfaced in the Afghan presidential election . Karzai 's office issued a brief statement Tuesday , describing Holbrooke as "  a veteran and seasoned diplomat who had served greatly to the government and the people of the United States . " "  Achieving peace and stabilization of a country with complex realities on the ground , as well as in the region , is not an overnight task , but there was no doubt that he was pursuing his mission not only objectively , professionally and patriotically as an American , but at the same time as a friend of Afghanistan , " said Dr. Abdullah Abdullah , Afghanistan 's former foreign minister . "  That was what we admired most . " In an interview with CNN , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari called Holbrooke an "  extremely hard-working man " who can "  get things done which would otherwise take weeks to get through . " One of the world 's most recognizable diplomats , Holbrooke 's career spanned from the Vietnam War era to the war against the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan , coinciding with presidencies of the past five decades , from John F. Kennedy to Barack Obama . He also worked as a journalist and an investment banker . But as a diplomat , he was plain-speaking , accessible , and known for his tough-mindedness . Obama called Holbrooke "  a true giant of American foreign policy who has made America stronger , safer , and more respected . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the nation had lost "  one of its fiercest champions and most dedicated public servants . " "  He was the consummate diplomat , able to stare down dictators and stand up for America 's interests and values even under the most difficult circumstances , " Clinton 's statement said . "  Few people have ever left a larger mark on the State Department or our country . " A statement appearing on numerous radical Islamist websites used Holbrooke 's death to condemn the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan . "  People can not turn a blind eye to the presence of  U.S. and allied  troops and can not be fooled by  Gen. David  Petraeus , Holbrooke and others who should know that their fate is a scandal , madness , fainting , or worse than that , " the statement read . Shortly after taking office , Obama appointed Holbrooke to the special representative job and Holbrooke dove in headfirst to tackle the challenges . In an October interview with CNN , Holbrooke cautioned patience in the struggle against the militants and for democracy in the so-called AfPak region , a mission that he said was of the "  most vital importance to our national security interests . " "  We are determined to see it through , " he said , and he made reference to the Vietnam War and the Dayton Accords in his insights . He noted that dealing with so many foes on both sides of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border made the process difficult . "  A peace deal requires agreements , and you do n't make agreements with your friends , you make agreements with your enemies , " he said . Holbrooke mentioned a range of militant groups , such as the Afghan Taliban , the Pakistani Taliban , the Haqqani Network , and Lashkar-e Tayyiba , and noted that "  an expert could add another 30 . " "  There 's no Ho Chi Minh . There 's no Slobodan Milosevic . There 's no Palestinian Authority . There is a widely dispersed group of -- of people that we roughly call the enemy . There 's al Qaeda , with which there 's no possibility of any discussion at all . " "  There is no clear single address that you go to , " Holbrooke said . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Nic Robertson , Joe Sterling and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	President Obama calls Holbrooke a true giant of U.S. foreign policy Albright praises his "  imagination , dedication and forcefulness " Holbrooke was known as the "  chief architect " of the accords that ended the war in the Balkans The diplomat ruffled feathers in a career that ranged from Vietnam to Afghanistan
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Agitated Egyptians carried the wounded -- bleeding and in shock -- to a makeshift clinic on the doorstep of a mosque . A young man 's face turned green as a doctor in a blood-stained lab coat pulled up his shirt and began swabbing the puncture wounds in his stomach . "  Rubber bullet , " one bystander explained . The man was among thousands of demonstrators who converged Saturday on Egypt 's Interior Ministry , one of the most visible signs of state authority in Egypt . They pressed against police lines despite shotgun pellets and tear gas in a chaotic scene that left people spitting up blood and stumbling down crowded streets . Chanting men carried one man 's body , wrapped in an Egyptian flag , away from the turmoil . He had been shot at the Interior Ministry , a weeping man said . The clashes killed at least one person and left 60 others hurt in three hours Saturday afternoon , said Dr. Radab Ali , who was treating the injuries at the mosque . Another doctor at the mosque said five people had died . "  We tried to go to the Interior Ministry building , " said Emad Hamdi , a young man with a white bandage on his left cheek . "  They started shooting us . " The bloodshed around the Interior Ministry contrasted sharply with the festive scene not far away in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , where cheering crowds climbed on Egyptian military tanks and men and women lay smiling and chatting on the grass . Even though police had disappeared from much of the rest of Cairo after days of protests , they had surrounded the Interior Ministry and were firing on protesters with rubber bullets , tear gas and live rounds , according to journalist Ian Lee , who witnessed the clash . He described the situation as something of a last stand for the authorities at one of the country 's last symbols of the Mubarak regime . "  That is their headquarters , " he said . "  If that falls , then , as many protesters here would say , that would be like a checkmate . " Lee described a back-and-forth scene as a sea of protesters would surge towards the ministry building , only to have police set up on rooftops and adjacent alleys , open fire and push them back . "  It 's so loud and it 's so frequent , " Lee said of the gunshots . "  You 're hearing it continuously in the background , the thud of gunshots and of tear gas . " Still , before long , protesters would reassemble and resume their push , chanting anti-government slogans , Lee said . Despite the live fire , protesters said they will not stop until the ministry building is torched . "  This is the last stand , " said one young protester . "  The building symbolizes what many Egyptians see as the abuse , torture and corruption that were rampant in the police force . " The violence took its toll . One man spat up blood as others dragged him away with an apparent gunshot wound to the head . Another stumbled down crowded streets , also spitting blood . Ambulances could n't get through the thick crowds to evacuate the wounded . "  Egypt has been under emergency rule for the last almost 30 years now and the police have been able to do almost whatever they would like without consequence , and the people are now responding to that . " Lee said . "  This is a huge symbol for people . "	NEW : Police at Interior Ministry fire live rounds , rubber bullets and tear gas At least one person dies Ministry is important symbol of government power
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The man arrested at Sandra Bullock 's home last week allegedly owns "  an arsenal of weapons " that included a half dozen illegal machine guns . Joshua Corbett , who was charged with stalking Bullock , burglarizing her home and possessing one illegal gun , now faces much more serious charges , according to the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office . The discovery of the arsenal during a search of Corbett 's Montrose , California , home has led to 19 felony counts , including seven counts of possession of a machine gun , two counts of possession of an assault weapon and 10 counts of possession of a destructive device , the prosecutor 's spokeswoman said . DA : Stalker spent hour in Sandra Bullock 's home A judge raised Corbett 's bond from the $ 185,000 set when he pleaded not guilty last week to $ 2.2 million Wednesday . He is being held in the Los Angeles County jail . Los Angeles police arrested Corbett , 39 , at Bullock 's home in the early morning hours of June 8 after he allegedly climbed a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire that surrounded it . Investigators believe he sent more than an hour inside before he was found . Bullock was home at the time , but police have not said whether her young son also was there . Little information about Corbett has been released , although CNN confirmed through FAA records that he has a private pilot 's license . The charges carry a potential maximum of 12 years in prison , if the suspect is convicted , Deputy District Attorney Wendy Segall said .	Police found the arsenal of weapons in a search of Joshua Corbett 's home , the DA says Corbett 's bond is raised to more than $ 2 million because of new gun charges He pled not guilty to stalking Bullock and burglarizing her home Corbett allegedly spent more than an hour in Bullock 's home as she slept
CNN  -- The Obama administration has decided to release more than $ 1.6 billion in aid to Pakistan , a senior administration official said . The official told CNN foreign affairs reporter Elise Labott that the decision was made because of improved relations over the past year . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , who was elected in May , is scheduled to meet President Barack Obama at the White House on Wednesday . "  The visit will highlight the importance and resilience of the U.S.-Pakistan relationship , " a White House statement said . Tensions with Pakistan escalated after the U.S. military raid that killed Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Pakistan expelled some American military trainers , and some U.S. aid was halted that year . The discovery of bin Laden in a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , highlighted suspicions by American leaders that some Pakistani security forces may have collaborated with terrorists . Obama chose not to alert Pakistan 's authorities before the U.S. raid . Meanwhile , popular opinion in Pakistan has been inflamed by the U.S. incursion to kill bin Laden as well as U.S. drone strikes against suspected terrorists . Sharif promised in his election campaign to try to improve relations with India , a rivalry that underlies the fears of Pakistan 's security forces . He was vague about terrorism and other issues of interest to the United States , but analysts said Sharif worked well with U.S. officials as Prime Minister during the 1990s .	U.S.-Pakistan relations strained since raid that killed Osama bin Laden Obama administration began withholding some aid in 2011 Pakistanis objected to raid and U.S. drone strikes Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif set to visit White House on Wednesday
Washington  CNN  -- Justin Bieber is allowed to stay in the United States -- for now . The White House wo n't comment on a petition signed by more than 270,000 asking for the pop star to be deported for his repeated starring role in famous-people-behaving-badly . You might not care about the Canadian and his "  beliebers , " but the 20-year-old 's misbehavior and run-ins with the law raise some serious questions about immigration law enforcement . Like , is Bieber getting some serious special treatment ? President Barack Obama has deported more people than any other president , causing him to be known as the "  deporter-in-chief " in some sectors of the immigration community . But is n't Bieber here legally ? He sure is . But it 's not only illegal immigrants who are receiving deportation orders . The Immigration Policy Center estimated that 10 % of the people deported between 1997 and 2007 were legally living in the United States . While the Obama administration deported nearly 1.6 million people in the last four years , it 's unclear how many were in the country legally . The administration does n't reveal those statistics . An immigration tracking division of Syracuse University , TRAC , is currently suing the Department of Homeland Security for failing to release a wide range of data on deportations and detentions . But immigration advocates believe the number has gone up since Obama came into office , not only due to an increase in deportations , but also because of anecdotal evidence . They are seeing an increase in home raids of legal residents and there are stories like that of Navy veteran Howard Dean Bailey , who was deported in 2010 over a years-old drug offense . Yes , legal residents are getting kicked out because of a previous crime . According to a 1996 immigration law , it does n't matter how long ago people committed their crime and the types of crimes eligible for deportation are vast and expanding . For instance , shoplifting and marijuana possession often qualify . Justin Bieber has a lot of potential charges under his belt . In January he was charged with driving under the influence in Miami . He also has a pending assault charge and separate vandalism charges for egging his neighbor 's house . As with all deportations , the president has the "  inherent power to choose which cases to act on , " said Richard A. Boswell , immigration law professor at the University of California 's Hastings College of the Law . It 's called "  prosecutorial discretion . " Obama said he ca n't stop deportations of immigrants , but maybe he can But fortunately for Bieber -- and possibly the President who would upset millions of teen fans -- is that his DUI is not a deportable offense . His vandalism charge probably is n't either . His assault charge might be , experts say . Matthew Kolodziej , legislative fellow at the Immigration Policy Center , said Bieber could potentially be charged with a crime of moral turpitude , which he described as "  an abstract concept whose definition has expanded over the years . " In sum , it 's a judgment of a person 's character and intent for purposes of immigration . "  A good immigration lawyer wo n't let that happen and I 'm sure  Bieber  will be very well represented , " Kolodziej said . Bieber also has another advantage . He never got a green card . Bieber is in the country on a visa for people with "  extraordinary " abilities . His visa has to be renewed at some point , however , and moral turpitude could be taken into consideration . But , like Kolodziej said , his well-paid legal team probably wo n't let that happen . Bieber 's attorneys are reportedly working out a plea deal for some of Bieber 's crimes . If his legal team is any good , they would advise him that even a plea does n't protect him from future immigration consequences . But for many legal immigrants , they do n't have the resources to hire top immigration and criminal attorneys to help navigate the system . You get what you pay for .	White House wo n't comment on petition asking for the pop star to be deported The petition raises some serious questions about immigration law enforcement 10 % of those deported between 1997 and 2007 were legally living in the U.S.
CNN  -- Vitali and Wladimir Klitschko have confirmed that one of them will fight Poland 's Tomasz Adamek for their world heavyweight titles in September . Confirmation of whether it will be Vitali , who holds the World Boxing Council  WBC  belt , or Wladimir , the World Boxing Organization  WBO  and International Boxing Federation  IBF  champion , who will face Adamek is expected to be announced in the next few weeks . The 34-year-old Adamek , a former light-heavyweight and cruiserweight world champion , has an impressive record -- winniing 43 of his 44 fights with his only defeat coming to American Chad Dawson in 2007 . Since moving up to heavweight , Adamek has won all his five heavyweight bouts , including an impressive points win over former world title challenger Chris Arreola . However , before any fight takes place , with one of the new stadiums being built for the Euro 2012 football tournament in Poland the likely venue , a series of other bouts must happen first . Vitali Klitschko will face Cuban Odlanier Solis in Cologne , Germany on March 19 , while younger brother Wladimir takes on Briton Dereck Chisora in Mannheim , Germany on April 30 . Adamek himself is also scheduled to have a fight in April . Should both Klitchko brothers lose , the deal with Adamek would be dead . If one loses , Adamek would face the other brother . If both Klitschko brothers win , the choice of Adamek 's opponent would be decided by the Klitschko side . Speaking on the official Klitschko website , Adamek said : "  It does n't make a difference to me which Klitschko I fight . "  Right now they are both the biggest stars in the boxing world right now and I want to fight the biggest stars . I 'm grateful for the opportunity , " he added . The news will be a bitter blow to Briton David Haye , who holds the other major belt , the World Boxing Association  WBA  title . Haye had been negotiating with the Klitschko brothers over a possible unification fight , but has publicly stated that if that does not happen by October , he will retire form the sport .	Vitali or Wladimir Klitschko will fight Tomasz Adamek in Poland in September The Ukrainian brothers hold three of the four major heavyeight title belts A series of fights must take place before the showdown against Adamek The news is a blow to David Haye , who wants to unify the heavyweight titles
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Brothers Thomas and Raymond Kwok , who control Hong Kong 's biggest property development company , Sun Hung Kai , have been arrested for suspected corruption , authorities said Thursday . Also arrested for suspected corruption was a person described by Hong Kong 's Department of Justice as "  a former principal official of the government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , " a spokesman for the Independent Commission Against Corruption said . The Kwok brothers ' fortune is $ 18.3 billion , according to Forbes Magazine , which rank the brothers and their family as the 27th richest in the world . The commission 's report said "  the arrested persons are alleged to have committed offenses under the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and misconduct in public office . " The arrests come 10 days after Sun Hung Kai 's executive director , Thomas Chan , was arrested by the commission in connection with a bribery investigation . Four other people , whose backgrounds were n't disclosed by authorities , were also arrested on corruption charges . On Thursday morning , Sun Hung Kai Properties suspended trading of its shares . The company has since announced the shares will resume trading when Hong Kong 's stock exchange opens Friday morning . The firm has set up a special committee to handle all matters arising from the investigation , and the company 's board , whose six members include the two brothers , has resolved that the Kwoks will "  continue to undertake and discharge their duties to the group , including their duties as joint chairmen and managing directors of the company , " according to a company statement . CNN 's Andrew Henstock contributed from Hong Kong and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	Thomas and Raymond Kwok run Hong Kong 's biggest property development company They were arrested for suspected corruption An unidentified government official was also arrested for alleged corruption Another Sun Hung Kai executive was arrested 10 days ago in a bribery investigation
Washington  CNN  -- As they furiously typed computer code through the night in a small Capitol Hill office , little did they know they were about to change the way Americans would view what has become known as the worst offshore oil spill in U.S. history . The handful of staffers from Rep. Ed Markey 's now defunct Select Committee for Energy Independence and Global Warming had just received word from oil giant BP that they would be given a live feed of the underwater cameras monitoring the spewing oil from 8,000 feet below the Gulf of Mexico . The date was May 19 , 2010 , nearly one month to the day that the Deepwater Horizon well had exploded , killing 11 workers and causing oil to stream unabated into the Gulf . "  This was like a tornado but under the water , which people could not see , " Markey , D-Massachusetts , told CNN this week . Up to that point , BP had only released short snippets of video from the robotic cameras . Markey and other congressional Democrats had been pressuring BP to allow them to see the live pictures . Photos : Gulf oil disaster a year later As Markey 's staff worked to post the live feed on their website , they debated what to call it . Finally it was decided that "  spillcam " was the most descriptive . By 9 a.m. the next day , the video feed went up on the committee website . Within 24 hours a million people had seen it . The demand was so high , it not only crashed the committee 's website but the huge volume also temporarily crashed the House of Representative 's Web system . "  Spillcam " was a game-changer . "  Once they saw it , once they could understand the damage that it was doing to the environment and to the livelihoods of the people in the Gulf of Mexico , that 's when the spillcam became something that changed the whole course of the way in which the government and BP was responding to this disaster , " Markey says . The video eventually was viewed by many more millions around the world as CNN and other networks broadcast the images . Estimates of just how much oil was gushing into the Gulf ballooned . Initially BP and the government announced 1,000 barrels a day was leaking into the Gulf from the well . Those estimates continued to climb from 5,000 barrels a day to 12,000 to 19,000 and eventually up to 60,000 barrels a day . Spillcam allowed teams of government scientists to calculate better estimates . Gulf oil disaster still puzzles scientists But one year after the Macondo well explosion , Markey , who became the face of Congress trying to hold BP accountable , says nothing has changed . "  Congress has not passed any legislation yet to respond to the lessons which we have learned from that spill , " he says . Markey blames Republican senators and the Senate rules requiring 60 votes to pass legislation to strengthen safety rules regulating offshore drilling . But , when pressed , he concedes that some of his Democratic colleagues in the Senate joined the majority of Republicans to defeat the House bill in the last Congress . The oil industry itself and the Department of Interior have taken the lead in putting new safety and preparedness measures into place since the explosion . The much-maligned Minerals Management Service , previously under investigation for being too cozy with the oil industry it regulates , was shaken up in the wake of the spill . Now the newly named Bureau of Ocean Energy , Management , Regulation and Enforcement has split its regulatory divisions so the people who monitor safety and leasing for oil drilling are not the same division that collects royalties . The government has also implemented new , tougher standards for well design . In addition , oil companies must now certify to the government that they can respond to a spill . Some of the technology developed in trying to cap the BP spill is now part of some of those certification plans . Rig survivors ' wives , kids also victims But Markey , whose party is now in the minority in the House , lost another battle in February . That is when the Obama administration once again decided to allow deepwater drilling with the support of Republicans and some Gulf-state Democrats who argued that drilling means jobs . Markey thinks the administration might have moved too quickly . "  I am saying that they have to be very careful . It  deepwater drilling  should only be limited , it should only be out to certain depths , and it should only be with a guarantee that they can go out and to cap it as quickly as possible . " He says he still has real concerns about safety . "  The reality is that there are still inherent problems with blowout preventers , that an accident can still occur and that we have n't been able to pass all of the safety legislation necessary that would serve as a deterrent to a repetition of what happened last year . " Stories from the Gulf , one year on This month , Markey 's Republican colleagues passed three new bills out of committee that would allow oil companies to get permits faster to drill offshore , open new areas of the United States to offshore drilling and increase offshore drilling in the Gulf . With gas prices approaching $ 4 a gallon , Republicans say these bills strike a balance between safety and the demand for oil . Markey says they 're acting as if the spill never happened .	Spillcam changed the way BP , government responded to Gulf oil disaster Underwater camera allowed scientists to better understand the gusher Rep. Markey says a year later , Congress has taken no action to prevent another spill
CNN  -- A Yale lab technician charged in the strangling murder of a Yale graduate student less than a week before she was to be married plans to plead guilty , his attorney said Wednesday . Public defender Joseph Lopez said his client , Raymond Clark III , will plead guilty in New Haven , Connecticut , Superior Court on Thursday as part of a plea bargain , though he would not divulge the details of the agreement . Clark had originally pleaded not guilty in January 2010 . Clark , 26 , of Branford , Connecticut , is accused in the slaying of Annie Le , 24 , who was pursuing a doctorate in pharmacology at Yale when she went missing September 8 , 2009 . Le 's body was discovered inside a wall of a Yale lab building four days later after an extensive search by the FBI and police . She had planned to marry Columbia graduate student Jonathan Widawsky on the day her body was found . Clark was not a Yale student but had worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004 , after graduating from high school . He lived with his girlfriend , who also is a Yale lab technician , according to police . A Yale faculty member described Clark 's job as maintaining colonies for animals used in research . A motive in Le 's killing was unclear , but police said they were treating the case as workplace violence . Calls to the New Haven district attorney 's office and Yale University seeking comment were not immediately returned Wednesday .	Raymond Clark III will enter a guilty plea Thursday , the public defender says There is a plea agreement , the attorney says , but he does not divulge details Yale graduate student Annie Le 's body was found inside a wall at a Yale lab building
CNN  -- It has been 20 years since filmmaker Michael Moore took on General Motors in "  Roger and Me . " He 's still sticking it to big business for what he sees as the deliberate shafting of the little guy . Filmmaker Michael Moore says Wall Street created a "  invisible virtual casino " with people 's money . His new film , "  Capitalism : A Love Story , " opened Wednesday in New York and Los Angeles , California , and opens nationwide next week . Moore talked with CNN 's Larry King about whether capitalism is key to the American dream or the cause of an American nightmare . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : You describe this movie as the culmination of all the films you 've made . Does that mean this is it ? Michael Moore : No . I hope not . It means that , for 20 years , as you said , I 've been doing this . I started out by showing people what General Motors was up to and how this was a company that was making a lot of bad decisions and it was n't good for the company nor for the country . That was 20 years ago . And since then , I 've covered a number of issues and different things . But it all seems to come back to this one issue of "  follow the money . " Who 's got the money ? And whoever has the money has the power . And right now , in America , tonight , Larry , the richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined . King : You 're in that 1 percent , though ? Moore : I do n't think I 'm in that 1 percent , but I make documentary films . But I mean , obviously , I do well because my films have done well . But , you know , even if I were , I think it 's my responsibility -- my moral duty that if I 've done well , that I have to make sure that everybody else . King : Does well too or has a chance ? Moore : Well , has at least a chance but that -- and that the pie is divided fairly amongst the people and not just a few people get the majority of the loot and everybody else has to struggle for the crumbs . King : Are you saying capitalism is a failure ? Moore : Yes . Capitalism . Yes . Well , I do n't have to say it . Capitalism , in the last year , has proven that it 's failed . All the basic tenets of what we 've talked about the free market , about free enterprise and competition just completely fell apart . As soon as they lost , essentially , our money , they came running to the federal government for a bailout -- for welfare , for socialism . And I thought the basic principle of capitalism was that it 's a sink-or-swim situation . And those who do well , the cream rises to the top and , you know , those who invest their money wrongly or , you know , do n't run their business the right way , then they do n't do well . Watch Moore talk about corporate greed And if you run your business the wrong way , where does it say that you or I or anybody watching this has to bail them out ? I understand why everybody seemed to get behind it , because a lot of people were afraid , because these people down on Wall Street had taken our money and made bets with it . I mean , they essentially created this invisible virtual casino with people 's money -- people 's pension funds , people 's 401  k  s . They took this money and they made bets . And then they made bets on the bets . And then they took out insurance policies on the bets . And then they took out insurance against the insurance -- the credit default swaps . King : You started filming before Lehman Brothers went belly up . Moore : Yes . King : The stock market tanked . Now , how did the events , as it occurred , affect the movie ? Did it change gears ? Moore : It did n't change in terms of what I was looking at , but it did , obviously , offer probably the best example of why this is a system that is really corrupt at its core -- corrupt because it does n't , it is n't run with democratic -- small "  d " -- democratic principles . There 's no democracy in our economy . You and I and the people watching have no say in how this economy is run . The upper 1 percent , the people down on Wall Street , the corporate executives , they 're the people that control this economy . King : And they do n't want to see the economy do well ? They do n't want to see people ... Moore : Oh , they sure do . King : Do n't they want people to make money so they can buy the products ? I mean it 's silly if they want people unemployed ? Moore : Oddly enough , yes . King : Why ? Moore : I 'll tell you why . Because your employees are your biggest expense . And , as you 've noticed in the last few months , as the unemployment rate has gone up , so has the Dow Jones . Now , you 'd think , you know , that Wall Street would respond with "  Oh , my God , unemployment is going up , you know , this is bad for business . " But the reality is , is that Wall Street likes that . They like it when companies fire people because immediately the bottom line is going to show a larger profit . King : Are you saying the investor is more important than the employee ? Moore : Yes . The investor -- and the investor , these days , they want the short-term , quick profit and they want it now . But in the long-term , here 's what happened . When I was on this show 20 years ago , 20 years ago this week , I was here with "  Roger and Me " . King : I remember . Moore : And General Motors , that year , made a profit of $ 4 billion . And yet they had just laid off another 30,000 people . Now , why would you lay people off when you 're making a record profit of $ 4 billion ? I mean that was totally insane . But they thought , well , you know , we can make a bigger profit . Maybe we can make $ 4.2 billion if we move those jobs to Mexico . And so they 're always , you know , we can make a little bit more money if we do this . By firing those workers , Larry , they got rid of the very people who buy their cars .	Filmmaker Michael Moore takes on capitalism in his latest documentary Moore says Wall Street took our money and made bets with it Moore : Richest 1 percent in America are wealthier than bottom 95 percent combined
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs says it will study the effects of toxic emissions from burning trash at military installations in Iraq and Afghanistan on veterans , even after the Department of Defense has concluded no long-term effects exist . Studies of the smoke from the burn pits suggests it contains dioxin and other toxins . The extent of the VA 's intention was discussed in a letter to concerned congressmen that was sent on Friday and obtained by CNN . In the letter responding to the congressmen 's inquiry on the subject , VA Secretary Eric Shinseki said he shared "  concerns that some veterans could have health problems from such exposures . " "  Our previous experiences with returning Vietnam War and Gulf War veterans show that we must take these concerns very seriously , " he added . Shinseki said the Department of Veterans Affairs will study the problem as part of an effort to analyze effects of troops ' exposures in general and suggested it might even seek a parallel independent study . "  We are currently evaluating the need for an independent assessment by nongovernmental scientific experts to help us understand the health effects of various combat exposures , " Shinseki wrote . Sources familiar with the plan said the VA is finalizing a deal with the government 's Institute of Medicine to conduct the study . The IOM did a similar investigation of Gulf War Syndrome and other effects from the first Iraq war . The emissions , from what are known as burn pits , have been a concern for troops , especially those who served at Balad Air Force Base in Iraq . Many soldiers who went through Balad became used to "  Iraqi crud , " as they dubbed the symptom of excessive coughing and black phlegm . Soldiers complained of respiratory problems and skin infections , and in some cases believed they developed leukemia and tumors from the exposure . The pits at Balad were at one point open and burning everything from plastics and food to medical waste , sometimes with jet fuel used as an accelerant . In later years , incinerators were installed at Balad , but other bases in Iraq and Afghanistan still use the pits without incinerators to burn garbage . The military said last year that smoke from the Balad pit exposed troops to toxic emissions , including low levels of cancer-causing dioxins . However , its tests indicated there is no long-term danger , officials said . The U.S. Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine  USACHPPM  conducted a study of air samples at Balad after concerns were raised about the toxic nature of the pervasive smoke from the incineration pits . The air samples were collected between January and April 2007 . But the report admitted that it can not account for everything burned in the pit . An additional 107 samples were collected in October and November 2007 . The results of those tests will be released early in 2009 . Many in the veterans ' community remain unconvinced that burn pits were harmless . A group from Congress wrote to the Department of Defense and the VA demanding more tests . In his response , Shinseki said the veterans department has an ongoing study comparing 30,000 veterans deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan and 30,000 nondeployed veterans . It is evaluating "  self reported exposures  including burning trash and feces  , symptoms , chronic health conditions , functional status , pregnancy outcomes and health care utilization , " Shinseki wrote . Most relevant to the burn pit concerns , Shinseki said the VA will "  work with the DoD to obtain all relevant exposure data with the goal of establishing potential correlations with health problems among affected veterans . " "  Our scientists will also review data gathered from DoD 's Post Deployment Health Assessment surveys , which ask about exposures to smoke from burn pits , subsequent symptoms , and a variety of other health related questions , " Shinseki wrote . "  VA will evaluate the feasibility of monitoring toxic substances in veterans , although most toxic materials from burn pits may be eliminated from the bodies of exposed veterans in a matter of days or weeks . " Rep. Tim Bishop , D-New York , a leading congressional agitator for further inquiry into this subject , said he was encouraged by the response . "  Since time is of the essence and the lives of our troops and veterans are at stake , we expect the Department of Defense will fully cooperate with the VA , so that these analyses can be completed as quickly and accurately as possible , " Bishop said in a statement . Kerry Baker , with the group Disabled American Veterans , said the response is a start but not as focused on the burn pit issue as his group would have liked . "  This is a decent letter , but it does n't get to the root of the problem , " Baker said . "  I would like to see them do studies on surrounding areas near burn pits compared to nondeployed troops . " The VA 's decision to look at exposures beyond the burn pits reflects its experience looking into Gulf War Syndrome , VA spokesman Jim Benson said . The department recognizes that it needs to start now to investigate long-term affects for burn pit exposure as well as potential exposures that might lead to illness down the road . "  What we found is after the first Gulf War when a possible threat would be identified , the VA and DoD would go all-out looking at that particular problem . Now we are structuring a broad-based program that is n't going to just ask "  were you around burn pits " but ask "  how is your health " in general , Benson explained . In the meantime , Benson explained , veterans with health issues they believe are related to the burn pits will get the health care they need from the VA. . "  The studies will provide us with the larger picture of the risks the veterans have gone through , " explained Benson . "  We have the medicine and facilities to give them the care while the doctors are sorting out what caused what . " Disabled American Veterans has started collecting information on veterans concerned with exposure . Its database of nearly 200 veterans with significant exposure to the burn pits shows nearly a third have contracted cancer and another third have developed pulmonary issues , according to the group . Skin lesions and allergy symptoms have also arisen . Benson said the VA has not seen evidence so far of significant levels of leukemia and cancer , but he said that does not mean the problem does not exist or may not arise . "  The key is the research needs to make that connection between the exposure and the disease . Some of those things do n't match up , but that 's what the research has to validate , " Benson said . "  This does not preclude us from health care if they provide this is service-connected , " Benson said . "  If something is wrong with you that is related or you think is related to military service , the doors are wide open , " Benson said .	VA finalizing deal with Institute of Medicine to assess potential health risks Decision reflects experience with Gulf War Syndrome , spokesman says Veterans blame emissions from burn pits for respiratory problems , skin infections No long-term danger from smoke from Balad Air Force Base pit , military said in 2008
CNN  -- Mobile gaming has become a staple for casual gamers looking for fun with friends or just a quick match while killing some time . Now , one hardware company thinks hard-core gamers are ready to take their action on the move , too . Razer revealed a dedicated gaming tablet called Edge on Tuesday , the official opening day of the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . Calling it "  a tablet , a PC and a console , " Razer is convinced games like "  Battlefield 3 " now have a place on mobile devices . The company has filled the new tablet with a Windows 8 operating system and hardware based on suggestions from fans and consumers . After the idea was announced at last year 's CES as Project Fiona , designers asked more than 10,000 people what specs they wanted and how much they would be willing to pay . The end result for Edge is a third-generation Intel Core processor , NVIDIA GeForce graphics and more memory than any other tablet currently on the market . The tablet will be offered in two different versions , the basic Edge and the Edge Pro . The basic Edge will feature an Intel Core i5 processor , NVIDIA GT640M LE graphics and 64 GB of storage . The Pro upgrades the processor to an Intel Core i7 and boosts the storage to 128 GB or 256 GB , depending on the consumer 's desired configuration . But Razer was n't satisfied with just a traditional tablet . Saying that gamers want flexibility in how and where they play , Razer will offer optional accessories to allow players to customize their gaming experiences through hardware attachments . A keyboard dock with mouse port turns the tablet into a more traditional PC setup . A Gamepad controller attachment can turn the Edge into a hand-held console capable of playing PC games that allow joystick and button configurations . The tablet fits inside the Gamepad with a joystick and buttons on the right and another joystick with a directional pad on the left . Review : Razer Blade gaming laptop sleek , powerful , pricey Finally , there is a docking station allowing for multiple controllers  looking very much like Xbox controllers  as well as USB ports and an HDMI port for hooking up to a television and treating it like a home console . Both tablet versions as well as all the optional accessories will be available online during the first quarter of 2013 . A bundle package featuring the Pro model and the gamepad controller is headed to retail stores . Now the big question -- the cost . During the crowdsourcing , Razer said , gamers indicated they would be willing to pay from $ 1,300 to $ 1,500 for a dedicated gaming tablet capable of playing PC games . The company announced at CES that pricing will begin at $ 999 for the basic Edge tablet , but did not indicate costs for the Pro or accessories . Will hard-core gamers be willing to shell out more than $ 1,000 just to take their PC games with them when they travel ? Brian Jang , a marketing manager at Razer , said during the pre-release briefing : "  With more than 10,000 people in just three months telling us what they want in a tablet , we knew we were onto something . If just 1,000 people had responded , we probably would n't have made it . "	Razer calls its new product "  a tablet , a PC and a console " The Razer Edge runs Windows 8 , has up to 256 GB of storage Design came after company polled 10,000 core gamers Price starts at $ 1,000 and goes up from there
CNN  -- "  Mortal Kombat " reboots the origins of the classic video game with a time-travel story , awesome new moves and  for the first time  the ability for tag-team action . The latest version in the iconic series from NetherRealm Studios and Warner Bros. . Entertainment returns to the game 's roots with fast action , brutal results and a story mode that takes players back to the first three "  Mortal Kombat " games in an effort to change the future . Fatalities make a return , as well as a new move called X-ray . The controls are deceptively simple . Each button on the controller works a particular body part -- one button for left arm , one button for right leg , and so on . Using the D-pad or an analog stick in conjunction with the button makes the character perform more complicated maneuvers . And , as in the past , stringing together a series of buttons and stick movements creates highly specialized and devastating attacks . However , the game can work just as well with basic moves , for beginners , as it does with more detailed ones , for experienced players . While the characters and background stories are rendered in three dimensions , fights take place on a two-dimensional plane . The details in the movements and battle effects are highly rendered and , in the sprit of the franchise 's past , graphic . Nowhere is this more evident than in the new X-ray attack . A bar at the bottom of the screen fills up as moves are used . Once completely full , the X-ray move can be used . Cinematics are shown as a character performs a devastating series of attacks that demonstrate in gory and specific detail what bones are being broken or which internal organs are being destroyed . The imagery is gruesome and groan-worthy , but it wo n't let you avert your eyes , and fatalities are also more detailed and violent than in past versions . So these moves are not for the faint of heart or stomach . More than once during my game play , others watching moaned or yelled "  Gross ! "  Which , it must be said , made me want to perform those actions again and again  . There are also fatality moves that use the surrounding environment 's scenery to deadly effect . Fan-favorite characters are back , including Liu Kang , Scorpion , Kitana and Sonya Blade . Other playable , never-before-seen characters get unlocked during game play . The single-player story is cheesy , but it gets you into the action quickly and requires you to use a variety of characters . At each stage , the player controls a different avatar through a series of fights to advance to the next stage . Combat difficulty ramps up as you advance , but during some battles , the difficulty seems to be extraordinarily high . Specific tactics seem to be needed to get through those particular fights -- for example , counterpunching only or flying attacks only . In the story , Lord Raiden sends a message back in time to himself to prevent Shao Kahn 's ultimate victory  the story told in "  Mortal Kombat : Armageddon "  . It plays out like ... well ... a movie , but offers an excuse for the ensuing battles and tournaments to take place . Single-player action is expected to last more than eight hours . It took me about 10 hours to complete , including the climactic boss battle , which ended up being fairly easy once I figured out a particular series of moves to win . Other modes of play offer fight training , skill tests and tutorials that allow you to practice fatality moves over and over . The Challenge Tower consists of fights and mini-games that test your skills and hone your moves . There are also special modes that randomly change the fight rules , hand out rewards for breaking items , check your eyesight with a hidden ball game and test timing with a fast-strike game . With 300 different challenges , this mode will keep you busy for quite some time . The new Tag Team feature lets up to 4 gamers play in a tournament or single competition . The tag element allows for combo attacks in which one character can set up a devastating finale with the other . Once that sequence begins , the opponent offers no resistance , so there is no pressure , which allows players the time to perfect the awesome maneuver . Plus , it is just fun to see how combatants are dismembered . There are also battle modes for online action , including ladder challenges and tournaments . Sadly , because of the PlayStation Network outage , I was unable to check those out . "  Mortal Kombat " is a triumphant return to the roots of the classic fighting game . Despite story line dialog that is more in line with a B-movie , the single-player action does move along at a brisk pace and offers great variety in characters and action . If you 've never played a "  Mortal Kombat " game before , this is a good way to get a handle on the characters . But if you are a longtime fan of the series , you will be impressed with the improved graphics , original content and battle challenges . It is a worthy addition to the series . "  Mortal Kombat " is available now for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 . It is rated M for mature because of blood and gore , intense violence , partial nudity and strong language . The PS3 version also contains Kratos from the "  God of War " series as a playable character , and the game can also be played in stereoscopic 3-D .	From NetherRealm Studios and Warner Bros. . Entertainment Lord Raiden sends a message back in time to himself to prevent Shao Kahn 's ultimate victory The single-player action moves at a brisk pace and offers great variety in characters
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A portrait painted 400 years ago and kept anonymously in an Irish home for much of the time since is now believed to be the only painting of William Shakespeare created during his lifetime . The portrait of William Shakespeare is thought to be the "  only " portrait painted during his lifetime . The image reveals a wealthy Shakespeare of high social status , contradicting the popular view of a struggling playwright of humble status , according to Stanley Wells , a professor who chairs London 's Shakespeare Birthplace Trust . Wells , a distinguished Shakespeare scholar , arranged for three years of research and scientific testing which confirmed it was painted around 1610 , when Shakespeare would have been 46 years old . "  A rather young looking 46 , it has to be said , " Wells said . Shakespeare died in 1616 . The Cobbe portrait -- named after the Irish family that owns the painting -- shows Shakespeare with rosy cheeks , a full head of hair , and a reddish brown beard . The most common portrait of Shakespeare is a gray image showing a bald Bard with a small mustache and beard , and bags under his eyes . The identity of the man in the portrait was lost over the centuries -- until Alec Cobbe saw a portrait from Washington 's Folger Shakespeare Library . That painting , which fell into disfavor as a Shakespeare portrait about 70 years ago , turned out to be one of four copies of Cobbe 's portrait . The portrait "  shows a man wearing expensive costuming , including a very beautifully painted ruff of Italian lacework which would have been very expensive , " Wells said . "  It establishes , for me , that Shakespeare in his later years was a rather wealthy , a rather well affluent member of aristocratic circles in the society of his time , " Wells said . "  There 's been too much of a tendency to believe that Shakespeare , being the son of a glover , coming for a small town in the middle of England , that he necessarily retained a rather humble status throughout his life . " Wells reads even more into what he sees in Shakespeare 's newly-found face . "  I think it 's plausible as a portrait as a good listener , of somebody who would have been capable of writing the plays , clearly the face of a man of high intelligence , " he said . "  It 's the face of a man , I think , who betrays a good deal of wisdom in his features . But , of course , as somebody  King Duncan  says in Shakespeare 's story Macbeth , ` there 's no art to find the mind 's construction in the face . ' " It should be noted that Shakespeare 's King Duncan paid a price for judging Macbeth to have the face of an honorable man . Macbeth later murdered the king . The public can read Shakespeare 's face from the original painting at Shakespeare Birthplace Trust in Stratford-upon-Avon where it goes on display for several months starting April 23 . The portrait then returns to the Cobbe family , which inherited it when an ancestor married England 's Earl of Southampton -- a friend of Shakespeare who likely commissioned its painting .	Shakespeare group unveil "  only " portrait of playwright painted during his lifetime Painting on display after three years of research and testing It was painted in about 1610 -- or six years before Shakespeare 's death Identity of man in painting was lost until owner saw a copy of it in a museum
CNN  -- As filthy floodwater continued to seep towards central Bangkok , Thailand 's Prime Minister laid out a three-point plan to get the country back on its feet after the worst flooding in 50 years . Immediate aid will be issued to people whose homes and businesses have been destroyed by the deluge which has claimed more than 500 lives since July , Yingluck Shinawatra announced Tuesday . "  This disaster is the biggest that we have ever met . We 're trying to cope with situation and help as much as we can , " she said . "  We ca n't stop all flooding but we will try to reduce the impact . " Aid packages will be offered to people to help restore homes and businesses as part of a short-term recovery plan over the coming year . Details are expected to be announced next week . Longer-term plans include the formation of two committees , one to oversee reconstruction and future development and the other to manage water resources . Yingluck acknowledged criticism of the official response to the disaster by setting herself a deadline of one year to win back public confidence . The prime minister 's promises came as murky waters continued to move towards Bangkok 's city center . "  The situation is quite serious . The water is making ground slowly but surely towards the heart of Bangkok , " flood relief co-ordinator Rungsun Munkong told CNN . He said thousands of people were refusing to leave their homes despite orders to evacuate to outer provinces . "  I believe thousands of people are in their homes and are still not evacuating , " Rungsun said . "  They  possibly will be stranded with little food and water as time goes by . " Relief workers , distributing aid to evacuation centers in central Bangkok , said they were struggling to reach residents determined to wait out the crisis in tower blocks . "  I think it will be difficult down the road to get help to these people , " Rungsun said . "  People need clean water , that 's the first important thing . Cooked ready-to-eat food is also quite important , baby milk and so on . " Thailand has been inundated with its worst flood in half a century , affecting at least 25 of the country 's 77 provinces . More than 500 people had been killed in the deluge according to figures released Sunday by the country 's interior ministry . A Thailand Disaster and Mitigation Department report , issued Sunday and reported by MCOT , estimated about 3.1 million people have been affected and 4 million acres of farmland have been damaged . Moreover , the department said two people are believed missing and about 75 highways have closed . In the provinces of Nakhon Sawan and Ayutthaya , cleanup efforts were under way . On Sunday , the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra visited Nonthaburi , near Bangkok . There , the government provided 100 boats to help transport people and disperse relief supplies after requests by local officials , according to MCOT . Despite public criticism of the government 's overall response , Yingluck said she would not shake up her Cabinet -- in the short-term , at least . She explained that the focus first is to address the situation , with a full evaluation and possible shuffling to be done after the crisis abates , reported MCOT . Floods are an annual occurrence in the country but have been particularly acute this year , and some residents and analysts have criticized the government 's response . "  Now the government is sending a mixed signal that the situation is fine , but the truth is it the situation far from over , " political analyst Supong Limtanakul told CNN . "  It is a slow suffocating death of  the  Bangkok business area . " The city 's main airport and two large industrial sites are also at risk , Supong said . Supong said the government did not have enough resources to deal with floodwaters , noting that officials had recently asked the private sector for water pumps to help drain water out of Bangkok . M.R. Sukhumbhand Paribatra , Bangkok 's governor , told MCOT that it may take up to two weeks to drain water out of Bangkok 's main roads , and months to drain water from smaller roads . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	Thai PM lays out three-point flood recovery plan Floodwater moving closer to heart of Thai capital Thousands refusing to leave home , risk being trapped without food More than 500 people have died , interior ministry says
CNN  -- They 're still massively undeveloped compared to their Thai neighbors , but Cambodia 's islands are starting to get the attention they deserve . Whether you 're looking for an all-night party or an underwater adventure among pristine coral reefs , Cambodia 's got an island for all types and all budgets . Here are seven of the best . Best island for partying : Koh Rong Not too long ago Koh Rong 's only tourist amenities were a handful of bungalows besides miles of dense jungle and gorgeous white sand beaches . There 's still amazing hiking and trekking on the island in the parts of the jungle that loggers have n't destroyed , but in the last few years dozens of cheap accommodations have been built and the place has become a backpacker Shangri-La . Though Koh Rong remains surprisingly undeveloped , at least by Thai island standards , its business owners are notoriously party-friendly , bringing in generators to keep the music going until the wee hours and offering live DJs and free-beer happy hours . A 24-hour bar and a permissive attitude towards ganja have made the island a go-to spot for sun burnt travelers who want to bake on the beach by day and get toasted by night . Getting there : High-speed ferries run from Sihanoukville  Speed Ferry Cambodia , Serendipity Beach Road , Sihanoukville , +85534934744  , which takes 50 minutes from shore and costs $ 15 return . In terms of accommodation , Vagabonds  +85515662437 , kohrongvagabonds@gmail.com  caters to the party set while Monkey Island  +85581830991  and Paradise Bungalows  +85592548883  are a quieter option . Best island for relaxing : Koh Rong Sanloem Koh Rong Sanloem has long been a favorite of expats in Phnom Penh , who head to the quiet island for weekends at Lazy Beach , once the only accommodation option here . More recently , a dozen new places have sprung up on the opposite side of the island , Saracen Bay -- a heart-shaped inlet with calm turquoise surf and beautiful beaches . Fortunately the new businesses are determined to avoid the mistakes made on some of the neighboring islands and are promoting low-impact , sustainable tourism . The result is clean white sand beaches that visitors can have nearly all to themselves . There 's not much to do on the island , but that 's the point . Days can be spent paddle-boarding , snorkeling or relaxing under a palm tree with a good book . Getting there : From Sihanoukville , many of the Speed Ferry Cambodia ferries to Koh Rong also stop at Koh Rong Sanloem for $ 20 return . Accommodation options include Paradise Villas  +85592548883  , Saracen Bay Resort  +85516997047  and Lazy Beach  +855016214211  . More : 12 stylish boutique hotels in Cambodia Best island for luxury : Song Saa The nickname of these two small private islands means "  sweethearts " in Khmer . Fitting , as you 'd have to be pretty sweet on someone to take them there , with villa prices topping $ 3,000 per night . The 27-room resort offers Cambodia 's most exclusive island experience , starting with the bottle of champagne awaiting you at check-in . The champagne 's included in the price and so is just about everything else , from the transfers from shore and the gourmet meals made from locally-sourced foods to the well-stocked mini-bar and free international calls from your villa . Even better , Song Saa is a model for sustainable development in Cambodia . The resort is helping the local community develop education and waste management programs and has embarked on several conservation efforts , including a marine reserve covering 50,000 square meters around the islands . Getting there : There are twice-daily speedboats to Song Saa  +855236860360  from the Sihanoukville port that are free for guests , or private boats can be organized for $ 660 or helicopter for $ 1,320 . Best island for nature watching : Koh Thmei Located inside Ream National Park , Koh Thmei is home to monkeys , civets , lizards , more than 100 different species of birds and several threatened species , including the fishing cat , a wetland feline than makes its home near streams and mangrove forests . The island has only one place to stay , Koh Thmei Resort , and the term "  resort " is used loosely : it 's little more than nine simple wooden bungalows , but it 's eco-friendly and solar powered . Guests can hike , bird watch , snorkel or take the two-person sea kayak out for a spin . The resort is even raising ponies that children can ride . There are nearby deserted beaches to visit with occasional views of dolphins swimming along the coast . Getting there : A taxi to Koh Kchhang , the fishing village closest to the island , from Phnom Penh costs $ 60 , or $ 22 from Sihanoukville . Koh Thmei Resort  +855977370400  can organize a boat from Koh Kchhang for $ 12.50 . Best island for meeting the green fairy : Koh Ta Kiev The secluded beaches of Koh Ta Kiev are probably the last place you 'd expect to find an absinthe bar , let alone a distillery . Yet this is where you 'll find Syn Absinthe , a one-man operation that makes five types of hand-crafted , small-batch absinthe . Visitors can take a distillery tour that covers the entire process , from the wormwood that gives absinthe its reputed psychoactive properties to fermentation and bottling , plus the history of the oft-forbidden beverage . Tours end with a tasting that 's served the traditional way , with a live flame , caramelized sugar and cold water . It 's possible to visit the island just for the afternoon , but the gorgeous beaches also demand a couple of days ' attention , as does the coconut bowling . Those who want to stay overnight can lodge in one of Ten103 Treehouse Bay 's tree-top bungalows next to the distillery , but it 's best to book in advance . Getting there : Syn Absinthe will be offering a daily boat , The Green Ferry , to the island specifically for tours the coming high season .  Syn Absinthe , +855975697614  Currently , there is a daily boat to Ten103 Treehouse Bay  +855885044192  from Sihanoukville for $ 6.50 each way , or private day boats can be booked at local travel agencies , including Best Beach Travel  +85515678924  . Best island for diving : Koh Tang Located about five hours from the mainland , Koh Tang was the site of a 1975 clash between U.S. forces and the Khmer Rouge , the last official battle of the Vietnam War . It 's now uninhabited save for a small outpost of Cambodian military personnel , resulting in clear coastal waters with excellent visibility and undisturbed marine life , making it and nearby Koh Prins the perfect islands for diving . The island 's eight popular diving sites offer coral reefs and a wealth of underwater creatures , including fantastically colored nudibranches , poisonous pufferfish and dazzling stingrays with electric blue spots . Getting there : Overnight diving trips can be booked to Koh Tang from Sihanoukville with Scuba Nation  +85534933700  or The Dive Shop  +85534933664  . Best island for unplugging : Koh Totang Koh Totang is the island of choice for those who want to totally disconnect from their regular life and do some serious beachcombing . The stunning island has just one place to stay , Nomad 's Land , which has only five bungalows . Visitors will be forced to take a much-needed break from email because there 's no Internet on Koh Totang . But because the bungalows are solar powered they do n't have any noisy generators , either . Showers use saved rainwater , produce is grown in the permaculture garden and there 's not much on the agenda other than lying in a hammock , enjoying the view and banishing all thought of life at home . Getting there : From Phnom Penh or Sihanoukville a taxi to Poi Yopon , the fishing village on the mainland , costs $ 100 , or there 's a bus from Phnom Penh or Sihanoukville to Andoung Teuk and then a local minibus from there . Nomad 's Land  +85511916171  will pick guests up by boat at Poi Yopon . Lina Goldberg is an American writer based in Siem Reap , Cambodia , and the author of "  Move to Cambodia : A guide to living and working in the Kingdom of Wonder . "	Cambodia 's largely undeveloped islands feature white sands and turquoise waters Party hunters will want to head to Koh Rong , luxury seekers to Song Saa The island of Koh Ta Kiev has its own absinthe distillery
CNN  -- International Correspondent Fred Pleitgen reports from the site of E1 , a controversial settlement that the Israeli government plans to build . What is E1 ? I was standing on the barren hilltops East of Jerusalem and it is hard to believe the area could be at the center of an international controversy . E1 stands for East 1 and marks territory that the Israeli government has slated for settlement construction in the West Bank . It 's about 12 square kilometers  4.6 square miles  , and when completed will touch the outskirts of Jerusalem . The construction in the E1 area would be an expansion of one of the largest Israeli settlements in the West Bank , Ma'ale Adumim , with about 40,000 inhabitants , and would merge it with the greater Jerusalem area . Why has the plan caused so intense international reaction ? After the United Nations General Assembly vote on November 29 to grant the Palestinians the status of a non-member observer state in the body , Israel announced settlement construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as a response , saying part of that would likely take place in the E1 area . The Palestinians believe construction here would essentially cut the West Bank in half and could also impede access from the West Bank to East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians would like to see as the capital of any future Palestinian State . In an interview with CNN , the Palestinians ' chief negotiator Saeb Erekat condemned the plan saying : "  There is no chance for a Palestinian state . I mean it is impossible . Anyone who looks at the map , looks at the geography will know exactly that this decision means that there is no more two-state solution . " How many Israeli settlements are there ? According to the settlement monitoring group Peace Now , there are currently 137 Israeli settlements in the West Bank , with about 325,000 inhabitants in total . The settlements are essentially Israeli towns of various sizes in Palestinian territory . Many of them , like Ma'ale Adumim , look almost like any other Israeli town with everything from supermarkets to shopping malls and schools . What is their legal status ? The legal status of the settlements is in dispute . The United Nations and many scholars of international law consider them illegal , but Israel and some experts like the late Eugene Rostow of the Yale Law School and Julius Stone , international law professor at the University of Sydney , have said they are legal . The Palestinians want Israel to give up most settlements as part of any future two-state solution , but many believe that is not realistic considering the size of some of them . How do settlements impact the peace process ? Settlements are one key reason why there have been no negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians for several years . The Palestinians say they will only return to the table if Israel freezes all settlement construction , while Benjamin Netanyahu 's government wants negotiations without preconditions . The dispute over new construction in the E1 sector is adding fuel to the fire and the U.N. believes it might destroy any chance of a two-state solution for good . How would ordinary Palestinians be affected by E1 development ? For average Palestinians in the area , the concerns are immediate . Attala Titi , a taxi driver in the town Eizzaria near Jerusalem , told me he fears additional detours and checkpoints if settlements are constructed in the E1 area . "  If they build this settlement and close off our roads it will mean that my trip from Hebron to Jericho would take between five hours to a whole day . " How about people currently living in the settlement ? Ma'ale Adumim 's Mayor Benny Kashriel is happy at the prospect of expanding the settlement , a project that has been on hold for years . "  This place , this residential neighborhood , it is in the Ma'ale Adumim municipality , part of Ma'ale Adumim municipality , government land . It has to be built for our young couples , " he told me from his office .	Israel plans to begin construction of settlements in the East 1 , or E1 , zone in the West Bank Comes after the U.N. voted to grant Palestine non-member observer status Palestinians believe construction here would essentially cut the West Bank in half Group : Currently 137 Israeli settlements in the West Bank , with about 325,000 inhabitants
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Keith Oppenheim is covering the controversy in Irving , Texas over authorities ' efforts to find illegal immigrants . IRVING , Texas -- I certainly do n't think I look like a cop . With a blue blazer , and scruffy khakis I take into the field , I have that look of a reporter who 's trying to dress up just enough to be professional , but no more . Protesters in Irving , Texas , demonstrate against a program that checks the immigration status of anyone arrested . So , it came as a surprise to me when I learned some Latino men , day laborers who were standing around and hoping to get some work , thought I was a federal immigration officer . "  You thought I was from immigration ? " I asked one . "  Si " , the man replied . My producer , Patricia Pedraza , translated the rest . "  The fear is with both immigration and the police . Now you can not trust absolutely anybody . " In Irving , Texas , a Dallas suburb of about 200,000 people , right next to the big airport , an estimated 40 percent of the city is Latino , and anecdotally , we 're told there are a lot of undocumented workers here , people who are in the U.S. illegally , but clearly do n't view themselves as criminals . "  They take innocent people , they think we 're all the same , " another undocumented worker told me . The fear is a reaction to what 's called the Criminal Alien Program . Since September of last year , Irving police started to refer anyone arrested in their community to federal authorities , who check their immigration status . "  It 's only for people who have violated Texas laws , and are arrested and brought into the Irving jail , " said Larry Boyd , Irving 's police chief . As a result , referrals for deportations have shot up to 1,600 , more than 40 times the number from the year before . Statistics from police show that while some of those referrals were for people who committed serious crimes , the majority were a result of misdemeanors and traffic warrants . Many sources told me that a growing number of Latinos here are afraid to drive . The risk is being caught with a suspended license , going to jail and getting deported . See the effect the program has had on Irving " But if some in the Latino community are lying low , advocates for immigrants are speaking out -- accusing the city and police of targeting Latinos without cause . "  We believe the Criminal Alien Program is fundamentally wrong , " says Carlos Quintanilla , an activist . "  That there is racial profiling going on . " The city 's mayor , Herbert Gears , disagrees . He says police are not taking on the role of immigration officers . "  We will make sure people are being treated fairly , " he said . "  That people are n't being pulled over because of the color of their skin . " As I spent more time in Irving , I came to realize that outside the large Latino community , there is broad support for the program . "  You have to start somewhere , " said Sheik Shah , an Irving resident who emigrated to the U.S. from India and is now an American citizen . "  Because right now , we have so many loopholes for people to come in here and work illegally . " Some were more direct . I read from two tall stacks of printed e-mail addressed to the City Council , which were overwhelmingly supported the Criminal Alien Program . One read : "  Please help deport all illegals . What part of illegal do they not understand ? " Another : "  Thank God some people are doing something about this invasion . " In the end , Irving is in the middle of a profound disagreement , between those who feel it 's wrong to refer people to immigration authorities for nonviolent crimes and misdemeanors , and those who believe illegal immigration has gone too far -- that something has to be done . As Irving City Council member Beth Van Duyne told me : "  We need to know who is in our city . If you 're committing a crime , we need to know who you are . I do n't think that 's too much to ask . " E-mail to a friend	Illegal immigrants say they fear new crackdown Authorities running immigration checks on all people arrested in Irving Deportations up sharply since crackdown began
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan opposition has rejected a "  road map " proposal by the African Union to bring an end to fighting between them and the government of Moammar Gadhafi , opposition leaders said Monday . Rebel leaders Mustafa Abdul Jalil and Abdul Hafiz Ghoga said they would not agree to any plan that fails to include Gadhafi 's removal . The African Union plan , which Gadhafi agreed to in principle , does not provide any solution to the violence against the Libyan people , Ghoga said . Can AU broker a peace deal ? Cheers erupted from supporters when the announcement was made . The leaders said the opposition remains open to any other proposals the African Union may make . Gadhafi had agreed in principle to stop all hostilities in his North African nation and allow outside forces to help keep the peace , his government and African Union mediators said Monday in a joint statement . The announcement came the same day UNICEF , the United Nations children 's agency , released a statement saying that at least 20 children -- some as young as 9 months old -- have been killed by shrapnel or bullet wounds in the city of Misrata . Ramtane Lamara , the African Union 's commissioner for peace and security , read the agreement with Gadhafi early Monday , flanked by Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim . U.S. official : Prospect of stalemate looms The deal announced Monday does not address whether Gadhafi will step down , nor is it binding . It has four basic elements , according to the memorandum detailed by Lamara : -- An immediate end to all fighting . -- Libyan authorities ' cooperation "  to facilitate the diligent delivery of humanitarian assistance . " -- The protection of foreign nationals in Libya . -- The start of talks involving various Libyan authorities , including opposition figures , with the aim of setting up "  an inclusive transition period " to adopt and implement "  political reforms necessary for the elimination of the causes of the current crisis . " The agreement , which the statement said Gadhafi had signed off on , states that the final resolution must consider "  the aspirations of the Libyan people for democracy , political reform , justice , peace and security , as well as social ... development . " Report tracks "  sweeping changes " in Mideast No timetable was spelled out as to when and if a cease-fire might take effect or the political transition might take place . In the agreement , Gadhafi does voice support for the "  deployment of an effective and credible monitoring mechanism . " "  Leader Moammar Gadhafi expressed his full confidence in the African Union and its ability to successfully carry out the peace process in his country , " the statement said . Gadhafi 's government has announced unilateral cease-fires before , only to continue to attack the opposition . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that Washington is still "  waiting to get a full readout " from participants in the African Union 's peace mission in Libya . "  We 've made it very clear that we want to see a cease-fire , " Clinton said . But she said there also must be , among other things , a resumption of water , electricity and other services to Libyan cities that have been "  brutalized by Gadhafi 's forces . " "  These terms are non-negotiable , " Clinton said . She also reiterated the U.S. position that Gadhafi needs to step down from power . The African Union 's special committee on Libya has representatives from Mauritania , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Mali , Uganda and South Africa . Gadhafi has been a strong supporter of the African Union and has channeled large sums of money its way . Libya also holds a seat on the 15-member Peace and Security Council , which Lamara heads . As such , opposition leaders had voiced doubt that any mediation involving that multinational group would end the conflict in a way that would satisfy their goals , which include Gadhafi 's ouster . The talks come as violence continues in the North African nation , where pro- and anti-Gadhafi forces have been engaged in bitter fighting since February . In Misrata on Monday , at least five civilians -- including two toddlers , a 75-year-old man and an Algerian worker -- were killed and more than 20 people injured in mortar attacks , two eyewitnesses said . Libyan state TV reported that "  colonial crusader enemies " hit civilian and military positions in al-Jufra district in central Libya . After a series of setbacks driven by the advances of pro-government forces , Libyan rebel fighters recaptured the besieged city of Ajdabiya over the weekend after apparently holding off Gadhafi 's better-equipped forces . Tony Blair 's take on Libya Amnesty International said Monday that it had fresh evidence of extrajudicial executions apparently committed by forces loyal to Gadhafi near Ajdabiya in recent days . Researchers of the rights groups reportedly saw the bodies of two opposition soldiers who had been shot in the back of the head after their hands had been tied behind their backs . In Misrata , NATO airstrikes hit parts of the city over the weekend , destroying 14 tanks , said a witness who did not want to be named for security reasons . NATO is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing the use of force to protect Libyan civilians from attack . On Sunday , two rebel fighters died as they attempted to hunt down pro-Gadhafi snipers near the city center , another witness said . The snipers took positions on top of residential and commercial buildings , the witness said . At least eight people were killed and 22 injured in fighting Saturday between the pro-Gadhafi forces and the rebels , according to medical sources in the city . Shahida Azfar , UNICEF 's regional director for the Middle East and North Africa , called for an immediate end to the siege of Misrata . "  Until the fighting stops , we face the intolerable inevitability of children continuing to die and suffer in this war zone , " Azfar said in the statement Monday . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 5 civilians killed and 20 people wounded in Misrata , witnesses say Opposition says it rejects any plan that does n't include Gadhafi 's removal UNICEF : 20 children have been killed by shrapnel or bullet wounds in Misrata Mediators : Gadhafi agrees to cease-fire , political transition and international peacekeepers
CNN  -- Thanks to the circular firing squad nature of the 2012 Republican presidential primaries , it had begun to look as if President Obama would coast to re-election in November . But then came along high gas prices . The recent dramatic increase in gas prices could become the issue that slows the economy , stalls the recovery and sinks the president 's chances at a second term . As a Republican who recognizes President Obama 's great skill as campaigner-in-chief , I 'm shocked he has handled the issue so poorly . Even most of those who agree presidents ca n't do much to lower gas prices acknowledge they must be perceived as doing everything they can to ease the suffering . Sixty-five percent of Americans tell pollsters they disapprove of the president 's handling of gas prices . Average gas prices have reached $ 3.87 nationwide , the highest ever recorded in March . The prices are expected to go even higher as the summer driving season arrives . If President Obama ca n't change the perception that he ca n't do anything about it , he could find himself pumping his own gas after November . The international markets are unlikely to save him , given the current unrest in the Middle East and rising demand in China , India and elsewhere . Popular opinion -- and the U.S. economy -- could take a strong turn against him if the situation is not rectified by summer . Americans will not appreciate paying $ 5 per gallon or more on their vacations . Those in the battleground states of Florida , Ohio , Virginia , North Carolina , Nevada and Colorado could be particularly annoyed . They will come to see his energy policy -- calling oil "  the fuel of the past , " and slowing the permit process for drilling in the Gulf -- as crafted to please his friends in the green movement . And while the president is set to begrudgingly fast track the southern portion of the XL Keystone pipeline , he does not appear to have bought into the merits of the entire project . President Obama can argue that changing his policies would not dramatically increase domestic oil supplies in the short run . While this is technically correct , Americans are unlikely to buy the argument . As economist Larry Kudlow and others have noted , speculators and traders , whom President Obama has blamed for the current crisis , respond to news of new energy exploration . For example , President George W. Bush confronted a similar problem with gas prices spiking during spring and summer 2008 . He responded by lifting an executive branch moratorium on oil and gas exploration in the Outer Continental Shelf regions in an effort to jump-start production , and high prices subsided by fall . President Obama seems to be leaning toward dipping into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve , which may or may not work since that move does not actually increase production . And he has embarked on an American energy tour , highlighted by stops in three swing states , to convince voters he 's doing all he can . The Republican candidates , who seem never to miss an opportunity to take on the president , must seize this moment to push for an energy policy that would better serve the interests of the middle class . They should start a conversation now on how to avoid future gas price spikes . Domestic energy security is one of the nation 's most critical issues . President Obama 's own Energy Information Agency says we will need almost as much gasoline for transportation in 20 years as we consume today . The president is right that drilling alone will not satisfy our domestic needs . And he has supported an all-of-the-above approach . But his actions have n't completely matched his words . It truly must be all of the above . It must , as Newt Gingrich contends , tap into proven homegrown reserves in the High Plains , in Alaska , off both coasts and in the Rocky Mountains . It must include an all-of-the-above approach to technology as well -- including fracking , mapping and drilling -- and it must again involve building refineries . Such an approach can help drive down oil prices in the short term , boost domestic energy production , reduce dependence on unstable foreign sources , create jobs and provide new revenue streams for the government . It will be environmentally responsible because production of oil under U.S. environmental standards is among the strictest in the world . President Obama has pinned almost his entire re-election hopes on an economic recovery . If gas prices do n't retreat soon , Americans will cancel their vacations , the seasonal industries that depend on those vacations will wilt , consumer spending will slow and the administration 's hopes of showing concrete signs of an economic recovery by Election Day will fade . In that scenario , the president could find himself out of a job -- and it will be his own fault . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ford C. O'Connell .	Average gas price has reached $ 3.87 nationwide -- the highest ever recorded in March Ford O'Connell : Increases in gas prices can hurt President Obama 's re-election chance He says Republican candidates must seize the moment to push for a different energy policy O'Connell : If President Obama does n't change his policies , he may lose his job in November
EW.com  -- Heavy may be the head that wears the crown , but hot is the head that 's third in line . Prince Harry , 28 , has been named the Top Bachelor , according to the editors at Town & Country , which named the current top 50 bachelors in the world . "  Prince William 's baby brother flirts and flies Apache helicopters with equal aplomb , " the magazine wrote . The list is n't very Hollywood specific  although both George Clooney and Jack Nicholson made the cut  . Instead , in addition to the prince , people like Ralph Lauren 's son , Andrew , President Obama 's speechwriter Jon Favreau , and Greek shipping heir Stavros Niarchos  who has dated both Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton  snagged a spot . Most hilariously , still-just-a-high-schooler Conor Kennedy made the cut . The magazine said it best : "  A mere child to some , this Deerfield Academy junior and son of Robert Kennedy Jr. was a gateway to the compound for Taylor Swift . Now he 's lyric fodder . " Insert your own ` never , ever wanting to get back together ' joke here . ` NCIS ' high , ` New Girl ' low : Ratings It 's hard to make an argument against Harry 's No. 1 ranking  although seeing all the attention the Duchess of Cambridge receives on a daily basis could make some women want to run for the hills  . More so than normal , Harry has been in the public eye this year , whether he was losing his clothes in Las Vegas or cheering on Olympians at the London Games . "  Harry might not possess a towering intellect , " the magazine explained . "  But he is cooler and more appealing than his older brother , sweet as William undoubtedly is . " You guys ! Town & Country just called William a nerd ! Does anyone even remember when William was considered the dreamboat of the two ? His big bro may be taken , but word of advice to any woman trying to snag the fun-loving , polo-playing prince so that they can go on double dates with Will and Kate : You 'll have to contend with all-too-real Harry Hunters  not a Potter reference  in your quest for the Most Eligible Bachelor  $ " and those ladies mean business . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Prince Harry has been named the Top Bachelor , according to the editors at Town & Country The magazine states , "  He is cooler and more appealing than his older brother " The list is n't very Hollywood specific , although Clooney and Nicholson made the cut
With 100 % of precincts reporting results , CNN can report that the Mississippi Republican Senate primary is headed for a June 24 runoff . Sen. Thad Cochran and Chris McDaniel will battle again after both candidates fell short of the 50 % threshold needed to avoid another contest . The race is a high-profile tea party vs. establishment showdown . For tea party supporters , it 's perhaps their best chance to claim victory after facing a string of defeats this year . Tuesday marked the biggest single day of primary voting in 2014 , with contests in eight states . In Iowa , the winner of that high-profile GOP Senate primary had rare support from both sides of the battle between conservatives and the establishment . If Republicans can flip the Hawkeye State and five other Democratic-held seats , they will regain control of the Senate . And California used its new "  jungle " primary system for the first time in a gubernatorial race . That 's where the top two finishers advance to the November election , regardless of party affiliation . With Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown the overwhelming favorite , the race was for second place , and a moderate Republican edged out a tea party-backed conservative state lawmaker . Top Takeaways from Tuesday 's primaries Mississippi At 76 , Cochran is the second-oldest Senate incumbent running for re-election . McDaniel , a state senator , ran on a platform of change , saying Cochran , who has served in Congress for four decades , has been in Washington long enough . "  We do n't have six more years of the status quo , " he recently told CNN . "  I am not going to Washington , D.C. , to be a member of the cocktail circuit or to make backroom deals . I 'm going up there to fight and defend the Constitution . " Cochran and McDaniel were separated by fewer than 1,400 votes with McDaniel slightly ahead , 49.5 % to 49 % , according to numbers compiled by The Associated Press . A third Republican candidate in the primary race , Thomas Carey , grabbed 1.5 % of the vote . So what happens next ? The two candidates have a little under three weeks before they go head to head again . Runoffs usually have lower turnout and tend to favor challengers . Money will be key as both dig deeper into their campaign war chests and rely on outside help from independent groups . McDaniel 's campaign was already asking for more cash Wednesday . "  I 'm going to be brutally honest with you : our campaign is pretty low on money and there 's no way we can win if conservatives from around Mississippi and America do n't stand up and make sure we have the resources we need to win , " he said in an email blast . FreedomWorks , a national tea party group that backed McDaniel , pledged to "  double down " on its efforts to make sure he wins . Another conservative group , Club for Growth , even called on Cochran to drop out , but vowed to "  vigorously pursue this race " in support of McDaniel no matter what . Cochran supporters also say they 're ready for another round . Henry Barbour , who runs the pro-Cochran PAC Mississippi Conservatives , told CNN 's Dana Bash that they 're "  going to get up and rethink " their message . "  Really organize from the ground up , " he added . Barbour said "  complacency " among Cochran voters "  hurt us " and he thinks "  they got outshouted . " His group dished out six figures to support Cochran , who was also backed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which represents the interests of business . The chamber put out a statement in support of Cochran on Wednesday , but declined to specify if it will go up with another ad buy . Another leading outside group that tends to support establishment candidates , American Crossroads , said it would stay out of any runoff . Stuart Stevens , a Cochran adviser and former adviser to Mitt Romney , told Bash that three weeks allows more time to scrutinize McDaniel 's record and ask tough questions . The winner will face off against former Rep. Travis Childers , who CNN projects will be the Democratic nominee , in November . Nasty Senate race digs deeper in the mud Iowa State Sen. Joni Ernst did n't have to take sides in the battle between grass-roots conservatives and the Republican establishment : She had the backing of both , and she easily came out on top in a crowded primary race . Ernst , a lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard who grabbed national attention by touting her hog castrating skills in a campaign commercial , had the support of some top names and groups among both the tea party movement and the mainstream GOP . At her victory party Tuesday night , Ernst acknowledged and thanked her GOP competitors . "  It is going to take all of us pulling together to unite this party and win in November , " she said . The race was originally a free-for-all between four major GOP candidates , but in the closing weeks of the campaign , Ernst pulled ahead of her rivals . The big question going into primary day was whether she would top 35 % . If no candidate passed that threshold , the nomination would have been decided a week later by delegates at the Iowa GOP convention . But in the end , Ernst won in a landslide . Ernst will face off against Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley , who had no opposition for his party 's nomination . The winner of November 's general election will succeed longtime Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin , who is retiring at the end of the year . Republicans believe they have a good shot at flipping Harkin 's seat . Big-name Republicans from both the establishment and conservative wings of the party , like Mitt Romney , Marco Rubio and Sarah Palin , joined Ernst on the trail . She also grabbed support from the Chamber of Commerce and the National Rifle Association as well groups like the Senate Conservatives Fund , which often backs like-minded candidates who launch primary challenges against incumbent Republican senators . Midterms : What 's at stake California gubernatorial race Brown and Republican Neel Kashkari finished in first and second place , respectively , and will advance to the general election . Brown 's first-place finish was never in doubt . Kashkari and fellow Republican Tim Donnelly were vying for the second spot . Some GOP strategists said they were concerned that if Donnelly , a conservative with tea party backing , had won , it could have hurt Republican candidates come November in down-ballot races in a state where the general election electorate is much more moderate . Kashkari , a moderate , was a Treasury Department official under President George W. Bush . One time anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan was also on the ballot , the nominee of the Peace and Freedom Party , a socialist party . She grabbed about 1 % of the vote . Sheehan became the face of the anti-Iraq war movement in 2005 when she protested for weeks outside Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , after her son Casey was killed in combat . 2014 midterms : What 's at stake	Mississippi Senate primary runoff will be June 24 Incumbent Sen. Thad Cochran faces Chris McDaniel , who is a conservative with tea party backing Neither crossed the 50 % threshold in Tuesday 's voting California uses new "  jungle " primary system for first time in a gubernatorial race
CNN  -- An opposition group reported Thursday that government forces have carried out a "  massacre " in Hama province , killing 220 people there . Most of the killings occurred in the village of Tremseh , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The day 's death toll nationwide reached 287 , making it the bloodiest day in Syria since the uprising against the government began 16 months ago , the opposition group told CNN . As it has done consistently , Syrian state television blamed "  armed terrorist groups " for the killings , accusing them of having shot "  indiscriminately at the people of Al-Tremseh village in Hama suburbs . And after calls from the people of the village , the security forces clashed with the terrorist groups , arresting a number of them and confiscated their weapons . " Activists in the city of Hama told CNN that witnesses inside Tremseh told them by telephone that Syrian military forces had launched a full-scale attack against the opposition Free Syrian Army inside the town , which was surrounded by government tanks and artillery . The forces had shelled the town continuously from 5 a.m. until noon , when their tanks entered the village , three activists told CNN separately . None of them was willing to be identified publicly . Syrian army forces , whose numbers were bolstered by the pro-regime militias called "  shabeha , " accompanied the tanks into Tremseh , they said . As the government forces rained artillery rounds into the town , a number of village residents fled their houses into the streets , where many of them were shot dead by the government militias , the activists told CNN in separate telephone interviews . CNN is not able to confirm their accounts because Western journalists have limited access to the country . The violence was also occurring farther south , in the capital , where 12 people were killed , the LCC said . The Damascus neighborhood of Shaghour was under siege by government forces , whose snipers were occupying the roofs of buildings , the LCC said . In the capital city 's suburb of Naher Aisha , government forces opened fire on a group of people who were demonstrating in condemnation of the Tremseh killings , LCC said . The carnage came as a top Syrian diplomat who defected Wednesday said in an interview broadcast Thursday that he has sympathized with the opposition movement since it began in March 2011 , but had held out hope that President Bashar al-Assad would change course . "  I am from Day One with the revolution , " Nawaf al-Fares , the former Syrian ambassador to Iraq , told Al Jazeera Arabic . "  Due to the political and personal circumstances , just a few people knew about that . " Al-Fares added , "  I had hope , and I was in direct contact with President Bashar . He is now the former Syrian president , because he is a criminal and he is killing the Syrian people . " Syrian government authorities said al-Fares has been "  relieved of his duties . " Al-Fares is the second high-profile Sunni official to break with the regime in a week . Manaf Tlas , a Republican Guard brigadier general and the son of a former defense minister , defected last week to protest the killing of civilians by government forces . The moves might be a sign that Sunni allies of the Alawite-dominated regime are displeased with the government 's fierce crackdown on an opposition dominated by Sunnis . According to the official Syrian Arab News Agency , al-Fares was sworn in as Syrian ambassador to Iraq in 2008 . Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said al-Fares went to the Gulf Arab state of Qatar , Iraqi state TV reported . The Qatari government has been sharply critical of al-Assad 's regime . Al-Fares "  made statements contrary to his job duty to defend the positions of the country and its issues , which requires legal accountability and discipline , " the Syrian Foreign Ministry said in a statement . The statement said he "  no longer has anything to do " with the Syrian Embassy in Baghdad or the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Syria 's detached and deluded elite ? Al-Fares also announced his defection from the ruling Baath party , becoming the most senior member to leave . He is from Deir Ezzor , the eastern province that has been hammered lately by Syrian forces , and hails from a tribe along the Syrian-Iraqi border . "  To my brothers in the military , your military doctrine is to defend the homeland against external aggression and protect its borders , " al-Fares said in a video statement given to the TV network Al Jazeera Arabic . It was unclear when the video was shot . "  So did your fathers , sons and sisters become the enemies now ? And are they the ones who you should fight ? Is that what you have learned in your military schools ? " Al-Fares said he was joining the revolution and called the government "  malicious " and "  the killer of the people . " The conflict in Syria has raged for 16 months , defying international peace efforts and leaving world leaders scrambling to find a solution . Venezuelan diesel shipments to Syria fuel controversy Al-Assad 's bloody crackdown on the opposition has sparked international outrage , but he still enjoys the support of allies such as Russia , Iran and China . Russia and China , which are permanent U.N. Security Council members , have vetoed council draft resolutions that would have condemned the Syrian regime . Many other nations said such resolutions could have pushed al-Assad to stop the crackdown on dissidents seeking his ouster . Meeting in private , the Security Council on Thursday discussed dueling draft resolutions on Syria . Ambassadors remain at odds primarily over whether a Western-backed resolution should invoke Chapter 7 of the U.N. charter , which could authorize sanctions and ultimately lead to an authorization of the use of force . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday she is hopeful that Russia will back a "  serious " measure in the Security Council . But Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said his government dislikes a recent council draft resolution from Western nations . "  We have stated repeatedly that Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter is unacceptable to us , " Gatilov said , according to state-run RIA Novosti . "  Using the resolution to justify the use of force in the future is absolutely unacceptable to us . " German U.N. Ambassador Peter Wittig described the talks as "  good , calm and focused , " but noted the disagreement over Chapter 7 . Chinese and Russian delegates told reporters before the meeting that invoking Chapter 7 would not be acceptable . Asked about the meeting , French Ambassador Gerard Araud said , "  Before , we were 10 miles apart ; now , we are 10 miles less five centimeters . " The discussions at the ambassador level were to resume Friday afternoon . A vote on whether to renew the mandate for the 300-person U.N. observer force in Syria is at the heart of the discussions . The current mandate expires July 20 . Security Council President Nestor Osorio of Colombia said a "  reference to Chapter 7 is just trying to put real material into Kofi Annan 's plan . " Annan , the former U.N. secretary-general who is now an international U.N. and Arab League envoy to Syria , told the council Wednesday from Geneva that he needed the threat of consequences to win more cooperation inside Syria . His six-point peace plan has failed to win support by all sides . Opposition groups say more than 15,000 people have died since the violence began in March 2011 . Syrian ambassador to Iraq joins revolt , urges military to turn on regime CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Richard Roth , Teresa Shen , Yousuf Basil , Salma Abdelaziz , Joe Sterling , Caroline Faraj and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	287 deaths mark the bloodiest day in the 16-month-old uprising , LCC says Witnesses say Tremseh was shelled for seven hours , then tanks entered the village Many residents were shot when they fled their homes into the streets , activists say
Washington  CNN  -- The Army private charged with leaking an airstrike video and downloading documents remained in solitary confinement Saturday . Military officials told CNN that Pfc. Bradley Manning is also the prime suspect in the latest leak of documents to the WikiLeaks website . Manning was routinely processed Thursday at the Quantico detention facility , a military spokesman said Friday . Manning arrived at 9:30 p.m. Thursday and was given a physical exam and medical screenings , according to Lt. Col. Rob Manning  not related  of the Military District of Washington . The suspect is in solitary confinement and is being observed in accordance with normal operating procedures , the spokesman said . Manning 's legal future is complex . He has already been charged with leaking a 2007 airstrike video and downloading documents from classified military systems . And he is suspected in the latest leak of thousands of Afghanistan field reports to the Wikileaks.org website . Julian Assange , WikiLeaks founder , has declined to say where his whistle-blower website got about 91,000 U.S. documents about the war . About 76,000 of them were posted on the site Sunday in what has been called the biggest leak since the Pentagon Papers about the Vietnam War . The documents are divided into more than 100 categories and touch on everything from the hunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to Afghan civilian deaths resulting from U.S. military actions . Thousands of pages of reports document attacks on U.S. troops and their responses , relations between Americans in the field and their Afghan allies , intramural squabbles among Afghan civilians and security forces , and concerns about neighboring Pakistan 's ties to the Taliban . Manning could go before a military judge in August in Washington , but given the complexity of the case it could likely be delayed , the military official said . Investigators are gathering evidence on the initial charges , which they will present to a military judge who will approve a court martial if the case adds up , the military official said . Manning , the military spokesman , said no hearing dates have been set , as the uniformed code of military justice is a "  very deliberate process . " All parties are working to assure that the private 's rights are protected , he added . Requests for comment from Manning 's attorney , Capt. Paul Bouchard , were not returned . The investigation has also been expanded , with the help of the FBI , in the wake of the new leak . The FBI is assisting the Defense Department in the Wikileaks investigation of Manning but remain tight-lipped on what or who they 're looking at or interviewing . On background , one FBI official acknowledges the Bureau is involved in the investigation of potential civilian co-conspirators who may have played a role in the leaking of the classified material . The FBI official says that while Manning would appear in a military court , any civilian , whether a government employee or not and regardless of the charges , would be charged in a U.S. District Court The official on background did refer to FBI involvement in past "  espionage " cases , a signal the FBI is considering whether particular espionage statutes may be applicable in any potential prosecutions of civilians who played a role in the leak . The official gave no indication whether WikiLeaks or Julian Assange are under investigation .	Pfc. Bradley Manning is in solitary confinement Military officials processed Manning at Quantico Thursday Manning is the prime suspect in the WikiLeaks incident , according to military officials
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A priest who assisted Monsignor William Lynn investigate clergy sex abuse claims testified Tuesday that it was not the archdiocese 's policy to contact law enforcement or other victims of abuse . "  Our legal counsel said there was not a requirement to report , " Monsignor Michael McCulken told jurors . The defense called its first three witnesses Tuesday in the child sexual abuse and conspiracy trial of two Philadelphia priests , after the prosecution rested last week . On trial are the Rev. James Brennan , who is accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old , and Monsignor William Lynn , who is accused of knowingly allowing dangerous priests to continue in the ministry in roles in which they had access to children . Lynn is the first high-ranking church figure charged with child endangerment for allegedly shuffling predator priests from parish to parish . Defrocked priest Edward Avery was due to also go on trial with Brennan and Lynn , but pleaded guilty in March to involuntary sexual deviate sexual intercourse after admitting to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-1999 school year at St. Jerome Parish . Lynn , who was the secretary for clergy under former Philadelphia Archbishop Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua , is accused of knowingly allowing Avery and Brennan access to children despite allegations of sexual abuse of minors . From 1992 until 2004 , Lynn was responsible for investigating reports that priests had sexually abused children . Both Brennan and Lynn have pleaded not guilty . Also taking the witness stand was Monsignor William Beisel , who was Lynn 's assistant from 1993-1994 . Beisel and Lynn drafted an infamous list of 35 priests suspected of sexually abusing children Beisel told jurors that he and Lynn reviewed the files of priests accused of sexual misconduct to draft the list . "  We did this after 5 o'clock . It seemed like forever , but took about two weeks , " he said . "  I was happy the project was over . " The list was later found inside a locked safe that was drilled open in 2006 . Still , the list of 35 Catholic priests accused or found guilty of sexual misconduct , plus a memo ordering the shredding of the list of priests plus other personnel documents , did not come to light until February . Although Beisel remembered penning the list , he confirmed for jurors that he told the grand jury in 2004 , "  I do n't recall seeing a priest that was guilty of sexual misconduct . " Included on the list was defrocked priest Avery , categorized as "  guilty of sexual misconduct with a minor . " Avery , 69 , was sentenced to two-and-a-half to five years in prison after his guilty plea . "  Are you trying to help your friend ? " Assistant District Attorney Patrick Blessington asked Beisel . "  Am I trying to help my friend ? No . I 'm trying to help get to the truth , " Beisel said , adding that he left his position as Lynn 's assistant because he "  did not like the job . " Two separate grand jury reports accused the archdiocese of failing to investigate claims of sexual abuse of children by priests . A 2011 report led the Philadelphia district attorney 's office to criminally charge four Philadelphia priests and a parochial school teacher with raping and assaulting boys in their care , while Lynn was accused of allowing the abusive priests to have access to children . On May 4 , Archbishop Charles J. Chaput announced resolutions to eight of the 26 cases of priests on administrative leave as a result of the February 2011 grand jury report . Yet , the archdiocese announced Sunday it ousted two priests -- not connected to those cases -- due to allegations of sexual abuse of minors . The trial represents the first time that U.S. prosecutors have charged not just the priests who allegedly committed the abuses , but an official who stands accused of failing to stop the assaults . Lynn had been responsible from 1992 until 2004 for investigating reports that priests had sexually abused children . A gag order barring all parties involved in the criminal case from talking to the media imposed by a Philadelphia judge remains in effect .	"  Our legal counsel said there was not a requirement to report , " priest tells jurors Two Philadelphia priests are on trial The Rev. James Brennan is accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old Monsignor William Lynn is accused of allowing dangerous priests to continue in ministry
CNN  -- U.S. President Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced Wednesday that their countries will soon begin negotiations on reducing their nuclear arsenals , according to a joint statement from the two leaders . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and President Obama talk Wednesday in London ahead of the G-20 . The announcement came after Obama and Medvedev met in London ahead of Thursday 's G-20 summit . The statement said the two leaders agreed that the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty on the Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms -- which expires in December -- "  has completely fulfilled its intended purpose and that the maximum levels for strategic offensive arms recorded in the treaty were reached long ago . " "  They have therefore decided to move further along the path of reducing and limiting strategic offensive arms in accordance with U.S. and Russian obligations under Article VI of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , " the joint statement said . Watch Obama and Medvedev meet " Negotiators from both countries will soon begin talks "  to work out a new , comprehensive , legally binding agreement on reducing and limiting strategic offensive arms to replace the START Treaty , " the statement said . Earlier , two senior Obama administration officials said another goal of the president 's meeting with Medvedev was to set a date for a U.S.-Russian summit in Moscow , Russia , this summer . The joint statement said negotiators from both countries would report their progress on working out the new nuclear arsenal reduction agreement by July . "  The new agreement will mutually enhance the security of the parties and predictability and stability in strategic offensive forces , and will include effective verification measures drawn from the experience of the parties in implementing the START Treaty , " the statement said . In a joint news conference Wednesday with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -- ahead of his talks with Medvedev -- Obama emphasized that Russia and the United States also have a common interest in "  reducing nuclear stockpiles and promoting nuclear non-proliferation " across the world . Watch Obama , Brown statement ahead of world stage " "  One of the things I have always believed strongly is that both the United States and Russia and other nuclear powers will be in a much stronger position to strengthen what has become a somewhat fragile thread-bare nonproliferation treaty if we are leading by example and if we can take serious steps to reduce the nuclear arsenal , " Obama said . "  I think people on both sides of the Atlantic understand that as much as the constant cloud , the threat of nuclear warfare has receded since the Cold War , that the presence of these deadly weapons , their proliferation , the possibility of them finding their way into the hands of terrorists , continues to be the gravest threat to humanity . What better project to start off than seeing if we can make progress on that front . I think we can . " The U.S. president said there 's been a rift in the past several years in the U.S.-Russian relationship . "  There are very real differences between the United States and Russia , and I have no interest in papering those over . But there are also a broad set of common interests that we can pursue " and "  great potential for concerted action , " Obama said . Watch how U.S. and Russia plan to reset relations " Along with the nuclear issue , Obama said , the countries "  have an interest in stabilizing the world economy . Both countries have an interest in finding a sustainable path for energy and dealing with some of the threats climate change that we discussed . " Also on Wednesday , the White House released a statement saying that Obama will visit China this year . Obama met Chinese President Hu Jintao as world leaders gathered in London for Thursday 's G-20 summit . Watch an assessment of Obama 's first G-20 summit " The two agreed to set up a high-level strategic and economic dialogue chaired by Cabinet-level representatives -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner for the United States , and State Councilor Dai Bingguo and Vice Premier Wang Qishan for China . Obama and Hu appear to have deferred the question of human rights , one of the greatest points of friction between the two sides . "  The two sides agreed to resume the human rights dialogue as soon as possible , " the White House statement said . China did not immediately confirm the details of the U.S. announcement . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Nuclear talks announcement with Russia comes ahead of G-20 summit Joint statement : "  New agreement will mutually enhance security of the parties " Presidential meeting also aimed to set up U.S.-Russian summit in Moscow White House : Obama will visit China and "  resume the human rights dialogue "
RS.com  -- Two months after entering the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Kiss will begin celebrating their 40th anniversary with a co-headlining trek with Def Leppard . The bands have not shared a bill with one another before , but beginning in late June , the hard rockers will be weaving circles across the United States , going from Utah to Texas with gigs on each coast . Tickets for the concerts go on sale March 21 or March 22 , depending on the venue . Kiss ' long road to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in photos Def Leppard 's Joe Elliott told USA Today that he had first discussed the idea of touring with Kiss with Gene Simmons when the two musicians played together as part of the Rock 'N' Roll All Stars -- a supergroup that also contained current and former members of Guns N ' Roses , the Cult , Alice in Chains and more , and toured Latin and South America last year . "  It 's finally happened , which is fantastic , " Elliott said . "  We 've run into each other at festivals , " Kiss vocalist-guitarist Paul Stanley said , explaining the team-up . "  It just seemed to be a natural fit . " Gene Simmons once had to talk Eddie Van Halen out of joining Kiss To help celebrate their anniversary , Kiss has planned a series of 180-gram vinyl reissues of their catalog . The first batch -- 10 records , including their first four LPs and celebrated "  Alive ! Live " record , among others -- will hit record stores on April 1 . Two more batches will arrive in May , including the first vinyl pressings of "  Psycho Circus " and a "  concept album sequence " edition of "  Music From the Elder . " The final collection will come out on June 24 and include "  Alive II " and each member 's '70s solo album . Def Leppard , for their part , told USA Today that they have been writing new music . "  We all camped out at my house last month and wrote songs , which you will hear none of this summer , " Elliott said . Guitarist Phil Collen estimated a new album would come out next year . Kiss ' Paul Stanley likens other rockers ' memoirs to toilet paper Here are Kiss and Def Leppard 's joint tour dates : 6/23 West Valley City , UT - USANA Amphitheater 6/25 Denver , CO - Pepsi Center 6/27 Ridgefield , WA - Sleep Country Amphitheater 6/29 Auburn , WA - White River Amphitheatre 7/2 Concord , CA - Concord Pavilion 7/3 Wheatland , CA - Sleep Train Amphitheatre 7/5 Irvine , CA - Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre 7/6 Chula Vista , CA - Sleep Train Amphitheatre 7/8 Los Angeles , CA - The Forum 7/9 Phoenix , AZ - Ak-Chin Pavilion 7/12 Austin , TX - Austin360 Amphitheater 7/13 Dallas , TX - Gexa Energy Pavilion 7/15 Cincinnati , OH - Riverbend Music Center 7/16 Nashville , TN - Bridgestone Arena 7/18 Atlanta , GA - Aaron 's Amphitheatre at Lakewood 7/19 Charlotte , NC - PNC Music Pavilion 7/20 Raleigh , NC - Walnut Creek Amphitheatre 7/22 West Palm Beach , FL - Cruzan Amphitheatre 7/23 Tampa , FL - MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre 7/25 Bristow , VA - Jiffy Lube Live 7/26 Holmdel , NJ - PNC Bank Arts Center 8/1 Mansfield , MA - Xfinity Center 8/2 Atlantic City , NJ - Boardwalk Hall 8/3 Camden , NJ - Susquehanna Bank Center 8/5 Saratoga Springs , NY - Saratoga Performing Arts Center 8/6 Wantagh , NY - Nikon At Jones Beach Theatre 8/8 Virginia Beach , VA - Farm Bureau Live at Virginia Beach 8/9 Scranton , PA - Pavilion at Montage Mountain 8/10 Hartford , CT - Xfinity Theatre 8/12 Toronto , ON - Molson Canadian Amphitheatre 8/13 Darien , NY - Darien Lake Performing Arts Center 8/15 East Troy , WI - Alpine Valley Music Theatre 8/16 Tinley Park , IL - First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre 8/17 Minneapolis , MN - Target Center 8/20 Des Moines , IA - Wells Fargo Arena 8/22 Noblesville , IN - Klipsch Music Center 8/23 Clarkston , MI - DTE Energy Music Theatre 8/24 Burgettstown , PA - First Niagara Pavilion 8/26 Cuyahoga Falls , OH - Blossom Music Center 8/28 Maryland Heights , MO - Verizon Wireless Amphitheater 8/29 Tulsa , OK - BOK Center 8/31 Woodlands , TX - Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Beginning in late June , Kiss and Def Leppard will tour the U.S. Tickets for the concerts go on sale March 21 and March 22 Kiss ' Paul Stanley said the pairing seemed to be "  a natural fit "
