CNN  -- There was a pretty epic party on Wednesday night . You probably were n't there . But do n't take it personally . We ca n't all be awesome . Naturally , of course , I was present , showing up casually late because it 's what awesome people do at epic parties . That , and defile the mashed potatoes . Granted , this particular epic party was held on Twitter . And it was hosted by CVS . And , technically , everybody was invited . Thus , I 'm suddenly now beginning to question my awesomeness . Me : "  Am I awesome ? " Me : "  Not really . " Me : "  I appreciate your honesty . " Me : "  Whatever , nerd . " OK , so maybe it 's not Ibiza , but there was a popular online party hosted by the CVS Beauty Club to promote the pharmacy 's cosmetic offerings via social media . And for a good hour or so during the big digital soiree , the hashtag was a leading trend . Hurrah ! Victory for the marketing department ! Treat yourself to some hooker makeup . Seriously . That section exists , right ? Not surprisingly , however , a random dude eventually entered the conversation and was instantly confused . @TheClassyMan wrote : "  This is a joke right ? " Not a joke . CVS really managed to get people talking about and participating in their virtual Twitter party , which is pretty amazing . But how exactly does something like this work ? Basically , I guess a Twitter party is just like any other party . People talk . Strangers mingle . Except there 's no guacamole , and if you happen to do a keg stand , it 's not because everybody else was doing one . It 's because you 're a degenerate alcoholic . "  Wooooo ! Thirty seconds ! I rule ! And now I have to fold the laundry ... and do other stuff because I 'm home alone with my computer ... drinking ... from a keg . Woooooo . " Personally speaking , the most appealing aspect of a digital Twitter party is that I only have 140 characters to completely embarrass myself . Which , I suppose , is quite more than enough . "  Hi . I 'm Jarrett . I use Beano . " See ? Minimal damage . But let 's get back to this beauty club . Essentially , anyone can join for free to get periodic discounts and rewards on various CVS cosmetics . The online information was n't exactly clear , though , as to whether Beano qualifies . Its inclusion , however , more or less determines my interest in signing up . Maybe . I 'm all about discounts and Twitter parties and Beano and maybe even a touch of mascara when I 'm feeling pretty , but I 'm not exactly sure this is qualifies as a "  club . " Clubs have to have standards , and I simply ca n't appreciate any exclusive organization that does n't charge excessive dues and/or base one 's membership on blatant superficiality . That 's why back in the day I joined a fraternity . Best friends money could buy ! Look , I know I did n't offer the American University chapter of Delta Chi anything in terms of social status , and I 'm pretty sure I lowered their overall combined GPA by at least a full point , but I was more than willing to pay the yearly fees . And as a bonus , I could pretty easily be talked into running around the party wearing nothing but a strategically placed sock . Had there been cell phone cameras in the late 90s , I 'd currently be living in Mongolia . At the CVS Beauty Club , there are no initiation fees . No dues . And technically , I suppose , even Nick Nolte could join . It 's that easy . But for those of us who do n't use cosmetics or , at the very least , are n't planning on going to the Gathering of the Juggalos , there 's probably no real need to apply . We 're fine the way we are . Perfect fives . Unless , of course , you really just want to experiment with ointments and colors and masks . In which case , by all means join the CVS Beauty Club and start saving . Hell , go nuts ! Treat yourself to some hooker makeup .	In "  Apparently This Matters , " Jarrett Bellini tackles trending social-media topics This week , he crashes the CVS Beauty Club 's Twitter party Yes , that was really a thing You can join even if you 're not a Juggalo -- or a hooker
CNN  -- It is an imposing property . The World One towers over the coastline on a 17 acre site in the heart of the prime district of Upper Worli , Mumbai . As the sun started to set on our video shoot , the view of the Arabian Sea became hazy after our climb to the highest floor under intense construction . The haze is a good analogy for the economic and political climate in India overall , which is holding back demand in the property sector . This was evident in our visit in and around the financial capital of Mumbai . There is a problem at the core of India right now and that is growth , being held back by infrastructure which is clearly not keeping pace with the needs of the private sector . "  I think Mumbai is suffering today from the way the infrastructure is , " Abhisheck Lodha , managing director of the company behind the World One project , told me from the base of the residential towers . He said the government has made an effort over the past five years to improve the climate , but the last 50 years have be witness to woeful underinvestment . Read more : Move over Bollywood , Mumbai has a new star "  We need to see this kind of governance for another five to ten years for Mumbai to really realize its peak , so people can work not in spite of the infrastructure instead of because of it , " Lodha said . Persis Khambatta , a Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , in a recent analysis said it is time to deal with "  structural issues that are well-known to afflict the economy " . She talks of training as a key priority . The government target is to train a half billion of the country 's youth in less than ten years . That is a tall order in a climate of slowing growth . It is difficult to see industry expanding while the economic climate remains so uncertain and with national elections set for the spring of 2014 . Quarterly growth at the end of September edged down to 4.8 % hovering at the slowest pace in a decade . The World Bank lowered its forecast for fiscal year 2013-2014 , which ends in March , to 4.7 % . We are seeing a nasty combination of rising inflation , over 11 % in November , and sluggish production which actually contracted in the month of October . The Reserve Bank of India is raising interest rates to cap price rises but that of course will not help business nor boost demand for both luxury properties and the rise of new cities in suburbs of Mumbai and Delhi . Read more : The world 's most expensive luxury properties For those of us on the ground , it was abundantly clear that productivity is being lost hour by hour to the creaking infrastructure . Overpasses seem to be absent and the ride out to the satellite cities in Mumbai is exhausting due to a steady stream of potholes in the roadways . Industry is moving out to locations where costs are lower , leaving the center of Mumbai to high end services and finance . The next wave of investment , strategists and developers agree needs to address the "  bits in between " . An economy can not thrive without clear arteries to commerce and for Mumbai at least , they remain clogged .	Defterios : Lack of infrastructure is holding back private sector Difficult for industry to expand in uncertain economic climate Industry in Mumbai is leaving the city to cheaper locations Strategists and developers need to address the ` bits in between '
CNN  -- Three decades ago Chinese leaders unleashed a series of economic reforms that helped lift millions of people out of poverty and transform the Asian country into an industrial powerhouse with a mighty foreign reserve arsenal . The transition , however , was far from smooth . "  Particularly the first 10 years , it was really tough and hard , " explains Zhong Jianhua , China 's special representative on African Affairs . "  So many businesses , factories , go  into  bankruptcy , millions of workers were being redundant or unemployed . " Before becoming today 's economic behemoth , China was mainly an agricultural economy that boasted huge reserves of natural resources -- quite similar to many parts of Africa . So are there any lessons that African countries can learn from China as they bid to boost their economies and achieve their development goals ? According to Zhong , long-term economic success does n't come without short-term cost , and that is the message he is keen to get across to African leaders . "  When we introduce our experience to African countries , on one side we need to say what you should do and need to do , and probably on the other side we should emphasize what you could expect . " CNN 's Robyn Curnow spoke to Zhong about trade , investment and what lessons can Africa learn from China 's rise to a superpower . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : What can China teach Africa ? Zhong Jianhua : I can tell you a lot of things about what happened in China , what we have learned and what we experienced . Personally I think that probably for the last few years when we try to impress people that we are successful with this open reform policy , we emphasize too much on what we have achieved . Obama 's goal in Africa : Counter China This is good because you need to prove you are successful but I think a little bit thing that 's being ignored is how much we 've paid for that . And if you are ignoring the price you pay for this kind of success , and particularly for African countries , if they understood that ` you Chinese have some tricks , teach me the trick and then I will be as rich as you are ' and then we , particularly myself , look back and say "  Geez , these 30 years how did we experience that ? " Particularly the first 10 years it was really tough and hard ; so many businesses , factories , go  into  bankruptcy , millions of workers were being redundant or unemployed . So probably when we introduce our experience to African countries , on one side we need to say what you should do and need to do , and probably on the other side we should emphasize what you could expect . CNN : Do you think African leaders are ready , willing and able to make those sacrifices ? ZJ : I will not answer on their behalf ; I would rather let them to answer that . But what we can contribute is to share what we have experienced . This could possibly happen anywhere if you want to have a reform . I think African countries , if they want to reform the structure of the economy , want to come forward and to become developed , this kind of challenge probably will come to them sooner or later . Read this : Can China transform Africa ? CNN : China in many ways is part of this reform in Africa , a relationship that is becoming more criticized . Nigeria 's Central Bank governor wrote , for example , recently that China 's relationship with Africa whiffs of colonialism . ZJ : I fully understand him . I think he has the reason to be anxious , sometimes be angry . But I say that do n't jump to the conclusion so easily . Colonialism is a heavy word ; when I think about colonialism I think about the six cents a barrel of oil being exported from this continent , leaving this continent with only poverty . But now what 's happening is changing this whole continent . Because with the commodity trade with the world , it can generate its own development and foundation for infrastructure . This is the change , it 's happening . Read this : Obama ` plays catch up ' in Africa But I really admire the governor for his courage to say in his article that "  we need to compete with China . " This is something I see as a very bright point in his article because I think eventually African people should be confident enough to stand up , to compete with any country of the world . Without that kind of competition Africa can never develop itself and I always say that there is no loser in this competition ; everyone benefits from this kind of competition because this competition means development . I think the same thing will happen in Africa . I 'm glad to see that ; our opportunity is to help them to compete with us , to help them win this competition . That 's the future ; it 's called a win-win situation . CNN : So what does China want from Africa ? ZJ : We want a more prosperous world ; without that China can not develop itself . What the more prosperous world means is to lift this continent out of poverty . Repeat what happened in China ; -LSB- a -RSB- repeat -LSB- of -RSB- what happened in China benefits Africa , and China itself will also benefit from that .	Zhong Jianhua is China 's special representative on African Affairs Africa will have to face short-term pain for long-term economic gain , he says Zhong says lifting Africa out of poverty will help China develop itself
New York  CNN  -- Former NBA star Jayson Williams pleaded guilty to aggravated assault Monday in the 2002 shooting death of his chauffeur , according to the New Jersey Attorney General 's Office . Under the plea deal , Williams faces a mandatory sentence of 18 months in prison without the possibility of parole . Williams was scheduled to be retried on a manslaughter charge stemming from the shooting death of limousine driver Costas Christofi . Sentencing for Williams is scheduled for February 23 . Prosecutors said they will recommend that Williams be sentenced to five years in prison on four charges of attempting to cover up the fatal shooting . He was convicted of those charges in 2004 . Williams was tried in 2004 on eight counts , including aggravated manslaughter . A jury acquitted him of three of the more serious shooting counts , found him guilty on four "  coverup " charges , and was unable to reach a decision on the second count of reckless manslaughter . The trial judge , Edward Coleman , declared a mistrial on that count , and the state decided to move forward with a retrial on that charge . Williams is free on $ 250,000 bail with conditions that require him to check in daily with probation officers and not consume alcohol . Williams recently filed a motion to dismiss the charge on which he was to have been retried , arguing that it constituted double jeopardy because the same evidence used at his first trial would be presented at the retrial . However a three-judge appellate panel agreed with Coleman 's reasoning that "  this is n't really a second prosecution , it is a continuation of the same prosecution . " Christofi was shot to death on February 14 , 2002 , in the bedroom of Williams ' plush New Jersey estate . The 55-year-old driver had been hired to drive the former New Jersey Net and several friends to dinner after a sporting event in Pennsylvania . Afterward the group , including four members of the Harlem Globetrotters team , went back to Williams ' home . The prosecution contended that Williams was recklessly handling a 12-gauge shotgun when it discharged and that he and two others tried to make it look as if Christofi had shot himself . In January 2003 , Williams paid Christofi 's family $ 2.75 million to settle a wrongful death lawsuit . Williams , who retired about 10 years ago because of a leg injury , played nine seasons with the Philadelphia 76ers and New Jersey Nets . During his basketball career , Williams was known for his rebounding skills . He averaged 8 points and 12 rebounds per game for the 30 games he played in the 1998-1999 season , according to the National Basketball Association 's Web site . Last week , in an unrelated case , authorities charged Williams with one count each of operating a vehicle while intoxicated and operating a vehicle while impaired , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office told CNN . Those charges allege that Williams was driving a black Mercedes sport utility vehicle fast when he hit a tree at 3:15 a.m. , a New York police spokesman said . William 's bail was set at $ 10,000 and he was ordered by Judge Melissa Jackson to wear a monitoring bracelet . Calls to Williams ' attorney were not immediately returned .	Williams pleads guilty to aggravated assault in shooting death of his chauffeur Former NBA star must serve 18 months without parole under plea deal Sentencing set for February 23 Prosecutors want five-year sentence on other charges of trying to cover up shooting
CNN  -- Hosts Angola were denied victory by an incredible Mali comeback to force a 4-4 draw in the opening match of the troubled Africa Cup of Nations in Luanda on Sunday . Angola appeared headed for an emphatic victory when they led 4-0 with only 16 minutes remaining before Mali produced one of the most remarkable recoveries in the history of the competitive football . Barcelona 's Seydou Keita with a double , a brilliant Frederic Kanoute header and finally , deep into injury time , the equalizer from substitute Mustapha Yatabare completed the great escape . The dramatic match went ahead against the tragic backdrop of the murderous machine gun attack on the Togo team bus in Cabinda on Friday , which left two dead and several injured . Angolan president Jose Eduardo dos Santos issued a rallying call in his speech to mark the official opening of the competition , which was attended by several heads of state , including South Africa 's Jakob Zuma whose country hosts the World Cup finals later this year . "  Despite the terrorist attack , Cabinda will remain a hosting city , " he said . "  There is no need to be afraid . " After the speeches and fireworks , Angola proceeded to do their country proud with a dominant first half perfomance against a desperately disappointing Mali side , who were one of the pre-tournament favorites . Flavio Armado put them two ahead by the break with headed goals in the 36th and 42nd minutes . Mali pressed hard at the start of the second half with their captain Mahamadou Diarra denied by a point-blank save , but their efforts were undermined when they conceded a 65th minute penalty which Gilberto converted at the second attempt . Gilberto was then brought down by Keita to concede another soft penalty and Manucho slotted home the fourth to send the home fans in the 11th of November stadium wild with delight . Their appeared little danger when Keita scrambled the ball home in the 79th minute from a corner and alarm bells were still to ring when Sevilla striker Kanoute at last showed his quality with an 88th-minute second goal . But Keita struck a third on the stroke of nomal time and with Angola 's defense in total disarray it was left to Yatabare to make a name for himself with the leveler .	Hosts Angola and Mali draw 4-4 in opening match of 27th Africa Cup of Nations Mali trailed 4-0 with 16 minutes left until mounting an incredible comeback Seydou Keita with a double , Frederic Kanoute and Mustapha Yatabare score Mali goals Flavio Armado with a double and penalties from Gilberto and Manucho put Angola in command
CNN  -- A long-held wish for fans of Marvel 's Deadpool is finally coming true . According to studio 20th Century Fox , the comic book star will arrive in theaters with a movie of his own on February 12 , 2016 . This is the newest Marvel mutant to star in his own project , but he 's not exactly a typical comic book hero . Deadpool 's known as "  the merc with a mouth , " a mercenary with a sarcastic sense of humor who racks up a hefty body count and routinely breaks the fourth wall in his comics . Fans expect the upcoming film will have to be rated "  R " to do the chatty , wisecracking , sociopathic character justice . Deadpool has appeared on screen before ; in 2009 , he was played by a combination of Ryan Reynolds and Scott Adkins in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " Reynolds actually did some filming as the character a few years ago , and the footage leaked online right around the 2014 San Diego Comic-Con , which was held in July . The teaser clip definitely indicates that the film is n't for everyone , but it 's been viewed more than 700,000 times . Reynolds has n't been officially announced as the lead , but he 's been so closely identified with the character it 's almost assumed he will get the part . In an interview during the recent Toronto Film Festival , he 's quoted as crediting the Internet reaction to the leaked footage as giving this project the push it needed . "  The movie has been in a state of limbo for a while , " Reynolds told The Niagara Falls Review . "  There was such an overpowering reaction to the footage , you sort of feel like , ` Oh , so we were n't crazy for our reasons for loving this character , for loving this role . ' It 's interesting to see the power of the Internet . It 's awe-inspiring , actually . " He was n't the only one who felt that way . One of the film 's writers , Rhett Reese , actively tried to whip up fans online getting more than 50,000 people to retweet a call to support the movie . Now that Fox has announced the film , he thanked everyone with a tweet of celebration .	Studio 20th Century Fox confirms a "  Deadpool " movie is on the way The Marvel hero is n't exactly typical Fans believe the movie would need an "  R " rating to do the character justice It 's slated for release on February 12 , 2016
HIMACHAL PRADESH , India  CNN  -- Amar and Kundan Singh Pundir are brothers . Younger brother Amar breaks rocks in a mine for a living . Kundan farms their small piece of inherited land . They live in a beautiful but remote hillside village in the clouds of Himachal Pradesh , India . Kundar Singh Pundir , left , and his brother Amar , right , share Indira Devi , centre , as their wife . Both aged in their forties , the two brothers have lived together nearly their whole lives . They are poor and share just about everything : Their home , their work and a wife . "  See we have a tradition from the beginning to have a family of five to 10 people . Two brothers and one wife . " Kundan says . They practice what is known as fraternal polyandry -- where the brothers of one family marry the same woman . Why ? Tradition and economics . Life is hard here . The village is precariously perched on the side of a very steep hill about 6,000 ft up . Most of the villagers survive off tiny plots of cropland . In this difficult terrain there is n't enough land to go around . So , instead of finding separate wives and splitting up their inherited property , the brothers marry the same woman and keep their land together . Wife Indira Devi says life with two husbands is n't easy . "  We fight a lot . " But like any married couple they fight mostly over mundane stuff , except there are three spouses instead of two . "  Usually it 's about chores , why did n't you do this ? Why did n't you do that ? " she says . Watch Sara Sidner 's interview with the brothers " One thing they agreed on was the need to have children ; They have three . So how does a married trio deal with sex ? "  We make shifts , change shifts and sleep on alternate days . We have to make shifts otherwise it wo n't work , " Kundan says . "  To run our families we have to do this , overcome the hurdles as well and then we have to control our hearts from feeling too much , " Amar adds . To outsiders their arrangement may seem odd , but in the village of about 200 it is the norm . Typically the marriages are arranged and women have two husbands . But some wives have three or four depending on how many brothers there are in a family . Polyandry is illegal in India but socially acceptable here . No one from the government seems to bother the villagers about the law . "  It 's been going on for ages . My sister in law has two husbands , my mother in law also has two husbands , " Indira says . And as to the question of which husband is the biological father of the children -- the Pundir 's do n't know and do n't care . "  For me everyone is the same , my mother and my fathers are the same . My mother and my fathers are like God to me , " 17-year old daughter Sunita Singh Pundir says . Even as modern society arrives in this ancient village through satellite dishes and mobile phones , the Pundirs say they want their age-old tradition to continue with their children . "  Absolutely , " eldest son Sohna says . He and his younger brother have already discussed it and will marry the same woman . Daughter Sunita is n't so sure . "  I would like one husband , " she says . But when asked if she will marry for love or tradition , Sunita 's answer makes it clear the tradition of marrying more than one man will continue with the next generation . "  I will never leave our tradition even if I have to forgo love . I will never spoil my parents ' reputation and my brothers . ' "	Amar and Kundan Singh Pundir are brothers who share a wife The brothers have married the same woman to ensure their land is n't divided Practice is illegal in India but common in their mountain village
Editor 's note : This post was created as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- There 's probably no wrong way to ask the person you love to spend the rest of their life with you . There are , however , some methods that are way more awesome than others . When it comes popping the question , a special few went above and beyond to prove their love not only to their significant others , but to the world . A recent viral proposal video starring Zach Braff was so adorable we decided to dig through the vault and find some of our favorites from over the years . If you are reading this on mobile or some outdated browser , click here instead . .	Some go above and beyond to prove their love to significant others , everyone else Zach Braff stars in man 's proposal video Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's point person for Obamacare implementation faced her critics on Capitol Hill on Wednesday , testifying under oath before the House Energy and Commerce Committee . Here 's what we learned from Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ' 3Â 1/2 - hour hearing : Highlights from Sebelius in the hot seat Analysis : Sebelius ' difficult day 1 . The buck stops with Sebelius Republicans repeatedly pushed the secretary to name names as to who was at fault for recent service outages with the government 's online insurance exchange , who made key decisions to delay window-shopping features or who chose to present vague price quotes once that feature was eventually deployed . Sebelius deferred to the software contractor now responsible for overseeing website repairs , QSSI , and to officials at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services . But when asked specifically by Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn who was responsible for the Healthcare.gov "  debacle , " the secretary took responsibility . "  Hold me accountable for the debacle , " Sebelius said . "  I 'm responsible . " Perhaps in an attempt to defray this line of questioning , Sebelius took a cue from CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner 's testimony before the House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday and apologized for problems with the rollout in her opening statement . "  In these early weeks , access to healthcare.gov has been a miserably frustrating experience for way too many Americans , including many who have waited years , in some cases their entire lives for the security of health insurance , " Sebelius said in remarks not included in her prepared testimony released earlier in the week . "  I am as frustrated and angry as anyone with the flawed launch of healthcare.gov . So let me say directly to these Americans , you deserve better . I apologize . I 'm accountable to you for fixing these problems . " 2 . Sebelius tallies up healthcare.gov cost For weeks , independent analysts have pored over contracts issued by HHS in an attempt to determine how much the government spent to develop the failing website . Conservative critics of the new health care law have cited estimates ranging all the way up to $ 600 million , but on Wednesday Sebelius gave Congress a figure . "  We have spent about $ 118 million on the website itself and about $ 56 million has been expended on other IT to support the web , " the secretary said . Sebelius also revealed that there are outstanding obligations to the agency 's primary contractors , CGI Federal and QSSI , and that money will compensate those companies for their assistance in repairing the website . What happens if either contractor fails to fulfill the terms of its contract ? "  There is n't a built-in penalty , " Sebelius said in response to questions about the contracts ' language . "  But I can tell you that paying for work that is n't complete is not something that we will do . " 3 . Even HHS is n't sure how many people have enrolled Echoing Tavenner 's testimony , Sebelius said that the rocky rollout of healthcare.gov will likely result in low enrollment numbers when the administration issues its first data release in mid-November . "  Our projections prior to launch were always that there would be a very small number at the beginning , " Sebelius said . "  We watched the Massachusetts trend , which started slowly and then built . I think there is no question that given our flawed launch of healthcare.gov it will be a very small number . " But Sebelius was pushed by many Republicans as to why she could n't provide any data now . Members asked about call center data , paper applications and attempted enrollments that were thwarted by technical glitches . No matter the context , Sebelius ' answer was the same , "  We do not have any reliable data . " When pushed by Republican Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska to authorize insurance companies to release data from their end , Sebelius said that all of the data that exists was unusable because "  the system is n't functioning . " "  According to the insurance companies who are eager to have customers , they are not getting reliable data all the way through the system , " she said . "  It 's one of the real problems that we have . " 4 . It depends what you mean by ` crash ' At one point on Wednesday , Sebelius raised the ire of Republicans by pushing back against their use of the word "  crash " when talking about the problems with healthcare.gov . "  I would suggest the website has never crashed , " the secretary said . "  It is functional , but at a very slow speed and very low reliability , and has continued to function . " CNNTech : When is a crash not a crash ? Administration warned by contractor a month before launch As many members noted , at the time of those remarks , visitors to the application portion of healthcare.gov were unable to create an account and instead were faced with an error message . "  The system is down at the moment , " the message read . "  We are experiencing technical difficulties and hope to have them resolved soon . Please try again later . " Many might consider limited or no functionality as a "  crash , " but when asked for clarification , HHS spokeswoman Joanne Peters stuck by the secretary 's assertion that the website has never crashed . "  As the secretary says , the site works , " Peters said . "  But it is slow and has a lot of user errors . But even on the first day , some people could get all the way through the system . So it did not crash . If it crashed , it would have been totally down . " While the application portion may have been totally down during Sebelius ' testimony , visitors were still able to access the healthcare.gov homepage , learn about the law and browse plans through the site 's window-shopping feature . Meaning the site was n't totally down . 5 . Sebelius wo n't get an Obamacare card Because of an amendment added to the health care law , members of Congress and their staff must enter the insurance exchange intended for those without employer-provided coverage . Earlier this year , the Office of Personnel Management issued a rule that allows those federal employees entering the exchange to keep the contribution that the federal government currently provides to help cover the costs of insurance . Republican Rep. Cory Gardner of Colorado asked the secretary whether she would join members of Congress and their staff in purchasing insurance on the federal insurance exchange , even though the law did not require her to . After consulting with Office of Health Reform Director Mike Hash , who was seated behind her , Sebelius responded that it would be "  illegal " for her to join the exchange because she receives insurance through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program . "  If I have affordable coverage in my workplace , I 'm not eligible to go into the marketplace , that 's part of the law , " Sebelius said . Is it really ` illegal ' for Sebelius to have Obamacare ? Later , in a somewhat heated exchange with Republican Rep. Billy Long of Missouri , Sebelius repeated that explanation , telling the committee , "  I do n't want to give misinformation to the American public . " "  I think it 's illegal for me to access the marketplace , " she said , before adding , "  I would gladly join the exchange if I did n't have affordable coverage in my workplace . I would gladly join it . " Later , Peters confirmed that it was in fact illegal for Sebelius to join the exchange , but not for the reason she stated . "  Marketplace plans can not be sold to a Medicare enrollee , and the secretary is a Medicare enrollee , " Peters said . If Sebelius , who turned 65 in May , did not have supplemental insurance through Medicare , she would have the option of foregoing her employer-sponsored plan through the FEHB and purchasing insurance on the exchange But because she had affordable insurance available to her , she would be ineligible for federal subsidies regardless of her income , and because the law did not require her to move onto the exchange , the OPM rule would not apply to her -- as it does to members of Congress . More : ` Whatever , ' a frustrated Sebelius says	Sebelius would n't name names on who was responsible for website woes Health and Human Services secretary says about $ 174 million has been spent on website Sebelius maintains HHS does n't have enough ` reliable data ' to say how many have enrolled Definition of website ` crash ' differs between Sebelius , Republicans
During CNN 's "  Going Green : Green Light for Business " coverage , we 've asked businesses to tell us how they balance the imperative for profit with environmental concerns . Jonathan Breeze , the CEO of Jet Republic , tells CNN how he 's working to create a carbon neutral airline . LONDON , England -- The aviation industry is often perceived as one of the bad guys in the climate change debate . As a mode of transport , flying is regarded as being particularly polluting because of the amount of fuel used at high altitude . And , it is estimated to be responsible for around 3.5 percent of global greenhouse emissions . Jet Republic CEO Jonathan Breeze says it would be a mistake to let green initiatives in the airline industry fall by the wayside . The sector 's reputation was damaged further when it was excluded from the targets outlined in the Kyoto agreement , which was interpreted by some as an example of its disregard for the climate change issue . This is unfair because the industry has taken great strides to reduce its environmental impact . For example , over the last 30 years , it has achieved a 60 percent improvement in fuel efficiency . There is a great deal of research being undertaken by manufacturers into more efficient technologies and alternative fuels , while the Single European Sky initiative aims to improve flight planning across Europe to rationalize the amount of time an aircraft is in the sky . Practically everything we do in our everyday lives has a carbon cost attached to it , but aviation is an element that we believe has come in for an undue level of criticism , when in fact it is arguably working harder than most industries to address the issue of climate change . The reaction to this criticism from governments has been taxation . But making a special case of aviation fails to address the wider issues . Aviation fuel is carbon taxed , but why is this tax not applied on other types of fuel such as electricity and gas ? The additional revenue that would be generated could be ploughed back into green energy schemes and help deliver heightened efficiencies that our industry is already investigating . Punitive taxation , which is driving up the cost of air travel , will ultimately end up being absorbed by the operator or by passengers . This , coupled with the current economic downturn , represents a significant threat to progress in the aviation industry as it could lead to a stifling of innovation and development . Meeting the challenge of climate change costs money -- modernizing fleets with more efficient aircraft comes at a price . As an industry which has been hit hard by the downturn , some of these initiatives could fall by the wayside . To allow this to happen would be a grave mistake . We identified climate change as one area where we wanted to set the standard in the industry , and as a new entrant to the market we have been able to build a commitment to carbon neutrality into the heart of our business operations . It was a consideration in our choice of the Learjet 60 XR as the model of aircraft in our 110 strong fleet . The 60 XR is the most fuel-efficient midsize aircraft in the world , something it achieves by being built with light and strong modern materials , and flying higher and faster than other aircraft . It 's a perfect example of a win-win solution . We burn less fuel ; our customers enjoy lower pricing . Aircraft positioning is another important consideration that has an impact on the amount of fuel consumed ; our fleet is based all across Europe , to reflect where our clients are . The positions of our aircraft are carefully planned and managed so that the number of "  over flights " -- that is legs where the aircraft is empty -- are kept to an absolute minimum . We wanted to be 100 percent carbon neutral from launch so we partnered with ClimateCare , one of Europe 's most experienced providers of carbon offsets , where each project is rigorously audited and monitored for quality . By comparison , under the European emissions trading scheme , which does n't take effect until 2012 , commercial airlines will only have to offset 15 percent of the carbon emissions they create . With the impact of aviation on climate change being widely reported , people are more conscious than ever about their carbon footprint when using air travel . While the overwhelming majority have not changed the amount they travel because of it , it is certainly becoming a more important consideration and people are asking more questions before traveling . We have found that our attitude towards mitigating the effect our business has on the environment has actually become a business benefit . Our competitive pricing structure includes a carbon offset charge , which is passed on , in its entirety , to ClimateCare . By acknowledging our responsibilities in the area of climate control and putting tangible measures in place , we have received considerable positive feedback from clients and business partners . We believe that Jet Republic is at the forefront of modern European business . If every company in Europe could run 100 percent carbon neutral , as Jet Republic does , the world would be a better place .	Jet Republic has teamed up with ClimateCare to become carbon neutral Airline chose fleet of Learjet 60 XR partly because of its fuel efficiency Aviation industry is responsible for 3.5 percent of global carbon emissions Breeze : Airline industry unfairly criticized for failing to address climate change
CNN  -- The fear began just after news broke Thursday that a long-range business jet with an isolation pod left the United States for Liberia , where it will evacuate two Americans infected with Ebola . Twitter exploded with questions about the deadly virus , which according to the World Health Organization is believed to have killed hundreds in four West African nations . And with reaction to news that two infected Americans would soon be on their way back to the United States . "  Why are they doing this ? " Robin Hunter asked in a post on Twitter . While U.S. officials have remained mum on the issue , a source told CNN that a medical charter flight left from Cartersville , Georgia , on Thursday evening . A CNN crew saw the plane depart shortly after 5 p.m. ET . The plane matched the description provided by the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity . It was not immediately known when the two Americans -- identified by the source as Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol -- would arrive in the United States , or where the plane would land . At least one of the two will be taken to a hospital at Emory University , near the headquarters of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , hospital officials told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . The patient will be cared for in an isolation unit at the hospital that is separate from patient areas , Gupta said . With the return of Brantly and Writebol to the United States , it will be the first time that patients diagnosed with Ebola will be known to be in the country . Brantly and Writebol are described as being in stable-but-grave conditions , with both reportedly taking a turn for the worse overnight , according to statements released Thursday by the faith-based charity Samaritan 's Purse . No known cure There is no known cure or vaccine for Ebola , which the World Health Organization says is believed to have infected 1,323 people in Guinea , Liberia , Sierra Leone and Nigeria between March and July 27 . Of those suspected cases , it is believed to have been fatal in at least 729 cases , according to the health organization . In the United States , the National Institutes of Health announced it will begin testing an experimental Ebola vaccine in people as early as September . The federal agency has been working on the vaccine over the last few years and says they 've seen positive results when they tested it on primates . The NIH announcement came the same day as the CDC issued a Level 3 alert for Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone , warning against any nonessential travel to the region . As of now , the outbreak has been confined to West Africa . But it could spread via travel , especially since people who have Ebola may not know it ; symptoms usually manifest two to 21 days . The symptoms include fever , headaches , weakness and vomiting , and at an advanced stage there is internal and external bleeding . The Eboloa outbreak is believed to be the worst in history , and even in a best-case scenario , it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa , Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC , told reporters on Thursday . Writebol gets ` experimental serum ' Both Brantly , a 33-year-old who last lived in Texas , and Writebol were caring for Ebola patients in Liberia . An experimental serum was administered to Writebol this week . Only one dose of the serum was available , and Brantly asked that it be given to his colleague , said Franklin Graham , president of Samaritan 's Purse . Samaritan 's Purse said it did not have any additional detail about the serum . At the same time , Brantly received a unit of blood from a 14-year-old boy who survived Ebola , the statement said . Brantly had treated the teen , it said . It was not immediately clear what doctors hoped the blood transfusion would do for Brantly . While blood transfusions have been tried before , Frieden told reporters no one really knows why some people survive and some do n't . There have been questions about the the health of Brantly 's wife and his children , who left for Texas prior to his diagnosis . In a statement released Thursday , Amber Brantly said she and her children "  are physically fine . " "  We had left Liberia prior to Kent 's exposure to the virus , " she said . "  I am always anxiously awaiting any news from Liberia regarding Kent 's condition . " Meanwhile , Writebol 's husband , David , who like his wife is with Samaritan 's Purse , is near her , said their son Jeremy , who spoke with CNN 's Chris Cuomo from the United States . But she is isolated from him , and he has to wear head-to-toe protective clothing similar to a hazmat suit so that he does not contract a disease that starts out with similar symptoms as a strong flu but can end in internal bleeding and death . "  Mom continues in stable condition but it 's very serious , and she 's still fighting , " her son said . "  She 's weak , but she 's working through it . " Liberian Information Minister Lewis Brown said his country could ill afford to lose health care workers like Writebol and Brantly . "  We join the families in prayers that they can come through this and become ... shining examples that , if care is taken , one can come out of this . " Another physician in West Africa was not so fortunate ; Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan fell ill early last week while overseeing Ebola treatment at a Sierra Leone hospital and died days later . Rate of infection Ebola fears hit close to home The rate of infection has slowed in Guinea , but it has increased in neighboring Sierra Leone and Liberia . As infection accelerates , some aid groups are pulling out to protect their own . Samaritan 's Purse and the missionary group Serving in Mission have recalled all nonessential personnel from Liberia . The Peace Corps announced Wednesday it is doing the same , removing its 340 volunteers from the three severely affected nations . While there are no confirmed cases , a Peace Corps spokeswoman said two volunteers came into contact with someone who ended up dying from the virus . Those Americans have n't shown signs of Ebola but are being isolated just in case . The spokeswoman said they ca n't return home until they get medical clearance . Meanwhile , Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Koroma both canceled trips to the United States , and Koroma declared a state of emergency . Koroma announced an action plan to tear down many barriers that international medical workers say they face while fighting disease . Sirleaf said on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that the country is in desperate need of people with expertise in treating and dealing with Ebola . Some residents in affected villages have accused medical workers of bringing the disease into the country and have barricaded their towns or otherwise blocked access to Ebola victims . Koroma said he will deploy police and military to accompany the aid workers . They will search house to house for the infirm and enforce orders designed to curb the virus ' spread . American dies in Nigeria One American , 40-year-old Patrick Sawyer , died in a Nigerian hospital earlier this month -- having come from Liberia . He was in a plane to Lagos , when he became violently ill . He was planning to go back home to Minnesota to celebrate his daughters ' birthdays , but the disease took his life before he could . The Nigerian government said Thursday it has located 10 more people who had contact with Sawyer , the first American who died in the Ebola outbreak . Meanwhile , none of the 67 people under surveillance and the two people in quarantine have shown symptoms of the disease , Nigerian Minister of Information Labaran Maku said . A naturalized American citizen who worked in Liberia , Sawyer flew to Nigeria intending to attend a conference . After exhibiting symptoms upon arrival July 20 , he was hospitalized and died on July 25 . Nigeria 's Minister of Health Onyebuchi Chukwu says the government is still searching for more people that had contact with Sawyer on his journey on a plane that stopped in Accra , Ghana and Lome , Togo , before traveling on to Lagos . Ebola doctor in Sierra Leone dies What you need to know CNN 's Millicent Smith , Caleb Hellerman , Jason Hanna , Jonathan Helman , Pamela Brown , Nana Karikari-apau and journalist Heather Murdock in Abuja , Nigeria , contributed to this report .	The patient will be cared for in an area isolated from other patients , officials say One of the two infected Americans will be taken to hospital in Atlanta , officials say Medical charter flight leaves Georgia to evacuate infected Americans , source says Two American charity workers are described in stable , but grave condition
New York  CNN  -- A lawyer for a man accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979 says his client falsely confessed to authorities in May and will plead not guilty when he is arraigned next month . The attorney 's statement Thursday morning came after Pedro Hernandez made a brief appearance in Manhattan criminal court . "  The statements by my client  to police last spring  are not reliable , " defense attorney Harvey Fishbein said . "  They are what we term false confessions . " A grand jury on Wednesday indicted New Jersey resident Hernandez on charges of second-degree murder first-degree kidnapping . At Thursday 's hearing , a judge transferred the case to New York State Supreme Court -- the state 's main trial court system -- in Manhattan and set an arraignment for December 12 . Missing child case ` awakened America ' Police said Hernandez in May confessed to killing Patz , who disappeared on his way to a New York school bus stop more than 33 years ago . Hernandez -- who was a stock clerk in Lower Manhattan in May 1979 -- admitted that he choked the boy after luring him into the basement of a Manhattan grocery store , police said . Hernandez allegedly told authorities that he threw away the boy 's body in a garbage bag . The remains have not been found . Etan disappeared on May 25 , roughly a month before Hernandez left New York to resume living at his mother 's south Jersey home , according to family members and police . Fishbein has claimed Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia , and that he has "  an IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range . " Patz investigation a 33-year-long roller coast ride On Wednesday , district attorney spokeswoman Erin Duggan said the indictment was "  the outcome of a lengthy and deliberative process , involving months of factual investigation and legal analysis . " "  We believe the evidence that Mr. Hernandez killed Etan Patz to be credible and persuasive , and that his statements are not the product of any mental illness , " she said Wednesday . Besides arguing that the confession was false , Fishbein said he would argue that the prosecution has insufficient evidence , and that the statements Hernandez made to police are inadmissible . Patz 's plight catapulted concern for missing children to the national forefront after authorities put his image on thousands of milk cartons , a technique that would become more common in the next few years . Opinion : Missing children , perception vs. reality CNN 's Ross Levitt and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Suspect in 1979 disappearance of New York boy will plead not guilty , his attorney says A grand jury indicted Pedro Hernandez in the case this week Hernandez 's statements to police are not reliable , his attorney says Hernandez , charged with murder , confessed to killing the 6-year-old , police say
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- A former Colombian congressman who was held hostage in the jungle for more than eight years has escaped -- with the help of a former captor . Oscar Tulio Lizcano was kidnapped on August 4 , 2000 near the Colombian town of Riosucio . Oscar Tulio Lizcano , his hair disheveled , appeared too weak to stand for long when he met the news media Sunday , hours after stumbling onto a military patrol -- and freedom . Lizcano suffered from hunger and disease in captivity and endured isolation in the company of leftist rebels who often would not let him talk , he and Colombian authorities said . "  Maybe my incoherence is for a lack of speaking , " Lizcano told reporters . "  I was unable to talk with the guerillas who guarded me . " Lizcano said he had little to read in the jungle except "  The Odyssey " by Homer . He suffered from malaria and other illnesses and once ate nothing but hearts of palm for six or seven days , said Juan Manuel Santos , the Colombian defense minister . "  This is big news for the whole family , " said Lizcano 's sister , Amparo Lizcano . "  We were waiting for the guerrillas to give our brother back alive before he died . " The former congressman fled about three days ago with the assistance of one of his captors , a member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , a leftist rebel force that has been fighting the government for more than 40 years in a war that also has involved right-wing paramilitaries and drug traffickers . Watch release of FARC hostage " President Alvaro Uribe appeared on television Sunday with the ex-FARC rebel -- known by the alias "  Isaza " -- and said the man will receive compensation and permission to resettle in France with his family . He said that 's in keeping with a Colombian government policy that rewards rebels who desert and help hostages gain their freedom . Police officers and soldiers pinpointed the location of the FARC unit holding Lizcano several months ago , Santos said . They monitored the location for about five months and took steps to seal off possible escape routes , he said , as they planned a rescue operation using information gleaned help from a rebel who deserted October 2 . Troops started that rescue operation Saturday -- only to discover that "  Isaza " and Lizcano had decided on their own to escape . The two men wandered through the jungle for three days and nights before encountering a Colombian army patrol Sunday , said Santos , the defense minister . Lizcano was kidnapped on August 4 , 2000 near the Colombian town of Riosucio . He and his former captor stumbled Sunday onto a patrol near the border of the states of Risaralda and Choco , in central Colombia , authorities said . The FARC holds an estimated 750 hostages in Colombia . Its members have justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic . The rebels have been battered this year by government raids that killed several top commanders , the death by apparent heart attack of their founder and a wave of desertions . Government commandoes tricked the FARC in July and freed their most prized hostage , the former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , in an elaborate ruse that also liberated three U.S. defense contractors and 11 other hostages . On Sunday , Lizcano offered words of encouragement to those hundreds who remain trapped in the jungle , captives of the FARC . "  Hold on . Hold on , " he said . "  One day you will enjoy your freedom , too . " -- CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report	Oscar Tulio Lizcano was kidnapped August 4 , 2000 by Colombian leftist rebels The ex-congressman fled about three days ago with help from one of his captors The FARC holds an estimated 750 hostages in Colombia
AMMAN , Jordan  CNN  -- For more than 20 years , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , then the Vatican 's top doctrinal czar , was the intellectual architect of the papacy of John Paul II . Pope Benedict XVI and Jordanian Prince Ghazi Bin Talal leave the King Hussein mosque in Amman on Saturday . Thus , when Ratzinger was elected to succeed John Paul as Pope Benedict XVI in April 2005 , it was widely seen as a vote for continuity with the late pontiff 's policies . Four years later , there 's only one strong substantive difference between the two popes , and it 's on display this week as Benedict XVI visits Jordan , Israel and the Palestinian territories : their approaches to Islam . With 1.1 billion Roman Catholics and 1.6 billion Muslims in the world , representing about 40 percent of the world 's population , it 's a difference that matters . While John Paul II was a bridge-builder , Benedict is determined to walk across those bridges , pushing Islam toward a rejection of extremism and an acceptance of religious freedom -- toward an integration of reason and faith . It 's an approach that puts its finger on critically important concerns , but one also fraught with potential for conflict . In general , John Paul II was a great pioneer of Catholic-Muslim relations . He met with Muslims more than 60 times over the course of his almost 27-year pontificate , and in 2001 he became the first pope ever to enter an Islamic mosque : the Grand Umayyad Mosque in Damascus , Syria . John Paul 's opposition to the two U.S.-led Gulf Wars and his broad sympathy for the Palestinians was also appreciated by many Muslims . Like John Paul , Benedict XVI sees himself as a friend of Islam . Friday in Amman , Jordan , on the first day of his weeklong swing through the Middle East , Benedict reaffirmed his "  deep respect for Muslims . " His broad vision is what he calls growing "  intercultural dialogue " between Muslims and Christians , which implies an alliance against forms of secularism in the West that the pope regards as hostile to religion . The fact that Benedict XVI has chosen to begin his tour by spending three days in Jordan , which the Vatican has long regarded as a model of Muslim-Christian co-existence , suggests the emphasis he places on Islam . When John Paul came in 2000 , he spent just 24 hours here . Watch a walk through Amman for everday Jordanians ' reactions to the visit " Among other things , Benedict hopes Christians and Muslims will join forces in defense of shared values such as the sanctity of human life and the family , which can translate into political efforts in opposition to abortion and homosexuality . The precedent was set in the mid-1990s , when the Vatican and a bloc of Muslim nations resisted efforts at U.N.-sponsored conferences in Beijing and Cairo to recognize a right to abortion as part of international law . Yet the price of admission to that partnership , Benedict XVI believes , is a reform within Islam that would move it in the direction of a greater capacity for pluralism , including the rights of religious minorities , especially Christians , within Islamic societies . Saturday , for example , Benedict visited the King Hussein mosque in Amman , telling his Muslim hosts that religious freedom "  includes the right , especially of minorities , to fair access to the employment market and other spheres of civic life . " Benedict also argued that much tension between Christians and Muslims is the result of "  ideological manipulation of religion , sometimes for political ends , " and pointed to what he called "  the fundamental contradiction of resorting to violence or exclusion in the name of God . " To date , Benedict XVI 's efforts to convince Muslims that he 's advancing these arguments as a friend , from a shared space of common religious concern , have brought mixed results . His famous September 2006 speech in Regensburg , Germany , in which he cited a Byzantine emperor linking Islam to violence , set off wide protests across the Islamic world . Here in Jordan , some leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood have turned a cold shoulder to the pope 's visit , insisting that he must apologize anew for the Regensburg address . In effect , one core aim of Benedict XVI 's journey this week is to re-introduce himself to the Muslim world , clearing away the debris from what he conceded this morning is "  the burden of our common history . " The drama is whether this 82-year-old pontiff , who has sometimes had his problems with public relations , is able to pull it off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Pope Benedict XVI in Middle East , courting Muslims , urging religious freedom Allen : Pope hopes Christians and Muslims will join forces to defend shared values Allen : Price for alliance is a "  greater capacity for pluralism " within Islam Allen : Pope 's relations with Muslims have been rocky : Can he pull it off ?
CNN  -- A month after a devastating earthquake sent a wall of water across the Japanese landscape , the global terrain of the atomic power industry has been forever altered . The ongoing drama at the power plant in Fukushima -- a name now ranked alongside Three Mile Island and Chernobyl as history 's worst nuclear accidents -- has erased the momentum the nuclear industry has seen in recent years . The growth in the emerging world , such as China and India , fueled increased demand in planned reactors . Oil-rich regions like the United Arab Emirates and smaller nations like Vietnam announced plans to build nuclear reactors in the past year . Once the bane of environmentalists , the nuclear industry enjoyed newfound "  green " credentials as a cleaner alternative to coal-fired plants that belch greenhouse gases to produce electricity . Before Fukushima , a "  nuclear renaissance " -- as it was termed in the press -- seemed well underway , except for this point : Nuclear power , as a total of world energy supply , has been in steady decline for the past decade . From 2000 to 2008 , nuclear energy dropped from 16.7 % to 13.5 % of global energy production , according to the World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2009 . The 2010-11 preliminary report , expected to be released Wednesday , will show the downward trend has continued , according to study author Mycle Schneider . While nuclear energy production has steadily increased , its piece of the global electricity pie is shrinking compared to traditional sources such as coal and alternatives like wind and solar power . "  This does n't indicate there is a nuclear revival , " said Brahma Chellaney , one of the architects of India 's atomic strategy and a fellow at the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi . "  Had Fukushima happened two years later , the renaissance may have been underway . But if  the nuclear industry  was hoping for a real revival , you can safely say this wo n't happen now . " Political fallout The shockwaves from the Fukushima plant disaster shook German politics , which could have economic implications far beyond the nuclear industry as Germany -- the largest economy in Europe -- attempts to steer the eurozone out of its debt crisis . Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats suffered a historic loss to the Green Party during a key state election in Baden-Württemberg , a traditional stronghold for Merkel 's party . The elections came two weeks after the Japan disaster and the defeat was attributed in large part to nuclear fears in the wake of Fukushima and Merkel 's pro-nuclear credentials .  Merkel temporarily shut down seven of the nation 's 17 reactors and talked about an "  exit strategy " from nuclear power in the week between the Japan temblor and the state elections ; critics accused Merkel of flip-flopping to reflect a shift in opinion away from nuclear power . The political hot potato playing out in Germany can be expected elsewhere as aging reactors come up for extension of licenses or replacement in the U.S. , the UK and Japan . The average age of the world 's 443 nuclear reactors is 25 years , according to the World Nuclear Industry Status Report . "  In the next 10 years , nuclear power will face enormous public pressure in large democracies like the U.S. and India , " said Chellaney , a nuclear energy proponent . China , by far , has the largest number of plants planned with 27 reactors currently under construction , followed by 11 in Russia , and five apiece in India and South Korea , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . Beijing announced that China would temporarily suspend construction of new plants pending review of the Fukushima incident , but few analysts believe China will scuttle planned reactors . "  The countries that are going to do big builds ... have said loudly and clearly , we are not backing down from nuclear energy , " said Margaret Harding of the American Nuclear Society , a group for nuclear industry professionals . Fear factor Nuclear power has had an uphill climb in public perception since the 1945 explosions over Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II first put the word "  atomic " onto headlines across the globe . "  Radiation in particular is a scary thing -- we ca n't see , we ca n't touch it , you ca n't look at the ground and know its there , " said Harding , a former vice president of engineering at GE Nuclear Energy who now advises companies on nuclear industry issues . "  Nuclear power  gets conflated in people 's minds with weapons , " Harding said . "  The fact that the first controlled nuclear plants were to run submarines and other military secrets , there is a web of secrecy as to what you can talk about , which adds to the mystique . " While the devastation in Fukushima is "  horrible , " Harding and other nuclear proponents argue that nuclear crises are n't being judged by the same yardstick as other -- and statistically more deadly -- industrial disasters . "  Look at Bhopal : thousands of people died there -- did people walk away from chemical engineering ? " said Harding , referring to the 1984 Union Carbide chemical plant disaster in India . There were no deaths at the 1979 Three Mile Island crisis in the U.S. . A 2005 report from the World Health Organization said as many as 4,000 people may die of radiation exposure from the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Russia , although fewer than 50 deaths were directly attributed to the disaster . "  The numbers do n't lie , coal kills millions every year " through air pollution , said Michael Shellenberger , head of the Breakthrough Institute , a think tank that aims to modernize liberal thought , at Fortune 's Brainstorm Green conference last week in California . Green nukes When Harding moved to California in 1981 , the young nuclear engineer attended a meeting of the Sierra Club , the environmental group . "  When they found out what I did , they kicked me out , " Harding recalled . In the past decade , however , many environmentalists have embraced nuclear power as a better alternative than coal and gas-fired plants to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . France , for example , gets 75 % of its power from nuclear plants -- the highest ratio in the world , according to the IAEA . By comparison , the U.S. gets just under 20 % of its power from nuclear , although it has the most reactors in operation -- 104 reactors , nearly double the number in France . "  France 's advance in terms of nuclear and hydraulic energy generation  allows  the country to maintain its emissions at the same level as they were in 1990 , " said Sabine Mezard , a spokesperson for French energy giant EDF . Still , the early promise of nuclear energy as a cheap , clean form of energy has never materialized . Costs of nuclear power plants can be as high as $ 10 billion , according to a 2010 report by the CIGI Nuclear Energy Futures Project at Carleton University in Canada . The average construction time is seven years , but with licensing approval new builds often take a decade , Schneider said . What 's the alternative ? Alternative energy production is faster and cheaper , Schneider said . "  In the U.S. in 2004 , 2 % of all new power produced that year came from alternative energy sources ... by 2009 , 55 % of all new power was from alternatives , " Schneider said . "  There 's no way nuclear could add that much , that fast . " Nuclear power reactors are dependent on government subsidies and loan guarantees to be built , cover costs in case of accidents and assume long-term responsibility for storage of spent radioactive fuel , critics say , which artificially lowers the cost of production . "  These plants are 30-year investments -- it 's hard to get the market interested in more than two-year investments , and loan guarantees are not a subsidy , " countered Harding of the American Nuclear Society . Government backing of insurance in case of disasters has resulted because "  the nuclear industry has had so few accidents , there is no actuarial for insurance companies on which to offer an insurance policy , " she added . Market reaction has been swift against the nuclear industry after the Fukushima disaster . Companies on the Standard & Poor 's Clean Energy Index rose on average 17 % in the wake of the disaster , while companies on the S&P Nuclear Index fell 8.7 % . "  We expect a number of impacts from the public and political backlash against nuclear , which could mean the focus switches to renewables , " an HSBC report said in March . Still , no one expects the industry to fade . The U.S. , Japan , South Korea , Russia and France have significant nuclear industries with important strategic as well as economic interests , analysts say . "  No one is going to walk away , " Harding said . "  If the U.S. wants to be a leader in this technology , they 've got to be playing in this technology . "	Nuclear power dropped from 16.7 % to 13.5 % of global energy from 2000 to 2008 Firms on the S&P Nuclear Index fell 8.7 % after the disaster ; renewables rose 17 % EDF : 75 % of French power is nuclear , keeping carbon emissions to 1990 levels Analysts : Public backlash against nuclear energy expected to see push for alternatives
CNN  -- Bou Meng walks into a big open room , sits down on the floor and points to a number , which is stenciled on the wall . Number 13 . It was his prison number and the spot on the floor where he says he was shackled in Cambodia 's infamous Tuol Sleng Prison . The prisoners who entered were often killed . Bou was one of the few who survived the torture , starvation and executions routine when the Khmer Rouge were in power . Led by the late Pol Pot , the regime was responsible for the deaths of millions of ordinary Cambodians during a four-year reign of terror that was eventually halted in 1979 by invading Vietnamese forces . But the memories of this dark chapter continue to haunt victims such as Bou more than 30 years later , as four surviving members of the Khmer leadership , including Pol Pot 's "  number two , " prepare to stand trial for their alleged role in the genocide . In 1975 , the Khmer Rouge ordered everyone out of the capital Phnom Penh and other cities in Cambodia to work in the countryside as farm laborers . Bou , an artist , was sent off to work in the paddy fields . One day in 1977 , he was told he was being moved away from farm life . "  I was supposed to move to the Royal University of Fine Art , but instead I was brought to S-21 , also known as Tuol Sleng Prison , " he says . "  The first thing I saw was the people that had long hair to the waist . Their eyes were sunken and their bodies were only bone and skin . I was so shocked . " It did n't take long before the plight of the others became his fate . He was tortured mercilessly . But art saved his life . The prison officials asked him if he could draw Brother Number 1 , the man known as Pol Pot , the leader of the Khmer Rouge . Bou said yes . They were impressed by his work , so he began working on a huge portrait that would take him months . The Khmer Rouge government was then wreaking havoc on the entire country . It is said to be responsible for about 1.7 million deaths , roughly a quarter of the population back them . Its aim was to create a Communist utopia but instead the regime forced Cambodians into a living hell . City dwellers were marched into the countryside and forced to work as farm laborers . Those already living in rural Cambodia were expected to produce enough food for the country while teaching farming to those who had never done it before . Currency was abolished , and anyone with an education was considered a threat . No one was allowed modern medicine and the country isolated itself trying to become completely self-sufficient . The results were disastrous : People died of starvation and disease as soldiers tortured and killed anyone suspected of being disloyal . Eventually , everyone , including the soldiers , became a target due to the leadership 's paranoia . Tan Than was a soldier , although he says he never had a gun and was only given farming tools . By 1978 , a year before the fall of the Khmer Rouge , Tan and all the soldiers in his brigade were arrested and sent to work on an airport . Tan said he saw people dying of hunger as they tried to build the airport and the road leading up to it . As he walks up to the airport road where he once toiled , he suddenly begins to sob . It is the first time he has been back since 1979 . "  I cry when I remember the people and my older brother who they separated from me . " He has not seen his older brother since . He does n't even know where the body is buried . Tan himself was supposed to be one of the tens of thousands of bodies dumped in what have become known as the "  killing fields " located all over Cambodia . But Tan and a few others in his brigade fought back the day they were supposed to die . He says when the soldiers came into the building where all 292 members of his brigade had been taken it was clear they meant to exterminate them . "  When we got inside they were shouting you betrayed  us  . You are Vietnamese . You are American . You are CIA . Then they came inside the house and we fought back . " He and 12 others escaped . Tan 's sister-in-law Long Saoda worked at the same site where the soldiers were taken and watched in horror the fate of hundreds of unarmed people . "  I saw a truck full of people . ... I hid and tried to listen more . Then I saw them  soldiers  holding guns . They were hiding in the forests on both sides with guns , " she recalls . "  Shoot , shoot , shoot , bang , bang , bang , " Long re-enacts with her hands . " ... When the people got off the truck they tied their hands and then they walked the people to the hole they had dug , then they killed all those people and then the second truck came . " Eventually , she says , a tractor would cover the hole with dirt even if the people inside it were still alive . There are still two noticeable indentations where villagers point out you can still see the gravesites in their village . Similar scenes were repeated around the country . More than three decades on and the story is not yet over . The remaining leaders of the regime are finally being put on trial . The indictment , more than 350 pages long , includes accusations of everything from genocide to torture to war crimes . Case number 002 is the second and perhaps most important case being heard by the United Nations-backed tribunal in Cambodia . "  They are alleged to be responsible for the whole policy , which ended up in crimes being conducted all over this country , " says Lars Olsen , the spokesman for the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia . "  It is probably one of the first times since the Nuremburg trials  the case against the Nazis that began in 1945  where the whole remaining political leadership ... have been put on trial together . Cambodians have been waiting for more than 30 years for someone to be held accountable for what happened during the years the Khmer Rouge was in power . " Tens of thousands of people from around Cambodia are expected to come watch the trial , even if for only one day . As for Long Saoda , Tan Than and Bou Meng , they hope the trial provides the answer to one question that has haunted them all these years : Why would a government treat its own people this way ? CNN 's Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	Survivors of torture , disease , starvation have many questions Tens of thousands died under Khmer Rouge Remaining leaders of Khmer Rouge to stand trial Thousands expected to come watch the trial
Washington  CNN  -- The turbulent political environment and a flood of outside spending from Republican backed Super PACs are throwing House Democrats on defense twenty days before the midterm elections , and they are putting out the call for help from their allies . Money once earmarked to try to knock off House Republicans in competitive seats is now being used to prop up Democratic members watching millions of dollars in television attack ads air in their districts funded by GOP backed outside groups . "  Tough and unpredictable " and "  admittedly difficult " were two phrases used by Rep Steve Israel , D-New York , the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , House Democrats ' campaign arm used to describe the landscape to reporters on Capitol Hill on Wednesday . While Democrats were never in position to compete for control of the House they did go into the midterms with the goal to pick up some seats in districts President Barack Obama won in 2012 . Now the objective is to minimize losses on their own side , and hope that the House Republican majority does n't grow to a number that makes their objective of taking back the House in the next national election in 2016 insurmountable . Israel admitted his candidates face headwinds this fall , but does n't see anything like the wave in the last midterm in 2010 that washed Democrats out of the House majority and took many candidates by surprise . He pointed out that on average the president 's party loses 29 House seats in midterm elections . And the New York Democrat said the lesson of 2010 was to prepare his colleagues for the worst case scenario in 2014 and prioritize current House members ' races over those of Democratic challengers . A senior House Democratic aide confirms that resources are being moved away from targets in red districts to shore up Democrats on defense against Republican attacks . Money reserved for DCCC television ads in Colorado 's sixth congressional district , where Democratic challenger Andrew Romanoff is hoping to oust GOP Rep Mike Coffman has been canceled . The House Democrats ' campaign arm pulled resources way from a race in Northern Virginia to replace a retiring Republican , where Democratic challenger John Foust is competing against former House GOP aide Barbara Comstock . The campaign cash is instead being directed to help people like freshman California Rep Ami Bera , who just had Republican outside groups drop well over a million into TV spots just last week . But Israel insisted that his long term strategy to organize early and send 700 field staff to key races around the country has kept a group of more than 30 House races still in the competitive column . The Democratic campaign chief repeatedly used the session with reporters to communicate a plea to outside donors and advocacy groups supportive of Democrats that it 's not too late to stop the bleeding . "  In a world of Republican Super PAC hurt , the pain can be ameliorated , and in some cases reversed , when some of our outside allies decide they are not going to leave a single race on the table and they come in and help fortify some of our candidates , " Israel said Wednesday . By law the DCCC ca n't coordinate political strategy and resources with outside groups . So Israel used the press to send the message . "  It is frustrating that the cavalry that has always been there does n't seem to be there . " He argued that Democratic allies should n't just help Senate Democrats , who are in jeopardy of losing their majority , but they could focus on both chambers and that 20 days remaining amounted to "  an eternity " in the political world . A spokeswoman for the House GOP 's campaign committee said Israel 's focus on outside factors ignored the drag that the president was having on congressional Democrats . "  Chairman Israel needs stop the Washington blame game and admit that President Obama and his devastating policies are casting a large shadow over the landscape for House Democrats , " Andrea Bozek , spokeswoman for the NRCC said in a written statement . In a sign of how difficult Nov. 4th is likely to be for House Democrats , Israel acknowledged that Democrats were having a tough time competing against New York Republican Congressman Michael Grimm , who faces a 20 count federal indictment for mail fraud , wire fraud , filing false tax returns , hiring unauthorized aliens and perjury . Israel declined to outline how many seats would remain in Democrats hands after voters cast their ballots . But it was clear he was already ready to move onto the next election cycle , saying of Republicans the day after the election , "  they wake up to a really hostile environment going into 2016 and part of this was laying that infrastructure long term . "	Rep. Steve Israel who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Commmittee briefed reporters Wednesday . "  Tough and unpredictable " and "  admittedly difficult " were two phrases used by Democrats . Democrats ' objective is to minimize losses on their own side as oppose to picking up seats .
CNN  -- The attack was shocking . Three older students pummeling a 13-year-old boy in a school bus , leaving him with a broken arm . The video of the assault brought home its ferocity . Now , the alleged assailants are facing the consequences . Three teenagers appeared in a juvenile court Tuesday in Gulfport , Florida . They were charged with aggravated battery . If they had been in adult court , the charges would have constituted a second-degree felony , Judge Raymond Gross said . "  That may not mean anything to you , but that 's a way of telling you this is an extremely serious charge , " the judge said . Opinion : In teen beating , do n't blame bus driver Father promises ` consequences ' As they left the courtroom , the three 15-year-olds stayed silent when asked if they had any words for the victim . The father of one of the accused offered a few brief words : "  Consequences , just consequences is all I can say . " Prosecutors say the older boys were seeking revenge after the 13-year-old told teachers that they tried to sell him drugs . The juvenile justice department is recommending nine months probation and anger management for two of the accused . The third , the alleged ring leader , is facing an additional robbery charge for allegedly stealing money from the victim after the beating . Opinion : Why I would n't break up a school fight Call for tougher punishment The prosecution asked to enter the bus surveillance video as evidence to support its argument that the juvenile justice department 's proposed punishments do n't match the severity of the crime . The three accused teenagers will be back in court on August 27 . All of them attended Lealman Intermediate School , a dropout prevention middle school . The attack took place July 9 in Pinellas County , Florida . The driver of the bus , John Moody , has said he was "  petrified " during the attack and has experienced nightmares about it since . Moody , 64 , retired soon after the assault , ending an 18-year career of driving buses .	An attack on a Florida school bus leaves a 13-year-old boy with a broken arm Three 15-year-olds accused of the attack appear in court on aggravated battery charges "  This is an extremely serious charge , " judge says Prosecutors say the punishments recommended for juveniles do n't match the crime
Thailand is now under military control -- with its military chief in power , its constitution tossed , its political leaders detained , its citizens under martial law -- thanks to a coup that capped months of unrest . Thursday 's announcement , in a televised address by the Asian nation 's military chief , followed a last-ditch meeting purportedly aimed at resolving the crisis . Leaders of the governing Pheu Thai Party , the opposition Democrat Party , the anti-government protesters , pro-government "  Red Shirts " as well as the military were among those in attendance . But only one faction walked out free . Troops escorted the political party leaders from the meeting ; a lawyer for the "  Red Shirts " later confirmed they 'd been detained . That left Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha , the head of the Asian nation 's military , in charge . The military released a statement saying Prayuth now has the powers to act as Prime Minister until a new one takes office . How exactly the government will operate is in question , given that the military also has thrown out the 2007 constitution , except for Section 2 , which acknowledges that the king is the head of state . The last six months have been marked by protests , both by those backing the government and those against . There has been deadly violence in the streets . Schools will be closed nationwide between Friday and Sunday , the de facto military government ordered . A curfew is in place for between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m.  11 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET  And all state-run , satellite and cable TV providers have been ordered to carry only the signal of the army 's television channel ; CNN is among those networks that have been taken off the air . In a speech hours after the meeting with political party leaders , Prayuth explained that these actions were necessary to restore order and push through needed reforms . He said there will be security provided for foreigners , including vacationers and diplomats . As to Thai citizens , Prayuth urged them to go about their business as usual -- including civil servants and officials , who should report to work . And in many ways , this is normal for Thailand . Thursday 's sudden transfer of power is the 12th time the military has taken over since Thailand became a constitutional monarchy in 1932 . It 's the second coup for Pete Kraisittipong , a lifelong Bangkok resident and CNN iReporter . While there are noticeable differences -- like closed convenience stores -- he said most people do n't seem too taken aback but the sudden , if hardly unprecedented , political shift . "  People associate this as the silent coup . They just go home and do n't go out after 10 , " he said . " ... People just live their normal lives . " Amnesty bill furor spirals into more unrest In a way , if not years in the making , the latest coup has been in the making since November . That 's when then-Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra tried to push through an amnesty bill to allow the return of her brother Thaksin Shinawatra , a former prime minister who lives in exile . A military coup deposed Thaksin in 2006 . Groups opposed to the government seized on the amnesty bill furor and began large-scale protests in central areas of Bangkok . Trying to defuse tensions , Yingluck called early elections . But the Democrat Party boycotted the February race , and Yingluck 's foes blocked voting in enough districts to prevent a valid outcome . Yingluck , who first took office in 2011 , stayed on after the disrupted election as a caretaker Prime Minister . But the Constitutional Court forced her from office two weeks ago , finding her guilty -- despite her professions of innocence -- of violating the constitution over the appointments of top security officials . She is now wanted , along with three of her relatives , having been summoned to report to military authorities late Friday morning , an army spokesman said . The situation has n't calmed much since Yingluck 's departure from office . Demonstrators on all sides of the fight remained active in the streets . And attempts to resolve differences through negotiations -- such as Thursday 's meeting , the second in two days -- seemingly went nowhere . On Tuesday , the military stepped up its involvement by declaring martial law . At the time -- even as an aide to interim Prime Minister Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan insisted it had taken "  this action unilaterally " -- the military insisted this was n't a coup . Thailand martial law : A cheat sheet to get you up to speed Not anymore . U.S. suspends ` military engagement and assistance ' The developments have caught the attention of world leaders , including U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who appealed "  for a prompt return to constitutional , civilian , democratic rule and an all-inclusive dialogue , " according to his spokesman . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry expressed disappointment and concern about the detention of political leaders , the shutting down of media outlets and the suspension of the Thai constitution . "  There is no justification for this military coup , " Kerry said in a statement . " ... I urge the restoration of civilian government immediately , a return to democracy and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms . " American officials have tried but -- as of Thursday afternoon -- failed to contact Thai military officials to urge them "  to immediately restore democracy and civilian rule , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . The State Department and USAID send approximately $ 10 million annually to Thailand , according to Psaki . In light of everything , there is "  a comprehensive review " of all such ties between the two countries , including militarily . "  We 've taken preliminary steps to suspend military engagement and assistance , while we consider the facts on the ground , " said the U.S. spokeswoman . Soldiers , selfies and a military coup	Bangkok resident : Thai residents "  just live their normal lives " after "  silent coup " U.S. Secretary of State Kerry : "  There is no justification for this military coup " U.S. officials have n't yet talked with military officials , despite their efforts to do so Military takes over government , detains political party leaders , suspends constitution
You 've probably heard this one before : Little guy gets too close to a trademark held by a big company . Big company threatens legal action . Little guy backs off . But have you heard the one where the small business owner responds to a cease and desist order from Starbucks with a satirical letter and a check for $ 6 ? At issue : A craft beer called "  Frappicino . " But we 're getting ahead of ourselves . Let 's start at the beginning . Jeff Briton owns the Exit 6 Pub and Brewery in Cottleville , Missouri . He has for two and a half years . The place is n't a fancy gastro pub , in fact , it does n't even have a kitchen . It does one thing and does it well : serve craft beer seven days a week , starting at 4 p.m. . A beer is born Last January , Briton mixed two of his creations together : A vanilla crème and a chocolate coffee ale . The result , according to a customer , tasted a whole lot like a certain blended coffee ice beverage served at the more than 5,500 Starbucks locations worldwide . The customer wrote about the creation on a beer website , Un Tapped , and called it a "  Frappicino " -- one letter off from the Starbucks trademarked name . Fast forward 11 months . Cease and desist Last week , Briton received a letter from Starbucks ' lawyers , asking him to stop using the name . "  The FRAPPICINO mark only differs from Starbucks Coffee Co. 's FRAPPUCCINO mark by one letter , " the letter said , "  and is phonetically identical . " The bar 's use of the name would cause "  confusion " among buyers , it added . The message was clear : you violated our trademark . Stop . But in the black and white legalese , Briton saw an opportunity . "  This huge law firm sends me this letter , " Briton told CNN on Monday night . "  How many hours did that lawyer have to spend in sending that out ? " Briton says he reckons that Starbucks spent more in law firm billable hours than he made in the entire month of December . In other words , Briton felt he had to respond . ` We 're poor spelers ' Addressing his response to the lawyer and "  Mr. Bucks , " he referred to the offending beverage and trademark as "  The F Word " so as to fend off further litigation risk . "  It has recently come to the Exit 6 Pub and Brewerys attention that there were 3 check ins to the beer with a very similar name to the "  F Word " . Unfortunately it was only similar to the F Word because we meant to call it the same thing . Lucky for us , we 're poor spelers . " "  We just feel awful about calling a beer the F Word , " the letter went on . "  We are bad people . We feel shame . " And while Briton wrote that he would stop calling the beer "  The F Word , " he also wanted to reassure Mr. Bucks that he and his customers meant no harm . "  I guess that with there being a Starbucks on every corner of every block in every city that some people may think they could get a Starbucks at a local bar , " he wrote . "  So that was our mistake . " Check in the mail Briton said he wanted to make amends . So , in an effort to "  remain in good standings , " he included a check for the "  full amount of profit gained " from sales of the offending brew . Total number of beers sold : three . The check to Starbucks : $ 6 . People love stories about little guys standing up to corporations with big pockets . And soon , Briton 's story was splashed all over mainstream media . "  Even someone very inebriated should not find coffee and beer to be confusingly similar , " wrote Mike Sandburg on the bar 's Facebook page . Added Mindy Schildroth : "  I think you should name your next beer Six Bucks ! " And Martin Lawler said he 'd fly from Oakhurst , California , just to order the beer . "  And I do n't like stouts !! " Request was ` respectful ' Laurel Harper , a manager for Starbucks communication , told CNN the request her company sent to Briton was "  respectful . " "  Just like many businesses , trademark law requires all companies , including Starbucks , to consistently protect its brand , " she said via e-mail . "  We always prefer to resolve trademark disputes informally and amicably whenever possible , and we appreciate Exit 6 Pub and Brewery respecting our request to avoid confusion among customers . " Harper told CNN she had n't heard about Briton 's check . She said Starbucks would n't be cashing it . The experience prompted Briton to stop producing another beer , he said tongue planted firmly in cheek : The "  Starbuck-McDonalds-Coca Cola-Marlboro Honey Lager . "	The beer is vanilla creme and chocolate coffee ale A customer calls it Frappicino Briton sends Starbucks $ 6 to "  make amends " The company says it wo n't cash the check
CNN  -- Rep. Nick Lampson , D-Texas , said Tuesday that Federal Emergency Management Agency tried to control the outcome of a scientific study on formaldehyde in trailers used to house victims of Hurricane Katrina . FEMA trailers are shipped to the Gulf Coast by train in March 2006 . "  Someone from one of the agencies , the CDC , came to our committee and reported that he had information that indicated that good science was n't followed when a decision was made to allow people to live in basically travel trailers that were not designed to be lived in , " said Lampson , chairman of the Energy and Environment Subcommittee of the House Committee on Science and Technology . In addition , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee -- Rep. Bennie G. Thompson , D-Mississippi -- cited medical experts who said prolonged exposure to high levels of formaldehyde can cause ailments ranging from respiratory irritation to cancer . The committee recently obtained internal CDC e-mail which showed that "  despite the efforts of CDC professionals to bring these health risks to the public 's attention , those concerns were thwarted by CDC leadership for roughly eight months , " Thompson said . FEMA denies that it has suppressed any report , including one about formaldehyde prepared by a branch of the Centers for Disease Control . "  The health and safety of residents has been and continues to be our primary concern , " FEMA said in a statement issued Monday . Watch why the trailers are such a big concern " "  Any and all allegations that FEMA ignored or manipulated formaldehyde-related research are unfounded and false . Such activities are completely contrary to our mission and our commitment to the victims of disaster , " said Carlos Castillo , FEMA 's assistant administrator for disaster assistance during the House Homeland Security Committee hearing Tuesday afternoon . Almost 150,000 households have lived in FEMA trailers at some point since Hurricanes Katrina and Rita devastated the Gulf Coast in 2005 . FEMA says about 40,000 families are still living in the travel trailers . Formaldehyde is a preservative used in construction materials like plywood . The Environmental Protection Agency classifies it as a probable human carcinogen , according to the EPA Web site . The site says the chemical can also be an irritant to the respiratory tract and the eyes . FEMA and the CDC say the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry , an arm of the CDC , did an initial assessment for FEMA that was n't intended to address the long-term effects of extended exposure to formaldehyde . "  ATSDR 's original response focused on the acute health effects of formaldehyde exposure -- to meet the urgent needs expressed by FEMA in its original request , " said a CDC statement . "  The initial consultation with ATSDR was intended to determine effective mitigation measures , and did not discuss long-term health impacts , " a FEMA statement agreed . "  FEMA wanted to be able to put people into these trailers for long periods of time , " Lampson said . "  They gave a report that apparently said that it was safe to go in for a couple of weeks and allowed people to go in . Well , it 's been way past a couple of weeks and now people have been in them a year or 18 months . " "  One person -LSB- from the CDC -RSB- who came to us told us they would n't write the report , " he said . "  That person was circumvented and another person at the agency agreed to write a report to say that levels of formaldehyde were safe for a couple of weeks . " FEMA received that initial report in February 2007 . "  That study showed that ventilating the units is effective in reducing levels of formaldehyde , " according to a FEMA fact sheet . FEMA and the CDC said it became apparent that more study was needed , so ATSDR went back to work and issued a new report in October . "  This revised report supports the initial report in that ventilation of travel trailers was effective in lowering formaldehyde levels , " according to the FEMA statement issued Monday . "  It was revised to include a number of caveats relating to potential health impacts of long term exposure . " FEMA says it has offered everyone living in a travel trailer the option of moving to a hotel until alternative housing can be found . Meanwhile , the CDC has been doing a separate study of formaldehyde in the trailers . The results of that research are expected next month . FEMA pointed to that more comprehensive study in its statement issued Monday about the controversy , and added , "  In addition , FEMA already had begun an aggressive outreach campaign to occupants advising them of potential exposure to formaldehyde and offered those residents an option for immediate relocation to alternative housing , " the FEMA statement said . Lampson said his subcommittee has requested copies of communications between FEMA and the CDC on the subject . "  Not following good science in advising people to do things as they try to recover from one tragedy is indeed a much greater tragedy this is compounding , " he said . "  This appears perhaps to be the tip of an iceberg . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Sean Callebs and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	FEMA denies allegations it suppressed report on trailers used by Katrina victims CDC has done two studies for FEMA on formaldehyde in the trailers FEMA , CDC say studies were short-term , more comprehensive study in the works
Washington  CNN  -- Senior State Department and Diplomatic Security officials may have covered up or stopped investigations of inappropriate or even criminal misconduct by staff , according to an internal memo from the department 's Office of the Inspector General . The timeline surrounding the allegations places the incidents during former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's tenure , opening the possibility that a widening scandal might taint both her record and her possible political aspirations . Clinton has also taken heat for the department 's response to the September 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya . Hillary Clinton Tweets the future is ` TBD ' The memo itself , purportedly written by Ambassador Larry Dinger , describes some of the information as coming from office chatter . "  Sometimes the sources are one or more agents who became aware of the case from colleagues in what , given cubicles , can be a collegial environment , " the memo says . Regarding the latest allegations , CNN was provided the documents by a lawyer for a whistle-blower who is a former senior inspector general investigator . They include : • An active U.S. ambassador "  routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children , " the memo says . The ambassador 's protective detail and others "  were well aware of the behavior , " the memo asserts . When a diplomatic security officer tried to investigate , undersecretary of state for management Patrick Kennedy allegedly ordered the investigator "  not to open a formal investigation . " On Tuesday , CNN obtained a statement from the ambassador , who vigorously denied the allegations , calling them "  baseless . " A source close to the investigation of the ambassador told CNN that the ambassador 's security detail reported to the inspector general that the ambassador would leave his house at night without notifying the detail . The detail followed the ambassador and saw the ambassador once go to a park that 's known for illegal activity , the source told CNN . The detail said they never witnessed the ambassador engage in any sexual activity , the source said . The ambassador went to Washington and was asked what he was doing and he denied any wrongdoing , the source told CNN . The ambassador explained that sometimes he fights with his wife , needs air and he goes for a walk in the park because he likes it . Kennedy also issued a statement Tuesday , saying it is his responsibility "  to make sure the department and all of our employees -- no matter their rank -- are held to the highest standard , and I have never once interfered , nor would I condone interfering , in any investigation . " • A State Department security official in Beirut allegedly "  engaged in sexual assaults " against foreign nationals working as embassy guards . The security official , the Office of the Inspector General says , was also accused of committing "  similar assaults during assignments in Baghdad , and possibly Khartoum and Monrovia . " The office 's memo says that an inspector general 's investigator who went to Beirut to try to conduct an investigation was not given enough time to complete the job . • A member of Clinton 's security detail allegedly "  engaged prostitutes while on official trips in foreign countries . " The inspector general 's agent assigned to investigate "  concluded " that the "  prostitution problem was endemic . " • In Iraq , an "  underground drug ring " may have been operating near the U.S. Embassy and "  supplying " drugs to State Department security contractors , but an agent sent to investigate the allegations was prevented from completing the job . The allegations were first reported Monday by CBS . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki responded Monday . Controversies knock Obama off balance "  We hold all employees to the highest standards , " she said . "  We take allegations of misconduct seriously and we investigate thoroughly . All cases mentioned in the CBS report were thoroughly investigated and under investigation , and the department continues to take action . " During a Tuesday State briefing with reporters , Psaki reiterated that the memo contains "  unsubstantiated allegations " and that some cases are ongoing and some are closed . But she would not , though repeatedly pressed by reporters , specify exactly which ones were open or closed . "  As a matter of policy , I 'm not going to talk " about specific cases , she said . "  We take every allegation seriously , " Psaki added . "  We are seeing through the process . " On Tuesday , Nicholas Merrill , a spokesman for Hillary Clinton , said Clinton was completely unaware of any of the investigations mentioned in the Office of the Inspector General 's reports and memos , including the case involving her personal security detail allegedly soliciting prostitutes . "  We learned of it from the media and do n't know anything beyond what 's been reported , " Merrill told CNN in a written statement . Clinton officially left her post in February . Clinton 's bio undergoes changes What 's behind Clinton 's drop in poll numbers ? Also Tuesday , U.S. Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said he has asked his staff to begin an investigation into the allegations , and sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry demanding an explanation . "  The notion that any or all of these cases would not be investigated thoroughly by the Department is unacceptable , " Royce wrote in his letter to Kerry . CNN obtained a draft , dated December 2012 , of a report by the inspector general 's office evaluating the performance of the department 's Bureau of Diplomatic Security Special Investigations Division . The report says that the bureau "  lacks a firewall " that would preclude higher-ups from "  exercising undue influence in particular cases . " The bureau does n't have a manual with approved guidelines on how to investigate cases , the report also says . Investigators with the inspector general 's office "  discovered uncertainty " among state agents about how to conduct thorough investigations , and noted that not going through the proper mechanisms can "  ruin " a potential criminal investigation . The report also calls the department 's Criminal Investigations Division "  unwieldy " and says that "  frequent agent turnover " makes it harder for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security to conduct investigations . The inspector general 's office published a February 2013 final report whose key findings are , largely , the same as stated in the December 2012 draft . The division 's current management structure , the report says , does not "  foster independence from career pressures and creates significant potential for undue influence , favoritism , and potential retribution . CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	House committee chief says he 's asked his staff to begin an investigation State Department memo alleges a drug ring operated near the U.S. embassy in Iraq An ambassador allegedly engaged prostitutes , a memo says Investigations into the allegations , in some cases , were stymied
CNN  -- The most compelling action during Michigan 's primary Tuesday will be on the Republican side . The Democratic Party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early , and top-tier Democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot , except for Sen. Hillary Clinton . The struggling auto industry has been a drag on Michigan 's economy . In many ways , the Republican battle for Michigan will be similar to last week 's New Hampshire contest . The primary is open , and any registered voter -- including independents and Democrats -- can participate . Sen. John McCain won New Hampshire with the help of independent voters , and he is campaigning hard to re-create that success in Michigan . In 2000 , McCain defeated then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush in the Michigan primary . In that vote , more than half -- 52 percent -- were either independents or Democrats . Among Republican voters , McCain lost to Bush 29 percent to 66 percent . In that contest , almost three out of every 10 voters identified themselves as members of the religious right . Overall , Michigan is a swing state , producing narrow margins of victory for presidential candidates and statewide officeholders . However , voting trends favor the Democrats . Michigan 's governor , Jennifer Granholm , is a Democrat , as are the state 's two U.S. senators -- Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow . The Democratic presidential nominee has carried Michigan in the last four elections . Sen. John Kerry , the Democrats ' 2004 standard bearer , won Michigan 51 percent to 48 percent over President Bush . The state 's economy is powered by the automotive industry , which has experienced its fair share of struggles . Michigan 's unemployment rate , 7.4 percent , is higher than the national average of 5 percent . Region by region Wayne County , in the southeastern corner of the state , contains the economically depressed Detroit , Michigan 's largest city . Detroit is predominantly black and solidly Democratic . North of Wayne County are the more-affluent suburban counties of Oakland and Macomb , which have grown in population in the last two decades . These two counties have been the state 's central political battleground in recent elections . West of Wayne is the "  university belt , " home to the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and Michigan State University in East Lansing . The area also includes the industrial cities of Saginaw and Flint , where unions remain strong , as well as Jackson and Bay City . The state 's capital , Lansing , and the sparsely populated upper peninsula are also part of this region . The southwest part of the state is dominated by Grand Rapids , Michigan 's second-largest city . Grand Rapids is traditionally Dutch-American and has many Christian conservatives and generally votes Republican . The area also contains smaller industrial cities and farming communities . The economy of the sparsely populated north and northwest is based on agriculture , tourism and timber . It traditionally votes Republican . Endorsements The Detroit Free Press has endorsed McCain . "  While the Free Press differs with McCain on a number of issues , the Arizona senator is a smarter , more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues , " the newspaper said in an editorial . The Detroit News also endorsed McCain , citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs , over Michigan native Mitt Romney . "  Other GOP contenders , most notably former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , are capable figures with impressive resumes and a solid grasp of the issues . But McCain 's longtime presidential ambitions are at last aligned with the needs of the nation , " the newspaper said . E-mail to a friend	Independents , Democrats can vote in Michigan 's open Republican primary No Democratic delegates at stake , and most top-tier candidates are n't on ballot Economic woes top concern for Michigan primary voters
CNN  -- Eos Airlines , the all business-class carrier , has declared bankruptcy and stopped operations Sunday . The New York-based airline reconfigured 220-seater Boeing 757s to 48 seats that could extend into fully flat beds . The seats also allowed passengers -- or "  guests " as they airline prefered to describe them -- to sit face-to-face to dine or hold business meetings . The tickets carried a hefty price tag -- up to $ 9,000 roundtrip from New York to London -- but the luxuries were aimed toward more discriminating business travelers . The privately-held airline , in a news release Sunday , said it had secured additional financing . But "  some issues arose that prevented the parties from moving forward , " it said . The airline immediately began the process of eliminating the positions of most of its employees . "  There are times in business when even though you execute your business plan and even though your employees do their jobs beautifully , external forces prevent you from controlling your own destiny , " Eos CEO Jack Williams said in a statement . The airline becomes the latest in a number of small carriers that have gone out of business in recent month . Analysts blame the high cost of fuel , a slowing economy and a credit crunch . Other carriers that have declared bankruptcy recently include Skybus and ATA airlines . Eos asked passengers to contact their credit card companies or travel agents to find out how to obtain refunds for unused tickets . It said frequent-flier program participants will not be able to redeem their points . Any value related to membership will be determined by the bankruptcy court . E-mail to a friend	New York-based business class airline Eos declares bankruptcy Luxury carrier charged up to $ 9,000 roundtrip from New York to London Analysts blame high fuel costs , slowing economy , credit crunch for industry problems
CNN  -- We learned a few things on Monday night , those of us watching Anderson Cooper on "  AC360 , " about Alex Teves , one of the people who died in the gunfire at theater 9 in the Century 16 multiplex in Aurora , Colorado . We learned that in high school , "  for no reason whatever , " as his father put it , Alex always wore white T-shirts and blue jeans , and that one day some 400 to 500 kids from the school wore the same outfit , declaring an unofficial "  Alex Teves Day . " We got to meet Alex 's best friend , Ryan Cooper , who spoke about how people were "  drawn to him . " And his girlfriend , Amanda Lindgren , who told us , among other things , about the last act of Alex 's life , which in some ways is all you need to know : He dove across her body to protect her from the bullets . Opinion : Three Aurora heroes gave their lives Perhaps most painfully , we met Tom Teves , the father of Alex , a likeable , visibly hurt man . He said , when Cooper asked how he was holding up : "  It 's the worst day of my life every day . Alex was my firstborn son . I love him with all my heart . " Teves had something to say to the news media , too , something impossible to ignore : "  And if we do n't stop talking about the gunman -- so somebody took a gun and went in and shot a 6-year-old girl ? Why are we talking about that person ? " He went on : "  I would like to see CNN come out with a policy that said , ` Moving forward , we 're not going to talk about the gunman . What we 're going to say is : A coward walked into a movie theater and started shooting people . He 's apprehended . The coward 's in jail . He will never see the light of day again . Let 's move on ' ... CNN , Fox News , the major networks . Why do n't you guys all come out with a policy that says , we 're not going to show this -LSB- killer -RSB- again ? That would be my -- that would be my challenge to you and to every network . " As compelling and tempting as his plea is , I would argue that Teves is only half right . The mass killings certainly dominated the news , quickly becoming one of the biggest stories of 2012 . Nearly three quarters of the nation has been following it "  very " or "  fairly " closely , according to Pew Research Center . Still , if mass shootings were n't big news , you would worry . James Holmes ' face , meanwhile , made it to a number of front pages in the wake of the massacre , as shown in Newseum 's Today 's Front Page feature , but not as often or as large as you might think . And you did want to know what he looked like , did n't you ? Even Tom Teves went to court to see his face . Looking into the minds of killers Like Teves , many people suspect that some sort of media glory is part of the payoff for these mass killers . And that seems plausible . But the truth of the matter is we do n't have a clue . Nor do we have an idea if some sort of media blackout about them would have any effect in preventing this type of incident from occurring again . Court appearance fuels theories about Colorado shooting suspect As an analogy , one he freely admitted is on a wholly different level , Teves used the example of people running on fields during professional ball games . The media stopped showing such incidents , he pointed out , and now that the TV cameras no longer show these runners , he asked , "  When was the last time you saw somebody jump on the field ? " The problem , unfortunately , is that people still jump on ball fields . I just search for "  people running on baseball fields " on Google and up popped recent incidents in 10 cities , all recorded on cell phones , as well as two websites that collects such videos . Stories of survival amidst the shooting What really causes mass murderers to commit their crimes ? Mental illness ? Environmental factors ? Something worse ? News media speculation about the motive is n't helpful to anyone . Yet people around the country are concerned ; some are even traumatized by this event . It is natural to wonder why and how the horrific shooting happened . And to the extent that it can address such big questions , news organizations should make the necessary inquiries -- dig into the suspect 's past , find indicators of questionable behavior , look for signs of terrifying intent . This is the media 's responsibility . Warning signs of violence : What to do News outlets should never glorify killers in any way . In the chance that being on television and across the front pages could be a draw to killers , the news media must err on the side of caution in its coverage . The prime focus should be properly on the victims . And , I would add , on the victims ' friends and families , who tell us so movingly that they will remember . As Teves said , "  You know , Alex would have expected us to live . We 're going to live . " To report that kind of love and guts is essential . Still , when something like this happens , we are , as a society , like a tribe discussing the events around the campfire . Reporters are something like the tribal scouts . There are wolves , and we have questions : How many wolves ? How do they act ? Which way should we go ? How to help the victims Here , too , we have questions : Who is this killer ? What concrete facts give clues to how he got that way ? Is there any law or cultural change that might deter the next one ? Were signals missed ? All of this matters . Tell us about the wolves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Hoyt .	On Anderson Cooper 's show , a father of a victim of the Aurora shooting asks about media 's role Mike Hoyt : Is Tom Teves right to say news organizations should ignore the mass killers He says it 's natural to ask why the horrific incident happened and what motivated the gunman Hoyt : Media should make the necessary inquiries but never glorify the killer
CNN  -- Judd Apatow is the man behind many of the most successful comic movies of recent years . Apatow 's latest comedy "  Funny People " pairs Adam Sandler  left  with Seth Rogen  right  . As a producer Apatow 's resume reads like an encyclopedia of comedy hits : "  Anchorman , " "  Talladega Nights , " "  Superbad , " "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall , " "  Step Brothers " -- the list goes on . As a writer and director he is less prodigious , though his two efforts so far -- "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin " and "  Knocked Up " -- have garnered commercial and critical success . His brand is about as hot as it gets in U.S. comedy these days with his latest offering as director , "  Funny People " grabbing the highest share of the American box office with $ 23.4 million on its first weekend . The 41-year-old American has an innate understanding of what makes people laugh . A former stand-up comic and writer for television sitcoms like "  The Larry Sandler Show , " Apatow has taken to heart that old maxim that the best comedy is born out of tragedy . "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin , " for example , follows the painful attempts of a socially awkward nerd to lose his virginity , while "  Knocked Up " is about a pregnancy resulting from a one-night stand . Contrary to what its upbeat title might suggest , "  Funny People " delves into even darker territory . The movie stars Apatow 's former flatmate Adam Sandler as a famous comedian who is struck down with leukemia . "  I see all the movies as dealing with my personal problems , whether it 's about virginity , bad sex , marital issues , unplanned pregnancy or , in the case of this one , death , " Apatow told CNN . Part of the reason the Apatow brand has grown so strong is his habit of collaborating with the same group of writers and performers . Via his production company he has helped to foster the acting careers of Steve Carell , Paul Rudd and Seth Rogen . "  When someone is really good I do n't want to let go of them , " he said . "  Every time we meet someone new and they 're great we think ' I want to use that person on the next one ' because it 's so hard to find someone that 's hysterical , interesting and fun to be around . " Surprisingly , considering their longtime association , "  Funny People " is the first time Apatow has helmed a feature with Sandler in it . In the movie , which also stars the director 's wife Leslie Mann , Sandler 's character is prompted by illness to re-evaluate his life . This leads on a journey of self discovery that takes him back to his roots as a stand-up comic . To gather material for the movie Apatow , Sandler and co-star Seth Rogen followed a similar trajectory , going to comedy clubs together and , according to Apatow "  doing stand-up and bombing . " It was a nostalgic experience for Apatow and Sandler in particular , who shared an apartment in Los Angeles when they were in their twenties and both struggling comedians trying to catch a break . "  A little bit of the movie has some aspect of our repartee , " the director told CNN . "  But that was a different time . We were really young and hungry and trying to figure out how we were going to be accepted in the world of comics and movies . "  It was very fun and exciting and we slept till noon everyday and had red lobster for lunch . So we always reminisce about that time because we had nothing going on other than our comedy sets at night . "	Judd Apatow has had a hand in a huge number of recent comedy hits His third film as director , "  Funny People , " stars Adam Sandler A former stand-up comic , Apatow cut his teeth writing for U.S. TV shows
Mashable  -- When the Daytona 500 ran into a protracted delay following an explosion and fire on the track Monday night , NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski did what any social media addict would : grabbed his phone and began posting status updates to Twitter . Then he gained more than 100,000 followers in less than two hours . Keselowski 's fellow driver Juan Pablo Montoya crashed into a safety vehicle mid-race . The collision and jet fuel â $ " the safety vehicle reportedly holds 200 gallons of jet kerosene â $ " sparked a huge ball of fire , although both vehicles ' drivers appeared to avoid serious injury . The race was halted . From his spot in the racecar traffic jam , Keselowski sent this tweet to his  at the time  less than 85,000 followers . More than an hour later , the race resumed . Keselowski 's follower count topped 185,000 . Keselowski 's initial tweet set off a hysteria in the sports Twittersphere , and triggered a set of funny exchanges between him and his fans . Keselowski then passed the continued delay with a steady stream of tweets updating and reacting to the accident and to-be-continued race . Eventually , the Daytona 500 got underway again , and Keselowski passed the message on to his swollen follower count by retweeting NASCAR 's senior vice president Steve O'Donnell 's message : "  Alright . Run jet quickly over area-drivers strapped in . Will run some caution laps and make sure we are good . Thanks for patience ! " Earlier , Keselowski had retweeted fan Jessica Lynn Burkett , who spoke for pretty much everyone when she posted : "  So we have a Monday night #NascarPrimetime #daytona500 race , jet dryer blow up and @keselowski tweeting from his car ... #AWESOMENESS !!! " Keselowski then got into a wreck of his own after the race resumed . No word whether it was a case of tweeting-while-driving , but he did post another message to his account minutes after his crash . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski had 185,000 followers in two hours Keselowski posted photo of Juan Pablo Montoya 's crash into a safety vehicle Keselowski then got into a wreck of his own after the race resumed
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli Military said Thursday that the "  vast majority " of Palestinians killed in the recent Gaza conflict were "  terror operatives " and the number of people killed was less than Palestinian sources reported . Israel says the majority of Palestinians killed during "  Operation Cast Lead " were "  terror operatives . " In an e-mailed statement the Israel Defense Forces spokesman 's office claimed their figures contained the names of 1,166 Palestinians killed in the conflict , called "  Operation Cast Lead . " The Israeli military said 709 of them were "  identified as Hamas terror operatives , among them several from various other terror organizations . " The remaining , the statement claims , were comprised of 162 names who "  have not yet been attributed to any organization . " "  Furthermore , it has come to our understanding that 295 uninvolved Palestinians were killed during the operation , 89 of them under the age of 16 , and 49 of them were women . " The Israeli military said it was releasing the findings to counter "  false information originating from various Palestinian sources , and in order to remove any doubt regarding the number of Palestinians killed in Operation Cast Lead . " The numbers presented by the Israeli military differ sharply from those reported by Palestinian sources . At the conclusion of the fighting , the Hamas controlled Ministry of Health in Gaza had put the death toll at over 1,300 , with the majority made up of non-combatants . More recently the Palestinian Center for Human Rights  PCHR  published a study that put the total death toll at 1,417 , including 926 civilians of which 313 were children under the age of 18 and 116 women . It reports that the remainder was made of 255 "  non-combatant " police officers and 236 who were took "  an active part in hostilities . " Jaber Wishah , a deputy director for PCHR told CNN his organization "  stands firmly on our published figures " and that Israel 's choice to classify police officers as combatants is "  illegal . " "  Such classification constitutes a willful violation of the principle of ` distinction ' which is a key component of customary international law . This raises serious doubts about the accuracy of the figures published by the Israelis , " he said . Wishah said the civilian death toll included "  large numbers of deaths inside people 's homes and other civilian facilities " and that it indicated "  the extent to which civilians were intentionally targeted . " Wishah said that until the Israeli government produced the names and details on which its figures were based that he could not comment further . The Israeli military has maintained that it went to great lengths to minimize civilian deaths and put the responsibility of civilian deaths on Hamas . "  The Hamas terror organization placed the primary fighting scene at the heart of civilian neighborhoods as it booby-trapped homes , fired from schools and used civilians as human shields , " the IDF said . Asked about the discrepancy in numbers , an Israeli military official suggested that natural occurring deaths in Gaza had been included in the Palestinian death toll numbers and that the total ratio of non-combatant to combatants killed was low . A spokesman for the Israeli military said it could not immediately make the list of killed Palestinians available and could not offer more detail on methodology .	Israel : "  Vast majority " of Palestinians killed in Gaza were "  terror operatives " Military says number of people killed less than Palestinian sources reported Israel says 1,166 died , with 709 "  identified as Hamas terror operatives "
CNN  -- As his father prepares to face the court in what 's being billed as China 's trial of the century , the son of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai has expressed hope that his father is able to "  defend himself without constraints . " In a statement supplied to the New York Times on Monday , Bo Guagua writes that it 's been 18 months since he 's been in contact with his father or mother , Gu Kailai , who is serving a suspended death sentence . "  I can only surmise the conditions of their clandestine detention and the adversity they each endure in solitude , " he wrote . Gu was found guilty in August of the 2011 murder of British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room . A family employee , Zhang Xiaojun , was also convicted in the killing and sentenced to nine years in prison . TIMELINE : Bo Xilai scandal The elder Bo is due to face trial on Thursday charged with bribery , corruption and abuse of power . "  I hope that in my father 's upcoming trial , he is granted the opportunity to answer his critics and defend himself without constraints of any kind , " the younger Bo wrote . However , he adds : "  If my well-being has been bartered for my father 's acquiescence or my mother 's further cooperation , then the verdict will clearly carry no moral weight . " During her one-day trial , Gu issued a statement saying she did n't deny allegations that she poisoned Heywood , but she said she did so because she thought her son 's life was in danger , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . Bo : Mother ` silenced ' Bo wrote Monday that his mother had been "  silenced " by the sentence , and was unable to defend herself against the "  opportunistic detractors that attack her reputation with impunity . " "  She has already overcome unimaginable tribulation after the sudden collapse of her physical health in 2006 and subsequent seclusion , " he wrote . "  Although it is of little comfort to my anxiety about her state of health , I know that she will continue to absorb all that she is accused of with dignity and quiet magnanimity . " Position unravels Before March 2012 , the Bo family was considered part of China 's political elite . The elder Bo was chief of the bustling metropolis of Chongqing , in the country 's southwest . His wife , Gu , a high-flying lawyer , and their son were the beneficiaries of his family 's wealth and connections at the top of Chinese politics . However , their privileged position started unraveling in March 2012 , when Bo 's right-hand man , then-Chongqing police chief , Wang Lijun , fled to the U.S. consulate in Chengdu with claims that Gu had been involved in Heywood 's murder . Bo was subsequently stripped of his posts and disappeared from public view . ` Sheer rubbish ' In one of his final statements , Bo condemned the treatment of his family , branding personal attacks as "  sheer rubbish . " "  A few people have been pouring filth on Chongqing and me and my family , " Bo said . "  They even say that my son studies abroad and drives a red Ferrari . Sheer rubbish ! I feel really furious . Sheer rubbish ! " In the weeks after the allegations emerged , photos of Bo Guagua wearing an unbuttoned shirt with his arms draped around female students at an Oxford college party started circulating on the Internet The photos drew a cool response in China were the sons and daughters of the political elite are often perceived to enjoy special privileges and treatment out of reach of most Chinese . In an open letter published on the Harvard Crimson in April , 2012 , Bo hit back at allegations he was living a "  party boy " lifestyle . He denied ever having driven a Ferrari and said that , contrary to reports that he was coasting through his course , earned "  a 2:1 degree  Second Class , First Honours  overall and achieved a First in Philosophy . " Bo graduated from Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government in May , 2012 . He previously attended Oxford , graduating in 2010 , and is reported to have recently enrolled in Columbia Law School .	Bo Xilai 's son Bo Guagua issues statement before father 's trial Elder Bo is accused of bribery , corruption and abuse of power Bo hopes father "  is granted the opportunity to answer his critics " Mother is serving suspended death sentence for murdering Neil Heywood
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo drove the race of his young life to secure an unlikely victory for Red Bull Sunday in an incident-packed Hungarian Grand Prix which saw Lewis Hamilton ignore Mercedes team orders to let title leader Nico Rosberg through . Australia 's Ricciardo overtook two-time world champion Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for the lead on lap 68 of 70 at the Hungaroring for his second victory of the season . Lewis Hamilton claimed the final podium spot after starting from the pit lane and spinning off the track on the first lap with Rosberg in fourth place . But the intense rivalry between the pair reached a head when Hamilton refused to allow Rosberg through at a crucial stage of the race . The German , who made one more pit stop than his teammate , showed his impatience on race radio . "  Why is he not letting me through , " he complained . Hamilton countered by saying Rosberg had not been close enough . "  I 'll let him through if he gets closer , " he said . "  I 'm not slowing down for Nico ... " The 2008 world champion 's stubborness looked set to be rewarded by a remarkable victory as he closed on Alonso , whose own tires were losing their grip . But Ricciardo , who won earlier this season in Canada , was the fastest off all the front runners and first went past Hamilton before surging clear of Alonso . Rosberg , who still leads the championship from Hamilton by 11 points , was making up about three seconds per lap on the top three after his stop for new tires , but his charge came too late . Hamilton , whose challenge was so nearly over on the opening lap , was helped by the safety car being deployed twice as drivers crashed out on a wet but drying track . The first safety car disadvantaged Rosberg , who looked impregnable in first place after starting from pole . Ricciardo was among those who were able to switch to slick tires at that point , while Rosberg had to wait an extra lap and lost position . "  It feels as good as the first win , it really does , " said Ricciardo at the trophy presentation . "  The safety car at first played to our advantage but the second one did n't really help us , but we got there in the end and I had to do the overtaking at the end which was fun . " Felipe Massa for Williams and Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari showed their experience by finishing fifth and sixth with four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel took seventh , again overshadowed by his young Red Bull teammate Ricciardo . Vettel was the last driver to start from the pit lane and take a podium spot in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix of 2012 and Hamilton was delighted to emulate him after a fire in his engine wrecked his qualifying effort on Saturday . "  It 's been a crazy weekend , " he said . "  The car has been fantastic but there were a lot of points lost this weekend . The brakes were very , very cold  at the start  and I was gone but I got going again and managed to push on from there . " But the ramifications of his refusal to follow team orders is set to rumble on with Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff telling gathered reporters there would be an internal inquiry , but "  no knee-jerk reaction . "	Daniel Ricciardo wins Hungarian Grand Prix for Red Bull Fernando Alonso takes fine second in his Ferrari Lewis Hamilton in third after starting from pit lane Hamilton ignored team orders to move over for Nico Rosberg
EW.com  -- CBS announced its fall premiere dates today , including the return of "  Survivor "  its 25th edition !  and the series debut of "  Vegas , " which features Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis . Here 's when CBS will roll out its new and returning shows : Wednesday , September 19 : 8:00 -9:30 p.m. "  Survivor : Philippines "  25th edition premiere Monday , September 24 : 8:00 -8:30 p.m. "  How I Met Your Mother "  8th season premiere 8:30 -9:00 p.m. "  Partners "  Series debut 9:00 -9:30 p.m. "  2 Broke Girls "  2nd season premiere 9:30 -10:00 p.m. "  Mike & Molly "  3rd season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Hawaii 5-0 "  3rd season premiere Tuesday , September 25 : 8:00 -9:00 p.m. "  NCIS "  10th season premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  NCIS : Los Angeles "  4th season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Vegas "  Series debut ` The Hobbit ' Scroll : First Look ! Wednesday , September 26 : 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  Criminal Minds "  8th season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  CSI "  13th season premiere Thursday , September 27 : 8:00 -8:30 p.m. "  The Big Bang Theory "  6th season premiere 8:30 -9:00 p.m. "  Two and a Half Men "  10th season premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  Person of Interest "  2nd season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Elementary "  Series debut ` Avengers ' short ` Item 47 ' : See poster art Friday , September 28 : 8:00 -9:00 p.m. "  CSI : NY "  9th season premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  Made in Jersey "  Series debut 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Blue Bloods "  3rd season premiere Saturday , September 29 : 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  48 Hours Mystery "  26th season premiere Sunday , September : 30 7:00 -8:00 p.m. "  60 Minutes "  45th season premiere 8:00 -9:00 p.m. "  The Amazing Race "  21st edition premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  The Good Wife "  4th season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  The Mentalist "  5th season premiere See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS announced its fall premiere dates Wednesday "  Survivor " returns with its 25th edition on September 19 "  Vegas " will debut on September 25
CNN  He 's a virtual unknown to American audiences , but James Corden proved he had what it takes as a late night host . Corden 's debut as the fourth host of CBS ' "  Late Late Show " on Monday night was one of the smoothest first episodes of any new talk show hosts in recent memory . Ignoring the usual five minutes or so of monologue jokes , Corden launched right into a star-studded pre-taped bit that showed how he got the job of host : by picking up one of CBS president Les Moonves ' Willy Wonka-esque golden ticket dropped by Chelsea Handler  a joke referencing rumors that she was in talks for the job Corden won  . Corden received advice from Jay Leno , Arnold Schwarzenegger and Meryl Streep as he trained to be the best host he could be . In a nod to one of his influences , Graham Norton , Corden brought out his two guests , Mila Kunis and Tom Hanks simultaneously . In the midst of their conversation , Kunis , who was sporting a ring , seemed to confirm  with a "  maybe "  that she had just married Ashton Kutcher , though that still has n't been confirmed and it may be that Corden , Hanks and Kunis are pulling our leg . The highlight of the show , however , was Corden and Hanks ' rapid fire rundown of his movie career , which has to be seen to be believed . Corden 's predecessor , Craig Ferguson , sang the new show 's theme song , and Corden - who co-starred in the musical film "  Into the Woods " - ended his first show with an original song . If Twitter reaction is any indication , Corden charmed enough viewers to draw viewers back Tuesday night .	James Corden 's first "  Late Late Show " premiered Monday on CBS Corden proved a charming , entertaining host Tom Hanks and Mila Kunis joined in the fun
More new judges . Faster appointments to top government jobs . Revised regulations and rules reflecting government policy . Those are the practical impacts from the nuclear option Senate Democrats approved to end filibusters of most presidential nominations and appointments . Obama supports Senate 's nuclear option to end some filibusters The politics of the move are messy , with majority Democrats saying it was needed to end unprecedented obstruction by minority Republicans , and Republicans contending it was a power grab . Both sides are right , at least in part . Here are five things that will change because of the move : 1 . Easing Senate gridlock First and foremost , eliminating the ability of senators to block most nominations means the majority party -- in this case Democrats -- can hold votes and approve presidential nominations and appointments more quickly . Before the rule change , minority senators could mount a filibuster that required 60 votes in the 100-member chamber to overcome . With Democrats holding a 55-45 majority , the filibuster served as an effective minority veto . Once a rare maneuver of specific opposition , the filibuster has become routine , especially since President Barack Obama took office in 2009 . According to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , the Nevada Democrat who spearheaded Thursday 's nuclear option rule change , there have been 168 filibusters of executive and judicial nominations in Senate history , with about half of them occurring during the Obama administration . In the Senate 's first move after the 52-48 vote Thursday to change the rules , it ended a filibuster against one of Obama 's three nominees for a key federal appeals court in Washington who had been blocked by Republicans . The altered filibuster rules also will apply when the day comes that Republicans hold the Senate majority , a fact emphasized by GOP leaders who decried the change . "  This changes everything , " veteran Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona told reporters Thursday . He blamed newer Democratic senators who never served as the minority party for pushing the issue , adding : "  They succeeded and they will pay a very , very heavy price for it . " What is the nuclear option ? 2 . More new judges Obama and Democrats have complained for months that Republicans prevented the President from filling three vacancies on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals , considered the nation 's second most important judicial body behind the Supreme Court because it handles many major government-related cases . The D.C. appeals court became the focal point of the filibuster issue , with Republicans blocking the three Obama nominees to prevent a more liberal-leaning majority on the panel that now has eight judges -- four considered conservative and four considered more liberal . GOP leaders argue the court caseload does n't require any more judges on the panel . Now , the three Obama nominees -- Patricia Millett , Robert Wilkins and Cornelia Pillard -- are likely to get Senate approval to join the D.C. court in coming weeks or months . Upcoming cases the court could consider include challenges to tougher EPA limits on carbon emissions and other regulatory issues . The Senate rule change specifically exempted Supreme Court nominations , meaning they still can be filibustered , though some Republicans argue that no such distinction exists . If Reid "  changes the rules for some judicial nominees , he is effectively changing them for all judicial nominees , including the Supreme Court , " conservative GOP Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa said . "  Apparently the other side wants to change the rules while still preserving the ability to block a Republican President 's ability to replace a liberal Supreme Court Justice with an originalist . " Both sides have been guilty of political hijinks over judicial nominees in the past . During the administration of President George W. Bush , Republicans who held the Senate majority in 2005 threatened the nuclear option to prevent Democratic filibusters of Bush 's judicial nominees . The confrontation was averted thanks to an agreement by a bipartisan group of 14 senators . Obama , then a senator , opposed the nuclear option at that time , saying on the Senate floor that "  in the long run , it is not a good result for either party . " Asked about Obama 's past stance compared with his support Thursday for Reid 's move , White House spokesman Josh Earnest cited increased obstruction of Obama nominees as the reason for needing to get the Senate working again . "  The circumstances have unfortunately changed for the worse since 2005 , " Earnest said , noting that there were 50 judicial vacancies when Obama took office compared to 93 today , and that many of the President 's nominees have bipartisan support but ca n't get an up-or-down Senate vote . Grassley , however , noted that almost half of the 93 judicial vacancies today lack a nominee by the President . 3 . Executive branch appointments When Obama nominated Chuck Hagel as his defense secretary , the choice seemed safe from major Republican opposition in the Senate because Hagel himself was a former Republican senator . However , the bitter partisan divide of Washington brought a GOP filibuster that initially prevented a final vote -- the first time in history that a defense secretary nominee had been blocked . "  What seems to be happening , and this has been growing over time , is the Republican minority in the Senate seems to think that the rule now is that you need to have 60 votes for everything , " Obama complained at the time . The rule change means that Obama and future presidents will be able to fill Cabinet posts and agency leadership positions more freely so long as their party controls the Senate . However , if divided government means the president is of a different party than the Senate majority , look for even more obstruction of such appointments in the future . 4 . Rules and regulations A major target of Republican political attacks now is Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , who oversees the implementation of the health care reforms passed by Democrats in 2010 and despised by the political right . In her job , Sebelius oversees the setting of regulations and rules under the Affordable Care Act , just like Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy is considering regulations on greenhouse gas emissions opposed by Republicans . That 's what agency and department heads do , and the ending of minority filibusters against a president 's nomination will mean faster implementation of an administration 's policies . By essentially lubricating the nomination process , the rule change increases the chances of more "  Ping Pong politics " in the future , with each new administration undoing regulations and policies of predecessors under the opposite party . Man who coined the term ` nuclear option ' regrets ever pursuing it 5 . Thorny politics The Senate rules change applies only to appointments and nominations , not legislation . While some Democrats call for a similar move to apply to proposed laws , such a step remains highly unlikely . However , Republicans warn that the rule change will harm the political relationships between senators of different parties that can lead to bipartisan agreements and cooperation on drafting and passing laws . "  There 's still quite a bit of legislation that goes through the United States Senate , and it 's done on the basis of people 's agreement and work with one another across the aisle , " McCain told CNN on Thursday . "  There are going to be difficulties from time to time where cooperation was probably the case in the past and will not be now . " With the Republican-controlled House already an opposition bulwark against Obama and Democrats , the President needs the Senate to have any chance to push forward his agenda . What remains unclear is how much the nuclear option will stiffen Senate Republican resolve to join their generally more hardcore House conservative colleagues in efforts to repeal or dismantle Obamacare , prevent immigration reform and other policy stances . "  We 're not going to shut down the Senate , " McCain said , then adding that "  we 're going to focus on trying to repair ObamaCare , which is plaguing the lives of millions of Americans . " Opinion : ` Nuclear option ' makes GOP do its job	Ending filibusters of some presidential nominations will ease Senate gridlock Expect more new judges and faster filling of government vacancies A full team means more regulations reflecting administration policies The changes apply to present and future administrations
CNN  -- English Premier League club Liverpool have rejected Chelsea 's bid for Fernando Torres and insisted the Spain striker is not for sale . The Merseyside club confirmed on their website that a bid had been received -- reported in British newspaper the Daily Telegraph to be around $ 63 million -- but that it was dismissed out of hand . The 26-year-old striker , who was part of Spain 's World Cup winning squad in South Africa , has scored nine goals this season , including two when the Reds beat reigning Premier League champions Chelsea back in November . He has found the net three times since club legend Kenny Dalglish took over the managerial reins from Roy Hodgson , and the Scot is said to be insistent that his prize asset is not allowed to leave . Liverpool agree fee with Ajax for Luis Suarez A statement on the club 's official website read : "  Liverpool Football Club have insisted Fernando Torres is not for sale despite the emergence of a bid from Chelsea . "  When presented with the story by the media on Thursday night , a LFC spokesman dismissed any notion that the Spain international was for sale . "  Chelsea have made a bid for Fernando which has been turned down , " the spokesman said . "  The player is not for sale . " Chelsea have also failed in their bid to sign Brazilian defender David Luiz from Portuguese club Benfica . A statement on the Benfica website read : "  Negotiations between Benfica and Chelsea over the possible transfer of David Luiz reached a conclusion today without the parties having reached an agreement . "  Contrary to reports in recent days , David Luiz never tried to force his way out of the club and is a model professional . " The news comes just days after Spanish club Atletico Madrid reported they had turned down Chelsea 's $ 82 million bid for Argentina striker Sergio Aguero and 24-year-old defender Diego Godin , from Uruguay . At a press conference on Friday , Chelsea 's Italian manager Carlo Ancelotti refused to talk about transfers . He told reporters : "  I always speak just about my players and Torres is not my player . I have to respect Liverpool . It is the same with David Luiz . "  I know very well what my club is doing now but I do n't want to speak about it . The club is trying to do everything to improve the squad . "	Liverpool turn down an offer from English champions Chelsea for Fernando Torres Spanish striker subject to bid of $ 63 million according to British newspaper the Daily Telegraph Liverpool spokesman insists Torres is not for sale NEW : Chelsea 's move for Benfica defender David Luiz has fallen through
CNN  -- A recall has been issued for enoki mushrooms produced by Phillips Mushroom Farms in Pennsylvania . The recall covers 3.5-ounce packages of enoki mushrooms bearing UPC 33383 67540 . The mushrooms were packed in clear plastic bags with blue or green graphics and sold from January 13 to 30 . Enokis are long , thin white mushrooms , often used in Asian cuisines . Preliminary test results showed potential listeria contamination , but no illnesses have been reported , according to Phillips Mushroom Farms . Listeria can cause flu-like symptoms , including fever and muscle aches , and sometimes gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea or diarrhea , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It affects primarily the elderly , pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems . Retailers are asked to remove the mushrooms from their shelves , pending further instructions . Consumers are asked to return the mushrooms to the place of purchase for a full refund . Visit http://www.phillipsmushroomfarms.com/ or call 800-722-8818 for more information .	Recall covers 3.5-ounce packages of enoki mushrooms bearing UPC 33383 67540 Mushrooms in clear bags with blue or green graphics ; sold from January 13 to 30 Early test results show potential listeria contamination ; no illnesses reported Listeria can cause flu-like symptoms and sometimes nausea or diarrhea
CNN  -- An elderly man and his granddaughter died after a bolt of lightning started a fire in a house in Louisville , Kentucky , on Thursday evening , officials said . The lightning came from powerful storms that struck the area , causing auto accidents , flooding viaducts and stranding cars . The 911 call from the people inside the house came in around 6:45 p.m. , said Vince Luney , communications supervisor for EMA Metrosafe , a public safety agency . Amid a flurry of other emergency calls , firefighters were dispatched to the scene and arrived within minutes . The elderly man was bedridden and his granddaughter was trying to get him out of the house , said Gregory Frederick , the Louisville fire chief . It took "  about 10 or 15 minutes to actually locate them because of the severity of the fire , " he said . "  We had to knock some of the fire down to get firefighters in there to effect the rescue . The fire had a pretty good head start on us . " Between them , the 30 firefighters on the scene pulled the two people out of the house . "  Those boys were brave -- the flames were going , they were running straight to it , back up a bit , and run again , " Billy Ray Garrett , a resident of the neighborhood told CNN affiliate WAVE . "  If anybody died in that house , it ai n't because of anything they could do , they were trying , they were fighting . " The elderly man died of his injuries at the scene , according to Frederick , and the woman was declared dead at a Louisville hospital . Several family members were present at the time and were notified , he said . Firefighters are investigating the blaze and are treating lightning as the preliminary cause . "  Lightning struck an 80-foot-tall tree , hit about 40 feet up , and it entered a phone wire that came in through the rear of the house , " Frederick said . Melted wire suggested the phone line had carried the lightning 's charge into the basement of the house , he added . Fire crews reported smoke in the basement upon arrival . "  It was like having a blow torch coming out the side of the house , " Garrett said . "  It was running all the way up the side of the other house , it was all coming through the bottom window , like a massive torch . " The house is still standing , according to Frederick . "  It 's got pretty severe damage to the basement and the first floor , " he said . "  It 's an older , probably 1940s-era house , so the fire traveled  through  sealed spaces and moved into other areas of the house . " Severe thunderstorms that pushed through the area included winds that topped more than 60 mph , according to the National Weather Service . The storms knocked out power in thousands of homes across Kentucky . Follow local coverage at WAVE-TV The roof of Louisville 's Crowne Plaza Hotel was partially torn off , sending debris onto vehicles in the parking lot below , officials said . No injuries were reported to EMA Metrosafe . "  We probably made somewhere in the neighborhood of 300 other runs " to deal with problems caused by the storm , Frederick said . A multitude of those requests came within 20 to 30 minutes , he added . In nearby Oldham County , a man on a boat on the Ohio River was struck by lightning , said Don Dahl , the North Oldham deputy assistant fire chief . The young man was in speedboat with about four other people when the storms rolled in from the Indiana side of the river , Dahl said . The man appeared to have taken a direct hit from lightning and was "  hurting pretty bad , " according to Dahl . The emergency services got the man onto land and into a waiting ambulance , which took him to a Louisville hospital , he said . The man 's latest condition was not immediately available . He was taken to the hospital with "  unknown injuries , " said Jason Smiser , Oldham County dispatcher .	NEW : A man is struck by lightning on the Ohio River NEW : The fire in the house was "  like a blow torch , " a neighbor says The lightning entered the house through a phone wire Storms in the area brought winds that topped more than 60 mph
Paris  CNN  -- Nineteen people have been arrested in a series of police raids on suspected Islamists , French President Nicolas Sarkozy told French radio Friday morning . The raids come a week after gunman Mohammed Merah , who killed seven people , was shot dead after a long siege in the southwestern city of Toulouse . The arrests took place in Toulouse , Marseille , Nantes , Lyon and the Ile de France region , around Paris , the Interior Ministry said . Authorities have not said that any of those arrested were directly linked to Merah . Sarkozy told Europe 1 that the decision to act had been taken by the interior minister and foreign minister "  to deny the entry of certain people to France " who did not share the country 's values . "  It 's not just linked to Toulouse . It 's all over the country . It 's in connection with a form of radical Islam , and it 's in agreement with the law , " he said . "  What you have to understand is that the traumatic events in Montauban and Toulouse were profound in our country . I do n't want to compare horrors but it 's a bit like the form of trauma visible in the United States and New York after 9/11 . We have to be able to draw some conclusions . " Interior Minister Claude Gueant said that several firearms , including five rifles , four automatic weapons and three Kalashnikovs , had been found in the searches , as well as a bulletproof vest . Speaking to French media , he said the raids targeted people who have made the claim online that they are "  mujahedeen , " or Islamist fighters , and support "  an extremely radical ideology . " The authorities ' decision to swoop was in part based on the suspects ' claims that they had received paramilitary training , Gueant said . Sarkozy suggested that more raids will follow , saying , "  There will be other operations that will continue and that will allow us to expel from our national territory a certain number of people who have no reason to be here . " Sarkozy said he was obliged to act to ensure the nation 's safety . "  It 's our duty to guarantee the security of the French people . We have no choice . It 's absolutely indispensable . " The Interior Ministry media office said "  the police had plans to carry out 19 arrests , and therefore 19 arrests were made in connection with the group Forsane Alizza . " Forsane Alizza is a pro-al Qaeda group in France with a cluster of followers in Toulouse . Merah appeared to have developed connections with the group , according to French media reports . The group was outlawed in January for encouraging French citizens to travel to Afghanistan to fight jihad . Police have been investigating whether Merah acted alone in planning his attacks . He is blamed for the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three Jewish children ages 4 , 5 and 7 . Two other people were seriously wounded in the shootings . Merah told police he had attended an al Qaeda training camp while visiting Afghanistan and Pakistan , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molins . But his uncle , Jamal Azizi , denied statements by French authorities that Merah was an al Qaeda sympathizer and that he had traveled to Afghanistan or Pakistan to train to use arms . Merah was buried Thursday at a cemetery outside Toulouse . Algeria , where his family is originally from , had refused to accept his body , Merah 's father said , citing French authorities . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : The raids targeted people supporting radical ideology online , the interior minister says Raids took place in Toulouse , Marseille , Nantes and Lyon and around Paris , officials say The operation targets those connected with "  a form of radical Islam , " Sarkozy says The trauma of the Toulouse attacks for France was a bit like 9/11 for the U.S. , Sarkozy says
CNN  -- When Kellogg 's dumped its endorsement of Michael Phelps after a photograph surfaced of the Olympic gold medalist using a bong , the company was stuck with thousands of boxes of cereal featuring the swimmer 's image . Kellogg 's ended its Michael Phelps endorsement , so it sent two tons of cereal with his face on it to a food bank . No problem . The company , based in Battle Creek , Michigan , made short order of the already-printed and filled boxes , donating two tons of cereal to the San Francisco Food Bank late last month . With food banks across the country reporting shortages of food , the donation was a welcome one , said the food bank 's director of development , Christopher Wiley . It took only two weeks for about 3,000 boxes to move through warehouse . "  Thousands of families benefited from the donation " Wiley said . "  It was a surprise to us . We were lacking a lot of cereal . It is a great product many low-income families really need . " "  The real story for us was not the box but what 's inside the box . The food is so valuable for the community . It 's making good from bad , " Wiley said . The food bank has seen a 6 percent increase in its customer base since the beginning of the year , he said . Phelps , 23 , won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China . He admitted "  regrettable behavior " after a British newspaper published the controversial photograph in early February . The tabloid News of the World showed Phelps using the bong during what it said was a November party at the University of South Carolina in Columbia . A bong is a device commonly used to smoke marijuana . The Phelps box attracted considerable attention to the food bank . Administrators received several calls from people wanting to get the box as a novelty item . But , said Wiley , all the cereal went to food bank customers . Kellogg 's was the only one of Phelps sponsors to drop the athlete , although U.S.A. Swimming , the nation 's governing body for competitive swimming , suspended him for three months , withdrew financial support and barred him from competition during the period of his "  reprimand . " CNN 's Jackie Castillo and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Kellogg 's donated two tons of cereal to the San Francisco Food Bank Company dumped the cereal boxes with Michael Phelps ' face after bong incident Food bank director : Helpful donation is "  making good from bad " More than 3,000 boxes of cereal went to help those who were hungry
Miranshah , Pakistan  CNN  -- In a tea shop in Miranshah , a dusty town in northeastern Pakistan , an empty kettle hangs on a hook waiting to be used , while flies hover over baskets piled high with sweetmeats drying out in the July sunshine . The surrounding streets are unusually quiet -- no children playing , no old men selling fruit , no whir of machinery from local workshops . The buzz of life has been replaced by deathly silence in the largest town in Pakistan 's troubled North Waziristan . Much of it now lies in ruin , its population nowhere to be seen . In a rare visit organized by Pakistan 's military , I was one of the few journalists transported into the region where the army has been waging a full-scale ground offensive against militants since mid-June . The operation has been named Zarb-e-Azb after a famous sword of the prophet Muhammad . Maj. General Zafar Khan , the commander of the Pakistan army 's 7th Division and the man in charge of the operation , told CNN that in the months leading up to campaign , the region had become "  a hub and safe haven " for militants -- foreign and local -- in Pakistan . For almost three weeks , North Waziristan , a mountainous region bordering Afghanistan , was pummeled by a series of air strikes before ground troops moved in . According to Khan , 80 % of Miranshah and its surrounding areas have been cleared of militants . Unfortunately , the local population appears to have been cleared too . The head of Pakistan 's Inter Services Public Relations  ISPR  , Maj. General Asim Bajwa , guides us through various compounds recovered in the town , which is now back under military control . Leaving the 7th division base , we 're driven through a land of beige , past villages such as Machis , which has been hit by drone strikes and now lies abandoned . Soldiers stand guard outside a suspected al Qaeda compound near the village . According to Bajwa , recovered pamphlets and papers indicate it was used by fighters affiliated with the terror network . We 're led down a series of steep steps inside the compound , and we find ourselves in a cold , labyrinth of tunnels , with only the dim light from our torches to guide us . Bajwa tells us the tunnels "  go on for at least two kilometers . " It 's a formidable operating base for militants . The drive to the town proper is surreal : vintage film music plays as the soldiers accompanying us discuss the Germany-Brazil World Cup match the previous night . Outside our windows , we see troops searching blast-damaged and hollowed-out buildings . We 're told not to stray from the group since the area has not been completely cleared of improvised explosive devices  IEDs  -- the signature bomb of militants in the region . According to Maj. General Khan , at least 23 tons of IED-making equipment has been recovered from Miranshah . In the courtyard of a house in the battered remains of the town 's bazaar , guns and ammunition have been displayed in abstract designs , bullets placed in macabre symmetry . Military officials tell us that this was the compound used by the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a murky terror group blamed for attacks in other countries in the wider region such as China . We 're shown the in-house dental clinic that they had established for themselves . Alleged terrorists get toothaches , too , it would seem . A mosque provides the front for another underground hideout ; a series of steps lead up to a bookshelf that opens up like a door into a secret passageway that we 're told was used as an escape route . It seems that no one was captured . Maj. General Khan says leaders of other groups such as the Pakistan Taliban fled into Afghanistan before the ground operation began . "  They now manage things from across the border , " he says . Military sources say over 400 militants have been killed in this operation , but information about which groups they are affiliated with is vague . Meanwhile , the number of internally displaced people from North Waziristan has now reached over 876,000 , according to figures released by the FATA Disaster Management Authority , Pakistan 's federal government organization that administers the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Despite the access , details about the captured militants seem opaque . As we 're leaving North Waziristan , we find that a new militant group called Lashkar-e-Saif has declared its existence , claiming that the regions of "  Spinwam , Dosalli , Razmak , Dattakheil , Shawal , Shava and other parts of Waziristan are under the full control of Taliban while security forces are only controlling Mirali Bazaar and Miranshah Bazaar . " The military denies the existence of any such group . "  We will never let militants return to North Waziristan , " Khan tells the press in this valley in the foothills of the Hindu Kush Mountains . Yet the very next day , Abidullah Abid , the spokesperson of the shadowy Lashkar-e-Saif claims they "  will welcome security forces with bullets in Waziristan . " This month of alleged gains by the Pakistani Army , it would seem is only the beginning for operation Zarb-e-Azb . Journalist Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report from Islamabad .	Miranshah remains empty after Pakistan military operation in North Waziristan The region had become "  a hub and safe haven " for militants , says army commander North Waziristan pummeled by air strikes before ground troops moved in New militant group claims several parts of Waziristan are under its control
While much of the world is focused on the Russian incursion into the Crimean Peninsula of Ukraine , another long-term move may allow the former Soviet navy to dominate U.S. interests to the north : the Arctic . The rapid melting of the Arctic Ocean is quickly creating a new variety of challenges that have the potential to cause significant global damage if they remain unaddressed . The Obama administration 's policy correctly recognizes that the United States has profoundly important economic and cultural interests in the Arctic but regrettably reveals very little about what the federal government will be doing outside of the science field . While recent U.S. policies either dance around the core issues , or worse , do not acknowledge that they exist , the Russians are taking the lead on Arctic policy . After all , the Arctic is in their backyard , too . Moreover , Russia -- as if to highlight the value they place on their navy and renaissance as a maritime nation -- took control of the strategic Crimean Peninsula , assuring and securing warm water Russian Navy access to the global commons . In light of these recent events , it would be wise for Washington to seriously consider the economic potential and security vulnerabilities that exist on or near the U.S. Arctic coastline . Overwhelmingly , the U.S. Arctic policy debate echoes past concerns of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . Consequently , many in the policy community are pushing a heavy science and no-development agenda to preserve the pristine character of the region . The recently issued Department of Defense Arctic Strategy is a case in point : It talks extensively about the DOD scientific mission and uses the terms "  sustainable development " and preservation of the unspoiled area as important national goals . But just saying "  no " ignores the fact that the precious Arctic mineral and oil and gas resources will help assure the United States is able , over time , to achieve and then maintain its energy independence . Science is incredibly important , as is safe and responsible development of the Arctic , but our agencies and scientists need to approach these issues with a greater sense of urgency . Arguably , the science needs to be a component of a detailed national action , but that 's only a fraction of good U.S. policy . U.S. Arctic policy should prioritize four things : One : Demonstrate leadership in the Arctic and develop a strategy and policy to match . The U.S. has no leadership in the high north and Russia does , which is a great concern for our allies . Two : Invest in infrastructure , Navy and Coast Guard to support U.S. security and commercial interests in the Arctic . The key here is to develop the policy that drives those requirements so we are not "  late to need . " Three : Demonstrate leadership in the maritime domain worldwide -- and not retreat as we are doing by default in the Arctic . Four : Facilitate and further develop offshore natural resources in the high north/Alaska and the national , international , maritime and geopolitical governance structures that will underpin those enterprises . Washington , in less than two years , will assume a leadership role when it becomes Chair for the Arctic Council . Unfortunately , the DOD policy and U.S. Navy Arctic Roadmap 2014 do not articulate what the U.S. Arctic leadership agenda will entail . The reality is ignoring the issues and choosing not to participate in the Arctic will not make the issues go away . Yes , budgets are challenging , but the Arctic is no different from any other international frontier or global common where the U.S. has interests . We need to protect it and demonstrate leadership in the maritime domain -- not retreat . So , too , our policy makers need to be looking beyond our shores to Moscow , Ottawa , Oslo , Copenhagen , the Arctic Council , international oil companies and Lloyds of London for help in solving this governance challenge . The last thing that any of the Arctic states can afford is to back into a Russian-generated crisis with no resources or a plan . The time is now for more U.S. leadership to ensure the Arctic becomes a safe , secure and prosperous region in which to live and work . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	David Slayton , Mark E. Rosen : U.S. Arctic policy needs to look more at security issues Russia , they say , already holds a dominant position in the region Scientific exploration is important , but that should not be the solitary focus , they say
CNN  -- Leaping from rooftops and doing backflips off walls is when Prince Haydar feels the most free . The 25-year-old from Baghdad is one of the city 's small band of freerunners , who take every opportunity to practice parkour in a city striving for normality and currently facing a resurgence of deadly violence . "  When I do parkour , I get rid of all the scattered thoughts in my head and empty all the anger from inside me , " said Haydar . From the streets of Paris in the 1990s , where parkour was first popularized , to Zawra park in Iraq 's capital , freerunning has become a global phenomenon . The sport evolved from French military training and involves running through urban environments using only the body to overcome obstacles and objects . In Baghdad , the challenges are even greater than in other cities . Haydar says his fellow freerunners have to contend with a public unsure of what to make of a group running and leaping through the city 's largest public park . There is also the threat of bomb attacks and indiscriminate violence in the city . "  It is dangerous and it is difficult to practice parkour anywhere , " he says . "  Sometimes we are exposed to arrested or misunderstanding from some people and there is the deteriorating security situation . " But despite these challenges , Haydar is committed to improving in his sport , and teaching its benefits to others . He was first turned on to freerunning in 2007 when he watched the film "  District B13 " that featured parkour in many of its stunt sequences . Inspired , he sought out internet clips of the sport in order to learn parkour techniques . "  We are a small group of young people and there are no parkour classes , " he says , noting that the group -- aged between 18 and 25 -- support and teach each other , going as far as pooling their money to rent a gym . "  It 's small and does not meet the purpose , " he says . "  It 's very far from our homes , but despite of all these difficult circumstances we go . " "  I love parkour because this sport is the art of movement and freedom and this art has made me know true freedom in this difficult life . "	Prince Haydar is one of Baghdad 's exponents of parkour Freerunning in Iraq 's capital is dangerous , he says , and freerunners often misunderstood Baghdad Pk group often trains in Zawra park , near city 's fomer Green Zone Members are self-taught and rely on internet videos to learn new techniques
CNN  -- The common flu rarely kills the young and healthy , but the Schwolert family knows it can . Their 17-year-old son Max felt ill on December 22 as the family drove to Wisconsin for Christmas vacation , beginning a series of ups and downs that would ultimately claim his life . At first , Max took Tylenol for his symptoms : a mild fever and nausea . He woke up the next morning feeling well enough to play in the snow with his two sisters . His family endearingly called him "  Panda , " for his gentle nature and 6 ' 4 " height . Flu picks up steam across the United States The next day , Christmas Eve , Max stayed home with a cough while his family attended church . The extra bed rest seemed to help . By Christmas day , Max felt better again , even participating in the family festivities . But later that night he took a turn for worse and never got better . "  He woke up very sick , " said Tom Schwolert , Max 's father . "  He had an excessive 104.9 fever , and we could not break it , " said Max 's mother Melanie . The Schwolerts took their son to the local hospital where he tested positive for the flu . "  Within 30 minutes the doctor was like , ` Something 's really wrong here . His kidneys are starting to fail . His blood pressure is really low , ' " Tom remembered . Max had to be helicoptered to Regions Hospital in St. Paul , Minnesota , but there was no room on the flight for family . Max 's mother had to say good-bye to her sick son and drive separately . That "  broke my heart , " she said . "  He looked at me and there were some tears rolling down his face . He said ` Mom , I 'm scared . ' I said , ' I know buddy , I am too . ' And then he saw me crying . He said , ` Mom it 's going to be OK , you 're going to be OK , I love you . And that 's really the last coherent thing he said to me . " Max spent four days intubated in the intensive care unit at Regions . A staph bacterial infection soon led to septic shock . By December 29 , Max was dead . When the Schwolert family returned home from Minnesota , the college acceptance letter Max had been hoping for had finally been delivered . Map : State-by-state flu numbers	17-year-old Max Schwolert died on December 29 Max had to be helicoptered to Regions Hospital in St. Paul , Minnesota Flu led to a staph bacterial infection that soon led to septic shock
BASRA , Iraq  CNN  -- The man , blindfolded and handcuffed , crouches in the corner of the detention center while an Iraqi soldier grills him about rampant crimes being carried out by gangs in the southern city of Basra . Iraqi authorities say this man has confessed to killing 15 girls , including a 9-year-old . "  How many girls did you kill and rape ? " the soldier asks . "  I raped one , sir , " the man responds . "  What was her name ? " "  Ahlam , " he says . Ahlam was a university student in the predominantly Shiite city of Basra . The detainee said the gang he was in kidnapped her as she was leaving the university , heading home . "  They forced me , and I killed her with a machine gun , sir , " he says . The suspect , who is unshaven and appears to be in his 20s or 30s , was arrested by Iraq security forces after they retook most of Basra in April . CNN was shown what authorities say was his first confession . On it are the names of 15 girls whom he admitted kidnapping , raping and killing . The youngest girl on the list was just 9 years old . Basra turned into a battleground between warring Shiite factions vying for control of the country 's oil-rich south after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . Basra 's streets teemed with Shiite militias armed with weapons , mostly from Iran , according to the Iraqi forces and the U.S. military . Watch a mom describe her three sons killed " For four years after the invasion , Basra was under the control of British forces , but they were unable to contain the violence and withdrew in September last year . Women bore the brunt of the militias ' extremist ideologies . The militants spray-painted threats on walls across Basra , warning women to wear headscarves and not to wear makeup . Women were sometimes executed for the vague charge of doing something "  un-Islamic . " In the wasteland on the outskirts of Basra , dotted with rundown homes , the stench of death mixes with the sewage . Local residents told the Iraqi army that executions often take place in the area , particularly for women , sometimes killed for something as seemingly innocuous as wearing jeans . Militias implemented their own laws with abandon , threatening stores for displaying mannequins with bare shoulders or for selling Western music . Many store owners are still too frightened to speak publicly . But the horrors of militia rule are now surfacing as some residents begin to feel more comfortable speaking out . Inside her rundown home , Sabriya 's watery eyes peer out from under her robe . She points to the first photo of one of her sons on the wall . "  This one was killed because he was drinking , " she says . She draws her finger across her neck and gestures at the next photo . "  This one was slaughtered for his car . " "  This one the same , " she adds , looking at the third . Her three sons , her daughter and her sister were all killed by the hard-line militia . Her sister was slaughtered because she was a single woman living alone , Sabriya says . "  They came in at night and put a pillow on her face and shot her in the head , " she says . Sabriya lives on what was once dubbed "  murder street " for the daily killings that happened there last year . On the day CNN visited , dozens of young men sat where there used to be piles of bodies . Sheik Maktouf al-Maraiyani shudders at the memory . "  Every day , we would find 10 or 15 of our men killed , " he says , adding sorrowfully "  one of them was my son . " His son was 25 years old . Now , "  murder street " is part of a citywide effort to get Basra back on its feet . In a project funded by U.S. forces , Sheikh Maktouf and others are being paid $ 20 a day and upwards to clean up trash . Watch the transformation of ` murder street ' " Basra may be part of the country 's oil-rich south , but it wallows in its own sewage and trash . The stench of filth is impossible to escape . The effort also helps with the massive unemployment plaguing the city . British forces officially handed over responsibility of Basra to Iraqi forces in December . "  The situation was so bad because the security forces were controlled by the militias , " says Brig. Gen. Aziz al-Swady , who commands the 14th Iraq Army Divison . To help curb the violence , British troops have returned to the city , adopting the U.S. approach of embedding with Iraqi units as advisers . The Iraqi prime minister also has flooded the city with additional troops , bringing in soldiers from western Iraq along with their American advisers . "  Now the citizens have started to trust the Iraqi security forces , " said al-Swady . The biggest difference is that residents are starting to leave their homes , something unthinkable just a few months ago . At one of the parks in the city this past weekend , a father named Al ` aa was out with his three young children and his wife . "  It 's the first time that we have dared to come here in two years , " he said . The park was once often used for executions . Everyone , residents and soldiers alike , knows the battle for Basra is not over . Militias still lurk in the shadows , and the security gains may not last without economic gains . "  The most important thing , our government must focus on finding jobs , different jobs for these people , " says Maj. Gen. Tariq al-Azawi .	Residents of Basra have begun telling stories of militia massacres Mom says one son was killed for drinking alcohol , two others slain for their car Authorities : Man admits to killed 15 girls , including one 9 year old Dad in park says , "  It 's the first time that we have dared to come here in two years "
CNN  -- Israel was founded on democratic principles with the Jewish state 's declaration of independence in 1948 including a commitment to the "  complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion , race or sex . " It has remained a continuous democracy ever since . The 120-seat Knesset is the Israeli seat of government . The seat of Israeli government is the Knesset , the country 's national parliament , located in Jerusalem , which Israel claims as its capital . The Knesset 's 120 lawmakers are elected by universal suffrage with all Israeli citizens over the age of 18 entitled to vote . Knesset seats are divided according to each party 's proportion of the overall vote . But parties must poll at least two percent nationally to gain a seat . Participation in elections , including among Arab Israelis who constitute around 20 percent of the population , has traditionally been high at around 80 percent turnout , according to Israeli government figures . Israel currently has around 5.3 million eligible voters . Israel usually holds national elections every four years . But this year 's poll on February 10 was called early -- less than three years since the last vote -- by Israeli President Shimon Peres following the resignation of prime minister Ehud Olmert amid allegations of corruption and his Kadima Party successor Tzipi Livni 's failure to form a coalition . Olmert has continued to serve as caretaker prime minister in the interim . Coalitions of two or more parties are common in Israel ; in fact no party has ever won enough votes to form a government by itself . Those remaining outside the ruling coalition make up the opposition . Thirty-four parties will participate in the 2009 elections , including major parties such as Kadima , Likud and Labor and also three Arab parties . The task of forming and leading a government is charged by Israel 's president to the Knesset member and party leader considered to have the best chance of forming a viable coalition . The prime minister-designate then has 28 days , extendable by 14 days , to build a coalition commanding the support of at least 61 Knesset members . Officials results are due to be published on February 18 with the new Knesset convening on March 2 .	Israel goes to the polls in national elections on February 10 34 parties bidding for 120 seats in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament Turnout among Israel 's 5.3 million eligible voters expected to be high Election follows collapse of Kadima-led coalition , resignation of ex-PM Ehud Olmert
London  CNN  -- Disgraced TV star Jimmy Savile lobbied former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher for government money to help fund a hospital unit , newly released archive documents reveal . UK TV host Savile died last year aged 84 but police are now investigating claims of sexual abuse during his long broadcasting career , saying they are dealing with about 300 apparent victims -- mostly girls who were in their mid-teens at the time . Who was Jimmy Savile ? The papers released Friday include a hand-written note thanking the then prime minster for a lunch invitation and shows Savile 's familiarity with , and admiration for Margaret Thatcher . "  My girl patients pretended to be madly jealous and wanted to know what you wore and what you ate , " Savile writes , adding : "  They all love you . Me too !! " In 1980 Savile was trying to raise Â # 10 million  $ 16 million  for Stoke Mandeville Hospital and asked Thatcher 's advice about tax deductions for charity . She wrote back to express her own interest in the subject and later to inform him that the rules for charity donations had been changed in the budget , explaining that "  the period for which covenants to charity must be capable of running is being reduced from seven years to four so that people will no longer have to commit themselves to such a long time . " Documents released by the UK 's National Archives further reveal that they met on several occasions . A note from a prime minister 's aide shows that in 1981 Savile asked her if the government would consider a grant for the hospital as a "  goodwill gesture " to all the people who had donated . Subsequent memos demonstrate that government advisers were sensitive about a financial commitment and pressed the prime minister to let them know if she had made Savile a promise about offering money for Stoke Mandeville or agreed to appear on his TV show "  Jim 'll fix it . " Read more : Inquiry slams BBC managers over Savile probe response The government eventually agreed to give Â # 500,000  $ 800,000  to help rebuild the hospital 's spinal injuries unit . Other documents released Friday under the UK 's 30-year rule detail the handling of the conflict in the southern Atlantic in 1982 after Argentina invaded the Falklands Islands . Testimony in the archive reveals Thatcher 's surprise at the invasion , describing it as "  the worst ... moment of my life . " In evidence given to the Falkland Islands Review Committee in October 1982 , and some months after the war ended , Thatcher said there were no warning signs from Argentina since its 1977 statement saying there would be talks . "  I never , never expected the Argentines to invade the Falklands head-on , " she told the committee . "  It was such a stupid thing to do , as events happened , such a stupid thing even to contemplate doing . "  I saw on March 3 that we must make contingency plans . Even then I did not think it would happen . The first time that I actually realized was on the Wednesday before ... but I never believed that they would invade , " the released papers quote her as saying . Read more : Scandal-hit BBC appoints new director general The files also show that Thatcher 's cabinet was trying to pursue a diplomatic solution to the crisis through the help of then U.S. Secretary of State Alexander Haig , whilst also preparing a military response . Thatcher made clear that the UK government would negotiate with Argentina but that "  the immediate requirement was for Argentine troops to leave the Falkland Islands and for British administration to be restored . The prime minister added that she would be "  guided by the wishes of the islanders . " Documents show the UK government also refused to give an undertaking that the military task force  at that time on its way to the south Atlantic  would be halted "  much less turned back " during a period of any Argentine military withdrawal . PHOTOS : The life of Jimmy Savile	Hand-written letter from UK National Arhives shows Jimmy Savile 's admiration for Margaret Thatcher Savile asked Thatcher if the government would consider a grant for the hospital as "  goodwill gesture " National Archives papers also show that the UK 's former prime minister was surprised by the invasion of the Falkland Islands "  It was such a stupid thing to do , " Thatcher told a Falklands war review committee
CNN  -- Murder and rape charges will be filed against a North Carolina man in the death of 5-year-old Shaniya Davis , police said Thursday . Mario Andrette McNeill had already been charged with kidnapping the Fayetteville , North Carolina , girl . She was reported missing last week , and her body was found Monday beside a road near Sanford , about 30 miles northwest of Fayetteville . Preliminary autopsy results indicate the child was asphyxiated , Fayetteville Police Chief Tom Bergamine told reporters Thursday , but testing is still being completed and a final report has not been issued . McNeill will be charged with first-degree murder and rape of a child , Bergamine said . The new arrest warrants were being served Thursday night . The girl 's mother , Antoinette Nicole Davis , has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses . Police have said they believe Davis was prostituting the child . According to police , surveillance video taken November 10 from a hotel in Sanford , North Carolina , shows Shaniya in the company of McNeill . Authorities had said Wednesday they would need to determine where Shaniya was killed before filing additional charges . Fayetteville is in Cumberland County , while Sanford is in Lee County . Bergamine said Thursday jurisdiction in the case would remain in Cumberland County . "  We started it from the beginning and wanted to finish it out , " he said . Police still are not sure exactly where Shaniya was killed , Bergamine said . Police earlier had said they believe the child was alive when she left the hotel . "  Current charges on Ms. Davis are standing as they are right now , " Bergamine said . But he told reporters the investigation was ongoing . He and other officers spoke about the emotional toll the investigation has taken on them . Grief counseling has been under way for officers at the department , he said . "  It 's been a tough case , " said Fayetteville Police Capt. Charles Kimball , the toughest in his 14 years , he said . "  Our mission was to find Shaniya and we did it . " "  This case here has reached out and touched all of us , " Bergamine said . Shaniya 's father , Bradley Lockhart , made a tearful appeal before reporters Tuesday afternoon , asking that "  everybody makes it a point not to ignore , to look past a situation where a person , a child , or anybody might be in danger ... so that we do n't have another tragedy like Shaniya . " The girl went to her mother 's last month , he said . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	Mario Andrette McNeill will be charged with murder , rape , police say Shaniya Davis ' mother also has been charged in North Carolina case The girl 's body was found about 30 miles from where she was reported missing
CNN  -- Young , athletic and troubled -- NFL player Chris Henry might have been a football cliché . After being arrested four times , suspended by the league three times and released once by the Cincinnati Bengals , the wide receiver appeared to be on a personal and professional comeback . But all that ended in December 2009 . Henry died after falling from the bed of a moving pickup during a fight with his fiancée . His death was considered a tragic and bizarre end to a life plagued by behavioral problems . This week , findings from Henry 's brain examination reverberated through the sports world , raising questions about head injuries and safety in high-contact sports . Doctors found evidence of brain damage , called chronic traumatic encephalopathy , that has been observed in retired players who 've had many concussions . Unlike those older players , Henry was 26 when he died . CTE is also known as dementia pugilistica , because career boxers who 've suffered repeated blows to the head have been known to develop the syndrome . Sudden stops and collisions can cause the brain to slosh inside the skull . Its effects are mainly neurobehavioral . These symptoms include poor decision-making , behavioral problems , failure at personal and business relationships , use of drugs and alcohol , depression and suicide . "  The effect on the brain appears to be damages to the emotional circuitry of the brain , " said Dr. Julian Bailes , chairman of neurosurgery at West Virginia University . "  We think Chris exhibited some of the characteristics of the neurobehavioral syndrome of CTE , " he said at a news conference Monday . "  We do n't know if there is a cause and effect . " The neurologists at the Brain Injury Research Institute at West Virginia University did not draw any association between Henry 's actions and the disease . "  His case highlights the fact there is documented damage in someone young and actively playing , " said Bailes , a former doctor for the Pittsburgh Steelers . Bengals coach : Henry ` beacon of hope ' before death The syndrome is believed to be caused by large accumulations of tau proteins in the brain that kill cells in the regions responsible for mood , emotion and executive functioning . Tau proteins are also found in the brains of patients with Alzheimer 's disease and dementia . The findings regarding Henry 's brain raised unsettling questions : Could CTE contribute to misbehavior of football players ? If Henry , a seemingly healthy athlete in his mid-20s , had signs of CTE , could other young athletes have this syndrome , too ? Dr. Jon Weingart , professor of neurological surgery and oncology at Johns Hopkins University , said extrapolating from one case , like Henry 's , would be a "  big leap . " "  That would be misleading , " he said . "  There 's not enough data . ... To think that this is something brewing in many players -- there 's no data to support that statement . " Weingart said the relationship between multiple traumas and head hits and CTE is not a proven cause and effect . At this point , it 's a correlation . Sports Illustrated : Concussions and football : Is the game too dangerous for our kids ? In 2009 , the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy at the Boston University School of Medicine reported that an 18-year-old multisport athlete who suffered multiple concussions also had CTE , a finding that a neuropathologist described as "  shocking . " MRIs and CAT scans are unable to detect CTE . Detecting the syndrome requires brain samples , which can not be given until a person is dead . The samples are colored with special microscopic stains . In Henry 's brain , doctors found a tau protein accumulation , inflammatory changes and white matter changes that were significantly abnormal . The fibers in the brain had brown discoloration and showed significant damage . In previous findings of former NFL players , the brown tangles flecked throughout the brain tissue resembled what might be found in the brain of an 80-year-old with dementia . Dead athletes ' brains show damage from concussions Henry could 've had a genetic predisposition for the type of brain injury , because a majority of the brains with CTE contained the gene called the apolipoprotein E3 allele . "  We may be seeing a genetic trend that Chris is in the 70 percent of those diagnosed with CTE , who have a special genetic sign , " said Bailes , the West Virginia University neurosurgery chairman . "  Perhaps that may be a clue as to who 's at risk for this to develop . " Genetic factors could make some people less able to tolerate subtle trauma to their brains . For example , some high school athletes get a concussion and struggle afterward , while others who experience the same degree of head bump recover without a hitch . "  There 's some variability of how someone is able to handle and recover from trauma to the brain , " Weingart said . Henry 's case has "  sparked a lot of social debate and reflection and was scientifically valuable , " Bailes said . "  We want to continue to study . We do n't have all the answers . We 're also looking , as soon as we can , to find treatment and prevention , " he said . NFL medical heads and Goodell convene on brain injuries The NFL has recently pledged to step up its efforts on head injuries and named new co-chairs and members to its medical committee . The league has also changed guidelines prohibiting a player suffering a concussion to practice or play .	NFL star Chris Henry was found to have a type of brain damage seen in older players Findings have raised questions about brain injuries and safety in high-contact sports Patients with CTE exhibit poor decision-making , behavioral problems , relationship problems
CNN  -- President Barack Obama does n't have much to look forward to in November . While a president 's first midterm election rarely goes well for his party , second term presidents do n't fare any better . The opposition party , even when struggling in the polls , has traditionally been able to use these elections to mobilize its base . The result has been that second term midterms create great congressional obstacles for the president in his final years in office . And , based on current polls , 2014 could well fit the pattern . Take a look at how midterms have affected second-term presidents : 1918 : GOP gains in wartime In the midst of World War I , Republicans rebounded in the midterm elections . President Woodrow Wilson had a number of major achievements under his belt . He had moved a sweeping domestic agenda through Congress , including the creation of the Federal Reserve and the creation of the progressive income tax . The president had also been able to mobilize support for American intervention in World War I. Although Wilson strenuously campaigned to convince voters that electing Democrats would help in the war effort , warning voters that Republicans "  sought to take the choice of policy out of my hands and put it under the control of instrumentalities of their own choosing , " his argument did n't persuade . Republicans gained control of Congress . In the House , the GOP exited the election with a 240 to 192 margin while in the Senate , after picking up six seats , they controlled the upper chamber 49 to 47 . The impact would be significant . Senate Republicans would successfully use their power and control of the committees to oppose Wilson 's request to ratify the Treaty of Versailles based on their opposition to the U.S. entering into a League of Nations . They ultimately blocked ratification . 1938 : Backlash against FDR Following his landslide victory in 1936 , Franklin Roosevelt and the Democrats seemed unbeatable . Roosevelt had transformed the federal government with his New Deal policies . In doing so , he had also formed a powerful coalition of industrial workers , farmers , progressive business leaders and intellectuals . But the sense of power was fleeting . In 1937 , Roosevelt tried to expand the size of the Supreme Court so that he could appoint more liberals and prevent the court from knocking down any more of his programs ; he also pushed a plan to reorganize the executive branch by granting the president 's staff more sweeping power over Congress . The proposals triggered a fierce backlash . Democrats lost 72 seats in the House and seven in the Senate . A conservative coalition of Southern Democrats and Midwestern Republicans formed in response and did extremely well in the midterm elections . Given that Southern Democrats controlled most of the major committees , the coalition would be able to block many of FDR 's domestic proposals and remain the dominant force in congressional politics for decades to come . 1958 : Start of a liberal force in Congress Republican Dwight Eisenhower was an enormously popular president who coasted to an easy re-election victory against Democrat Adlai Stevenson in 1956 . But two years after his success , Democrats scored huge victories in the midterm elections . They retained control of both chambers and vastly increased their numbers . The Democratic seats in the Senate rose to 65 , from 49 , and 283 in the House , up from 232 . It was not just the numbers but the fact there was an influx of liberal Democrats . The new members pushed domestic politics in a more liberal direction for the remainder of Eisenhower 's term and put issues such as health care , civil rights , and federal aid to education onto the national agenda . They would be the backbone of Lyndon Johnson 's coalition in 1964 and 1965 as he moved forward with the Great Society . 1986 : Democrats stymie Reagan 's final years in office Ronald Reagan struggled in 1986 . Although he seemed to be on the road to victory after his decisive defeat of Walter Mondale in 1984 , Democrats rebounded and in 1986 regained control of the Senate with a nine-seat increase in their numbers , thus controlling both houses of Congress . The next two years would be extraordinarily difficult for the President as Democrats were able to protect domestic programs and even push Reagan toward accepting measures , such as a tax increase , that went against his ideals . More important , the Democratic Congress launched an investigation into the Iran Contra scandal , which severely damaged Reagan 's standing and weakened his political position . Reagan would rebound by negotiating a major treaty with the Soviet Union , but his ability to move forward with any big ideas was severely hampered . 1998 : Clinton leads Democrats to gains despite impeachment President Bill Clinton was the only recent president to do relatively well in his second set of midterm elections . For a while , Clinton seemed to be on the ropes after his re-election . Republicans retained control of Congress , and in 1998 , House Republicans were conducting an impeachment proceeding against the President for having lied about his affair with an intern . But public sentiment went against the Republicans , not against the Clinton . Riding the wave of a booming economy , Democrats gained five seats in the House though they failed to regain control . 2006 : Bush suffers a "  thumping " President George W. Bush was feeling strong after having mounted a successful campaign against John Kerry in 2004 , drawing on the theme of national security . However , public frustration with Bush was mounting . Democrats pounded on the administration for his mistakes in handling Hurricane Katrina and revelations about interrogations of terror suspects caused trouble overseas . Many Republicans were blasting Bush as a big government conservative who had led the nation into an unnecessary war in Iraq . On the domestic front , Bush tried to use his political capital from 2004 to privatize Social Security , but the plan backfired . In 2006 , Bush suffered a "  thumping , " as he called it . For the first time since 1994 , Democrats regained control of the House and Senate . Democrats wound up with a majority of the House by 232 to 203 . The split in the Senate was 49 to 49 . But two independents caucused with the Democrats , giving them a majority . In the coming years , the Democrats used their position to change the national debate and to place immense pressure on the White House to redirect Bush 's policy in Iraq . In short , other than Clinton , presidents have suffered greatly in their second terms in the past century . The elation and momentum from the president 's re-election fades quickly . The problems and burdens that come from being in office , especially after an entire term of controversial decisions , never disappear . As with all midterms , partisans turn out to vote much more eagerly than moderates and independents who sit these contests out . Perhaps Obama will be able to pull off what Clinton achieved given the unpopularity of Congress , but it 's not likely . The continued controversy over the President 's health care policies and general frustration with Congress will make things difficult for Democrats . A recent wave of retirements wo n't make things any easier . And so it 's conceivable that Republicans could even regain control of the Senate while expanding their majority in the House . If so , the tough road that Obama has faced will only get that much harder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Most presidents fare poorly in their second set of midterm elections He says Wilson , FDR , Eisenhower , Reagan and George W. Bush all suffered reverses In past century , only Bill Clinton was able to gain strength from second midterm , he says Zelizer : Obama 's final years in office could be shadowed by midterm results
CNN  -- Florida health officials say they 've confirmed eight cases of dengue fever . Those infected have no history of recent international travel , the Florida Department of Health said Tuesday , "  so exposure was likely from local mosquitoes . " The cases were reported in two southeastern Florida counties : Martin and Miami-Dade . Dengue acquired from local mosquitoes is rare in the United States , Florida health officials said , urging residents to take steps such as wearing repellent to protect against mosquito-borne illnesses . Dengue fever is passed from person to person by mosquitoes . Unlike malaria , there are no drugs to prevent it . It also is difficult to treat and thus far , attempts to develop a vaccine have been unsuccessful . The World Health Organization estimates that there are between 50 million and 100 million infections each year . Dengue is most common in Asia and India , but more cases have been popping up in the Caribbean and Latin America in recent years . In mild cases , dengue fever causes a high fever , rash and joint and muscle pain . In extreme cases , it can cause death . According to the World Health Organization , about 12,000 people die of dengue fever each year . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say dengue rarely occurs in the United States . But this is n't the first time Florida has dealt with dengue . In 2009 and 2010 , officials documented 28 locally acquired cases in Key West . As dengue cases increase , Honduras declares state of emergency CNN 's Miriam Falco and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Health officials say local mosquitoes in Florida spread the disease Eight dengue cases have been reported in two Florida counties Dengue rarely occurs in the United States There are up to 100 million infections annually worldwide , the WHO says
CNN  -- The number of babies born in the United States dropped 2.6 percent last year , according to a recent study , the latest in a long list of falling indicators . The birth rate , which takes into account changes in the population , fell to 13.5 births for every 1,000 people last year , from 13.9 births in 2008 , and 14.3 births in 2007 , according to a new report from the National Center for Health Statistics . The news is not surprising , said Andrew Cherlin , a sociology professor at Johns Hopkins University , given the sad state of the American economy right now . "  The birth rate is falling because of the Great Recession . When people are unsure of their financial future , they tend to postpone having children , " Cherlin told CNN . "  It 's stronger now than in the last couple of recessions because this is a stronger recession , " he added . The U.S. birth rate has been declining since the start of the economic downturn in late 2007 . When the economy picks up , so should births , said Cherlin , though he stressed it will take time for people to feel secure again . Some of the women postponing having children now will have them later , Cherlin said , while others never will . During the Great Depression in the 1930s , roughly 20 percent of women never had children -- a percentage that Cherlin predicts the United States will hit again . The number of actual babies born in the United States dropped to 4,136,000 in 2009 , from 4,247,000 in 2008 , the statistics center said . "  I think it 's likely to be a few years before this turns around , " said Cherlin .	The U.S. birth rate fell 2.6 percent last year , according to the National Center for Health Statistics An expert says the drop is likely because of the current recession The U.S. birth rate also fell in 2008
CNN  -- A state trial judge on Monday blocked New York City 's plan for a maximum 16 ounce size for a high-sugar beverage . The ban would have included sodas , energy drinks , fruit drinks and sweetened teas . But it would have excluded alcoholic beverages and drinks that are more than 50 % milk , such as lattes . The ban would have applied to restaurants , movie theaters , stadiums and mobile food carts . But it would not have applied to supermarkets and convenience stores , such as 7-Eleven . Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's proposal was met with fierce opposition by the industry and public outrage at the loss of "  liberty , " the so-called "  nanny state " run amok . Beyond all the hype , the industry 's vociferous arguments , now adopted by a trial court , are badly flawed . In fact , the Board of Health has the power , indeed the responsibility , to regulate sugary drinks for the sake of city residents , particularly the poor . News : Mississippi governor reviews ` Anti-Bloomberg ' bill Would the ban work ? Nearly six out of 10 New York City residents are overweight or obese , as are nearly four out of 10 schoolchildren . This can not be acceptable to our society , knowing that obesity is such a powerful risk factor for diabetes , cancer and heart disease . No one would disagree that government should act , but how ? There is no single solution , but many ideas that would work in combination . One of those solutions is to control portion size and sugar consumption . Why ? First , the ever-expanding portions  think "  supersized "  are one of the major causes of obesity . When portion sizes are smaller , individuals eat less but feel full . This works , even if a person can take an additional portion .  Most wo n't because they are satiated , and it at least makes them think about what they are consuming .  Second , sugar is high in calories , promotes fat storage in the body and is addictive , so people want more . The so-called "  war on sugar " is not a culture war , it is a public health imperative backed by science . Opposing view : ` Anti-Bloomberg ' bill stops overregulation So , there is good reason to believe New York 's portion control would work . But why does the city have to prove that it works beyond any doubt ? Those who cry "  nanny state " in response to almost any modern public health measure  think food , alcohol , firearms , distracted driving  demand a standard of proof that lawmakers do n't have to meet in any other field . When a law is passed to increase jobs , spur the economy or subsidize a corporate sector  oil , for example  , we do n't insist that lawmakers prove it works . At least public health officials rely on science and try to craft rules that have a chance of workingâ $ " if not in isolation , then in combination with other obesity control measures such as food labeling , calorie disclosures , trans fat restrictions and access to affordable fruits and vegetables in schools and poor neighborhoods . Is the ban consistent ? The industry stoked the fires of public discontent with its campaign against the "  inconsistencies " in the soda ban . Why does n't the ban apply to milky drinks , why can 7-Eleven sell large sugary drinks , and why not ban refills ? Justice Milton Tingling Jr. bought both industry arguments : It wo n't work and it is inconsistent . He went so far as to call the ban "  fraught with arbitrary and capricious consequences " and filled with loopholes . Again , we find a double standard . Bloomberg did what every other politician does : balance public health and safety with realpolitik . Consider one of the judge 's major arguments : balancing public health and economic considerations is "  impermissible . " This judicial reasoning makes no sense . If policy makers could not balance economic consequences , virtually every law in America would be flawed . There is another huge problem with this argument . It assumes that unless public health does everything , it can do nothing . The whole art of politics is compromise . The mayor gets a lot of what he seeks to fight obesity , but not everything . Does the Board of Health have the power ? Admittedly , the soda ban would have been better coming from the city 's elected legislature , the City Council . But the Board of Health has authority to act in cases where there is an imminent threat to health . Does n't the epidemic of obesity count as an imminent threat , with its devastating impact on health , quality of life and mortality ? In any event , the Board of Health has authority over the food supply and chronic disease , which is exactly what it has used in this case . Members of the Board of Health , moreover , are experts in public health , entitled to a degree of deference . The fact that the proposal originated in the mayor 's office does not diminish the board 's authority and duty to protect the public 's health . Many health proposals arise from the executive branch , notably the Affordable Care Act . Should industry have an outsized influence on public health policy ? The fingerprints of the food and restaurant industries , with their clear economic conflicts of interest , are all over the public and judicial campaign to block the soda ban . Industry undertook a multimillion-dollar campaign , flying banners over the city and plastering ads over the subways . They immediately filed suit and hired the most elite law firms . Rather than recognize the public health effects of large sugary drinks , they chose to fight , reminiscent of Big Tobacco . What is worse , the public  and now a judge  fell for the industry 's manipulations . Most New Yorkers oppose the portion ban , while politicians in other states are scrambling to show their disapproval . Mississippi is about to pass a law forbidding portion control . Imagine that in a state with the highest obesity rate in America ! We are used to fierce lobbying for personal gain in America , but that does n't mean we should be duped by industry propaganda . Is a portion limit really such an assault on freedom ? It does n't stop anyone from buying soda . If consumers really want , they can buy several smaller drinks . It does n't stop companies from giving refills . There is really no great burden posed on individuals , only a little nudge in the right direction . At the same time , it could make meaningful changes in the drinking habits of New Yorkers . Why is the industry fighting this so fiercely ? Because when it is shown to be successful in New York , it will be emulated in major cities in America and worldwide . Is n't that exactly what we need to stem the tide of obesity ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence O. Gostin .	A New York state judge blocks the city 's plan to limit the size of sugary drinks Lawrence Gostin : A portion limit is not an attack on freedom ; people can still buy soda He says like Big Tobacco , industry has spent millions to fight this effort to combat obesity Gostin : The Board of Health has the power to regulate sugary drinks ; portion control can work
CNN  -- Manchester City hired Manuel Pellegrini as its new manager Friday and he was given the clear message that one of his tasks will be to develop younger players alongside the expensive stars bankrolled by wealthy owner Sheikh Mansour . The 59-year-old Pellegrini signed a three-year contract and will begin his role as Roberto Mancini 's successor on June 24 , the English Premier League club said on its website . Mancini steered City to its first top-flight title in 44 years in 2012 but last season it lagged 11 points behind Manchester United , struggled in Europe and suffered a shock defeat in the FA Cup final . "  Roberto did a great job , it 's not easy to win the title after 43 , 44 years , " Pellegrini said . "  But I think now we start a new cycle , adding to what Roberto has done . " The Chilean possesses 25 years of managerial experience , most recently coaching Spanish club Malaga . Like Jose Mourinho 's return to Chelsea , Pellegrini was widely expected to join Manchester City following the departure of Mancini . "  He shares the club 's approach to football and our ambition to achieve onfield success , coordinating with the wider football support teams to ensure natural progression from the Academy to senior level , " said Manchester City chief executive Ferran Soriano . After completing a reported $ 300 million takeover of Manchester City in 2008 , Sheikh Mansour has proceeded to spend more than $ 600 million on players such as Sergio Aguero , Carlos Tevez and Yaya Toure . In contrast , Manchester United 's success over the past two decades was based partly on the fruits of its famed youth academy . The likes of David Beckham , Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes and the Neville brothers , Phil and Gary , came through the ranks to feature alongside marquee signings Eric Cantona , Peter Schmeichel and Cristiano Ronaldo . Defending its league title last season , City finished a distant second after failing to sign striker Robin van Persie , who went to Manchester United from Arsenal . A pair of younger players signed in the summer transfer window , Scott Sinclair and Jack Rodwell , failed to make an impact . City could n't escape the Champions League group stage for a second straight term , while Pellegrini 's Malaga advanced to the quarterfinals last season for the first time , beaten by eventual finalist Borussia Dortmund . "  We have been greatly impressed throughout the selection process by his philosophy , his attitude , and his commitment to the long-term development of Manchester City , " City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak said . "  I am delighted that he has joined us . " Pellegrini led Villarreal to a second-place finish in La Liga and the Champions League semifinals , while in his one season with Real Madrid , in 2009-2010 , it amassed a then club record 96 points without winning any trophies . Mancini was sometimes criticized for his defensive approach but Pellegrini promised to play attacking football at City . He said others were interested in his services . "  I had other important offers from important clubs , " he said . In an effort to make up ground on United , City has already made two major signings in the off-season , acquiring Spanish winger Jesus Navas from Sevilla and Brazilian midfielder Fernandinho from Shakhtar Donetsk for a total believed to be $ 70 million . "  I 'm sure we have the best squad in the Premier League , we have wonderful players and can win more titles in the next three or four seasons , " added Pellegrini . "  Manchester City also has incredible fans . "  I think we have  everything at the club  to be successful . " His hiring completes managerial changes at the top three teams in the Premier League , after David Moyes replaced the retiring Alex Ferguson at Manchester United and Mourinho took over from Rafael Benitez at Chelsea . Mourinho left Real Madrid and Moyes bid adieu to Everton . Malaga , meanwhile , announced Friday that former Real Madrid manager Bernd Schuster would replace Pellegrini at La Rosaleda .	Manuel Pellegrini joins Manchester City on a three-year contract from Malaga The Chilean replaces Italian Roberto Mancini , who was fired in May Manchester City will try to reclaim the Premier League title next season
BriGette McCoy described how she was raped on her first military assignment , two weeks before her 19th birthday . She described how , later that year , she was raped by another soldier in her unit . Then came sexual harassment by two officers -- including one who requested that she be moved to work directly for him , she said Wednesday . Testifying before lawmakers , the former Army specialist described the "  anguish " and "  entrapment " she felt , and the horror of the ordeal that followed . "  I no longer have any faith or hope that the military chain of command will consistently prosecute , convict , sentence and carry out the sentencing of sexual predators in uniform without absconding justice somehow , " she told the Senate Armed Services Committee 's subcommittee on personnel . "  It even starts at recruitment , " she said . "  We have quite a few of our men and women that are being raped and sexually harassed during the recruitment process . " McCoy was one of four alleged victims who testified Wednesday about a problem the military has acknowledged . About 19,000 men and women suffer sexual assault each year in the military , former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said , though he noted that only about 3,200 assaults were reported . About 10,700 of those cases -- 56 % -- involved male victims in 2010 , based on anonymous reporting collected by the military . In painful , dramatic testimony , three women and one man , all of whom have left the military , described their suffering -- and explained why , in some cases , they never filed reports . They helped paint a picture of the military as a place where victims are often pressured to remain quiet or endure having their reputations and careers tarnished for coming forward . High-ranking representatives from each military branch also gave statements , each one saying how brave they thought those troops had been in telling their stories openly . They stressed that special victims ' units have been established along with training to recognize , investigate and prosecute cases involving rape . Maj. Gen. Gary Patton , the director of the Pentagon 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office , said that in his five decades of service , he 's seen massive cultural change in the military , including racial tolerance and increasing acceptance of gay and lesbian troops . Changing attitudes toward sexual assault will be no different . Only when rape within the military is treated with the same revulsion as friendly-fire will he believe a shift has actually occurred , he said . ` Chaplain told me the rape was God 's will ' Rebekhah Havrilla was sexually harassed by a team leader to such an extent that she needed mental health care and medication , she said . "  One week before my unit was scheduled to return back to the United States , I was raped by another service member that had worked with our team . "  Initially , I chose not to do a report of any kind because I had no faith in my chain of command , as my first sergeant previously had sexual harassment accusations against him , and the unit climate was extremely sexist and hostile in nature towards women , " she said . Later , she filed a restricted report against her rapist and the team leader . A year later , the former sergeant testified , she bumped into her rapist in a store , who told her he had been moved to her new location . "  I was so re-traumatized from the unexpectedness of seeing him that I removed myself from training and immediately sought out the assistance from an Army chaplain who told me , among other things , that the rape was God 's will and that God was trying to get my attention so that I would go back to church , " she testified . "  Again , I did not file an unrestricted report against my rapist . " "  Six months later , a friend called me and told me they had found pictures of me online that my perpetrator had taken during my rape . " So she turned to the Army Investigation Division , which carried out a full investigation , she said . An investigator had her describe in detail what was happening in each of the photos . After months passed , she said , she was told that her rapist had told investigators that he had had consensual sex with Havrilla . The command did not pursue adultery charges , and the case was closed . "  The military criminal justice system is broken , " Havrilla said . Later , after the hearing , Havrilla posted a message on Twitter : "  I have your name , Chaplain . Sweat in your britches . " Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut told military leaders that he appreciated their comments but criticized them for giving "  lawyer-like " statements . The problem of sexual assault in the military is a problem that demands a more immediate response . He called "  sexual assault " as an "  immensely destructive force , " likening the assaults to the problem the military first grappled with years ago over strengthening its insufficient body armor so that the armor could withstand IED blasts . Male victim : ` The culture of victim blaming must end ' Male service members are victims , of course , and Brian Lewis reminded senators of that Wednesday . Lewis told senators he felt "  humbled " to be "  the first male survivor to testify in front of Congress on this very important issue . " After enlisting in the Navy in 1997 , he was raped by a superior officer during his first tour , he said . "  I was ordered by my command not to report this crime . " Then , he said , "  I was misdiagnosed with a personality disorder " and was discharged . That remains on his record , he said . "  The military has shoved many survivors out the back door with inaccurate , misleading , and very harmful , almost weaponized , medical diagnoses like personality disorders that affect their benefits and future employment opportunities , " he said . McCoy also said many victims are let go with "  less than honorable discharges and personality disorders on their records , further hindering them from applying for medical treatment and medical claims . " "  The culture of victim blaming and retaliation while failing to punish the perpetrator must end , " Lewis said . "  We also need to ensure that prevention efforts are inclusive of male service members . ... We can not marginalize male survivors and send a message that men can not be raped , and , therefore , are not real survivors , " the former officer said . But , as senators pointed out , there are few convictions made in the military . According to a 2010 Defense Department study , only 8 % of sexual assailants are referred to military court , compared with 40 % of similar offenders prosecuted in the civilian court system . Military ` desperately needs to be shown the next steps ' Anu Bhagwati , director of the Service Women 's Action Network , was the fourth victim who testified . She said that in her years as a Marine officer , she "  experienced daily discrimination and sexual harassment , " which included rape jokes and "  commercial sexual exploitation of women and girls . " While stationed at an infantry school , "  I witnessed reports of rape , sexual assault and sexual harassment swept under the rug by a handful of field grade officers . "  Perpetrators were promoted , were transferred to other units without punishment , while victims were accused of lying or exaggerating their claims in order to ruin men 's reputations . " She called on Congress to grant "  convening authority over criminal cases to trained , professional , disinterested prosecutors . Commanding officers can not make truly impartial decisions because of their professional affiliation with the accused , and oftentimes with the victim as well . " She also called for civil courts to be opened to military victims . "  Congress must ensure that men and women in uniform can access the remedies available to all other aggrieved individuals under the Federal Tort Claims Act and the Civil Rights Act . Given the prevalence of retaliation against service members who report incidents of sexual assault and harassment , the absence of these remedies for military personnel is especially shameful . " "  We are looking , " she said , "  at an institution that desperately needs to be shown the next steps forward . "	Army specialist testified she was raped several times 19,000 men and women are assaulted a year ; only 3,200 are reported A military chaplain told one victim that rape was "  God 's will "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's abrupt change of course and decision to ask Congress to authorize a strike on Syria won praise from some who have bitterly opposed his foreign policy . But in his surprise decision , did Obama cede presidential power ? Over the last 50 years , presidents have successfully consolidated power when it comes to foreign affairs , especially when use of the U.S. military is concerned . Some say the concession to Congress sets a new precedent that bodes well for future Congresses and not so well for future presidents . "  This is a big deal and will tie the hands of future presidents , " said Peter Spiro , law professor at Temple University . Spiro said this is the first time a president has sought authorization from Congress for a limited military mission . He said it will limit the flexibility of future presidents to make quick decisions , potentially putting U.S. national security at risk . Draft resolution on Syria would limit strike to 60 days "  That kind of decision-making does n't work when you have 535 Monday morning quarterbacks , " Spiro said , referring to the number of lawmakers who will have a vote on Syria intervention as early as next week . Obama maintains , however , that he is not ceding his authority , but made the decision because "  the country will be stronger " if Congress is on board . Obama insists he still has the authority to act unilaterally . " -LSB- I -RSB- believe I have the authority to carry out this military action without specific congressional authorization , " he said Saturday when he announced he would seek Congress ' support . Obama and unilateralism Other legal analysts disagree , however , with Spiro 's assessment that the president is diluting the power of the office . On the legal blog Lawfare , Harvard Law professor Jack Goldsmith wrote : "  What would have been unprecedented , and a huge development for separation of powers , is a unilateral strike in Syria . " Oona Hathaway , a Yale Law School professor , agreed . She argued that the president had to seek Congress ' approval because he did n't have support from the United Nations Security Council . Obama looks to Congress to bolster legal case for Syria strike "  Going to war under these circumstances  without congressional or Security Council support  would have put him out on a limb politically and legally , " Hathaway said . Ari Fleischer , who was press secretary for President George W. Bush , sided with Obama . He said on CNN 's "  New Day " that this is "  a voluntary exercise where the executive has said to the legislature , ' I want you to act . ' " A return to precedent ? Presidential historian Robert Dallek said the president "  returned to a central part of the country 's history " of power-sharing that has "  a complicated history . " He said Presidents Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt would never have considered sidestepping Congress in the lead-up to World War I or World War II respectively . Presidents moved away from asking Congress ' permission in the 1950s , starting with the Korean War , when President Harry Truman declined to seek congressional authorization . Library of Congress historian Louis Fisher called the move "  the single most important precedent for the executive use of military force without Congressional authority . " Instead , Truman gained support from the U.N. Security Council and Congress did not object . President John F. Kennedy further consolidated power by authorizing the CIA to carry out the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba and by his actions in the 1962 standoff with the Soviet Union over the U.S. blockade of Cuba . President Lyndon B. Johnson boxed out Congress with the 1964 Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , which gave Johnson broad authority without forcing him to declare war . He used the law to unilaterally decide to commit 100,000 troops in the first stage of the war against North Vietnam . As a result , Congress passed the War Powers Resolution of 1973 to rein in presidents ' war declarations . The law says the president must "  consult " with Congress before U.S. forces are committed in an overseas conflict or within 60 days of U.S. involvement . Congress ' use of the War Powers Act is mixed , however . While President George W. Bush sought congressional approval for wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , presidents have often failed to ask Congress for support for smaller incursions . President Ronald Reagan did n't seek authorization for Grenada and Panama , President Bill Clinton avoided Congress over military action in Haiti and Kosovo , and Obama sidestepped the legislative branch for an expanded war in Afghanistan and intervention in Libya . Opinion : Obama , ignore the polls on Syria What if Congress turns down the president ? The most immediate risk for the president is that the Congress says no , as Great Britain 's Parliament did to Prime Minister David Cameron last week . Fleischer warned that Obama "  has to prevail on the vote . " Dallek said it would be "  rare " that Congress would not defer to the president on an issue of war . He pointed to one instance in 1939 , in the lead-up to World War II , when the president failed to gain Congress ' support to aid the British and French against Nazi Germany . Shortly after , Congress reversed course and gave Roosevelt the resources he wanted . Syria war resolution faces tough challenge in Congress While Obama 's decision will be debated for years , Congress ' response could be the real precedent-setter . During testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday , Secretary of State John Kerry said congressional rejection would harm U.S. standing among its allies while emboldening its enemies . As of now , Congress is n't completely sold on intervention in Syria . If a failed vote falls along party lines , Hathaway said "  partisan squabbling would make future presidents nervous " about seeking congressional authority . Dallek quoted Dutch historian Pieter Geyl , who said , "  History is an argument without end . " In other words , future Congresses and presidents  and observers  are likely to use Obama 's action and Congress ' response as evidence bolstering a position . Opinion : On Syria , Obama must show strong grip CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Past presidents have successfully taken military action without Congress ' approval One expert says decision will result in "  535 Monday morning quarterbacks " in Congress Other legal scholars say Obama going it alone would put him on limb legally and politically
CNN  -- The death of more than 300 African migrants in a shipwreck off the Italian island of Lampedusa in early October has shone a spotlight on illegal immigration to Europe . But although the tragedy at Lampedusa shocked the world , it has done little to dissuade migrants who continue to make the perilous journey across the Mediterranean from northern Africa to European shores . Frontex , the European Union border agency , says the majority of people residing illegally in the EU arrived by plane with a valid travel visa and simply stayed on after their visa expired . But Frontex also estimates that at least 72,000 people illegally entered the EU via land and sea routes in 2012 -- and the actual figure may be much higher . According to Frontex 's "  Annual Risk Analysis 2013 " report , 51 % of migrants entering illegally via land and sea took an eastern Mediterranean route , with many crossing into Greece before continuing on to the western Balkans by land or through ferry links to Italy . OPINION : Europe 's immigration nightmare just beginning While detections of illegal border crossings dropped in the western Mediterranean area between northern Africa and Spain , attempted migrant incursions through the central Mediterranean region -- including Italy -- are up in 2012 , according to the report . Many of the migrants are fleeing violence and poverty in places like Syria and Libya . The deaths of hundreds of migrants in early October has prompted EU leaders to review the bloc 's immigration policies . OPINION : EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize The EU 's commissioner for home affairs , Cecilia Malmstrom , issued a statement in early October calling on European nations to give Frontex the resources to mount "  a wide Frontex search and rescue operation in the Mediterranean , from Cyprus to Spain . " The EU also said it is setting up a new border surveillance system and Mediterranean task force to bolster its efforts and will review its asylum immigration policies next summer . OPINION : What 's the place of outsiders in Europe ? But in the meantime , observers do n't expect any let-up in migrant boats attempting to reach the shores of southern Europe . Explore the breakdown of the routes immigrants are taking into the EU in the infographic above .	Frontex : At least 72,000 illegally entered EU via land and sea routes in 2012 51 % of migrants entering illegally took an eastern Mediterranean route , says border agency Migrant crossings through central Mediterranean , including Lampedusa , are on the rise Frontex says majority of those living illegally in Europe arrived by plane with valid travel visa
Washington  CNN  -- Half a million copies of a new children 's book by President Barack Obama hit the shelves Tuesday . First daughters Sasha and Malia inspired the president to write "  Of Thee I Sing : A Letter to My Daughters , " publisher Random House said . The publisher describes Obama 's latest book as "  a moving tribute to 13 groundbreaking Americans and the ideals that have shaped our nation -- from the artistry of Georgia O'Keeffe , to the courage of Jackie Robinson , to the patriotism of George Washington . " The manuscript was completed before Obama took office in 2009 , Random House said in a statement released in September . The book "  celebrates the characteristics that unite all Americans -- the potential to pursue our dreams and forge our own paths , " said Chip Gibson , head of the publisher 's children 's books division . Proceeds from the book , which has a suggested retail price of $ 17.99 , will be donated to the Fisher House Foundation for a scholarship fund for children of fallen and disabled soldiers . The book includes illustrations by artist Loren Long , who also illustrated Madonna 's 2003 children 's book , "  Mr. Peabody 's Apples . " "  Fisher House Foundation is honored to be chosen as the recipient of the author 's proceeds from President Obama 's book ` Of Thee I Sing : A Letter to My Daughters , ' " said foundation chairman Ken Fisher . The cover illustration shows Sasha and Malia walking across a green lawn with their pet dog , Bo . Obama also wrote the international best-sellers "  Dreams from My Father " and "  The Audacity of Hope . " He is n't the only White House resident to enter the children 's book world . In 2008 , HarperCollins released "  Read All About It ! " a book penned by former first lady Laura Bush and first daughter Jenna Bush .	The book celebrates 13 "  groundbreaking " Americans Random House says the manuscript was completed before the president took office The first run of the book will include 500,000 copies Proceeds will be donated to the children of fallen and disabled soldiers
CNN  -- Taliban official Hakeemullah Mehsud has been selected the new head of the Pakistani Taliban , a local Taliban commander in Pakistan 's federally administered tribal areas told CNN Saturday . Baitullah Mehsud , right , former leader of the Pakistani Taliban , and a bodyguard in Pakistan , in 2004 . Mehsud was selected Friday by a 42-member Taliban council , or shura , according to Taliban commander Qari Haris . Another Taliban official -- Maulvi Faqir Mohammad -- had been tapped as Mehsud 's deputy , Haris said . Mohammad had named himself acting head of the Pakistani Taliban on Wednesday . A third official -- Hazem Tariq -- was named the group 's new spokesman , Haris added . The announced selection underscored the contention by Pakistani and U.S. officials that the group 's former leader , Baitullah Mehsud , was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan . Both Mohammad and Haris claim Mehsud is alive but ill . Pakistani officials announced Tuesday that two top figures in the Pakistani Taliban had been arrested . Saif Ullah is believed to have been Baitullah Mehsud 's right-hand man , and Maulvi Umar is the well-known spokesman for the militant group . Umar recently declared that Mehsud had not been killed in a drone strike on his father-in-law 's house , but a senior Pakistani official said that Umar had admitted under questioning that Mehsud was dead . The top U.S. envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , told CNN that the Pakistani Taliban had not confirmed Mehsud 's death because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor . Journalists Janullah Hamizshada and Nazar ur Islam contributed to this report .	Taliban official Hakeemullah Mehsud was selected Friday by 42-member panel Taliban officials say former leader Baitullah Mehsud is alive but ill Taliban official Maulvi Faqir Mohammad tapped as new leader 's deputy
The world 's most powerful democracy and the world 's most absolute monarchy have long been close , if unlikely , allies . They are bound together by common interests -- the free flow of oil and , more recently , fighting al Qaeda . That alliance was first sealed between President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Saudi King Adul Aziz on February 14 , 1945 , when they met on the deck of the USS Quincy as the American warship cruised in the Suez Canal . FDR and his advisors knew that oil , of which Saudi Arabia was well endowed , was a key component of America 's economy . Indeed , Standard Oil of California had signed a farsighted deal a decade earlier giving it exclusive production rights in Saudi Arabia . Thomas Lippman , who has written authoritatively on U.S.-Saudi relations , writes that as result of the meeting on the Quincy , the American president gave the Saudi king a DC-3 airplane that was specially outfitted with a rotating throne that allowed the king always to face the holy site of Mecca while he was in the air . For his part , King Abdul Aziz so enjoyed his meals as the president 's guest on board the Quincy that he surprised his host with an unusual demand : he wanted to take the Quincy 's cook for himself . FDR was able to diplomatically ward off this request .  The concept that human beings are not personal property came to the Saudi kingdom relatively late ; slavery was only abolished there in 1962 . For more than six decades after that important meeting on the Quincy the Saudi-American relationship has largely worked well for both countries . Saudi Arabia is the world 's largest oil producer and sits on around a fifth of the world 's proven oil reserves and therefore it can set oil prices by increasing or lowering oil production . Generally it has done so in ways that respect American interests . When the Saudis really needed the States following Saddam Hussein 's 1990 invasion of their neighbor Kuwait , the United States sent a half a million troops to the Gulf to expel Saddam 's forces . The news that 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers were Saudis certainly put something of a dent in the U.S.-Saudi alliance , but the George W. Bush administration had close ties to the Saudis and matters were soon smoothed over , particularly after 2003 when al Qaeda began staging attacks on Westerners and oil facilities in the Saudi kingdom , at which point the Saudis launched an effective crackdown on the group . Controversy stirs anew over Saudi textbooks with Obama set to visit Yet today , the Saudi-American alliance has never been in worse shape . That is why on Friday President Barack Obama met with Saudi King Abdullah , one of the sons of King Abdul Aziz , in an attempt to patch things up . What went wrong ? In recent months the normally hyper-discreet Saudis have gone on the record about their dissatisfactions with the Obama administration . In December , Prince Turki al-Faisal , the former Saudi intelligence chief and ambassador to Washington , took the highly unusual step of publicly criticizing the administration , "  We 've seen several red lines put forward by the president , which went along and became pinkish as time grew , and eventually ended up completely white ... When that kind of assurance comes from a leader of a country like the United States , we expect him to stand by it . " It 's inconceivable that Prince Turki , whose brother is the Saudi foreign minister , would make these public comments without approval from the highest levels of the Saudi government . Why are the Saudis going public with their dissatisfaction with the Obama administration ? The laundry list of Saudi complaints most recently is that the United States did n't make good on its "  red line " threat to take action against the Bashar al Assad regime in Syria following its use of chemical weapons against its own population . Syria is a close ally of Saudi Arabia 's archrival , Iran , and the Saudis are also growing apprehensive that the United States will not take a firm line on Iran 's nuclear program -- which the Saudis see as an almost-existential threat -- now that the U.S.-Iranian relations have recently thawed . The Saudi were also puzzled by the fact that the Obama administration seemed willing to let a longtime U.S. ally , Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak , be thrown overboard during the "  Arab Spring " of early 2011 . What did that say about other longtime U.S. allies in the region ? Interestingly , these list of gripes look quite similar to those of another powerful player in the Middle East -- Israel . Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , the powerful Saudi Minister of Interior , was in Washington last month . According to a senior Saudi official his discussions in Washington ahead of Obama 's trip were all about Syria . Here Washington and Riyadh have a real common interest ; preventing the rise of al Qaeda in Syria . Saudi Arabia made it a crime last month for its citizens to travel to fight in overseas conflicts such as the Syrian civil war . Those Saudis who have gone to fight in Syria often join al-Qaeda-aligned groups . Some 1,200 Saudis have traveled to Syria , of whom 220 have returned to the kingdom , according to the senior Saudi official . There is great concern in the kingdom about potential "  blowback " caused by such militants who have obtained battlefield experience in Syria . Both the United States and Saudi Arabia have an interest in blocking al Qaeda 's growth in Syria . Obama and King Abdullah met on Friday outside Riyadh . After the meeting , a senior US official said that the United States and Saudi Arabia remain "  very much aligned " despite recent policy differences over issues like Iran .	U.S. has had alliance with Saudi Arabia since 1945 ; Obama met King Abudullah Friday Peter Bergen says the relationship is now at its lowest point Saudis are upset that Obama did n't stand by the "  red line " he drew on Syria Bergen : Two nations share common ground in opposing al Qaeda 's rise in Syria
London  CNN  -- That 's what puts bread and butter on the table ! " chirped golfing great Gary Player as he putted a ball effortlessly on the green . The man who has trademarked himself as the "  World 's Most Traveled Athlete " says he has racked up more than 15 million air miles traveling the world in a stellar career that saw him win 165 tournaments and nine major championships over five decades . But a lot has changed since his early days on the pro golf circuit . Watch video : Golf legend Gary Player "  When I first traveled 60 years ago there were no jets . We traveled from South Africa to America for example , it took us over 40 hours -- four stops , " said Player at a golf course in Kent , an hour outside of London . "  We used to stop at a place called Cocos Island and I remember the captain saying ` Folks we 're going to be here for two hours -- lie on the beach , you can have some coconut juice , there 's some sun screen , have a drink and when you hear TO WOOOO , come and get back on the plane . ' "  It really is amazing how things have changed . Now , even though you fly non-stop all over the world , planes are never on time and there 's a delay to get off the plane . I think airports should make it easier for people coming through -- I know they do try but that 's not good enough . " Having only landed from South Africa a few hours before the interview , Player was on good form with his trademark enthusiasm and humor . "  When you talk about exercise and eating correctly it 's easier to get a camel through the eye of a needle , " he said . Athletes are the ultimate road warriors , crossing continents and oceans , fighting through jetlag to compete and perform at the highest level . Jet lag is the bane of long-haul travelers , especially red-eye flights , and everyone tries to cope in different ways , with the rule of thumb being "  one day to recover for one hour time difference . " See also : Paralympic stars on fast track to London Player is very specific when giving his advice on how to stay healthy on the road , especially before your journey begins . "  You 've got to be very fit , " he said . "  Before I left last night I had a strenuous workout which helped me to sleep on the plane . "  I did n't have any dinner of any sorts . All I had were a few grapes and a banana . And this morning I did n't have any breakfast . You must make sure you drink a lot of water ; when you arrive at your destination try and have a hot and cold shower to get the blood circulating , sleep for an hour , not too long and just get and go about your day normally . " See also : On the road with sports stars Player said his favorite golfing victory was the 1965 Australian open -- not because of the tournament itself but what he put his body through beforehand . The day before the tournament began , Arnold Palmer , Jack Nicklaus and Player had to fly from Paris to Melbourne , Australia -- via New York , Los Angeles , Hawaii , Fiji and Sydney , he said . "  Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus said no , they were n't prepared to play -- but I did , " Player recalled . "  I got there three hours before . I 'd never seen Melbourne in my life , they gave me a brand new set of golf clubs and I won the Australian open by seven shots . I just putted and held every single putt . " This year , at the age of 76 , Player became the 10th recipient of the PGA Tour 's Lifetime Achievement Award . He is still as active as ever , traveling the world designing golf courses and breeding horses on his stud farm in South Africa . With such a busy schedule , exercise is still a major part of his daily routine . "  I exercise my entire body . I work out , I punch the bags in gyms sometimes , but I ride horses , I work on my farm . "  I do a thousand sit-ups -- some on a ball , some on a bench , some on the floor , some on these crunch machines , I do a whole variety because you do n't want your body to know what you 're going to give it that day . " Player then makes a fist with his right hand and thumps his torso three times . "  You got to keep this -- see ? That 's got to be HARD ! Because your core holds your body together . " Ayesha Durgahee is the resident reporter on CNN 's Business Traveller . Follow Ayesha on Twitter at @AyeshaCNN .	Golf great Gary Player calls himself "  world 's most traveled athlete ' He says he has notched up more than more than 15 million air miles in a stellar career Player says exercise and diet are key to staying healthy on the road Aged 76 , Player still does 1,000 sit ups when he works out
CNN  -- In recent days , Michoacan , the home state of President Felipe Calderon , has become a flashpoint of violence in Mexico 's deadly war against drug cartels . Since Calderon went after the drug cartels shortly after coming into office in 2006 , more than 10,000 people have died across Mexico , about 1,000 of them police . In the latest incident , 12 bodies of federal police officers were found on the side of a remote highway , said Monte Alejandro Rubido Garcia , technical secretary for Mexico 's national security council , at a news conference Tuesday . The bodies showed evidence of torture . The officers were "  ambushed while they were off duty by an armed group , " Rubido said . One of the 12 officers was a woman . The bodies were found in a pile near the town of La Huacana , he added . Rubido said the slain officers had been doing "  investigative work " in the city of Arteaga in Michoacan , one of the states most affected by the government 's offensive against drug cartels . Rubido announced the arrest of Francisco Javier Frias Lara , known as "  El Chivo , " in connection with the killings of the officers . Frias is a member of La Familia Michoacana , one of the region 's most powerful drug cartels , Rubido said . Federal police around the country will redouble security measures for its agents , Rubido said . The sudden spike in violence followed the arrest Saturday of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , who authorities described as a high-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana . Cartel members first attacked the federal police station in Morelia to try to gain freedom for Rueda , authorities said . When that failed , the drug gangs attacked police installations in at least a half-dozen Michoacan cities . Coordinated attacks in eight cities over the weekend left three federal police officers and two soldiers dead . It was the federal police who arrested Rueda , and the current spate of attacks appear aimed at them in revenge . On Tuesday , two federal police officers were killed and four wounded in an ambush in Michoacan , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Also Tuesday , a federal police station in the Michoacan city of Maravatio was attacked , news reports said . There were no immediate reports of casualties . A local Michoacan newspaper put the body count in recent days at 32 . La Familia Michoacana emerged in the 1990s as a conservative paramilitary group designed to insulate the state from the large drug cartels , said Bruce Bagley , a professor at the University of Miami and expert on drug trafficking . But over the years , the group evolved into a drug trafficking operation itself , forging strategic alliances with warring cartels to raise its own profile . This week 's violence solidifies the cartel as a major and violent player in Mexico 's drug wars , Bagley said . "  This represents the third evolution of the Familia Michoacana , " he said . Reprisals from drug cartels following major arrests have been reported before , but the intensity of these attacks in Michoacan are unprecedented . La Familia Michoacana wants "  to demonstrate that they have power and will not go away quietly into the night , " Bagley said . Video from the scene of the slain officers showed three signs , known as narcomensajes , left by the killers that stated the same thing : "  So that you come for another . We will be waiting for you here . " But the state of Michoacan , on Mexico 's southwest Pacific coast , is not alone in the wave of violence sweeping the country . The border city of Ciudad Juarez set a record this weekend when its toll of drug-related deaths for the year topped 1,000 , a distinction the Mexican city did not reach last year until September . At this point last year , the violence-plagued city across the border from El Paso , Texas , had tallied 596 killings , El Universal newspaper said Tuesday , citing figures from the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office . Also in Chihuahua state , a mayor was shot and killed Tuesday morning while on his way to work . Ariel Meixequeiro had twice before temporarily left his post because he had been threatened by crime gangs , El Universal said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Michoacan , home state of President Calderon , has become a flashpoint In latest violence in Michoacan , bodies of 12 federal police officers found La Familia Michoacana has emerged as a powerful and deadly cartel More than 10,000 people have died in Mexico since Calderon has gone after cartels
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The families of two boys allegedly shot to death by a U.S. consular employee as they tried to rob him have filed a complaint with Lahore police against the American , accusing him of two murders , a police spokesman said . Nayab Haider said the complaint , called a "  first information report , " triggers an official investigation by police , who will submit their findings to a court . The court then will decide on what , if any , charges will be filed . The American was driving in a busy area known as Kartaba Chawk when two boys on a motorcycle tried to rob him , said another police official , Faisal Rana . The American shot both boys , he said . Rana identified the American as Raymond Davis . Alberto Rodriguez , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , confirmed that the man involved in the shooting is an employee of the U.S. consulate but did not confirm his identity . Rodriguez also said he could not confirm details of the police account . Rana said the man surrendered to police and was in custody . Rodriguez , however , could not say whether the man was in police custody or whether he had been turned over to the consulate . In addition , Rana said , a car from the U.S. consulate was involved in an accident that killed a motorcyclist while it was en route to the police station in response to the shooting incident . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	NEW : The families of two boys allegedly killed by an American have filed a complaint The two boys tried to rob the man , police say The American is employed by the consulate in Lahore , police say
New York  CNN  -- There are some very happy chefs and restaurateurs , cookbook authors , food journalists and other outstanding names in food and drink . They are the latest winners of the James Beard Foundation Awards , which are often referred to as the Oscars of the food world . The ceremony was held at New York 's Lincoln Center on Monday night . The awards were established in 1990 by the nonprofit that bears the name of one of America 's founding food writers and cooks . Although the journalism , media and cookbook categories call for self-nomination  and an entry fee  , anyone can suggest a chef or restaurant via the foundation 's Web site , jamesbeard.org , during an open call in the fall . Though there is no cash reward , a win -- or even a nomination -- can substantially increase the buzz for business , according to foundation President Susan Ungaro . Below are this year 's winners : Chef & Restaurant Awards Best New Restaurant Marea in New York  chef-owner Michael White Outstanding Chef Award Tom Colicchio of Craft in New York Outstanding Pastry Chef Award Nicole Plue of Redd in Yountville , California Outstanding Restaurant Award Daniel in New York  chef-owner Daniel Boulud Outstanding Restaurateur Award Keith McNally of Balthazar , Lucky Strike , Minetta Tavern , Morandi , Pastis , Pravda and Schiller 's Liquor Bar Outstanding Service Award Alinea in Chicago , Illinois  chef-owner Grant Achatz Outstanding Wine and Spirits Professional Award John Shafer and Doug Shafer of Shafer Vineyards in Napa , California Outstanding Wine Service Award Jean Georges in New York  wine director Bernard Sun Rising Star Chef of the Year Award Timothy Hollingsworth of the French Laundry in Yountville , California Great Lakes Koren Grieveson of Avec in Chicago , Illinois Mid-Atlantic Jeff Michaud of Osteria in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Midwest Alexander Roberts of Restaurant Alma in Minneapolis , Minnesota New York City Daniel Humm of Eleven Madison Park Northeast Clark Frasier and Mark Gaier of Arrows in Ogunquit , Maine Northwest Jason Wilson of Crush in Seattle , Washington Pacific David Kinch of Manresa in Los Gatos , California South Michael Schwartz of Michael 's Genuine Food & Drink in Miami , Florida Southeast Sean Brock of McCrady 's in Charleston , South Carolina Southwest Claude Le Tohic of Joel Robuchon at MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas , Nevada Book Awards American Cooking "  Real Cajun " by Donald Link Baking and Dessert "  Baking " by James Peterson Beverage "  Been Doon So Long " by Randall Grahm Cooking from a Professional Point of View "  The Fundamental Techniques of Classic Pastry Arts " by the French Culinary Institute with Judith Choate General Cooking "  Ad Hoc at Home " by Thomas Keller Healthy Focus "  Love Soup " by Anna Thomas International "  The Country Cooking of Ireland " by Colman Andrews Photography "  Seven Fires , " photographer Santiago Soto Monllor Reference and Scholarship "  Encyclopedia of Pasta " by Oretta Zanini de Vita Single Subject "  Pasta Sfoglia " by Ron and Colleen Suhanosky Writing and Literature "  Save the Deli " by David Sax Cookbook of the Year "  The Country Cooking of Ireland " by Colman Andrews Cookbook Hall of Fame "  A Book of Middle Eastern Food " by Claudia Roden Broadcast Media Awards Audio Webcast or Radio Show "  The Kojo Nnamdi Show , " host : Kojo Nnamdi Television Show , In Studio or Fixed Location "  French Food at Home with Laura Calder , " host : Laura Calder Television Show , On Location "  Chefs A ' Field : King of Alaska , " host : Rick Moonen TV Food Personality Andrew Zimmern , "  Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern " Television Special "  Food Trip with Todd English , " host : Todd English Television Segment "  ABC News Nightline , " host : John Berman Video Webcast "  The Greenmarket : One Farmer 's Story , " Seriouseats.com Journalism Awards Craig Claiborne Distinguished Restaurant Reviews Jonathan Gold , LA Weekly Food Blog SeriousEats.com , Ed Levine Food-Related Columns Rachel Wharton , Edible Brooklyn Magazine Feature Writing About Restaurants and/or Chefs Anya von Bremzen , Saveur , "  Soul of a City " Magazine Feature Writing with Recipes Francine Maroukian , Jon Reiner and staff of Esquire , Esquire , "  How Men Eat " Magazine Feature Writing without Recipes Barry Estabrook , Gourmet , "  The Price of Tomatoes " M.F.K. Fisher Distinguished Writing Award Francine Prose , Saveur , "  Faith and Bacon " Multimedia Food Feature Kevin Pang , Chicagotribune.com , "  The Cheeseburger Show " Newspaper Feature Writing About Restaurants and/or Chefs Jared Jacang Maher , Westword , "  A Hunger to Help " Newspaper Feature Writing Cliff Doerksen , Chicago Reader , "  The Real American Pie " Newspaper Food Section The Washington Post , Joe Yonan Reporting on Health , Environment , or Nutrition Rowan Jacobsen , EatingWell , "  Or Not to Bee " Website Focusing on Food , Beverage , Restaurants , or Nutrition Chow.com , Jane Goldman Writing on Spirits , Wine , or Beer Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl , Minnesota Monthly , "  Chardonnay Uncorked " Who 's Who of Food & Beverage in America : Leah Chase  chef/owner , Dooky Chase Restaurant , New Orleans , Louisiana  ; Jessica B. Harris  author and historian , California  ; Paul C.P. McIlhenny  president/CEO , McIlhenny Company , Avery Island , Louisiana  ; David Rockwell  founder/CEO , Rockwell Group , New York  ; L. Timothy Ryan  president , Culinary Institute of America , New York  ; Susan Spicer  chef/owner , Bayona , New Orleans , Louisiana America 's Classics Al 's French Frys  owners : Bill Bissonette and Lee Bissonette , South Burlington , Vermont  ; the Bright Star  owners : Jimmy Koikos and Nicky Koikos , Bessemer , Alabama  ; Calumet Fisheries  owners : the Kotlick and Toll gamilies , Chicago , Illinois  ; Gustavus Inn  owners : JoAnn and David Lesh , Gustavus , Alaska  ; Mary & Tito 's Cafe  owners : Mary Gonzales and Antoinette Knight , Albuquerque , New Mexico Design and Graphics Awards Outstanding Restaurant Design Andre Kikoski Architect , the Wright  New York Outstanding Restaurant Graphics Pandiscio Co. , the Standard Grill , NYC	Tom Colicchio of Craft in New York wins Outstanding Chef at James Beard Awards Rising Star Chef went to Timothy Hollingsworth of the French Laundry in California Celebrity chef Todd English won award for Best Television Special Awards honors food and beverage professionals working in the U.S.
CNN  -- The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom cited several examples in a recent report of abuse toward Christians in Iraq . Iraqis rush to a car bomb explosion at a Christian church in Kirkuk in January .	U.S. panel reports examples of intimidation , violence against Christians in Iraq Report : Christians urged to convert to Islam , attacked if they do n't obey Islamic laws Christian priests , missionaries have been kidnapped and killed , report says
The death of Tamir Rice , a 12-year-old boy who was shot last month by a Cleveland police officer who authorities say mistook the child 's air gun for a real firearm , has been ruled a homicide , the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner 's Office said Friday . The November 22 shooting outside a Cleveland recreation center is under investigation , and Tamir 's family has filed a lawsuit against two officers and the city over his death . The homicide finding indicates that Tamir was killed by the police officer , rather than dying accidentally or by natural causes or by suicide . Medical examiners ' homicide findings make no comment on whether the killing constitutes a crime . The cause of death was a "  gunshot wound of the torso with injuries of major vessel , intestines and pelvis , " according to paperwork provided by Christopher Harris in the medical examiner 's communications office . Cleveland cop who shot Rice slammed for ` immaturity ' in past job Rice was pointing a pellet gun at people outside the recreation center before he was shot , police say . A witness called 911 to say that a black male -- "  probably a juvenile " -- was pointing "  a pistol " at people , but added twice that the gun was "  probably " fake . A dispatcher asked officers to respond , but it does n't appear the dispatcher told them of the caller 's suspicions that the gun was probably fake or that the person was probably a minor . Two officers arrived in a police car . Within two seconds of exiting the car , Officer Timothy Loehmann shot Tamir , and the boy died the next day , police say . Tamir Rice 's teen sister ` tackled ' after his shooting , mom says Police have said that Loehmann opened fire after Tamir reached for the gun in his waistband and that an orange tip indicating the gun was a toy had been removed . Tamir 's mother , Samaria Rice , has said she did n't allow her son to play with toy guns , and one of his friends gave the air gun to him . Loehmann , 26 , and the car 's driver , Officer Frank Garmback , 46 , are on paid leave as the investigation is conducted . Opinion : The really shocking facts about Cleveland police	Tamir Rice , 12 , was shot when , police say , he reached for a toy gun in his waistband last month Police : Boy pointed the gun outside a Cleveland recreation center ; it turned out to be air gun The boy died from a gunshot wound to his torso , the medical examiner says
Paris  CNN  Lassana Bathily , who emerged as the hero of the Paris supermarket attack , received his new French passport from the hands of Prime Minister Manuel Valls and Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve at a ceremony in Paris . The French government decided to award citizenship to the Malian-born 24-year-old supermarket employee after he risked his own life to hide customers from hostage-taker Amedy Coulibaly earlier this month . Four people lost their lives in the hostage-taking and shooting at the kosher grocery store . But the 15 people whom Bathily led downstairs to hide in a walk-in freezer stayed safe . Bathily , who describes himself as a "  practicing Muslim , " told CNN affiliate BFMTV he switched off the freezer , turned off the lights and told everyone to stay calm . He went upstairs , following orders from the hostage-taker , but managed to run outside and tell police about the situation in the store . In his opening speech at the ceremony Tuesday evening , Cazeneuve praised Bathily 's gesture "  of courage and humanity " which had become "  the symbol of an Islam of peace and tolerance . " Bathily , who arrived in France when he was 16 , had dreamed of gaining French citizenship since his childhood . "  Today , this dream is becoming true , a bit faster than expected , " Cazeneuve said . Valls also paid tribute to the courage of the young man . "  With you and with all the people in this room , " the Prime Minister said , "  we just saw one of the most beautiful images of our country . " Valls also recalled the strong ties between France and Mali , a "  country which saw Timbuktu being wrecked by terrorists , " and which received French support in its fight against jihadism . The French military has been involved in fighting Islamist extremists in Mali and the wider Sahel region since early 2013 . Both Valls and Cazeneuve emphasized the importance of keeping French citizenship open in order to remain faithful to the Republican ideal . "  Welcoming new French citizens is an opportunity for the country as well as for those who become French , " Valls said . Bathily then took the floor . "  I thank you with all my heart for awarding me French citizenship . I am proud and moved , " the young man said . "  People think I am a hero , but I am not . I am just Lassana . " At the end of the ceremony , Bathily received his passport together with a letter from President Francois Hollande and the "  citizenship kit " distributed to all new French citizens . Coulibaly , the terrorist killed in the police operation that ended the supermarket attack , also had roots in Mali . But , unlike Bathily , he was born in France and had French citizenship .	France awards citizenship to Lassana Bathily for his actions during the supermarket attack "  People think I am a hero , but I am not . I am just Lassana , " he says
CNN  -- The president of one of the world 's most famous football clubs has decided not to appeal a jail sentence for tax evasion as he stepped down from key roles at the reigning German and European champions Bayern Munich . Germany and Bayern legend , Uli Hoeness , who resigned from his post as president and board chairman , was found guilty by a German court Thursday and sentenced to three years and six months . "  After discussing the matter with my family I have decided to accept the judgment passed by Munich District Court  Landgericht  II regarding my tax affairs , " he said in a statement released on the Bayern Munich website . "  Evading tax was the biggest mistake of my life . I accept the consequences of this mistake , " he continued . "  Furthermore I hereby resign the offices of president of FC Bayern München e.V. and chairman of the FC Bayern München AG supervisory board with immediate effect . " Hoeness ' lawyer had initially intimated that the 62-year-old would appeal the sentence . During the trial , Hoeness admitted to evading $ 28.4 million  $ 39.6 million  in taxes on income earned in secret Swiss bank accounts . He was originally charged with evading $ 3.5 million  $ 4.87 million  but that amount increased to $ 39.6 million during the court process . State prosecutor Achim von Engel had called for a prison sentence of five-and-a-half years for Hoeness on seven counts of tax evasion . Hoeness thanked friends and colleagues for their backing , before pledging his continued support for Bayern . "  FC Bayern München is my life 's work and will always remain so . I will continue to be associated with this magnificent club and its people in other ways for as long as I live . " "  I wish to thank from the heart my personal friends and all followers of FC Bayern München for your support . " Hoeness played for Bayern from 1970-1979 before retiring through injury aged 27 . Despite that truncated playing career , he won the 1972 European Championship and the 1974 World Cup with West Germany and three successive European Cups with Bayern . Subsequently he was appointed general manager of Bayern , who won last year 's Champions League final at Wembley after beating German rivals Borussia Dortmund .	Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has said he wo n't appeal tax evasion sentence Lawyers initially intimated the former German international would appeal Hoeness has been sentenced to three years and six months in jail Bayern great resigns from club president and board chairman roles
CNN Student News  -- January 21 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • China • Texas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It is Friday , and it is awesome ! Thank you for rounding out your week with CNN Student News . From the CNN Center in Atlanta , Georgia , I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to today 's headlines . First Up : China Relations AZUZ : First up , President Hu heads to the Hill . The Chinese leader wrapping up his visit to Washington , D.C. yesterday . The reception he got when he met with congressional leaders on Capitol Hill , not necessarily a warm one . Democratic and Republican leaders raised some of the strong concerns they have about China 's policies on human rights and economic issues . It was a different story Wednesday night at the White House , when President Hu was the guest of honor at a formal state dinner with President Obama you see here . These are special events , these state dinners , for world leaders when they visit the United States . The White House had n't hosted one for China since 1997 . During his time in Washington , President Hu talked about China 's role as one of the biggest economic powers in the world . Some of China 's economic policies are frustrating some officials and companies in the United States , and Brian Todd explains why . BEGIN VIDEO BRIAN TODD , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : At the White House , the dignified pageantry of a state visit for China 's president , Hu Jintao . But just under the surface , smoldering resentment towards the Chinese in the halls of American government and business . Accusations of currency manipulation , unfair barriers to American businesses in China , and American products being copied or ripped off . Bootlegged DVDs of the latest Hollywood releases are sometimes available on Chinese streets before they even open in American theaters . American companies developing electronics , prescription drugs and software have similar complaints . The Chinese government even engages in some of this practice , right ? FRED BERGSTEN , PETERSON INSTITUTE FOR INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS : The Chinese government has laws that protect intellectual property , but in practice , enforcement is very lax . And in some cases , Chinese government agencies , including military agencies , will sometimes rip off the intellectual property themselves . TODD : Fred Bergsten of the Peterson Institute says the Chinese steal American intellectual property by reverse engineering : buying American products , figuring out how they 're put together . Then they make those parts themselves at a cheaper cost . Then there are complaints about China 's trade rules . Take a company like Marlin Steel Products in Baltimore , where 20 percent of revenue comes from exports . Company president Drew Greenblatt says he 'd like to export to China , but the Chinese have a rule that many products sold to government agencies there , or which get tax breaks , have to be made completely in China . Known as the "  indigenous innovation policy , " it stacks the deck against American companies like Marlin Steel . There 's a direct impact , Greenblatt says , on American jobs . GREENBLATT : For every million dollars in new exports I get , I 'm going to hire about eight more people . TODD : Chinese officials say their trade policies are not unfair , and they 're stepping up enforcement of intellectual property laws . But the list of American complaints may prompt action from Congress , especially newly empowered Republican leaders in the House . What are you and other congressional leaders prepared to do to put more pressure on China to level this playing field ? REP. CHARLES BOUSTANY ,  R  LOUISIANA : We 're going to continue to work , looking at our trade law , what we have to enforce trade agreements . We 're going to continue to really pressure Chinese leaders , whether it 's coming from Congress or from the administration , on this indigenous innovation policy and meeting their agreements under the WTO , the World Trade Organization agreements . TODD : But taking action against China is not risk free . Fred Bergsten of the Peterson Institute says , as the second biggest economy in the world right now , the Chinese have a lot of clout , that they can and will retaliate . They 'll block U.S. exports , they 'll reduce their investments in American securities . The Chinese are America 's biggest banker in the world by far , Bergsten says , and right now , they have a lot of leverage . Brian Todd , CNN , Washington . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The U.S. vice president oversees the U.S. House of Representatives . Not true ! That part of Congress is overseen by the Speaker of the House . Health Care Vote AZUZ : Republican John Boehner is currently serving in the role as speaker of the House . And earlier this week , he oversaw a House vote to repeal President Obama 's controversial health care reform law . This law is widely considered to be President Obama 's biggest U.S. accomplishment while he was president . House Republicans are working to come up with some replacement plans for the law . But as Samantha Hayes explains , the idea of repealing the existing law altogether might not go any further than it already has . BEGIN VIDEO SAMANTHA HAYES , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : It may turn out to be largely symbolic , but House Republicans , along with three Democrats , voted Wednesday to repeal the health care law championed by President Barack Obama and Democratic leaders in Congress . The vote , 245 to 189 , was mostly along party lines . It 's the culmination of a campaign promise Republicans made ahead of the November midterm elections . The next step for the newly passed legislation is all but certain : the Senate likely wo n't even take it up . Earlier Wednesday , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor challenged his Democratic counterpart in the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid , to consider the bill . REP. ERIC CANTOR ,  R  MAJORITY LEADER : And leader Reid continues to say that he is not going to bring this up for a vote in the Senate . The American people deserve a full hearing . They deserve to see this legislation go to the Senate for a full vote . HAYES : A new CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll shows 50 percent of Americans favor getting rid of the law . But for Democrats , defending the president 's top domestic achievement is paramount . REP. ROBERT ANDREWS ,  D  NEW JERSEY : I think what is picking up steam is the understanding that this repeal hurts the middle class of this country . REP. JOHN LARSON ,  D  CONNECTICUT : This is not about campaign promises . This is about real people experiencing real problems in real time that we need to address . HAYES : Most Republicans acknowledge that an outright repeal is highly unlikely and will instead focus on finding ways to cut funding for the law . For CNN Student News , I 'm Samantha Hayes . END VIDEO Mafia Raids AZUZ : Federal agents carry out a huge raid on suspected Mafia members and take dozens of people into police custody . Kinda sounds like something out of a movie , and some of the suspects arrested yesterday probably wish it was . Officials are calling this one of the biggest , single-day operations against the mafia in FBI history . More than a hundred people with alleged ties to the mob were arrested across parts of New York , New Jersey , Rhode Island and even Italy . The charges include drug trafficking , illegal gambling , extortion , arson and murder . Some of those charges go back to 1981 . Officials say organized crime -- the mob -- is an ongoing threat , but that yesterday 's raids made a serious dent against that threat . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which of these terms describes a low-level crime ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Felony , B  Habeus corpus , C  Capital offense or D  Misdemeanor ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A misdemeanor is a low-level crime . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Ticketing Students AZUZ : So , for examples of a misdemeanor : They might include vandalism ; they might include trespassing . In parts of Texas , you can add disrupting class or using profanity to that list . Instead of getting sent to the principal 's office , students who act up are issued tickets and could end up in court in some places ! They could face fines of up to $ 500 . This policy is n't new ; it 's been going on for a while there . Some parents are n't happy about it . They argue that schools and parents -- not the court system -- should help students figure out right from wrong . A school district in Dallas issued a statement saying , "  The vast majority of our students are not disruptive . Those who do receive tickets are hopefully learning that their actions have consequences . " Promo AZUZ : You know what comes next . Go to CNNStudentNews.com and tell us what you think of this story ! Our blog is the perfect place for you to sound off on ticketing as a method of discipline . And if you do n't like it , tell us what should be done instead . Also , you should totally introduce our show . Record your intro , head to CNNStudentNews.com to send us your iReport . And then , look for our e-mail response that tells you the next step in getting on CNN Student News . It 's easier than you think ! Before We Go AZUZ : And before we go today , they say beauty is in the eye of the beholder . In this guy 's case , his good looks are also at the mercy of the sun . Students heading back for the spring semester at Notre Dame were greeted by this frosty fellow . His eyes are made of coal ; yeah , that 's pretty predictable . But the nose is a traffic cone . And the hat , well , that 's from the sculpture that this gigantic snowman was built around . Goodbye AZUZ : It 's a cool idea . We just hope no one got confused and thought it was a real person . Although if they did , you know what we 'd have to tell them : That 's no man ! It 's the kind of story you can always say you thaw on CNN Student News . We 're gon na go chill out . We hope you have a great weekend , that you forgive us for those puns , and that you join us on Monday , when CNN Student News returns . Bye bye now !	Explore how some Chinese economic policies lead to frustration in the U.S. Examine the efforts of U.S. House Republicans to repeal health care reform Consider a program in Texas that hands out tickets to disruptive students Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- The lawyer for the woman who faces 40 lashes for wearing clothes that Sudan deemed indecent called the law "  degrading . " Lubna al-Hussein was told she had trousers considered too tight and a blouse too transparent . "  They ought to stop it , " Nabil Adib said on Thursday . "  It is quite unnecessary and degrading . It is harassment . " Lubna Al Hussein -- who writes for a newspaper and , until recently , worked for the media department of the U.N. mission in Sudan -- was arrested , along with 18 other women on July 3 . At the time of her arrest , she said , she was wearing pants , a blouse and a hijab or headscarf . Police accused Hussein of wearing trousers that were too tight and a blouse that was too sheer , she said . Watch more about the case " A hearing on the case has been scheduled for Tuesday . Adib , the lawyer , seemed confident that the court would drop the case . The indecent clothing charge has only one punishment under Sudanese law -- 40 lashes in public , according to the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information . "  These things have their ups and downs , " Adib said . "  These laws have generally relaxed as a matter of policy . But they are still sometimes enforced . " The Arabic Network humans rights organization said the threat of flogging was retaliation for Hussein writing critically about the Sudanese regime . However , Adib does not think his client was targeted . "  There are round-ups that they do and it is indiscriminate , " he said . "  I do n't think she was targeted specifically . They attack public and private parties and groups . They are called ` morality police ' and she was just a victim of a round-up . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday called flogging "  against the international human rights standards . " He said he would take every effort to protect his staff member . However , Hussein resigned from her position with the United Nations to avoid the immunity she would have received , Adib said . Hussein said she will stand firm that she did nothing wrong . CNN 's Umaro Djau , Talia Kayali and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	Lubna Al-Hussein , 18 others recently arrested for wearing indecent clothes Al-Hussein was told her pants were too tight , her blouse too sheer Al-Hussein faces 40 lashes in public
CNN  -- Authorities in Colorado have filed charges against the parents in last month 's notorious "  balloon boy " case , and the pair 's lawyers say the two are expected to plead guilty on Friday . The Larimer County district attorney 's office Thursday said Richard Heene has been charged with one count of attempting to influence a public servant , a felony , and Mayumi Heene has been charged with one count of false reporting to authorities , a misdemeanor . Richard Heene turned himself in Thursday afternoon and was released on a $ 5,000 personal recognizance bond , the Latimer County Sheriff 's Office said . Mayumi Heene did not appear with him . The Heenes will appear Friday in Larimer County Court , where they are expected to plead guilty , their attorneys said . The penalty range for the felony is two to six years in prison with a fine of $ 2,000 to $ 500,000 . The range for the misdemeanor would be six months in jail with a fine of $ 50 to $ 750 , the district attorney 's office statement said . The Heenes ' attorneys said prosecutors have agreed to a sentence of probation with the possibility of up to 90 days in jail for Richard Heene and up to 60 days in jail for his wife . The threat of deportation for Mayumi Heene was a factor in the plea deal negotiation , the attorney 's statement said . "  Mayumi Heene is a citizen of Japan . As such , any felony conviction or certain misdemeanors would result in her deportation , even though her husband and children are Americans , " the statement said . "  It is supremely ironic that law enforcement has expressed such grave concern over the welfare of the children , but it was ultimately the threat of taking the children 's mother from the family and deporting her to Japan which fueled this deal . " Prosecutors in the case could not be immediately reached for comment . On October 15 , a large silver balloon came loose from moorings in the Heenes ' yard and floated over Colorado . Mayumi Heene called 911 and said the couple 's 6-year-old son Falcon was inside the craft . Millions of people across the country watched the saga on television for nearly two hours as military aircraft tracked the balloon in the air and rescuers chased it on the ground . Mayumi Heene later admitted the whole thing was a hoax and that Falcon was safe in their home the whole time , authorities said . Watch the moment the hoax was revealed Court documents released last month said the couple hatched the plan about two weeks before the incident and "  instructed their three children to lie to authorities as well as the media regarding this hoax . " Their motive ? To "  make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests , " the documents said .	NEW : Richard Heene surrenders to face charges in in ` balloon boy ' hoax Richard and Mayumi Heene to plead guilty Friday , lawyers say Jail time possible , but prosecutor recommends probation Threat of deportation for mother played role in plea deal , attorney says
CNN  -- Nicolas Colsaerts produced a monstrous 419-yard drive to stun his opponents at the Durban Country Club Thursday . The Belgian , who was part of the victorious European Ryder Cup team which won at Medina , was the biggest driver on the European and PGA Tours last season . But even local favorite Ernie Els was shocked by the sheer power and distance Colsaerts managed to get on his ball at the third hole . "  I 've been coming here since 1986 I think and I 've never seen a ball there , nobody has , " Els told reporters . "  They should put a plaque down . I was coming from a different zip code . And I 've got to compete against these animals ! " While Colsaerts stole the show with his huge driving , it was Els who enjoyed the better round of the two . Johnson holds off Stricker The South African finished the day in second position , on four-under alongside compatriot Louis Oosthuizen following a round of 68 . "  We probably got the bad side of the draw , but that 's part of golf , " said Oosthuizen , "  I enjoy the course . You have to think a lot - I hit the driver on only two holes - and put a three-iron in my bag only 15 minutes before we teed off . " Former paratrooper Thongchai Jaidee leads the field by three shots following a round of seven-under 65 . Thongchai recorded eight birdies during his opening round to seal his place at the top of the leaderboard . "  I enjoyed the course which requires you to think a lot , " said the 43-year-old Thai . "  I used a driver only twice and found a three iron I put in my bag just before teeing off very useful . "	Nicolas Colsaerts unleashed incredible driver of 419-yards on first day in Durban Ernie Els stunned by power of Belgian after playing alongside younger rival Thailand 's Thongchai Jaidee leads the field by three shots following a round of seven-under 65 . Els and fellow South African Louis Oosthuizen are joint-second after opening round
CNN  Monday night , as unrest raged across Baltimore 's streets , Amanda Rothschild lay awake in her Remington home , a neighborhood in the northern part of the city , thinking about what the next day would be like . As a co-owner of Charmington 's , a cafe in the intersection of three major Baltimore neighborhoods , Rothschild knew that the cafe and its workers needed to support the city after all the unrest . "  There was some fear , but it was really mixed in with an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help , " she said . As protests erupt nationwide after the death of Freddie Gray , a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody , some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city , while others are left to rebuild or repair after Monday 's riot . Late Monday evening over email , Rothschild and other workers from Charmington 's decided that the cafe would remain closed on Tuesday so that staff members could spend the day in the community to help clean up or peacefully protest . 45 CVS workers still getting paid after riots shut down stores The following morning , they posted a sign on the door telling patrons they were closed to partake in community action  The cafe was not in Monday 's protest zone  . "  We shut down not out of fear , but for solidarity , " Rothschild said . It was solidarity for Baltimore , for the "  Black Lives Matter " movement and for the local businesses that were destroyed during the rioting , the five-year Baltimore resident explained . With a warm , steaming crock pot of chicken and a cooler of ice water , Charmington 's staff member Mike Dobson made his way down to the center of the rallying Tuesday and set up a stand . It was one of a handful of businesses passing out free food and water to protesters . The movement in Baltimore is personal for Dobson . The 23-year-old has been out on the streets peacefully demonstrating and offering free food every day since protests first started . "  I have witnessed police brutality . I was roughed up by police before . It is something you do n't have to look very far to witness in West Baltimore , " he said . The decision for Charmington 's to close temporarily -- it has since reopened -- was meaningful , Dobson said . "  Our shop has been a part of the community since it opened , and we thought it was important to be a part of the community especially now . " The feeling on Baltimore 's streets has changed dramatically over the past few days . It 's now peaceful and somewhat celebratory , Dobson said . "  There have been protests , but there have also been celebrations of all us together , and you ca n't have a celebration without food , " he said . Not all businesses fared well . Some suffered major losses . Trevira London 's store London Couture Boutique on Fleet Street was ransacked Monday . Her windows were smashed and her merchandised looted . "  They wiped me out , " the 36-year-old said . She understands the frustration and can see why some local businesses are joining the movement to stand with their city , but she 's also depressed that her business , one that she opened only four months ago , was destroyed in the wake of the unrest . And there are reports that the weeklong curfew is affecting smaller businesses . "  This is not a black or white issue . This has been going on decades . But there are ways to protest without hurting people , destroying buildings and looting , " London said . In the meantime , she is thinking about boarding up her storefront just to be safe . Other businesses outside the major protest zones stayed open to be a resource for the community this past week . John Duda , an owner and worker at the cooperative restaurant and bookstore Red Emma 's , decided to stay open after the upheaval on Monday . When workers heard that schools were going to be closed Tuesday , they felt the need to keep their door opens in order to provide free meals to students and those who are the most vulnerable in the city . "  We saw it on social media that people were trying to figure out how to feed school children who depend on school lunches and we thought we could stand in solidarity with folks , " the 37-year-old said . The response was incredible , he said . Not only were students coming in for free lunches , but Baltimore residents were coming by to see whether they could volunteer and offer their support . "  I was initially a little concerned that the reaction and the unrest on Monday would take away from important issues facing the city , " Duda said . But he has seen residents of the city step up to show their support for not only Freddie Gray , but the need to address social and economic disparities in the city . It has inspired the 12-year Baltimore resident and business owner to start peacefully protesting as well . On Wednesday , with the sun setting in the background , Duda marched with a group down the streets of Baltimore . The scene was beautiful , Duda said . Red Emma 's is normally closed during the 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. curfew , with the exception of having to close an hour early this Friday and Saturday . Charmington 's is not normally open during the curfew hours . Duda said many of the people marching were n't just marching for Freddie Gray ; they were also marching for better education and work opportunities . Duda said these people have been voicing their frustrations for years , but it seems like now they are finally being heard . "  It took the city to almost tear itself apart for it to start coming together . "	Some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show support for change Business owners have given workers opportunities to peacefully demonstrate Several businesses dealing with destruction , looting from Monday riot
CNN  -- The ATP have announced an increase in the prize fund available to male tennis stars on the ATP World Tour which will see the total amount available exceed $ 90 million by 2014 . The ATP 's annual season-ending World Tour Finals event -- held at London 's O2 Arena since 2009 -- will see a 30 % increase in prize money , with the amount given to the eight participating players set to soar to $ 6.5 m over the next three years . The prize money in the Tour 's nine Masters 1000 events , which take place in cities such as Cincinnati , Paris , Rome and Shanghai , will also receive a significant boost with a 9 % rise . A bonus pool accessible to the world 's top 12 players will rise by 33 % , from $ 6m to $ 8m . In a statement on their official web site , the organization said the monetary increase reflects the sport 's current wealth of talent . "  We are privileged to be experiencing a golden era in men 's professional tennis , " said the body 's executive chairman and president Adam Helfant . "  It is fitting that the commitment and excellence of the players is recognized and rewarded in this way . "  We are very pleased to have reached this agreement that reflects the fact that business across the ATP World Tour is stronger than ever . " The planned increases will not affect the prize fund at the tennis season 's four grand slams -- The Australian , U.S. , and French Opens and Wimbledon . The 2010 World Tour Finals had a prize fund of $ 5m , with the number-three ranked Roger Federer defeating reigning French Open champion Rafael Nadal to clinch the title . After his triumph at Roland Garros , Nadal has guaranteed his place in this year 's O2 Arena showpiece alongside newly-crowned world number one and Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic .	The ATP have announced an increase in the prize fund available at Tour events The total prize fund will increase to $ 90 million over the next three years The World Tour Finals jackpot will have reached $ 6.5 m by 2014
Editor 's note : Rep. Charles Boustany is a Republican who represents southwest Louisiana . Before being elected to Congress , Boustany practiced medicine as a cardiothoracic surgeon for 14 years . Rep. Charles Boustany says Democrats ' health care plans do n't focus on quality . CNN  -- Americans deserve the best health care system in the world -- one that emphasizes quality , but reduces cost , so all Americans can participate . As a doctor , I saw firsthand the problems many patients face finding a doctor , navigating the system , and paying their health care bills . Unfortunately , Democrats ' plans in Congress fail to focus on quality . House Republican Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , recently stated that the Democrats were proposing "  a government-run nightmare operated by federal bureaucrats . " If enacted , their plans would complicate the system and take more money from American pockets -- a nightmare , indeed . One report estimates more than 100 million people could drop their current health care coverage if the plans were open to all employers . One reason cited for the drop in current coverage -- businesses no longer offering private coverage -- would contradict the president 's promise to allow Americans to keep their current coverage , if they like it . Imposed employer mandates could cost 4.7 million people their jobs . All of this means that many people who like their current health insurance might not be able to keep it and be forced into a new system , including a government option with lower reimbursement rates that might discourage their current doctor from continuing to treat them . Just as a doctor has the obligation to be honest and straightforward with their patients , Democrats in Washington must inform the public of the impact their plans will have on current insurance and the exact costs . As the economy struggles to recover , Americans are rightfully concerned about the potential cost of health reform , as shown by a recent CNN survey . Before we know how much it will cost and how it will affect those currently with insurance , we can not have an open and honest debate on the merits of any proposal . While the House bill remains unscored by the Congressional Budget Office , health overhaul plans being crafted by Senate Democrats will likely cost more than $ 1 trillion over 10 years and could fail to cover millions of Americans . As a doctor , I know there is a better way to help all Americans achieve meaningful health care access . The president 's proposed cuts in health care spending will result in limited treatment options for patients , and by shifting the burden of debt to the next generation of Americans , our children will be the ones helping to defer the outrageous costs . With our government 's inability to maintain the Medicare and Medicaid programs that we currently fund , how much deeper can the hole get ? The Government Accountability Office refers to Congress ' failure to face Medicare 's monetary difficulties as a "  leadership deficit . " Even some Blue Dog Democrats are asking if funding a new plan is even possible if the government can not solve the funding problems of the current plans . Patients in these programs continue to be denied access to a doctor in many communities . A few months ago , I received an e-mail from a Medicaid patient diagnosed with a brain tumor . Doctors told her that she would likely be put on a six-month waiting list for brain surgeons currently serving Medicaid patients . For timely care , she had to borrow a neighbor 's car , secure child care for her autistic child and drive four hours to a hospital in Shreveport , Louisiana . Patients in government-run plans obviously deserve better than this , so is this new government-run plan going to be any better ? Republicans will give all Americans the liberty to select the plan that works best for them and let those who like their health care coverage keep it . We pledge to make quality health care coverage more available and less expensive , including those with pre-existing health conditions . We want to protect Americans from losing their current health coverage because an employer drops private coverage for a government-run program . This plan should also improve American lives through effective wellness , prevention and disease management programs , while finding innovative treatments for life-threatening diseases . We will ensure that medical decisions are made by patients and their doctors . By lowering costs and building more personalized plans , we can help more Americans develop a meaningful doctor-patient relationship . President Obama stated that "  if you like what you 're getting , keep it . Nobody is forcing you to shift . No one will take it away , no matter what . " This rhetoric sounds comforting , but fellow Democrats do n't seem to share his view -- as evidenced by their proposed bill . Some Democrats are completely unwilling to reach across the aisle . Sen. Chris Dodd , D-Connecticut , said , "  My goal is to write a good bill ; my goal is not bipartisanship . " Other Congressional Democrat members were told "  explicitly not to work with Republicans . " Moderate House Democrats even recently complained in a letter to several committee chairmen about being left out of any meaningful discussions on health-policy changes . Health reform should be open and transparent . No matter what party weighs in on the issue , Americans must fully comprehend the complicated decisions we face , and also understand how these new decisions will affect them . Leaders need to compromise , negotiate with members of both parties and ideologies , and reform health care the right way -- by developing a strong plan that encompasses the needs of all Americans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Boustany .	Rep. Boustany : Many Americans could lose current health plans He says they could wind up in government system without current doctors Boustany : Plans could burden next generation with enormous cost
CNN  -- Water pressure is restored and it is now safe to drink in a Baltimore suburb where a huge water main burst , sending torrents of muddy water coursing over neighborhood streets and down highway ramps , officials said . Muddy water envelops the community of Dundalk , Maryland , on Friday . Many were left without power . "  A bad situation is well in hand , " Baltimore County chief executive Jim Smith said during a press conference Saturday morning . Crews were still at work inspecting homes and clearing water from flooded basements , he said , "  but the danger is over , the crisis is over . " A prestressed concrete water pipe burst late Friday afternoon under a road in the suburban Baltimore community of Dundalk . The 72-inch-wide main was shut about two hours after it ruptured , Smith said . No injuries were reported , Smith said , and knee-high to chest-high water had been reduced to 4 inches . Resident David Johnson said he felt helpless as he stood outside his house and watched the dirty brown water creep up his lawn and approach his front door . It stopped , inches away , and his basement stayed dry . The worst part now is the sewage smell , he said . Local public works officials said at least 39 basements in the area were flooded . See water main break damage " Shannon Woerner was at home in nearby Essex , Maryland , when he heard the news about the water main break and the call for boats . He loaded his kayak in his truck and headed to the scene . "  I just wanted to see if I could help , " he said . Woerner said he delivered car keys and other items across flooded streets to people who could n't get to their homes . Mike Pell , 34 , watched the water slowly recede after the main was shut . Water covered the wheels of his pickup . "  My basement 's done , " he said , pointing to his shoulder to show the height of the water inside . He and his fiancee had a bedroom in the basement . "  All of our clothes are ruined , " he said . He managed to get his two children , ages 2 and 3 , to a dry area on the first floor of the house . "  Now I wonder who 's gon na pay for this . We do n't have flood insurance ; this area does n't flood , " Pell said , shaking his head . Samantha Hansley , 21 , could only watch from a dry hill and wonder if her truck would survive the flood . It sat in 2 feet of water a block away . Hansley and her boyfriend had been driving out of the floodwaters when they stopped to try to help some stranded drivers . "  Our truck just died , " she said . A manager at the Box and Save grocery store about a block away from the break said the entire parking lot was flooded . Cathy Geisler said customers were still in the store Friday afternoon when police arrived to tell everyone except for essential personnel to evacuate . "  We were still doing business , then the electricity went out and we escorted everyone out of the store , " Geisler said . Aerial video from CNN affiliates WMAR and WBAL showed a collapsed roadway covered by torrents of water . Entire neighborhoods had flooded streets , and some residents were evacuated , authorities said . Eric Braughman , who lives on one of the flooded streets , said he had "  thought something was up " with the water Thursday when his faucets discharged orange-brown water . "  My wife did n't give the baby a bath because it did n't look safe , " Braughman said . Nearly 1,000 customers were without power , according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. 's Web site . The main break is part of a larger issue with failing infrastructure in many U.S. cities , said Kurt Kocher , a spokesman for Baltimore 's Department of Public Works . Kocher cited two other huge main breaks in the Maryland and Washington area that were started from the same type of pipe that burst in Friday 's incident . "  This is a national infrastructure crisis , " Kocher said . CNN 's Alec Miran in Dundalk , Maryland , contributed to this report .	Water is safe to drink ; pressure has been restored Residents say water damaged vehicles , homes and left sewage smell 72-inch main shut down after about two hours , county official says Nearly 1,000 were without power , according to Baltimore Gas and Electric
CNN  -- It 's hard to top the tricky , first-ever landing on a comet , broadcast live on the Internet . That 's what space lovers and other curious types got on Wednesday , when the European Space Agency 's probe Philae touched down on Comet 67P . It was high drama that continued into the afternoon as questions arose about whether the probe , in fact , stuck the landing despite the fact that harpoons designed to anchor it failed to fire . Then the probe 's batteries appeared to conk out . Many in the United States bemoaned the fact that it was a European agency , not an American one , that led the mission  although NASA was part of a consortium of partners for the mission  . Actually , NASA has done something very similar . The space agency made an impromptu landing on an asteroid called Eros on February 12 , 2001 . The agency 's Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous-Shoemaker  NEAR-Shoemaker  , the first mission to orbit an asteroid , was n't designed to land , but when the mission ended , NASA decided to give it a try . It worked . The probe continued to send back data for several days and made its last call back to Earth on Feb. 28 , 2001 . There are dozens of other exciting unmanned missions underway -- and several really cool ones that have wrapped up . Take a look at the gallery above , which highlights 11 fascinating space missions .	Space probe Philae touched down on a comet on Wednesday It 's the first time a probe has occupied a comet Other interesting space missions also happening
CNN  -- The Monument fire , which has scorched 40 homes in southern Arizona , has quite an arsenal to use against firefighters . At 9,300 acres Thursday , the blaze is roaring in the Huachuca Mountains near the Mexican border , just south of Sierra Vista , Arizona . It is only 17 % contained . "  This whole part of the country is in extreme drought , " said Dale Thompson , a spokesman for fire crews . "  Grass will take off like gasoline . " Red-flag warnings indicated that the region was at the mercy of heat , low humidity and wind gusts up to 35 miles per hour . Evacuations were ordered in some neighborhoods , and other residents were told they may have to leave , local officials said . Portions of a major highway were closed on the edge of the Coronado National Memorial/Coronado National Forest . Meanwhile , crews battled the massive Wallow fire in eastern Arizona on several fronts Thursday as they dealt with strong winds and low relative humidity . The raging blaze started last month in eastern Arizona , devouring hundreds of thousands of acres before spilling into New Mexico . It has grown into the largest fire ever in Arizona , according to fire officials . It had burned 478,016 acres and was 29 % contained as of Thursday afternoon , officials said . The National Weather Service issued a wind advisory for the area Thursday , warning of strong and gusty winds in the afternoon and evening . Humidity levels were at 5 to 12 percent , it said . The Wallow fire -- centered in a sparsely populated national forest -- is the largest but not the state 's most destructive in terms of property . It has destroyed 32 homes and 36 outbuildings , including sheds and barns , compared with the 468,000-acre Rodeo-Chediski fire , which destroyed 465 homes . On Thursday , firefighters focused on hazard tree removal , structure protection , improving containment lines and conducting mop-up activities , officials said . Authorities have lifted a nearly two-week-long evacuation order for the 200-plus residents of the community of Nutrioso . Officials with an interagency team fighting the blaze lifted the evacuation order issued June 2 for the town , allowing those with identification showing that they live there to return Wednesday . Leighayn Green returned with her husband and their 13-year-old daughter to their undamaged home . They stayed in different communities , at times with friends and once in lodging provided by a stranger . "  There is a kindness being extended back and forth between communities , " Green said after she returned home . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Monument fire in southern Arizona is 17 % contained The raging Wallow fire is 29 % contained The Wallow fire is Arizona 's biggest but not the most destructive
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Party primaries for Nigeria 's presidential election will begin November 26 , the Independent National Electoral Commission announced Tuesday . The primaries , which will continue through January 15 , were originally scheduled for October , but were postponed by the commission . The presidential election , originally to be held in January , will be April 9 . President Goodluck Jonathan , who became president after the death of Umaru Yar ` Adua earlier this year , is running for election to the office . He will be challenged in the primaries by another former vice president of Nigeria . Atiku Abubakar emerged Monday as the consensus candidate put forward by a bloc of leaders from Nigeria 's influential Northern Political Leaders Forum , which announced in September that it would name someone to take on Jonathan in the presidential primaries for the People 's Democratic Party . Abubakar served as vice president under Olusegun Obasanjo from 1999 to 2007 . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to between regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket with Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . He was elected in 2007 . Because Jonathan took office after Yar ` Adua 's death in May , the northern leaders say the presidency should rotate back to the north . Jonathan disputes that . Voter registration for the presidential election will be January 15-29 . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Primaries will be held from November 26 through January 15 The presidential election will be April 9 Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar will challenge President Goodluck Jonathan
CNN  -- It 's rare for Barcelona or Real Madrid not to be leading Spain 's La Liga at the Christmas break . But Atletico Madrid could break the trend this season . Atletico replaced Barcelona atop the division after a comeback 3-2 win against Levante on Saturday in Madrid . Diego Costa once again provided the firepower , scoring two goals -- including the late winner from the penalty spot . Atletico pulled ahead of Barcelona by three points and is guaranteed of staying top heading into January if the defending champion does n't win at Getafe on Sunday . "  We have a lot of heart and  work hard  , " Atletico manager Diego Simeone told reporters . "  If we go day by day , we will be able to fight . " Simeone 's side is already assured of finishing above city rival Real Madrid come the end of 2013 given it has an eight-point advantage . Just as it did last week in the league against Valencia , the home team started slowly and Levante -- which entered the game with two straight victories after losing five in a row -- took full advantage . Andreas Ivanschitz pounced in the first minute as Atletico conceded for the first time in four games in the league . Mid-table Levante almost made it two but Thibaut Courtois denied David Barral . Atletico was rattled and Tiago was fortunate not to receive a card -- maybe red -- when he barged into Juanfran . Diego Godin 's header in the 30th minute made it 1-1 and when Costa volleyed home his league leading 18th goal in the 47th minute with his left foot , it appeared as if Atletico would coast . Pedro Rios , however , leveled when he raced through on goal and finished sublimely in the 57th minute . Costa had the last word , converting a penalty in the 77th minute . Costa saw his penalty saved against Valencia and Keylor Navas got a hand to Saturday 's effort , though not enough to keep it out of the net . "  A striker always needs goals , but what really matters is that these goals help to score points , " Costa told reporters . Juanfran received a red card in the 90th minute when he clashed with Filipe Luis .	Atletico Madrid rallies to beat Levante 3-2 to move into top spot in Spain 's La Liga Diego Costa pulls two goals clear of Cristiano Ronaldo in the league scoring charts Atletico leads Barcelona by three points and Real Madrid by eight But Barcelona can reclaim first place Sunday when it travels to Getafe
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Republican candidate Mitt Romney traded accusations on tax policy Thursday , with both claiming at campaign stops in battleground states that the other 's strategies have failed . Romney used a rally in Golden , Colorado , to unveil a simplified campaign message called for by some Republican strategists , laying out a five-point plan that he said would put the nation back on the correct economic path . The proposals are traditional conservative stances on domestic energy production , trade , job training , deficit reduction and boosting small businesses , with Romney promising that , if elected , he would deliver on them to unleash the full potential of the U.S. economy . "  His policies have not worked . They have not gotten America back to work again , " Romney said of Obama , citing 41 straight months of unemployment over 8 % . "  I 'm going to get America working again . " In particular , Romney challenged Obama 's call for extending lower tax rates , set to expire at the end of this year , only for income up to $ 250,000 for families or $ 200,000 for individuals , which would allow the rates on income above those marks to increase to 1990s levels . Calling that plan a tax increase , Romney said it would inhibit the job creation needed for economic growth and described the Obama policy as being "  like a dog trying to chase its tail . " In Orlando , Florida , Obama attacked Romney 's call for more tax cuts as an example of long-standing Republican policy that was most recently enacted by his predecessor , helping bring the recession that was in place when Obama took office . "  They have tried to sell us tax cut fairy dust before , " Obama said . "  It is not a plan to move our economy forward . It takes us backward to a place we do n't need to be . " Obama blasts Romney tax plan in Ohio The president also made a campaign visit to Virginia , while Romney joined Republican governors -- including several potential running mates -- at an Aspen , Colorado , conference . In a format resembling a celebrity "  roast " -- but one with blue blazers and verbal bouquets instead of vulgar put-downs -- the seated governors rose one-by-one to praise Romney . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called Romney a man of "  fabulous ingenuity " and "  great integrity . " "  We need you , we 're looking forward to your services as president , " said Gov. Mary Fallin of Oklahoma . "  I really appreciate your focus on middle class families , " Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell told Romney . In a hint that Romney 's decision on a running mate might come soon , his longtime adviser Beth Myers , who heads up the campaign 's search for a vice presidential candidate , will be traveling with Romney to Colorado . Polls show that Romney and Obama are statistically even in Colorado and Virginia , while Obama holds a small lead in Florida . All three states are among the eight or so considered vital to the chances of both candidates in November . The CNN Electoral Map Reviving the American dream of equal opportunity has been the central theme of Obama 's campaign , and Romney 's new five-point message Thursday was an effort to blunt the president 's middle class outreach . In general , it rehashes Romney 's previously stated stances on energy , taxes , deficit reduction , trade and small business development but offers few details For example , the energy component involves easing regulations to expand domestic production of oil , coal and natural gas . A conference call by Romney 's advisers made no mention of alternative sources such as solar or wind energy championed by Obama , but Romney included continued pursuit of such programs in his later remarks in Colorado . The tax component came under heavy criticism from Obama , who cited a study by the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center that says Romney 's proposals would provide large cuts to the very wealthy while increasing the burden on the lower and middle classes . Eric Fehrnstrom , a senior Romney campaign adviser , called the report "  a joke " on Thursday 's conference call , while Romney economic adviser Kevin Hassett said it fails to include the projected revenue increase from an expanded employment base that Romney 's policies would bring . "  Eliminating that from your analysis means you 're going to have a very , very biased result , " Hassett said . Romney officials also complained that one of the study 's three authors was a former member of Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers . In his Florida remarks , Obama ridiculed the Romney team 's criticism of the report , noting another of the co-authors was an economist in the administration of Republican President George H.W. Bush . "  They said  the report  did n't take into account the economic growth that would result from tax cuts , " Obama said , drawing laughter when he added : "  We all know how well that worked the last time they tried it . " Romney calls for cutting today 's rates by 20 % as well as eliminating the Alternative Minimum Tax and limiting current deductions , exemptions and credits available to top-level income earners . However , Romney has yet to say which specific tax breaks he plans to eliminate , and the Tax Policy Center report indicated the result of his plan would force the tax burden to shift toward lower - and middle-class Americans . In its study , the Tax Policy Center did not score Romney 's plan directly , saying it lacked sufficient details . Instead , the center said the plan represented a number of Republican proposals . The Romney campaign officials said Thursday that the specifics of the tax proposal remain to be worked out , with deputy policy director Jonathan Burks adding that Romney , if elected , "  would write a tax bill that would achieve those goals . " "  It 's not a question of today we have a 2,000-page tax plan , " Burks said . Tax policy has become a central economic issue , with Congress deadlocked over proposals to extend most or all of the Bush-era tax cuts set to expire at the end of the year . House passes Republican tax-cut plan Romney and Republicans want to extend all the Bush tax cuts for now to prevent any increase , while Obama says the lower rates should not continue for the wealthiest 2 % of Americans to bring more fairness to the system . Both sides call for comprehensive tax reform after the election as part of necessary deficit reduction steps . The issue touches on the foundations of the nation 's political divide , with Republicans driven by their conservative base seeking to shrink government to reduce deficits while Democrats want a blend of spending cuts and more tax revenue in order to maintain what they consider essential services and entitlement programs . With just over three months until the November election , the race has become a contentious struggle to convince voters that the other guy would take the country in the wrong direction . In anticipation of Obama 's Florida trip Thursday , the Romney campaign released a new ad in the state that blames the president for a stalling economy there . Romney ad hits Obama on Florida economy Florida , currently rated a "  toss up " on CNN 's Electoral Map , has been hard hit by a weak housing market . Its unemployment rate of 8.6 % is higher than the national average , but down from a high of 11.4 % in 2010 . A Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times poll released Wednesday showed Obama with a 51 % -45 % lead in Florida , which has 29 electoral votes . Another new Romney ad Wednesday hammered Obama over unemployment and other economic problems , saying : "  Americans need a change . We need a new president . " Campaigns turn to economy ahead of jobs report Obama 's campaign responded to the ad by citing Romney 's opposition to the auto industry bailout . "  Let 's get this straight -- the very person who argued for the U.S. auto industry to go bankrupt , something that would have caused more than a million jobs lost and utter economic devastation in the Midwest , is now trying to attack the president on how it was handled ? " campaign spokeswoman Lis Smith said in a written statement . Meanwhile , the liberal group MoveOn.org will run a 30-second television spot in battleground states mocking the amount of money spent on Rafalca , the dressage horse competing at the London Olympics that is co-owned by Romney 's wife , Ann . Looking a dressage horse in the mouth The group said the ad to air in Nevada , Ohio and Pennsylvania is told from the perspective of the horse , pointing out that the Romneys spend $ 77,000 a year for its upkeep . "  After Mitt Romney repeals health care and ships your jobs overseas , I daresay your life wo n't be nearly as pampered as mine , " it concludes . "  After all , you 're not one of his horses . " In a statement , MoveOn.org 's executive director said the group was not lampooning the horse itself . "  There 's nothing wrong with taking good care of a horse , but there 's something messed up about a millionaire who spends twice what most Americans make in a year caring for a horse , but wants to take away people 's health care and offshore their jobs , " Justin Ruben wrote . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Peter Hamby , Kevin Liptak and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Mitt Romney appears on stage with some potential VP nominees Romney lays out a five-point plan for the country President Obama ridicules what he calls Republican "  tax cut fairy dust " Both candidates campaign Thursday in battleground states
Washington  CNN  -- A major food safety bill that passed the House and Senate earlier this year before stalling because of a procedural problem won final approval Tuesday and now goes to President Barack Obama to be signed into law . The bill , designed to increase government inspections of the food supply in the wake of recent deadly foodborne disease outbreaks , originally passed with wide support in both chambers after originating in the Senate . However , it needed approval again because it violated a constitutional requirement that bills that raise revenue be initiated in the House . The Senate passed its version of the Food Safety Modernization Act on Sunday , and the House voted 215-144 for final approval on Tuesday in one of the final sessions of the lame-duck Congress . The bill , which represents the most sweeping overhaul of the food safety system since 1938 , allows for greater governmental regulation of the U.S. food system -- currently in the national spotlight for numerous egg and produce recalls . Among its provisions , the bill gives the federal Food and Drug Administration the authority to issue direct recalls of foods that are suspected to be tainted , rather than relying on individual producers to issue recalls voluntarily . Currently , the FDA can negotiate with companies , but has no power to enact a mandatory recall . It also requires food producers to develop written food safety plans , accessible by the government in case of emergency . Under the measure , the secretary of Health and Human Services would be required to create a food tracing system that would quickly focus on the source of contamination should an outbreak occur . It also requires food importers to verify the safety of all imported foods to make sure they are in accordance with U.S. food safety guidelines . In the Senate version , an amendment sponsored by Democratic Sen. Jon Tester of Montana exempted relatively small-scale producers that sell most of their food directly to consumers within their state or within a 275-mile radius of where it was produced . Tester had called his amendment a "  win for anyone who eats food , " noting the local food processors still would be responsible for demonstrating that they had identified potential hazards and were implementing preventive controls to address the hazards , or demonstrating to the FDA that they were in compliance with state or local food safety laws . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The House votes 215-144 for final approval A constitutional error in the bill 's origination force a second round of approval The bill includes the biggest overhaul of the food safety system since 1938
CNN  -- The longest debate since humans have been having debates is whether we are good or evil . It underlies the stories of Adam and Eve , Cain and Abel , Jesus and Judas . What is our human nature ? Of course , the answer is we can be both good and evil . But what determines which part of our character emerges ? About a decade ago , my lab made an unexpected breakthrough in the understanding of good and evil . We discovered that the neurochemical oxytocin makes people trustworthy . We then found oxytocin was responsible for many other moral behaviors , from being generous to sacrificing to help a stranger . Wait -- morality is chemical ? In my TED talk , I describe how I made the unlikely discovery of the moral molecule , how I was roundly discouraged from even looking for such a chemical , and what drove me to persist in my search . In these experiments , we tempt people with virtue and vice using money  share with others : virtue ; selfishly keep everything for yourself : vice  . Using money to understand how and why humans make decisions is a field now called neuroeconomics . Money gives us a convenient way to measure how much someone cares about another person . For example , in one experiment we randomly matched strangers in the lab by computer and put $ 10 in an account for each of them . In each pair there was a decision-maker 1  DM1  and a decision-maker 2  DM2  . All participants got these instructions : DM1 can give up some or all of his or her $ 10 and transfer it to DM2 by computer but can not talk to , or meet , the other person . Whatever is transferred is removed from DM1 's account but is tripled in DM2 's account . Then , DM2 gets a computer message identifying how much has been received from DM1 and a reminder of the total in his or her account . Next , the software asks DM2 if she or he wants to send some of this larger pot of money back to DM1 . The amount sent back comes out of DM2 's account one for one and is not tripled -- it 's a pure loss to DM2 . For example , if DM1 transfers $ 8 , he or she would keep $ 2 and DM2 would receive $ 24  = 3 x $ 8  . The total in DM2 's account would be $ 34  $ 24 + $ 10  . If you were DM2 , what would you do -- keep it all or share some back with DM1 ? We found that 90 % of DM1s send money and of the DM2s who receive money , 95 % return at least some of it . Usually both DMs in a pair leave the lab with more than $ 10 , sometimes much more . The DM1 to DM2 transfer is understood to be a measure of trust , while the DM2 to DM1 transfer measures trustworthiness . By taking blood from participants , we found that the more money denoting trust DM2 received , the more oxytocin his or her brain made . And , the more oxytocin on board , the more money was returned to DM1 . All this happened without any face-to-face interactions , revealing how easily the oxytocin system activates . TED.com : How we read each other 's minds Morality has traditionally been the domain of theologians and philosophers , often providing prescriptions of what we must do . But in the past decade , neuroscientists have started analyzing brain activity while people think about , and engage in , moral or immoral acts . These findings have changed the inquiry into morals from prescriptive to descriptive . As I discuss in my talk , I have even done studies that have manipulated brain chemistry in human beings to show that oxytocin directly causes people to be moral . I also talk about what having a chemical that affects morality means for individuals , organizations and entire societies . For example , does "  my chemicals made me do it " absolve people from legal or moral responsibility ? If we have a moral molecule , where does evil come from ? By the way , oxytocin does n't only cause morality in a laboratory setting -- I 've done studies in churches , on sports fields and among indigenous people to show that the biology of morality is a human universal . TED.com : The battle between your present and your future self While neuroscience has provided new insights into our human nature , the philosophy of morality has not gone away . My talk identifies the philosophers whose insights and arguments are consistent with the way oxytocin works in the human brain . Two hit the mark : Aristotle and Adam Smith . Aristotle claimed that the reason to be a virtuous person is because it makes us happy . I found the same thing : Those who release the most oxytocin in the lab are more satisfied with their lives  watch the talk to find out why  . And then there is Adam Smith . Yes , the same Adam Smith who is considered the "  father " of economics was a moral philosopher . In 1759 , Smith published a book called "  The Theory of Moral Sentiments " that nearly perfectly anticipated my findings . Smith 's book caused a sensation when it came out because of his radical claim that morality comes from humans ' social nature , not from God . Sociality , said Smith , means we inevitably share the emotions of others . This is just what I found : When the brain is flooded with oxytocin , people feel empathy for others . It is this emotional connection that causes most of us , most of the time , to behave well toward each other . I 've also found that societies that are more moral  for example , more trustworthy and more tolerant  also have higher standards of living . Smith understood why : Morality undergirds economic exchange , opening up more opportunities for the creation of wealth that individuals in a transaction can share . And , prosperity  perhaps surprisingly  can make societies more moral . All this occurs as part of our human nature , our brains adapting to evolving social environments . So , this ancient and tiny molecule , oxytocin , has taken us from being social creatures to , increasingly , being tolerant , empathic and prosperous ones . Quite a nice trick for a tiny molecule that traces its lineage back at least 400 million years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Zak .	Paul Zak : Experiments show the presence of a chemical promotes moral behavior He says oxytocin makes people more willing to help a stranger Those who release the most oxytocin are the most satisfied with their lives , he says Zak : Aristotle was right in saying that the reason to be virtuous is that it makes us happy
CNN  -- Hosts New Zealand edged out France 8-7 in a nailbiting finish to the Rugby World Cup final in Auckland Sunday to win the William Webb Ellis trophy for the second time . It was a repeat of their success in the inaugural competition on their home soil in 1987 , but it was far from the easy victory that many had predicted . Watched by a capacity 61,000 in the Eden Park Stadium , and with the hopes of a rugby-mad nation on their shoulders , the All Blacks led 5-0 at halftime thanks to a try from prop Tony Woodcock . Scrum-half Piri Weepu , missed the conversion and two other penalty kicks that would have given them a more comfortable advantage . Stephen Donald , who replaced the injured Aaron Cruden at fly-half , put the home side 8-0 ahead when he slotted home an early second half penalty . But back came France as a sustained attack led to a try for captain Thierry Dusautoir , converted by Francois Trinh-Duc , who was on as a replacement for the injured Morgan Parra . Trinh-Duc had an excellent chance with 15 minutes left to kick a penalty which would have put Les Bleus ahead but his effort went wide . France , given little chance after losing by 20 points to the All Blacks in the pool phase , were pressing at the end but desperate home defense kept New Zealand ahead . At the final whistle the All Blacks players celebrated with a mixture of triumph and sheer relief they had finally laid to rest a 24-year litany of failure in Rugby 's showpiece international competition . There were also wild scenes of celebration among the estimated 150,000 people who had gathered to watch the final on giant screens in Auckland . All Blacks coach Graham Henry admitted the closing minutes had been tense before his side closed out a long-awaited victory . "  I 'm just delighted for the boys . We 've been the top team in the world for a long time , so it 's been a long time coming , " he told the official Rugby World Cup website . Captain Richie McCaw echoed Henry 's sentiments after his side hung on for their slender win . "  We had to dig deeper than ever before and it 's hard to get it to sink in , but I am so proud of every single one of them , " said McCaw , who was one of four All Blacks who had played in the quarterfinal defeat to France in the 2007 World Cup . Dusautoir , whose team had been subjected to such criticism as they scraped into the final , believed their display had been the perfect riposte . "  We showed that France deserved their spot in the final , " he said .	New Zealand win Rugby World Cup final in Auckland All Blacks beat France 8-7 in tense final at Eden Park Prop Tony Woodcock scored first half try for All Blacks New Zealand winning World Cup for only second time in their history
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Tim Roth is in an abandoned building near downtown Los Angeles , and he 's about to mix things up . British actor Tim Roth plays a human lie detector on the hit series "  Lie to Me . " "  This is a scene where the FBI is interrogating a suspect , " Roth said . "  I 'm breaking into the interrogation to get information out of him using the sort of techniques that my character espouses as opposed to pressuring him . " Roth , who plays Dr. Cal Lightman on the hit Fox series "  Lie to Me , " is shooting scenes for the season finale , which will air May 13 . His character is an expert on body language and the detection of deception . "  Our series is based on the idea that we can read what 's going on across your face and if it 's contradicting what you 're actually saying , " Roth said . Lightman and his colleague , Dr. Gillian Foster -- played by Kelli Williams -- run "  The Lightman Group . " They observe body language and interpret what it means in order to help law enforcement agencies see through the bull . His character is based on Dr. Paul Ekman , a specialist who reads clues embedded in the human face , body and voice to expose the truth in criminal investigations . Ekman , who in 2001 was named as one of the most influential psychologists of the 20th century by the American Psychological Association , is a scientific consultant for the show . Roth says Ekman can be intimidating . "  He makes me very , very nervous , Paul , you know , " he said . "  I mean , he 's the sweetest man , as sweet as can be , but when he 's around , you feel like your acting is really being judged . " Roth is perhaps best known for his outings with famed director Quentin Tarantino . The British actor pulled off a convincing American accent in the cult classics "  Reservoir Dogs " and "  Pulp Fiction . " He uses his true-Brit accent in "  Lie to Me , " which debuted in January and is one of the season 's few successful new dramas . In a review for Entertainment Weekly , critic-at-large Ken Tucker wrote that "  Like ` Monk ' and ` Psych ' and ` The Mentalist , ' ` Lie ' offers us an eccentric who 's brought in by law enforcement to solve crimes . " Though he gave the show a B-minus , Tucker praised Roth for "  resist -LSB- ing -RSB- the cuddly/cranky . " The show has quickly found its fan base , though ratings have declined slightly since the show was put in its 8 p.m. Wednesday time slot , ahead of "  American Idol . "  The first five episodes aired after "  Idol . " "  I got stopped because one of my lights was out and I was coming back from work and the guy , the cop that stopped me said ` Oh , we watch your show ' and they seemed to enjoy it , " said Roth . "  ER " alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast as an FBI agent for two episodes this season , starting Thursday . "  I 'm here to kick ass and take names , you know . So it 's kind of different , " Phifer said . "  It 's fun , you know . Obviously , I carry a gun and I 'm in law enforcement rather than being a doctor . " Phifer particularly likes acting in intense scenes with Roth . "  I have my own way of doing it , " he said . "  It 's a little different than the way Tim does it . It 's a lot of fun , and we 're having a great time . " And will time spent on the show help Phifer better detect when people are lying to him in real life ? "  It 's going to take a few more episodes , but I 'm pretty perceptive , " he said . Roth , however , makes no claims of special powers -- at least when he 's away from the set . "  I try not to know too much , because it actually is quite extraordinary , " he says . "  When you watch politicians on TV , you can use the stuff that Paul does to see if they 're lying or not . I try not to take it home . "	British actor Tim Roth stars in the hit Fox series "  Lie to Me " Actor best known for his appearances in Quentin Tarantino films Roth plays a body language expert who can detect liars "  ER " alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast
EW.com  -- Maybe you 're a Sharknado super-fan . You watched both movies live . You bought the tie-in book . You even considered getting Tara Reid 's Shark-themed perfume . Well , now there 's a way to spend even more money and time on the Sharknado franchise . The Wrap reports that Sharknado 2 : The Second One will hit theaters for a one-night-only showing on August 21 , 8 p.m. local time . The Syfy original movie will be presented in partnership with Fathom Events . Tickets are already available on their website . EW : Smell the Sharknado - Tara Reid has a perfume called ` Shark ' This marks the second time that a Sharknado film has been propelled , like a deadly ocean predator in the midst of a freak weather event , into theaters . Tickets sold out for midnight showings of the first installment of the made-for-TV franchise in select Regal cinemas last year , prompting theaters to offer another set of screenings . EW : ` Sharknado 2 ' becomes Syfy 's most watched original movie Sharknado 2 : The Second One nabbed 3.9 million viewers on the night of its premiere , a record for Syfy original movies . As a comparison , the first Sharknado brought in 1.4 million viewers . Viewership data among sharks is not currently available . ` Sharknado 2 ' whips up Twitter feeding frenzy See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The TV movie will hit theaters August 21 Tickets sold out for a theater screening of the first "  Sharknado " The sequel nabbed 3.9 million viewers
CNN  -- Croatia sent out a message of intent to the other Euro 2008 finalists as they stunned highly-fancied Germany 2-1 in Klagenfurt to secure a place in the quarterfinals . Ivicia Olic celebrates Croatia 's second goal in their superb 2-1 victory over Germany . Darijo Srna and Ivica Olic struck the goals as Croatia , who had only ever beaten Germany once before , produced arguably the first major upset of the tournament . Lukas Podolski pulled a goal back late on for Germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail-biting finale , but there was to be no way back for Joachim Loew 's team , who finished with 10 men following the 90th-minute dismissal of substitute Bastian Schweinsteiger . Both sides came into the game having won their opening matches , although Germany had looked far more impressive in seeing off Poland than Croatia had in defeating Austria . However , it was Slaven Bilic 's side who turned on the style at the Worthersee Stadion as they took control of Group B with two wins out of two . A frantic start to the match promised much but for all their huffing and puffing , neither side were able to create anything resembling a chance in the opening 20 minutes as defences held firm . The ball did find its way into the back of the net in the 22nd minute when Germany striker Mario Gomez slotted home past Stipe Pletikosa but the offside flag had already gone up against the Stuttgart man . The deadlock was broken for real just two minutes after that incident though , when Croatia went ahead through Srna . Danijel Pranjic sent over a superb cross from the left and Srna nipped in front of marker Marcell Jansen to slide the ball in at the far post , giving veteran Germany goalkeeper Jens Lehmann no chance . Croatia had a gilt-edged chance to make it 2-0 in the 30th minute , but Niko Kranjcar wasted it . Ivan Rakitic chipped a pass into the area which was flicked back towards the penalty spot by Olic , but the in-rushing Kranjcar was unable to cap a well-worked move as he blazed over . Germany knew they needed to step up through the gears and they finally made Pletikosa earn his keep with two efforts in rapid succession . The first saw Pletikosa push away a thunderous Michael Ballack free-kick , before the Spartak Moscow custodian awkwardly deflected away a Christoph Metzelder effort with his knee . Metzelder then headed a Torsten Frings corner just over from close range as the Germans stepped up their efforts for an equalizer before the break . However , Loew 's side very nearly found themselves two goals behind in the 43rd minute , and they needed a fine reaction stop from Lehmann to deny Kranjcar , who chested down Olic 's pass and smashed in a first-time volley . Having seen his side let off the hook , Loew opted for a more adventurous approach in the second half as he sacrificed full-back Jansen for jet-heeled winger David Odonkor during the interval . Aside from a Ballack shot over the crossbar though , Croatia looked fairly comfortable at the start of the period and also had a decent effort of their own with Luka Modric firing in a shot that Lehmann gathered , although not before seeing it squirm through his hands first . However , Lehmann 's next task was to pick the ball out of the back of his net as Croatia stunned the Germans with a second goal in the 62nd minute . A Rakitic cross from the right took a deflection off Podolski before arrowing goalwards and although Lehmann , who had begun to come out for the initial cross , managed to dive backwards and get a hand on it , the ball struck his near post before rebounding back out to Olic , who had the easy task of slotting home . Germany looked for an immediate response but aside from a Schweinsteiger shot that fizzed across the face of goal , they were still finding it difficult to create chances against a well-organised Croatia backline . Loew 's side earned themselves a lifeline with 12 minutes to go though when Podolski lashed home a shot on the half-volley after the ball had fallen kindly to him in the box . Germany could not build on that goal , though , and their final hopes of getting anything out of the match all but disappeared when Schweinsteiger was given a straight red card for shoving Jerko Leko in the final minute of an absorbing encounter . "  I want to especially congratulate my players , not only for the fight they showed but for playing an excellent match , " said a delighted Bilic . "  There is no other way to beat the Germans than to play well . They 're still a great team , though , and still one of the favorites for the title . " Ballack said the Germans had to recognize they must improve . "  Our movement was not fluid enough throughout the match and as a consequence we eked out few chances . "  We played below our level in all departments . Now we absolutely have to win our last match against Austria , " said the Chelsea midfielder .	Croatia stun favorites Germany 2-1 in their Group B encounter in Klagenfurt Darijo Srna and Ivica Olic both on target as Croatia make it two wins from two Lukas Podolski pulls goal back for Germany with his third strike in two games
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian Muslims have been praying in the wrong direction , the country 's highest Islamic authority has said . The Indonesian Ulema Council told the country 's Muslim populace in March to turn west when they offered their daily prayers . Muslims are supposed to face the Kaaba , the religion 's most sacred site in the city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia . At the time , the council said that the direction of Kaaba from Indonesia laid to the west . Turns out , it did n't . Africa did . So , on Friday , the council issued a new edict : face northwest . "  After the first fatwa  edict  a few months ago that stated that the praying direction is west , we have announced that the correct direction for praying is indeed northwest , and we have issued a new fatwa  edict  to correct it , " said Ma ` ruf Amin , the head of fatwa division in the Indonesian Ulema Council . "  This is important because facing west will mean that people were facing Africa when they pray , " he said . Amin said the new edict does not mean that mosques in the country will need to be torn down . "  They  those praying inside  just need to adjust their praying direction slightly , " he said . Some residents of the world 's most populous Muslim country took the change in stride . "  I do n't really worry about the praying direction , " said Riza Irwansyah , an office worker in Jakarta . "  The important thing is I prayed to Allah and I believe He will listen , no matter which way I 'm facing . "	Earlier edict from Islamic council had Muslims facing west , where Africa lays New edict corrects direction to northwest Muslims are supposed to face the Kaaba in Saudi Arabia when they pray
CNN  -- Real Madrid , the kings of Europe , will take on a team living one of the greatest fairytale stories in Bulgarian football history . Ludogorets Razgrad , which clinched its place in the group stage of the Champions League for the first time following a dramatic penalty shootout playoff victory , will travel to the Santiago Bernabeu stadium to face the defending champion . Real , which defeated city rival Atletico 4-1 in Lisbon last year to win "  La Decima " -- it 's 10th title -- is attempting to become the first team to successfully defend the Champions League . Ludogorets will also face five-time champion Liverpool -- back in the Champions League after a five-year absence -- as well as Swiss side FC Basel in Group A. Ludogorets defeated Romanian side Steaua Bucharest thanks to two penalty saves from stand-in goalkeeper Cosmin MoÅ # i. MoÅ # i , a defender , went in goal for the shootout after goalkeeper Vladislav Stoyanov was sent off with one minute of extra time remaining and made himself a hero . Surprisingly Liverpool have won all three of their European Cup matches against 10-time champion Real and have never even conceded a goal against them . Elsewhere , Bayern Munich will face Manchester City in a repeat of last season 's group stage contests . Munich produced a fine performance to win 3-1 in Manchester but was stunned by the English club at the Allianz Arena , losing 3-2 in the return fixture . "  We 're coming up against familiar teams here , " Bayern keeper Manuel Neuer told his club 's website . "  They 're not easy opponents by any means , but we know from last year where we stand and can use that going in . " Bayern and City will also have to negotiate tricky ties against Roma and CSKA Moscow if they are to progress . In Group F , Zlatan Ibrahimovic will face two of his former clubs after Paris Saint-Germain was drawn alongside Barcelona and Ajax . PSG , beaten in the round of 16 by Chelsea last season , will also have to take on Cypriot side Apoel Nicosia . "  These are games where every team has the right to dream , " Barcelona 's director of sport , former Spanish international keeper Andoni Zubizarreta , told the club website . "  We have our dreams , and they all have their own . " It 's a case of dÃ © jÃ vu for Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund after the two teams were drawn together for a third consecutive season . Dortmund , which was narrowly beaten by Real Madrid in last year 's quarterfinal , triumphed against Arsene Wenger 's side in London but was topped at home by "  the Gunners . " Turkish side Galatasaray , which reached the second round last time around , will also provide a stern test , with Belgian club Anderlecht completing the line-up . Atletico Madrid , which lost last year 's final in extra time , will face Italian champion Juventus , Olympiacos and Swedish side Malmo in Group A. Juventus crashed out in the group stage last season . Olympiacos was beaten by Manchester United in the last-16 during the previous edition while Malmo is making its first appearance in the group stage . In Group C , Benfica , which has not won the competition since 1962 , takes on Zenit Saint Petersburg , Bayer Leverkusen and Radamel Falcao 's Monaco . Chelsea , the 2012 champion , will be confident of making it through Group G after being drawn against Schalke , Sporting Lisbon and Slovenian champion Maribor . Athletic Bilbao 's reward for defeating Napoli in the playoff are games against Porto , Shakhtar Donetsk and BATE Borisov . Champions League draw : Group A : Atletico Madrid , Juventus , Olympiacos , Malmo Group B : Real Madrid , Basel , Liverpool , Ludogorets Group C : Benfica , Zenit , Bayer Leverkusen , Monaco Group D : Arsenal , Borussia Dortmund , Galatasaray , Anderlecht Group : E : Bayern Munich , Manchester City , CSKA Moscow , Roma Group F : Barcelona , Paris Saint-Germain , Ajax , APOEL Group G : Chelsea , Schalke , Sporting , Maribor Group H : FC Porto , Shakhtar Donetsk , Athletic Bilbao , BATE Borisov	Reigning champion Real Madrid drawn against newcomer Ludogorets Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain paired in Group F No team has ever successfully defended Champions League title The final will be held in Berlin on June 6 , 2015
Editor 's note : Tomorrow Transformed explores innovative approaches and opportunities in business and society through technology . WIRED  -- Next month , a giant industry gathering is going to be flooded with virtual-reality experiences : the Birdly flight simulator ; something that lets users confront a kaiju attack ; an Oculus Rift-enabled spin on combat training ; even a VR installation that lets you go to a college party . But this is n't the line-up for CES -- it 's the Sundance Film Festival . After bringing a handful of Oculus Rift installations to Sundance in 2014 , the festival 's New Frontier program , which focuses on innovation in filmmaking , is doubling down and bringing in a much larger slate of virtual reality experiences for 2015 . Of the 13 installations in the program , nine feature VR and one of the remaining four -- a videogame-esque piece about the Iranian Revolution in 1979 -- could have a virtual version one day . It 's a slate , senior programmer Shari Frilot says , that shows VR is "  a point of conversation that 's going to be really relevant to festival audiences and filmmakers . " "  I 've never really seen anything like this where a new technology is so muscularly poised to hit the market , " says Frilot , who has curated the New Frontier program for nine years . "  This is the year that we 're really going to get wired into this hardware in a major way . It really has the potential to shift the -LSB- filmmaking -RSB- terrain quite a bit in a very significant and deep way . " Algorithms Are Great and All , But They Can Also Ruin Lives Oculus , of course , has been to Sundance before . In 2012 , a pre-Oculus Palmer Luckey made the VR goggles for Nonny de la Peña 's "  immersive journalism " project Hunger in Los Angeles .  Peña will be back in 2015 with a piece on children in Syria . Last January , festivalgoers got a taste of the space dogfighting game EVE : Valkyrie on the Rift , and multimedia artist Chris Milk brought an immersive version of his "  Sound and Vision " Beck concert that was a hit with fans . He 'll also be returning for Sundance 2015 . In the months since the last festival in Park City , Utah , Oculus experiences have become the ultimate crowd-pleaser at all kinds of industry events . HBO brought a Game of Thrones experience to South By Southwest in March . Then , after Oculus ' $ 2 billion acquisition by Facebook , Legendary Pictures one-upped HBO with a Jaeger-piloting simulation at Comic-Con International this summer . And , of course , VR made a huge splash at E3  again  this year . Basically , anywhere there 's been a gathering of people interested in any form of media in the last 12 months , there 's been a VR experience in the offing . And now that virtual reality is also coming in the form of Google Cardboard and Samsung 's Gear VR the demonstrations are just beginning .  Some of Sundance 's New Frontier offerings are being presented in Cardboard and on Samsung 's device . What Would Your Ideal , Photoshopped Face Look Like ? 14 People Find Out Part of the appeal of these VR installations , of course , is that the Oculus Rift is still in developer-only mode -- there 's not a consumer version yet . For the time being , it 's a cool novelty to tell your colleagues about as you hang up another conference badge and get back to work . But Sundance is a unique case : a lot of the New Frontier projects are made by filmmakers -- people who see virtual reality as a new way to experience movies , not just promote them . Creation is the prime mover here , not ancillary marketing . So , what 's in the offing ? For starters , Chris Milk is back with a collaboration he did with VFX firm Digital Domain and production house VRSE.works called Evolution of Verse , a CGI "  journey from beginning to new beginning " using Cardboard . Then there 's Kaiju Fury ! , which puts you in a city as monsters are about to lay it to waste . Peña 's Project Syria will explore VR 's potential as a documentary tool -- putting viewers on the ground in the war-torn country to show the effects of the conflict there on children . Artists Félix Lajeunesse and Paul Raphaël will also be showing a series of live-action experiences , including one that lets users sit in the room while a pianist works on music . -LSB- Ed . -- They brought this to SXSW last year , and it remains one of the most surprisingly intimate experiences we 've seen on the Rift . -RSB- And , in what might be the most thought-provoking piece at New Frontier , the program also will get a VR experience from a Sundance vet Rose Troche , who Frilot says "  wanted to make a piece about date rape and do it in a way where there was a lot of gray zones . " The director , who first came to the film festival 21 years ago with the black-and-white lesbian dramedy Go Fish , teamed up with CG whiz Morris May for Perspective ; Chapter I : The Party . It 's a VR experience that takes a fairly conventional premise -- awkward college students hanging out at a party -- and turns it into a first-hand experience where a girl and guy "  meet , drink , and misinterpreted signals turn into things that can not be undone . " On paper , Troche and May 's piece sounds like the kind of VR effort that could be as emotionally affecting as any film . And the rest of the slate beyond Perspective reads like any independent film festival line-up . Remove the words "  virtual reality , " and the subject matter has the kind of resonance any indie fest programmer would be proud of : documentaries , a story about a father 's time in the military in Chile , a look into the lives of Mongolian yak herders . Sounds like a main competition line-up at Sundance , not specifically the New Frontier one . That 's the point . Filmmaking is just filmmaking , VR just gives it a new theater -- one that Sundance 's trendy-scarf-clad film nerds might finally be starting to see themselves in . "  Last year people were putting on the DK1 and the first thing filmmakers are looking for is image quality , and that 's where filmmakers wondered , ` This is really cool , but what about what it looks like ? ' " Frilot says . "  But now the technology has ramped up to a stage where it 'll be wholly embraced by filmmakers . " Check out the full line up for New Frontier , which runs Jan. 22 to Feb. 1 during the Sundance Film Festival , below . 1979 Revolution Game Artists : Navid Khonsari , Vassiliki Khonsari 1979 Revolution Game presents an innovative approach to non-fiction storytelling . Designed to engage players with an immersive "  on the ground " experience of the Iranian Revolution , the game integrates an emotionally impactful narrative with interactive moral choices and intuitive touchscreen gameplay while remaining true to history . Assent Artist : Oscar Raby This immersive documentary uses virtual reality technology to put the user in the footsteps of director Oscar Raby 's father , who in 1973 was a 22-year-old army officer stationed in the north of Chile , on the day when the Caravan of Death came to his regiment . Birdly Artist : Max Rheiner Flying is one of the oldest dreams of humankind . Birdly is an experiment to capture this dream , to simulate the experience of being a bird from a first-person perspective . This embodiment is conducted through a full-body virtual reality setup . Dérive Artist : François Quévillon This interactive installation uses the audience 's body motions and positions to explore 3-D reconstructions of urban and natural spaces that are transformed according to live environmental data , including meteorological and astronomical phenomena . Evolution of Verse Artist : Chris Milk Chris Milk , working with visual effects powerhouse Digital Domain and virtual reality production company VRSE.works , has created this photo-realistic CGI-rendered 3-D virtual reality film that takes the viewer on a journey from beginning to new beginning . Kaiju Fury ! Artist : Ian Hunter A dark energy experiment leads to a devastating attack by monstrous Kaiju , and you are standing at ground zero -- all in 360-degree , stereoscopic 3-D cinematic virtual reality . You will "  be there " as the beasts lay waste to a crumbling city and humanity makes its last stand . Paradise Artist : Pleix Paradise is certainly not paradisiacal if you look at it through our eyes . But neither is it totally devoid of humor , melancholy , and absurdity . Perhaps it is first and foremost life as it is , and then a touch exaggerated in the digital overdrive . Perspective ; Chapter I : The Party Artists : Rose Troche , Morris May A young college woman attends a party with the intention of shedding her "  shy girl " persona . At the same party , a young man is after a similar reinvention . They meet , drink , and misinterpreted signals turn into things that can not be undone . Virutal reality simulators let viewers experience both characters . Possibilia Artists : Daniel Kwan , Daniel Scheinert Possibilia is a multi-layered narrative experience from acclaimed directing duo the Daniels . The story of two quarreling lovers splits exponentially into more and more possible worlds as their relationship unravels . Project Syria Artists : Nonny de la Peña More than one million children have fled Syria and news reports indicate children are being specifically targeted in the violence . By combining pioneering virtual reality technologies with audio and video captured during a real event , audiences feel transported to the powerful scene , becoming witnesses as the intense tragedy unfolds . The VR works of Felix & Paul Artists : Félix Lajeunesse , Paul Raphaël Felix & Paul 's groundbreaking live-action virtual reality experiences range from independent documentary to fictional work with major Hollywood studios and stars . These experiences let viewers sit in the room with musicians making music , roam the Mongolian plains with yak herders , and experience an encounter with the afterlife . Way to Go Artists : Vincent Morisset It is a walk in the woods . It is an astonishing online and virtual reality interactive experience , a restless panorama , a mixture of hand-made animation , 360-degree video capture , music , dreaming , and code ; but mostly it is a walk in the woods , c'mon ! Zero Point Artist : Danfung Dennis Zero Point , a 3-D and 360-degree documentary for the Oculus Rift headset , creates an entirely new digital dimension . From combat training simulations at the Department of Defense to research labs at Stanford to indie game developers and hackers , this immersive experience highlights the future of virtual reality . More from Wired : 15 Incredible Photos That 'll Remind You to Be Awed by Planet Earth The Teen Brain "  Shuts Down " When It Hears Mom 's Criticism 21 Awesomely Well-Designed Products We 're Dying to Own Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	2015 's Sundance Film Festival will feature nine virtual reality installations The art will be a part of its New Frontier program , which explores innovation in the field Virtual reality is become integrated into our film experiences in a more intriguing manner than ever before
Mosul Province , Iraq  CNN  -- Kurdish forces fired mortars and explosives at extremist militants Sunday as the battle to retake a strategic dam in northern Iraq raged on . Smoke rose from the horizon , buildings were ablaze and the sound of massive explosions filled the air near Mosul Dam . By Sunday evening , the Kurdish forces -- known as the Peshmerga -- had taken over the eastern side of the structure , a spokesman for the group said . Clashes were ongoing over the western side , Peshmerga spokesman Halgord Hikmat told CNN . The forces face a daunting challenge : fighting a fierce offensive to retake the dam without damaging it . U.S. warplanes joined the effort amid growing concern that the facility is not maintained and could rupture , a U.S. official told CNN . Engineering studies show that a failure of the dam would be catastrophic , resulting in flooding all the way to Baghdad , the official said on condition of anonymity . Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , the facility on the Tigris River about 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of the city of Mosul is a key source of electricity , irrigation and flood protection . ISIS fighters seized it this month , and they were digging in Sunday to keep their grip , using snipers , land mines and other explosives in their efforts to fend off advancing forces . The United States estimates there may be up to 400 ISIS fighters in and around the dam complex , the official said . And members of the Peshmerga said Sunday that they were worried that the militants could try to sabotage the dam . Militants of ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , set up high-powered explosives around buildings and detonated them , Kurdish Intelligence chief Masrour Barzani said . Kurdish forces fought back , sparking clashes . "  We believe our Peshmerga can take  the dam  back because this is something very , very dangerous , " Barzani said . U.S. military forces used "  a mix of fighter , bomber , attack and remotely piloted aircraft to successfully conduct airstrikes near the Mosul Dam " on Sunday , according to U.S. Central Command . Map : Where is ISIS ? President Barack Obama justified the airstrikes in a letter to Congress the same day . "  These military operations will be limited in their scope and duration as necessary to support the Iraqi forces in their efforts to retake and establish control of this critical infrastructure site , " the letter read . "  The failure of the Mosul Dam could threaten the lives of large numbers of civilians , endanger U.S. personnel and facilities , including the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad , and prevent the Iraqi government from providing critical services to the Iraqi populace , " it continued . A Peshmerga colonel told CNN the operation began early Saturday with Kurdish forces advancing toward the dam as the United States carried out airstrikes . The U.S. military confirmed a mix of fighter jets and drones carried out nine airstrikes on Saturday near Mosul and the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . On Sunday , the U.S. military conducted 14 airstrikes in Iraq , damaging or destroying ISIS militants ' vehicles , armored personnel carriers and a checkpoint , Central Command . Videos released by the military showed two airstrikes near the Mosul Dam -- one hitting an armed truck , the other hitting a Humvee . The dam complex has not been hit , the colonel said on condition of anonymity . He is not authorized to speak to the media . Mosul Dam is under ISIS control , but it is still up and running , the colonel said . Engineers and employees remain at work , he said . U.S. intelligence agencies , according to the U.S. official , are also keeping an eye on the Haditha Dam on the Euphrates River in Iraq 's western Anbar province , where Iraqi troops have been holding off an ISIS assault for weeks . The dam is the second-largest in the country , and it provides water to western and southern Iraq . Earlier this year , ISIS fighters opened the gates on the Falluja dam after seizing it in an effort to stop an Iraqi military advance . The water from the dam flooded a number of villages . CNN military analyst retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks said it 's likely ISIS wants to keep the Mosul Dam in working order . "  You do n't want to have the cataclysmic event where , if this dam were to break , you would run the risk of flooding downstream along the Tigris , " he said . "  I would think that ISIS wants to retain control of that dam and would want to maintain its integrity , because it generates this electric power and they want to be able to sue that as a weapon system to those who are under their control . " U.S. President Barack Obama ordered targeted airstrikes to protect U.S. personnel and facilities in Iraq and prevent a potential genocide of ethnic and religious minority groups by ISIS . Last week , Obama declared an end to an ISIS siege that had trapped tens of thousands of Yazidis in mountains , citing the success of targeted American airstrikes . The Yazidis are one of Iraq 's smallest and oldest religious minorities . On Sunday , the Cabinet of the Kurdish region of Iraq called on the Iraqi parliament to recognize the crimes committed by ISIS against the Yazidi people as "  genocide . " The United Nations estimates they are among more than 600,000 people who 've been driven from their homes since June , when ISIS swept across the border from Syria into Iraq . Yazidi refugees braced for life in exile Opinion : In Iraq , it 's not ` mission creep ' Anna Coren reported from Mosul province , Jomana Karadsheh reported from Baghdad and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Ali Younes , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Alexander Felton , Mariano Castillo and Fredricka Whitfield contributed to this report .	Obama sends letter to Congress , stressing dam 's strategic importance ISIS wants to keep Mosul Dam working , CNN analyst says Peshmerga spokesman : Forces have retaken one side of the dam Smoke rises from the horizon , and buildings are ablaze in the battle to retake it
CNN  -- A 2-year-old who went missing from his home in Dewey , Arizona , on Monday night was found dead Wednesday , according to the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office . The body of Emmett Trapp was found by search and rescue personnel at 11:30 a.m. about one mile from his home , lying in a muddy pit once used to collect waste products from a former mining site . "  We are just devastated by the loss of this little boy , " sheriff 's spokesman Dwight D'Evelyn said . The area where his body was found on the former Iron King Mine site is being treated as a crime scene , which the sheriff 's office described as "  common protocol . " The cause of death appears to be a result of spending more than 24 hours exposed to Arizona 's elements , Sgt. Jeff Newnum said . An autopsy was scheduled to be performed later Wednesday , he said . He added that there was "  no foul play at Emmett 's body that would suggest something was awry . " Emmett was the second 2-year-old boy to go missing from Yavapai County in 10 days . His case is believed to be unrelated to the disappearance of Sylar Newton -- another 2-year-old who went missing July 25 from a camping site in Rimrock and is presumed dead , D'Evelyn said Tuesday . Emmett was reported missing by his mother at 8 p.m. Monday , the sheriff 's office said in a news release . The mother told authorities that she and her four children were at their home in the Dewey-Humboldt area , about 80 miles north of Phoenix . When the mother awoke from a nap Monday evening , Emmett -- last seen wearing a pajama top , diaper and no shoes -- was missing . The family dog had also apparently wandered off with Emmett , but returned when called . The mother told police she searched around the home and immediate area without success . Newnum said the door to the house was unlocked at the time of Emmett 's disappearance , and it appears the boy walked as many four miles , crossing hilly , rough terrain , before he was found . Newnum credited the muddy terrain in the area with helping find Emmett . He said the small footprints around the site indicate the boy "  was by himself . "	NEW : The boy was found in a muddy pit on an old mining site NEW : No foul play is suspected in his death Emmett Trapp 's body was found about a mile from his home He was reported missing Monday night
CNN  -- Apple has the pieces needed to build an iPhone model that can connect to just about any cellular network . The evidence was found under the hood of a new iPhone 4 unit made for Verizon Wireless . To work with the nonstandard infrastructure used by Verizon , Apple needed to deploy a different cell chip . The hardware company had to alter parts of the iPhone 's construction in order to make it compatible , Apple COO Tim Cook said during the phone 's coming-out event . While the new iPhone will only work on Verizon 's network , the Qualcomm chip Apple is using in these new models is capable of connecting to Verizon 's network , as well as to carriers using the GSM standard , which is what AT&T and T-Mobile USA have . The finding was unearthed by repair firm iFixIt in a full dissection of a Verizon iPhone obtained through the pre-order system . The silicon chip in the iPhone is the same type used in another Verizon phone , the Droid Pro . The latter smartphone is designed for frequent travelers and can be used easily in most countries overseas . But Apple did n't develop the first-run Verizon iPhones in a way that lets them work internationally , despite the building blocks being there . For one , it 's lacking the crucial SIM card slot used for telling the phone which network it should connect to and what its phone number is . AT&T is positioning this travel-ready ability as a major competitive advantage of its iPhones , and of other phones made for its network . That Apple has a healthy supply of these dual-carrier chips could be a sign of an impending "  universal iPhone . " Charles Golvin , an analyst for Forrester Research , is confident that the next iPhone model , expected to come out this summer , will be capable of working on both Verizon and AT&T , along with most cell networks worldwide , he said in an interview .	The inner workings of the Verizon iPhone provide hints as to Apple 's future plans Apple is using a cellular chip capable of connecting to both Verizon 's and AT&T 's networks An analyst says Apple 's next iPhone could work on both major U.S. networks
CNN  -- The debate over the controversial practice of child marriage in Saudi Arabia was pushed back into the spotlight this week , with the kingdom 's top cleric saying that it 's OK for girls as young as 10 to wed. . "  It is incorrect to say that it 's not permitted to marry off girls who are 15 and younger , " Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh , the kingdom 's grand mufti , said in remarks quoted Wednesday in the regional Al-Hayat newspaper . "  A girl aged 10 or 12 can be married . Those who think she 's too young are wrong and they are being unfair to her . " The issue of child marriage has been a hot-button topic in the deeply conservative kingdom in recent weeks . Late last month , a Saudi judge refused to annul the marriage of an 8-year-old girl to a 47-year-old man . The judge , Sheikh Habib Abdallah al-Habib , rejected a petition from the girl 's mother , whose lawyer said the marriage was arranged by her father to settle a debt with "  a close friend . " The judge required the girl 's husband to sign a pledge that he would not have sex with her until she reaches puberty . Al-Sheikh was asked during a Monday lecture about parents forcing their underage daughters to marry . "  We hear a lot in the media about the marriage of underage girls , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  We should know that Shariah law has not brought injustice to women . " Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , recently told CNN that his organization has heard many other cases of child marriages . "  We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger -- especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said . Wilcke explained that while Saudi ministries may make decisions designed to protect children , "  It is still the religious establishment that holds sway in the courts , and in many realms beyond the court . " Last month , Zuhair al-Harithi , a spokesman for the Saudi government-run Human Rights Commission , said his organization is fighting against child marriages . "  The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al-Harithi said . "  Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . " He added that his organization has been able to intervene and stop at least one child marriage from taking place . Wajeha al-Huwaider , co-founder of the Society of Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia , told CNN last month that achieving human rights in the kingdom means standing against those who want to "  keep us backward and in the dark ages . " She said the marriages cause girls to "  lose their sense of security and safety . Also , it destroys their feeling of being loved and nurtured . It causes them a lifetime of psychological problems and severe depression . " The Saudi Ministry of Justice has made no public comment on the issue . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Grand mufti speaks out after judge refuses to annul marriage of man , 47 , to girl , 8 Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh : "  Shariah law has not brought injustice to women " Human Rights Commission fighting child marriages
CNN  -- The NBA is without a Chinese-born player for the first time in 12 years , after it was announced Yi Jianlian has signed a one-year deal in his homeland . Yi failed to earn a new contract with 2011 NBA champions Dallas Mavericks , and he has returned to China to join former team Guangdong Tigers . "  It 's a huge pity to spend his prime years on the bench in the NBA without being trusted , " Guangdong general manager Liu Hongjiang said of Yi in a statement . "  He wants to play and we can provide an ideal stage . " Yi carried the flag for China at the recent London 2012 Olympics , his third appearance at the Games . His departure is a blow the league , which is looking to take advantage of the potentially lucrative Asian market . Current NBA star Dwayne Wade , a champion with Miami Heat earlier this year , told CNN that basketball still trails football as the world 's favorite sport . The popularity of the NBA in China skyrocketed when center Yao Ming joined the Houston Rockets in 2002 . The first Chinese-born player to take to the court in the NBA was Wang Zhizhi , who made history by joining the Mavericks in 2001 . The NBA 's profile in Asia has been boosted by the emergence of Jeremy Lin , a Taiwanese American who shot to global fame with a string of standout performances for the New York Knicks during the 2011-12 season . Lin , 24 , has since left the Knicks to join the Houston Rockets .	Yi Jianlian , the last Chinese-born player in the NBA , leaves the Dallas Mavericks Yi has signed a one-year contract with China 's Guangdong Tigers NBA star Dwayne Wade told CNN basketball still trails soccer as the world 's favorite sport Jeremy Lin of the Houston Rockets has boosted the NBA 's Asian profile
New York  CNN  -- A picture may be worth a thousand words , but for foster children in New York City and across the country , a picture is worth improved self-esteem , and potentially , a new home and family . As part of National Adoption Month , Heart Gallery NYC along with more than 100 other Heart Gallery locations in the United States and Canada have teamed up renowned celebrity portrait and fashion photographers . The photographers will take pictures of children in the foster care system in need of permanent adoptive families -- in hopes the kids will be seen in a different light . On Wednesday evening at New York 's Times Square Information Center , some foster kids found themselves staring back at their larger-than-life-sized pictures among the lights of Broadway at a grand opening exhibit held in their honor . For celebrity photographers such as Robert Ascroft , whose clients include Brad Pitt , Penelope Cruz , and Mariah Carey ; Howard Schatz , whose shutters have exposed the likes of Michael Douglas , Whoopi Goldberg and Brooke Shields ; and Barbara Bordnick , whose works are in the permanent collections of the International Center of Photography as well as innumerable magazines , volunteering their time and studios made for a change and reward , but came with challenges . "  I was hoping I could make them feel comfortable and make them feel special -- I wondered if I 'd be able to do that , " Bordnick said , voicing concern that she " ... wanted to get ` them ' on film , not make them into anything . " Paul Lange , a celebrity photographer who counts Halle Berry , Tyra Banks and Oprah among his clients said , "  My whole career was fashion and beauty . The nice thing about it is , instead of selling a product , we 're campaigning for a person 's future . It spoke to me to give these kids an opportunity to get a foot up on the ladder . " Lange said his biggest surprise was the "  genuineness " in the children 's expression . "  It 's like they 're saying , ` I 'm a good person inside . Give me a chance . ' They 're dying for an opportunity for someone to step forward and take a chance on them , " he said . Jasmine , 14 , who posed next to her portrait at the exhibit , said she loved it . "  I was shocked at first to see it , but I like it . ... I feel like a star . " Laurie Sherman Graff , founder of Heart Gallery NYC , says one picture can make all the difference . "  Some of the pictures prospective families typically see of these children -- it 's like looking at a driver 's license photo compared to these photos . " An average shoot for the project takes several hours . For some of the kids , the shoot provides a mini-family reunion . Lange said he 's photographed siblings who are living in the system , but not necessarily together . "  I 've had grandparents , aunts , uncles , show up at my studio so they can have an afternoon together , " he said . Once the final photographs have been chosen for each kid , giant posters are created to be exhibited for four to six weeks at high-trafficked spots including Times Square , Grand Central Station , malls and airports -- places where their curators hope to get many eyes on them . Along with the exhibit , recruitment and information tables are set up for when people stop and ask , "  What are these pictures about ? " Graff said . Jean , 18 , is close to being too old for the foster-care system , but says his poster inspires him . "  Spontaneous , handsome , intelligent , " were words he used to describe his chosen shot . "  I 'd like to be a star for eternity . But for now , I hope to get a family and live my life , " Jean said .	Celebrity photographers join the effort to help children in need of a home They hope the kids will be seen in a different light The event is part of National Adoption Month Heart Gallery NYC works with other locations in the U.S. and Canada
CNN  -- I 'm not an auto mechanic , I 'm an Army wife , a mother and -- when time permits -- a journalist . So when my car needs work , I take it to someone with oil on his hands and years of experience looking under hoods . The same is true for plumbing problems , legal issues and medical care . I do n't assume that I know better than the experts . When necessary , I get a second opinion but , ultimately , I always yield to the advice of those who know more than me . With that in mind , I am thrilled that President Obama has decided to listen to his experts -- the military commanders and strategists -- and is committing more troops to Afghanistan . But as an Army wife at Fort Bragg whose husband has already done three tours of duty in Afghanistan , I ca n't help but close my eyes , grit my teeth and brace myself for the hard days ahead . As happy as I am that the president has finally made a move after months of deliberating , I know that this announcement is likely bad news for me . Deployments are awful -- just awful . There is no bright side and no silver lining . For most of us in the military community the luster of sacrificing for our country wore off a deployment or two ago and we are now coasting on the fumes of commitment and shared sacrifice . Many of us who are married to the military are n't even sure why we are willing to endure yet another deployment . We just are . Our spouses see the fight firsthand and are reminded daily of why this battle must be won . They get pep talks at work and enjoy the camaraderie of their fellow soldiers . We at home just hear the gripes of war-weary Americans and see the news reports of waning support . We do n't experience the victories , we only see our children developing emotional problems , our marriages falling apart , our careers sidelined , our dependence on antidepressants climbing , even our houses crumbling from years of neglected repairs . That 's why a troop surge in Afghanistan brings mixed feelings . More troops there means more casualties -- a word I do n't take lightly . Casualties are people , people with names and faces that I know . I see their wheelchairs at my kids ' schools and I 've dropped flowers on their freshly dug graves . A troop surge may mean that even more of my friends will be widows and more of their children will be fatherless . It certainly means more Little League teams in my community will be missing a coach , more families here will know each other only on Skype and more pets will be abandoned . It may very well mean that I will spend more years being both mother and father , and that I 'll have more conversations with my children about why their daddy is always gone when so many daddies never leave . These are not things to celebrate . But right now , after just hearing our president give an inspiring speech , I 'm going to consider that this plan may mean that my friends who are in Afghanistan now will finally have what they need to stay safe . Maybe it will mean that if and when my husband has to go back there , he will be in a better and safer situation . And , more than anything else , maybe it will mean that our nation will succeed in Afghanistan and that all of these years that my husband and I have lost together , all of these friends we 've buried , all of these injuries he and others have nursed -- will have been worth it . I am not a strategist . I do not know what will take us to victory in Afghanistan . I can not say if sending 30,000 more troops is the right or the wrong decision . All I know is that the president consulted the experts and then he sought second , third , fourth -- and who knows how many more -- opinions , and this is the solution he has reached . I commend him for making a definitive plan . I will pray for his wisdom and for the strength and safety of the troops who will be going into harm 's way , just as I pray for those who are already there . I will also pray for all the families back home who are about to send their soldier or Marine into the fight . Theirs is a battle I know . For many of them , their war is just starting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebekah Sanderlin .	Sanderlin glad Obama listened to experts , knows days ahead may be hard for other Army wives Sanderlin : "  There is no bright side and no silver lining " to deployments Army wife hopes deployments will mean troops will get what they need to stay safe
CNN  Any traveler who returns with mementos from their adventures might struggle deciding what exactly to do with them . Perhaps that 's why astronaut Neil Armstrong , the first man to step foot on the moon , left some of his personal artifacts from his journey to the moon in a closet . Armstrong 's widow , Carol , found the items , and she snapped a picture of them that she shared with curators at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum , a release from the museum said . Armstrong , who uttered those now famous words , "  One small step for man , one giant leap for mankind , " died in 2012 after complications associated with heart surgery . In the wake of his death , Carol Armstrong donated many of the Apollo 11 artifacts to the museum 's National Collection . She also shared some of her husband 's correspondence and paper files to his alma mater , Purdue University in Indiana . Not until recently did Carol Armstrong email the museum with the news she 'd found , "  a white cloth bag filled with assorted small items that looked like they may have come from a spacecraft . " With the email , she included a picture of the items , spread out on her carpet . Most of the artifacts Carol Armstrong had made available to the museum prior to her closet find , were n't any actual flown artifacts , but were still exciting , Allan Needell the Apollo curator at the National Air and Space Museum told CNN . Carol Armstrong 's locating the bag and turning to the museum "  to help determine the significance of the items it was an immense honor and challenge , " Needell said . The physical challenge of conserving and protecting the items , which Carol Armstrong shipped to the National Air and Space Museum , along with the intellectual challenge of determining what they were led Needell to enlist a team of experts from the Apollo Lunar Surface Journal  ALSJ  . For a year , the team worked to document and understand the "  function and significance of each of the items in the bag , " confirming recently that a few definitely came from Neil Armstrong 's Apollo 11 mission . The first they were able to verify was the white cloth bag in which the items were found . The temporary stowage bag was often called the "  McDivitt purse , " named after Apollo 9 Commander James McDivitt , who suggested astronauts might need a place to temporarily stow items . Evidence that the bag and its contents were a part of the moonwalk mission were confirmed through Armstrong 's own words . He 's recorded as having said , "  You know that that one 's just a bunch of trash that we want to take back -- LM parts , odds and ends , and it wo n't stay closed by itself . We 'll have to figure something out for it . " But transcripts from the ALSJ provide evidence Armstrong alerted mission control to the bag of "  odds and ends " on board before their return . This was imperative as the return trajectory calculations would have needed to accommodate the additional weight  about 10lbs  in order to allow the team 's safe re-entry to Earth , explained the curator in a blog post on the museum 's website . Inside the bag was the camera that recorded Armstrong 's landing on the moon , as well as his famous remarks upon his landing . The 16mm data acquisition camera was mounted in the window of the lunar module Eagle and recorded historic images : Armstrong just before he stepped onto the moon . Armstrong planting the American flag with Buzz Aldrin . Also a part of the haul was a waist tether used by Armstrong to help support his feet during a rest period on the moon . Astronauts used these tethers as security in case they were forced to do a spacewalk during orbit , the museum release said . These items are now on display as a part of the Air and Space museum 's temporary exhibition , "  Outside the Spacecraft : 50 Years of Extra-Vehicular Activity . " Needell said the Armstrong artifacts "  tell a number of stories " - the technical story that has been so carefully documented and the human story of those who were involved . "  It was a most satisfying discovery process , " he said . A team of experts is still cataloging some of the items found inside to determine whether any others were a part of the Apollo 11 mission . SEE : YOUR stunning photos of the night sky	Artifacts from Apollo 11 are found in Neil Armstrong 's closet Armstrong 's widow , Carol , notified the Smithsonian Air and Space museum of her find Among the items : The camera that recorded Armstrong 's moonwalk
CNN  -- As they seek solace from the ignominy of a ban from representing their country because of a drinking bout , six Australian rugby internationals might just have been served the perfect tonic - knowing that they are not part of the country 's Olympic team . A day after a total of 15 players were disciplined for breaching ` internal team protocol ' , the Australian Olympic Committee  AOC  issued guidelines about how its own athletes should behave at future Games after the consumption of alcohol . There is to be no ` swaying , staggering or falling down ' while rambling or boisterous conversations , annoying team members and difficulty in paying attention to others are also outlawed . While drinking may be permitted outside the Olympic Village , team members have been left in no doubt as to the expectations now placed upon them . "  These restrictions have been implemented to ensure that Australia 's Olympic athletes are given the opportunity to compete to the best of their ability and with distinction , " said a statement bearing the name of AOC President John Coates . The failure to comply with these directives , which include the non-consumption of any alcohol in the Olympic village , would likely lead to expulsion from the team camp . The first test for Australian athletes will come at the Winter Olympics in Sochi in February . The measures came after a 2012 Olympic Games where some Australian athletes were criticized for their drunken behavior at an Olympics where the nation collected its lowest medal haul in 20 years . The swimming team 's drunken behavior was particularly frowned upon following an independent review , while a rower was detained by police for damaging shop windows after a drinking session . Last week , it was the turn of Australia 's rugby players to hit the headlines for their drinking . Veteran international Adam Ashley Cooper was one of the six suspended , along with Nick Cummins , Liam Gill , Tatafu Polota-Nau , Benn Robinson and Paddy Ryan . While the latter will miss the match against Wales later this month , the remaining five will all miss this weekend 's clash with Scotland . Yet the extent of the consumption of what coach Ewen McKenzie called "  inappropriate levels of alcohol " went even further , with a further nine players warned as to their future conduct . "  Let 's be clear - these are internal sanctions and are n't a result of any complaints or reports of inappropriate or sinister behavior while our players were out , " said the former international . "  We 've done this because we need to continually reinforce the need for our players to make smart decisions to benefit the team . "  The worst thing you could do for the Wallabies in the long term is nothing , because that would mean we would be ignoring poor culture and a significant performance issue . " Despite the drinking spree , which took place early on Wednesday morning of last week , Australia defeated Ireland 32-15 in Dublin three days later , with Cummins among the try scorers . Several Australian rugby players have been involved in drinking incidents in recent times , including James O'Connor -- who lost his contract with the national team as a result -- and Kurtley Beale , who has sought counseling for his problems .	Australian Olympic Committee issues stringent drinking code Move comes a day after six Australian rugby players were barred for ` inappropriate ' alcohol consumption Australia 's swimmers and rowers fell foul of alcohol at 2012 Olympics
CNN  -- After days of heavy fighting , forces loyal to Ivory Coast 's Laurent Gbagbo laid down their arms Tuesday , and the self-declared president was negotiating the terms of his surrender , his foreign minister said . Calm was reported Tuesday afternoon in Abidjan , the West African nation 's largest city and the center of the battle between Gbagbo 's military and those loyal to his rival , Alassane Ouattara , who is recognized internationally as the legitimate president . "  We must now do what we can do to have lasting peace , " said Alcide Djedje , the foreign minister , who participated in talks at the French ambassador 's residence in Abidjan . Two of Gbagbo 's generals were in "  the process of negotiating a surrender , " French Prime Minister Francois Fillon told parliament Tuesday . A U.N. official said that Gbagbo asked for U.N. protection for himself during the negotiations . Ouattara 's camp said it was sticking to a demand it has made all along : that Gbagbo recognize Ouattara 's victory at the polls , said spokesman Patrick Achi . "  I think it is something very important , " Achi said . "  The military fight is almost over . As soon as he surrenders , all the fighting will stop . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Ouattara wants Gbagbo to sign a letter saying he recognizes his rival as president . In a phone interview with French news channel LCI , a man claiming to be Gbagbo said he would not sign the paper because he does not acknowledge his rival 's victory and that he demands "  the truth of the ballot box . " But , he said , he is willing to meet with Ouattara . He also said the French have inserted themselves into the war . "  My problem is not to stay in a building or not , " the man said . "  My problem is that we find an exit from this crisis . " A key question is whether Gbagbo will remain in the Ivory Coast , said Choi Young-jin , head of the U.N. mission in the country . "  Gbagbo had many options after the election , but he squandered his opportunities , " said Choi , who has been speaking with Ouattara as well as Gbagbo 's advisers . "  I do n't know what options he has now . " "  I think he  Gbagbo  knows everything is over for him , " said Youssoufou Bamba , Ivory Coast 's ambassador to the United Nations . "  His military forces have been defeated . He is alone now . " Bamba said Gbagbo should go on trial "  because he has committed so much crime " against civilian and peaceful demonstrators . But Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga , who served as the African Union 's main negotiator in Ivory Coast , said Ouattara and others should consider allowing safe passage for Gbagbo to Angola , South Africa or another country . Choi said the combat is over and that only a few elements were out on the streets . An American resident of Abidjan , who did not want to be identified , said she could hear sporadic gunfire from her apartment but the heavy shelling and mortars had stopped . Choi said Gbagbo was hunkered down in the basement of his Abidjan residence with his family . He said there were still guards posted around the house , but not many . U.S. President Barack Obama called Tuesday for Gbagbo to "  stand down immediately . " "  Tragically , the violence that we are seeing could have been averted had Laurent Gbagbo respected the results of last year 's presidential election , " Obama said . "  To end this violence and prevent more bloodshed , former President Gbagbo must stand down immediately , and direct those who are fighting on his behalf to lay down their arms . " Ouattara 's forces entered Abidjan on Thursday after an offensive that swept across the country . When they arrived , the sporadic post-election violence that had plagued Abidjan for four months escalated into war . By Tuesday , they had surrounded the presidential palace . "  We do not see why he shall not surrender , " Achi said earlier , adding the new government may seek trial for Gbagbo in the International Court of Justice . An Abidjan resident said state-run television , which has served as a powerful mouthpiece for Gbagbo , went dark Monday , a sign that Ouattara 's forces had overrun the building . Gbagbo 's forces suffered a setback Monday when U.N. helicopters fired on one of its camps to prevent the use of heavy weapons against civilians and U.N. peacekeepers . Djedje , the foreign minister , said the U.N. attack prompted Gbagbo 's forces to stop fighting . "  Since there was no more ammunition and weapons , they decided to lay down the arms and negotiate a cease-fire , " he said . U.N. peacekeeping director Alain Le Roy told reporters the United Nations was not taking sides in the conflict , but had to act after three days of fire from Gbagbo 's forces left four U.N. peacekeepers seriously injured . "  We are shooting at heavy weapons . We are not shooting at the presidency , " Le Roy said . The political chaos and violence has claimed hundreds of lives in Ivory Coast . In one of the bloodiest incidents yet , the International Committee of the Red Cross reported the killings of 800 people last week in the western cocoa-producing town of Duekoue .	NEW : Man identified as Gbagbo tells station he wo n't recognize Ouattara win Gbagbo 's forces laid down their arms , his foreign minister says A U.N. official says Laurent Gbagbo has asked for U.N. protection The U.N. envoy to Ivory Coast says combat is over
CNN  -- Former World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  president Dick Pound has warned it is not just cycling that needs to crack down on the use of performance-enhancing substances . As cycling 's governing body the UCI grapples with the fallout of the Lance Armstrong doping scandal -- which has resulted in the American being stripped of his seven Tour de France titles -- Pound called for every sport to remain vigilant . "  I think every sport is at risk , " the former International Olympic Committee vice president told CNN . "  They use different drugs in different sports : track and field , swimming , weightlifting , football has had it -- pick a sport and you could probably determine which drugs are the drugs of choice . " Pound also insisted that unless the UCI acted decisively , cycling could be irreversibly damaged . "  It could be a watershed moment -- you hope that the UCI will stop trying to blame everyone else rather than themselves , " added Pound . "  We have to get this act together very quickly , because it is entirely likely that this was not the only team in the peloton involved in organizing cheating , " referring to the United States Anti-Doping Agency 's conclusion that the U.S. Postal Service team and Armstrong had run "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen " . "  If they do n't get their act together , it could spin out of control . "  Sponsors are already dropping out for teams , individual sponsors have dropped Armstrong while the Spanish , Italians , Germans will be wondering if some of their people are doing some of this . "  When you see how pervasive the system of cheating was in one team -- this was probably not the only place it happened . You wonder where else it happened . " Despite the extraordinary weight of evidence produced by the USADA and UCI chief Pat McQuaid arguing Armstrong "  deserves to be forgotten in cycling now , " the Texan has maintained his innocence , Pound has been a strong critic of the UCI , suggesting there is no way the organization could have been completely in the dark regarding the use of banned substances in cycling . The Canadian was sued by the UCI in 2007 , after his term as WADA president had come to an end , for comments he made criticizing the body 's former president Hein Verbruggen . An out of court settlement was reached in 2009 , with Pound acknowledging some of his comments could have been perceived as excessive but that he had felt the UCI 's actions had been insufficient . Operation Puerto Pound argues that Operation Puerto shows just how systematic doping had become in cycling . Operation Puerto was an investigation -- started by the Spanish police in May 2006 -- into the doping ring led by Doctor Eufemiano Fuentes , which involved high-profile cyclists such as Ivan Basso and Tyler Hamilton . "  Operation Puerto has been stalled because of Spanish bureaucracy -- probably because of the damning involvement of the Spanish doctors involved , " explained Pound . Against a backdrop of the lurid doping headlines , the route for the 2013 Tour de France was announced on Wednesday at an event in Paris ahead of the 100th edition of the grueling race . For the first time in 10 years , each of the Tour 's 21 stages will take place within the France , with the riders starting on Corsica , before completing the 3,360 kilometer marathon with a tradition dash along the iconic Champs Elysees on July 21 . Tour director Christian Prudhomme insisted the unveiling of the race route was a time to talk about the magic of the Tour rather than the issue of doping , although he insisted : "  A movement has started a few years ago and it must go on . Everybody must work on it . " Prudhomme also argued that the Tour titles taken away from Spaniard Alberto Contador and American Floyd Landis for doping offenses suggested the current tests do work . Team Sky dominated the 2012 race , with Bradley Wiggins becoming the first Briton to win the title , with his compatriot and teammate Chris Froome coming second . But it could be difficult for Wiggins to defend his title , with many observers already suggesting the 32-year-old could struggle with 2013 's comparatively hilly route .	Former WADA chief Richard Pound says sport must crack down on doping Cycling has been rocked by Lance Armstrong being stripped of seven Tour de France titles The UCI attempted to sue Pound in 2007 for comments he made about the organization The 100th Tour de France will be the first in 10 years to take place entirely with French borders
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The international community is now waiting for confirmation from the United States and South Korea on whether a seismic disturbance in North Korea Tuesday is in fact the hermit regime 's third underground nuclear test . The area of the disturbance is near the area of North Korea 's two previous nuclear tests . The epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 event has little to no history of earthquakes , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . If confirmed as a North Korean nuclear explosion , the event would closely follow a controversial rocket launch from December which marked a milestone in the pariah state 's rocket program . The United States and many other countries believe it is a cover for the testing of ballistic missile technology . Late 1970s With Chinese technical assistance , North Korea begins working on the development of short-range ballistic missiles based on Soviet Scud technology , which is itself derived from Germany 's V-2 rocket . 1980-84 Work starts on the development of the North 's own version of the Scud-B missile system , thought to be designated the Hwasong-5 . Successfully test launches several prototypes with a range of around 300km . 1985-87 Deployment of Hwasong-5 begins , followed by the longer range Hwasong-6  500km  , which gives Pyongyang the ability to hit targets deep into South Korea . 1987-95 Begins development of No-dong missiles , a "  scaled up " version of the Scud with a range of 1,000-1 ,300 km and much larger payload , allowing it to reach Japan and Taiwan . A No-dong is successfully tested from the Musudan-ri launch site , traveling 500km before plunging into the Sea of Japan  East Sea  . Though the project is beset by technical problems -- the missile 's targeting system was inaccurate -- the No-dong arouses particular concern because it could potentially carry a nuclear warhead . North Korea has long been suspected of developing its own nuclear weapons program . Late 1990s Pyongyang introduces the Taepo-dong-1 and 2 -- both multi-stage missiles that give them a much longer range . A Taepo-dong-1 is test-fired in August 1998 -- reportedly overflying northern Japan -- in an apparent attempt to deploy a satellite in space . Though the mission fails , the first two stages of the three-stage rocket separate successfully and travel for almost 1,700 km . May 1999 Former Defense Secretary William Perry visits North Korea and delivers a U.S. disarmament proposal . September 1999 North Korea pledges to freeze long-range missile tests . U.S. President Bill Clinton eases economic sanctions against North Korea just days later . A U.S.-led international consortium also agrees to sign a $ 4.6 billion contract to build two nuclear reactors in North Korea . June 2001 Unhappy with the progress on its promised power plants , North Korea threatens to restart its nuclear weapons program . It says it will start testing missiles again unless normalized relations are resumed with the U.S. July 2001 U.S. State Department reports North Korea is going ahead with development of its long-range missile . A Bush administration official says North Korea has conducted an engine test of the Taepo-dong-1 missile . December 2001 President George W. Bush warns Iraq and North Korea that they would be "  held accountable " if they developed weapons of mass destruction "  that will be used to terrorize nations . " January 2002 Bush labels North Korea , Iran and Iraq an "  axis of evil " in his State of the Union address . "  By seeking weapons of mass destruction , these regimes pose a grave and growing danger , " he says . 2003 North Korea withdraws from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , an agreement that was signed by most of the world 's countries to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons . It reactivates its nuclear power facilities and begins test-firing missiles . In April that year , Pyongyang declares that it is a nuclear power . July 2006 North Korea test-fires six missiles , including a long-range Taepo-dong-2 rocket believed capable of reaching western United States . The rocket fails after 40 seconds , but U.S. denounces tests as "  provocative . " October 2006 North Korea claims to have successfully tested a nuclear weapon at an underground facility in Hwaderi . Days later , the test would be confirmed by the outside world . Responding to the test , the U.N. Security Council approves a resolution to impose sanctions against North Korea and require an end to nuclear and ballistic missile tests . North Korea rejects the resolution and walks out of the Security Council chamber . February 2007 North Korea agrees to take first steps toward nuclear disarmament and shut down its main reactor within 60 days before eventually dismantling its atomic weapons program after six-party talks in Beijing . September 2007 In an agreement signed at the six-party talks in Beijing , North Korea agrees to begin disabling its nuclear weapons facilities and allow a U.S. team , including technical experts , to take the lead in doing so . August 2008 North Korea declares it has stopped disabling its nuclear plants and will consider restoring them since the U.S. has not removed it from a list of states that sponsor terrorism . October 2008 U.S. removes North Korea from list of states that sponsor terrorism . April 2009 North Korea initiates what it calls a peaceful launch of a satellite , but the U.S. State Department declares it a "  provocative act in violation " of a 2006 Security Council resolution prohibiting North Korea from conducting ballistic missile launches . North Korea says any sanctions or pressure applied against it following its recent rocket launch would be considered a "  declaration of war . " May 2009 A second underground nuclear test is conducted in May that year . March 2012 North Korea declares it will launch a long-range rocket in April to deploy a satellite into orbit . April 2012 Defying warnings from the international community , North Korea launches a long-range rocket . However it breaks apart before escaping the earth 's atmosphere and falls into the sea . In an unusual admission of failure , North Korean state media announces that the rocket had not managed to put the observation satellite into orbit . December 2012 Pyongyang announces plans to launch another rocket in a fresh attempt to send a satellite into orbit . Just two days after announcing that the launch window would be extended due to technical issues , a long-range rocket lifts off from a launch site on the west coast of North Korea . Amid a chorus of international criticism , Pyongyang declares the mission a success and says a satellite was sent into orbit . January 2013 A U.N. Security Council resolution submitted by the United States condemns December 's rocket launch and expands existing sanctions . In response , North Korea issues a statement saying that it plans to carry out a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it said are a part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . February 2013 North Korea appeared to have conducted its third underground nuclear bomb test February 12 , as the U.S. Geological Survey reported a seismic disturbance centered near the site of the secretive regime 's two previous nuclear tests . The area around the reported epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little or no history of earthquakes or natural seismic hazards , according to U.S. Geological Survey maps . "  It 's a nuclear test , " said Jeffrey Lewis , director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies . "  That magnitude and that location -- it 's awfully unlikely it 's anything else . " The reclusive , Stalinist state announced last month that it planned a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it said were part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States .	North Korea appears to have conducted third underground nuclear bomb test U.S. Geological Survey reported seismic activity near site of two previous nuclear tests Area around magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little history of earthquakes , says USGS "  It 's a nuclear test , " says Jeffrey Lewis of Monterey Institute
