Washington  CNN  -- Congress returns to Washington on Monday after a monthlong summer break to jump right into debate and votes on a resolution giving President Barack Obama the authorization to strike Syria . How this all will unfold over the coming week is far from certain , but here 's how things could play out : Monday • The House and Senate are in session at 2 p.m. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is expected to take the first procedural steps to overcome an anticipated filibuster over whether to officially take up the Syria resolution . Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who filibustered John Brennan 's confirmation as CIA director earlier this year to protest Obama 's drone policy , told Fox News on Sunday that he was weighing his options on how to stall the resolution . Rogers : Obama is losing support on Capitol Hill • Obama will give a preview of his address to the nation when he does a round of interviews with major TV and cable outlets . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer will report on his interview with the president on "  The Situation Room " at 6 p.m. ET . Zelizer : Obama faces big hurdle convincing public on Syria • All House members get an intelligence briefing from Secretary of State John Kerry , Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , National Security Adviser Susan Rice , Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper at 5 p.m. ET . • Rice will also brief members of the Congressional Black Caucus . Tuesday • Debate expected in the Senate . • Obama goes to Capitol Hill to meet with Senate Democrats on Syria . • Obama takes his case for a strike on Syria to the American people when he addresses the nation at 9 p.m. ET . Democratic Rep says Obama should withdraw request for authorization Wednesday • Should opponents filibuster whether to take up the Syria resolution , the first critical vote in the Senate could come today , requiring 60 votes to break the filibuster and move on to debate . If opponents lose the vote , they could still demand an additional 30 hours of debate on whether to take up the resolution . • Kerry , Hagel and other administration officials will brief all members of the Senate . McDonough : This is not Iraq or Afghanistan After that ? • What follows could be dictated by complicated parliamentary rules , the legislative strategy of supporters and opponents and other unforeseen variables that could influence the timeline of the debate . It 's not clear how long the debate could last , but at some point Reid would move to end it if he thinks he has the necessary 60 votes . That could be the most significant vote of the week , because if it passes , it would send a strong signal that the resolution would ultimately succeed because final passage requires only a 51-vote simple majority . And in the House ? • Republican leaders who control the House have said they will act after the Senate but have been vague on a schedule . It 's unclear whether the House would vote on the language in the Senate resolution or take up its own version . Majority Leader Eric Cantor signaled in a memo to rank-and-file Republicans on Friday that debate could slip beyond next week . "  Members should expect a robust debate and vote on an authorization of use of military force pertaining to Syria in the next two weeks , " he wrote . Obama has steep hill to climb in the House But House GOP leaders are leaving open the possibility the House wo n't bring up the resolution if it fails in the Senate . House Speaker John Boehner 's spokesman signaled that the burden for getting enough votes in the House is on Obama . "  Only a president can convince the public that military action is required . We only hope this is n't coming too late to make the difference , " Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck said in a statement .	Senate Majority Leader Reid expected to take steps to avoid anticipated filibuster Complicated parliamentary rules will dictate how the week plays out First significant vote could come Wednesday if Reid thinks he has necessary 60 votes
CNN  -- Ecological and conservation groups are praising a move by the Environmental Protection Agency to impose new restrictions on rat poisons to help reduce the threat of accidental exposure to children and wildlife . The rules say only farmers , livestock owners and certified rodent control employees can buy rat poison in bulk . "  We are very happy that the EPA has done all it can to get these products off of the consumer market , " said Michael Fry , director of conservation advocacy for the American Bird Conservancy . "  By putting these restrictions in place , they are allowing a compromise to be made between themselves and organizations who have been working on this problem for a long time . " The EPA 's new measures , which were handed down Thursday , require that rat poisons be kept in bait stations above ground and in containers that meet agency standards . Loose bait , such as pellets , and the four most hazardous types of pesticides , known as "  second-generation anticoagulants , " will no longer be sold for personal use . Under the new restrictions , only farmers , livestock owners and certified rodent control employees will be allowed to purchase rat poison in bulk . Bags larger than 8 pounds will no longer be sold at hardware and home-improvement stores . Children who come into contact with highly toxic pellets can experience terrible symptoms from digesting them . They include internal bleeding , nosebleeds , hair loss and extensive bruising . Between 2001 and 2003 , rat poison was responsible for nearly 60,000 poisonings , according to a study done by the American Association of Poison Control Centers . About 250 of these yearly exposures result in serious injuries or death . The EPA said it believes the restrictions will not only keep the products out of children 's hands , but also reduce the ecological and wildlife risks associated with exposure to rat poison . Bait blocks that are typically placed on the ground use fish and other flavors that attract endangered species , including mountain lions . "  In California , almost every animal tested by the National Wildlife Service had residues of rodenticides , " said Fry . "  The rat baits are also very lethal to scavengers , because the toxins remain in the rodent 's body long after they initially die . " Although the EPA is receiving considerable praise for the initiative , this is n't the first time the agency has worked to combat the threat of rat poison . In 1998 , the EPA established two standards for rat poison . The agency required manufacturers to include an ingredient that made the poison taste bitter and use an indicator dye that would make the ingestion of pesticides more recognizable . But regulations were revoked in 2001 after the agency came to a mutual agreement with manufacturers to rescind the requirements . "  We determined that the dye was n't effective in keeping children from being accidentally exposed and the bittering agent actually resulted in a loss of efficiency in controlling rodents , " said Steven Bradbury , director of the agency 's Division of Special Review and Re-registration . "  In our decision Thursday , we felt that we needed an approach that would stop children coming in contact with the pesticides in the first place . That ultimately led to the implementation of bait stations , " Bradbury said . The decision to revoke the requirements led the West Harlem Environmental Action , Inc. and the Natural Resource Defense Council to file a lawsuit three years later . Both organizations saw the retraction as a way to make it easy for consumers to purchase unsafe rodenticides over the counter . According to the West Harlem group , inner-city housing and park departments such as the New York City Housing Authority could continue laying rat baits in public areas that were easily accessible to children . "  Studies show that the number of poisonings in minority children is much higher than others , " said Aaron Colangelo , a staff attorney at the Natural Resource Defense Council . "  Not only do we have an environmental health issue , but an environmental justice issue as well . " New York State Health Department studies showed that 57 percent of children hospitalized for rat poisoning were black and 26 percent were Latino . The EPA said it is working to reduce those numbers in upcoming years with regulations like the ones it introduced this week . "  We were frustrated that the EPA dragged their feet for three years before finally taking some productive steps , " said Colangelo . "  But , from our perspective , they are finally starting to do what needs to be done in order to protect children . " After June 4 , rat poison manufacturers will have 90 days to comply with the EPA 's guidelines . They will then have the opportunity to design new bait stations and formulas for their poisons . All new products should be registered and certified by June 2011 .	EPA says new regulations will reduce rat poison exposure to children , wildlife Environmental groups laud efforts to keep rat poison off consumer market New restrictions prohibit sale of loose pellets , bulk bags for personal use Bait blocks for rats that are used in the wild can attract endangered species
CNN  Build a wall the length of the border with Somalia . Recruit and train up thousands of new security officers . Give them better tactics and equipment . Kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over . But the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when Al-Shabaab opened fire at a college campus in Garissa on Thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor . Many Kenyans had believed that security improved enough since Al-Shabaab held Nairobi 's Westgate Mall under siege for four days in September 2013 , resulting in the deaths of 67 people . Had it not , the massacre at Garissa University College would have been far worse , some say . Two police officers were on duty . But the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt . With the highest death toll since the 1998 al Qaeda bombing on the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi , many are saying security is still not tight enough . And days after the attack authorities revealed that rapid response forces arrived hours late , allowing the killings to drag on . So what should Kenya do ? The answer is elusive . The battle with Al-Shabaab is not a new one , and every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable -- another attack , more deaths . Here are some of the problems plaguing Kenya 's security efforts . The notion of building a wall is somewhat grandiose , since the border runs some 700 kilometers or 435 miles . Even with a wall , militants could arrive by sea to coastal towns in Kenya that have been Islamist strongholds . The border crosses through remote areas , and many Somalis have fled their country south to Kenya . Garissa , for example is populated by mainly ethnic Somalis . The border region has become so violent that many non-Muslims have fled it , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The students at the university , many of them Christians , hailed mostly from other parts of Kenya . But Kenyans also cross north into Somalia , some to fight for Al-Shabaab , then they return home to help whip up fervor with its Kenyan affiliate al Hijra , CFR has said . The security situation may have deteriorated in recent years after Kenya 's incursion into Somalia to battle Al-Shabaab there , CNN 's David McKenzie said . Kenya wiped out some of the group 's key bases there in Operation Linda Nchi , which began in 2011 . But it made the group more diffuse -- and more likely to pop up and hit soft targets in Kenya , said terrorism expert Sajjan Gohel . It 's also simply very difficult to protect every single target from attacks -- especially in Kenya . "  It will be impossible to provide adequate security throughout the country , " Gohel said . Kenya will need a lot more help from its neighbors and the international community , including the United States , to contain Al-Shabaab . "  Al-Shabaab is not just a local terrorist group , it 's a transnational outfit , " he said . "  It operates throughout a number of countries and recruits even people from the West . " McKenzie says Al-Shabaab is trying to maintain its relevance as other terror groups like Boko Haram , ISIS and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula vie for power and influence . It 's also possible that Al-Shabaab may have abandoned aspirations of seizing a large chunk of territory after taking losses in Somalia , and decided instead to focus purely on terrorism . These attacks by small armed groups against civilians are cost-effective , Gohel said . "  If the group 's infrastructure and resources remain intact in Kenya , we will see more attacks taking place . This is not a one-off incident . " Allegiances among groups can also play a role . In 2012 , Al-Shabaab declared complete allegiance to al Qaeda . Previously , there had been a rift among the Somali terrorists over whether or not to pursue global jihad or just to concentrate on Somalia . Courts have snagged parts of Kenya 's security plans over fears of government overreach . Kenya 's government had recently passed a controversial law giving itself broad powers in the war on terror . But the High Court saw it as an affront to civil rights , and it struck down many of its details early this year , according to CFR . This included blocking the enrollment of 10,000 new police recruits . On Thursday , Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta gave a directive to have them processed . He has already been accused of taking advantage of the public 's fear of Al-Shabaab to widen police powers . Kenyatta 's government , which is Christian dominated , has wielded an abusive hand against ethnic Somalis and other Muslims in Kenya , CFR and Human Rights Watch both have said . In April , security forces carried out raids in Nairobi and in regions with large Muslim populations , targeting ethnic Somalis . "  Security officers from multiple agencies raided homes , buildings , and shops , carting away money , cell phones , and other goods , " HRW said . "  They harassed and detained thousands -- including journalists , refugees , Kenyan citizens and international aid workers -- without charge , and in appalling conditions for periods well beyond the 24-hour legal limit . " The draconian approach has helped create fertile ground for extremists looking to radicalize individuals . The United Kingdom included Garissa in a recent warning of an imminent attack . And last month , the U.S. Embassy warned of possible attacks "  throughout Kenya in the near-term " after the reported death of a key al-Shabaab leader , Adan Garaar , who was accused in the Westgate attack . Some Kenyans are now asking why security forces did not react to those warnings in advance by putting security in place . CNN 's Soni Methu reported from Nairobi , and Ben Brumfield wrote this story in Atlanta ; CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Kenya 's security has been bogged down by concerns over civil rights Kenyan Muslims have been targeted in raids and robbed , says Human Rights Watch
CNN  -- Scientists in Colombia have unearthed the remains of a true prehistoric monster believed to be the biggest snake ever to have lived on Earth . An artist 's impression of what Titanoboa cerrejonensis would have looked like . Named Titanoboa cerrejonensis , the snake would have weighed 1,140 kilograms  2,500 pounds  and measured 13 meters  42.7 feet  nose to tail tip -- dwarfing the largest modern pythons and anacondas which can grow to 6 meters  19.5 feet  . Scientists believe it slithered around the planet between 58 and 60 million years ago . Geologist David Polly , who identified the position of the fossil vertebrae which made a size estimate possible , said in a statement Wednesday : "  At its greatest width , the snake would have come up to about your hips . The size is pretty amazing . "  But our team went a step further and asked , how warm would the Earth have to be to support a body of this size ? " Titanoboa 's fossilized remains were discovered at a coal mine in the tropical Cerrejon region of northern Colombia by an international team of scientists . "  Truly enormous snakes really spark people 's imagination , but reality has exceeded the fantasies of Hollywood , " paleontologist Jonathan Bloch , who co-led the expedition , told reporters . "  The snake that tried to eat Jennifer Lopez in the movie ` Anaconda ' was not as big as the one we found . " Based on the snake 's size , the team was able to calculate that the mean annual temperature in equatorial South America 60 million years ago would have been about 91 degrees Fahrenheit , about 10 degrees warmer than today , Bloch said . "  Tropical ecosystems of South America were surprisingly different 60 million years ago , " said Bloch . "  It was a rainforest , like today , but it was even hotter and the cold-blooded reptiles were all substantially larger . "  The result was , among other things , the largest snakes the world has ever seen ... and hopefully ever will . " According to Nature.com , snakes are poikilotherms  cold-blooded  that , unlike humans , need heat from their environment to power their metabolism . Therefore research suggests that at the time the region would have had to be no less than 86 to 93 degrees Fahrenheit for the snake to have survived . Most large snakes today live in the tropical regions of South America and south-east Asia , where the high temperatures allow them to grow to impressive sizes . Meanwhile , Carlos Jaramillo -- who was also part of the expedition -- said the tropical rainforest at Cerrejon appeared to have thrived at these temperatures . "  This data challenges the view that tropical vegetation lives near its climatic optimum , and it has profound implications in understanding the effect of current global warming on tropical plants , " he said .	Snake weighed 1,140 kgs  2,500 pounds  , measured 13 meters  42.7 feet Scientists believe it lived between 58 and 60 million years ago Size offers clues about world 's temperature at this time Discovered by scientists in tropical northern region of Colombia
Departures  -- It 's not hard to identify the cultural capitals of the world . Cities such as Paris , Rome , London , Istanbul , Berlin and New York are the first-round picks for travelers seeking the best of fine art , architecture , history , music and food . And deservedly so -- any one of these towns offers such an embarrassment of riches , it would be easy to spend a lifetime exploring their greatest hits . With Paris 's museums and Rome 's architecture , Berlin 's art scene and New York 's gastronomy , why bother looking farther afield ? There are , actually , many reasons . Some of the world 's best , most interesting cultural offerings , monuments and movements can be found outside the major centers . As any well-traveled polyglot knows , some of the best finds require veering off the beaten path  and perhaps down the stairs and through an unmarked door  . For every well-trod favorite there is a lesser-known city with a buzzing cultural scene worth discovering and mercifully few tourists vying for access to the best sites . Departures : World 's most cultured beach cities Those visiting Germany , for example , might skip Berlin in favor of Dresden , a gorgeous Baroque metropolis that was the center of German high culture until it was destroyed during World War II . Its famous philharmonic survived , though , and a painstaking restoration process has revitalized the city as a destination for art and architecture . Or contemplate Helsinki : The Finnish capital rarely makes the list of European places to visit , but the city , named 2012 's World Design Capital , is exploding with new design initiatives , cutting-edge architecture and creative innovation . Whether undergoing a renaissance or remaining a well-kept secret , all the destinations on this list are -- suffice it to say -- worth the journey . GALWAY , Ireland The scene : A seaside sampling of traditional Irish heritage . The signature : Galway lies on the coast of Ireland , in a part of the country strongly connected to traditional Irish culture .  Many of the city 's outlying villages are primarily Gaelic-speaking .  Visit Taibhdhearc na Gaillimhe , the country 's national Irish language theater , to get a taste of the interplay between Ireland 's heritage and the city 's art scene . Insider knowledge : Galway is a wonderful place to hear traditional Irish music -- or "  trad " music . Skip tourist traps and opt instead for local pubs like Crane Bar . Do n't miss : The beautiful St. Nicholas ' Collegiate Church , which was built in 1320 and has the distinction of being the largest medieval parish church in the country . ALMATY , Kazakhstan The scene : A post-Perestroika bloom of experimental art and theater against a backdrop of traditional architecture flourishes . The signature : For an introduction to Kazakh culture , visit the National Museum , which stands across from the presidential palace and offers exhibits on Kazakh art and history . Afterward visit idyllic Panfilov Park to see St. Ascension Cathedral , which is one of the largest wooden structures in the world built entirely without nails . Insider knowledge : The theater scene is where the most interesting , cutting-edge art is happening . Catch a show at Art & Shock Theatre , the internationally acclaimed conceptual theater group , or visit Lermontov Russian Drama Theatre , which stages Russian plays Tuesday to Sunday and turns the theater into an exhibit space for local contemporary artists on Mondays . Do n't miss : An exhibit at Arvest Art Gallery , which opened five years ago and has quickly become the contemporary arts center of the city . Departures : New attractions in New York City ANTWERP , Belgium The scene : Quirky and modern northern European style meets classic Flemish elegance . The signature : Antwerp is a blend of the historic and the contemporary . For a taste of the historic , visit the iconic 14th-century Cathedral of Our Lady , which houses several important paintings by Peter Paul Rubens . For a modern turn , stop by the flagship location of Dries Van Noten , Antwerp 's most significant avant-garde fashion designer . Insider knowledge : Typeface enthusiasts will love the Museum Plantin-Moretus , which honors the history of typography . The collection includes the two oldest printing presses in the world . Plan to go at the end of the week since the museum is located in the Vrijdagmarkt , a 16th-century square known for its Friday market . Do n't miss : Rubenshuis , the former home and studio of the painter Rubens . The house is an architectural curiosity , built to resemble a Renaissance-era Italian palace and featuring a Baroque garden and a portico . Guests can tour here now and see many of the artist 's most famous works , including Adam and Eve . DRESDEN , Germany The scene : An old cultural hub revives 60 years after mass destruction . The signature : Before World War II , Dresden was Germany 's arts capital , but much of its famous architecture was destroyed in the firebombing of 1945 . The stone Frauenkirche , or Church of Our Lady , underwent a $ 218 million restoration in 2006 to mark the city 's 800th birthday and now anchors the Altstadt  Old Town  . See other beautifully restored Baroque buildings here , like the Zwinger Palace or the Semperoper . Insider knowledge : Six times a year the illustrious Dresden Philharmonic performs in the Frauenkirche -- including concerts for Advent and New Year 's and two events this coming season to mark Wagner 's 200th birthday . Do n't miss : Visit the Military History Museum to explore how the city has been affected -- structurally and socially -- by war . The museum , one of Germany 's largest , is only a year old but offers important , if painful , insight into Dresden 's cultural past . Departures : 10 new reasons to love the Old South HELSINKI , Finland The scene : Imaginative , hyper-current European design . The signature : Helsinki is nearing the end of its year as the World Design Capital , a distinction that brought a major influx of artists , events and design-related projects . There is plenty to catch between now and December , including a food-and-design pop-up market at the city 's abattoir  slaughterhouse  and the timber-made Kamppi Chapel of Silence , recently built in bustling Narinkka Square . Insider knowledge : Only Helsinki 's food scene rivals its design scene . Visit Chez Dominique , the city 's only restaurant with two Michelin stars , to sample Finnish gastronomy at its most elevated . Or swing by Herring Market for a taste of Helsinki 's fishier heritage . Do n't miss : Wander Punavuori , the Design District , to get the most concentrated dose of Helsinki style . The neighborhood boasts a little of everything , from antiques and fine art at Haddadin to runway fashions from Ivana Helsinki , an art , fashion and film collective that just showed at New York fashion week . HAVANA , Cuba The scene : A postcolonial time warp with a thriving music scene . The signature : A decades-long embargo has taken Havana off the radar for most American travelers -- and suspended the city in the aesthetics of the 1960s  picture old Ford Thunderbirds on the roads  -- but the music keeps evolving . Hear Cuba 's biggest acts alongside up-and-comers at Casa de la Música Miramar . Insider knowledge : Skip the government-run restaurants and opt instead for paladares , privately run eateries like La Galería , which serves elevated Cuban fare on a breezy terrace . Do n't miss : El Malecón , an esplanade and seawall that begins in Old Havana and stretches four miles up the coast . The walk offers views of several of the city 's important historical landmarks , like El Morro castle and the Castillo de San Salvador de la Punta . Departures : Secret European summer getaways Le Mans , France The scene : Ancient history meets pastoral French charm . The signature : While best known for its epic annual 24-hour auto race , Le Mans dates back to the first century B.C. and has a rich cultural history , including links to the Plantagenet dynasty . Visitors can wander cobbled streets among 15th-century timber houses in the old town , and the recently renovated Carré Plantagenêt gives a good overview of the region 's history . Insider knowledge : The Entre Cours et Jardins Festival gives the public access to roughly 20 exquisite -- and often classically French -- private gardens in the region . Do n't miss : The original Gallo-Roman walls and Roman baths that lie near the outskirts of the city . Departures : See more under-the-radar culture hubs © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Uncovering the world 's best culture requires some exploration If visiting Germany , try the restored city of Dresden instead of Berlin Consider stopping in Helsinki , Finland , named 2012 's World Design Capital
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- Russian forces appeared to be in control of two key Georgian cities early Friday , and there were reports of tanks on the move again . A woman outside a bombed apartment block in Gori , Georgia , on Thursday . Russia said Thursday that its withdrawal of Gori would be complete within hours , and the U.S. said it looked like the Russian military was gearing up to leave , but CNN 's Michael Ware confirmed that Russian troops were comfortably in control of Gori in the early hours of Friday . The town was a base for the Georgian military and is near the breakaway South Ossetia province where the conflict began . Meanwhile , there are reports of Russian vehicles on the move towards Poti , a port city in the west of Georgia . Georgia 's President Mikheil Saakashvili said that more than 100 tanks and other vehicles are traveling in convoy between the cities of Senaki and Kutaisi . CNN has not independently confirmed the claim . "  I appeal for the help of every civilized person in the world to stop this uncivilized , barbarian , inhuman , treacherous , absolutely outrageous behavior , and to save innocent lives , " Saakashvili said . He estimated that Russian soldiers control about one-third of his country and said his government has received 1,400 reports of brutal attacks . On Thursday , about 200 Russian troops were in Gori , just outside South Ossetia , the U.S. defense official said . A Russian general confirmed troops were in Gori , but said they should be withdrawn within hours . Watch Russian troops on the road to Tbilisi " The U.S. official said there were also troops in Poti , having been put ashore in the Black Sea port several days ago . Russians have been accused of bombing targets in Poti , including a military installation and ships . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov denied Wednesday that there were Russian troops in Poti . But a CNN crew that tried to drive to Poti on Thursday found the road blocked by Russian soldiers . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who has been charged with a major humanitarian mission to Georgia , warned that U.S.-Russian relations could be hurt "  for years to come " but ruled out any U.S. military action in the region . The conflict in Georgia began late last week , when Tbilisi launched a military incursion into South Ossetia in an effort to rout separatist rebels . Watch some of the destruction in South Ossetia " Russia -- which supports the separatists , many of whom claim Russian citizenship -- responded the next day , sending tanks across the border into the province . The conflict quickly spread to parts of Georgia and to Abkhazia , another breakaway region . Concern beyond Georgia 's borders prompted European leaders , spearheaded by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , to mediate a cease-fire deal and U.S. President Bush to offer humanitarian support . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is in France . A senior State Department official familiar with the negotiations said she will be going to Tbilisi with a cease-fire document that allows Russia to keep some troops in Georgia , but it will not be the final version of the document . Watch the latest on Rice 's mission " International agreements signed in the early 1990s allow Russian peacekeepers to maintain a presence in South Ossetia and Abkhazia as part of a force including Georgians and South Ossetians . Analysts see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia , which is seeking EU and NATO membership , to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia 's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep . In five days of fighting , both sides accused the other of targeting civilians , with casualty reports in the thousands . Many more people have fled the fighting into Russia and Georgia , leaving heavily bombarded towns and cities deserted . Despite Tuesday 's cease-fire deal , accusations of ongoing hostilities have continued on both sides , and Russia 's incursion into undisputed Georgian territory has adding to confusion fueled doubts that a quick solution to the conflict can be found . Watch as a reporter is grazed by a bullet " Russian Gen. Nikolai Uvarov said Russia had invaded Gori because it is Georgia 's main military base and an arms munition storage there had been left unattended . iReport.com : Ask ex-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev about the crisis Meanwhile , Russia 's deputy chief of general staff , Col. Gen. Anatoly Nogovitsyn , said that a withdrawal plan to pull troops from the breakaway region had yet to be approved by Russia 's defense ministry or its president , Dmitry Medvedev . During a Moscow visit by the leaders of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , Lavrov said that Georgia 's current borders were "  limited , " an indication that the two breakaway regions may never agree to rejoin it . All three voiced their unity against what Abkhazian leader Sergey Bagapsh called "  those aggressors from Georgia . " South Ossetian leader Eduard Kokoity compared Georgia 's initial assault on the region 's capital Tskhinvali , which prompted the Russian invasion , to Germany 's attempt to seize Stalingrad during World War II . iReport.com : Are you reminded of past wars ? Do you remember the Cold War ? "  Tskhinvali has become the Stalingrad of the Caucusus , " Kokoity said at a joint news conference . Saakashvili suggested earlier that Russia invaded his country to establish control over the former Soviet republic , where a major oil pipeline passes through . View a map of the region " "  The fact that the biggest number of bombs fell on purely economic and civilian targets clearly indicated that was a premeditated thing and it had nothing to do only with Abkhazia or South Ossetia , " Saakashvili said . Russian peacekeeping troops were also in the western Georgian city of Zugdidi , just outside Abkhazia . Video showed the Russians , clearly wearing the blue helmets that signify their peacekeeper status , at the official government residence in the town . iReport.com : How is the Russia-Georgia conflict affecting you ? U.S. officials said Russia is thought to have 15,000 or more troops in the region , between 5,000 and 7,000 more than when the fighting began . Russia 's Lavrov said Russia 's operations were about "  peace enforcement " in respect of Georgia , which "  violates all of its obligations . " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Russian military appears in control of two key Georgia cities Georgia says more than 100 tanks , vehicles moving between Senaki and Kutaisi Source tells CNN draft peace deal could see some Russian stay in Georgia Conflict began when Georgia launched action against rebels in South Ossetia
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea 's sanction-hit regime has long been accused of drug trafficking as a source of hard currency , but a new report claims drug producers are finding a ready market closer to home and that as many as two-thirds of North Koreans have used methamphetamines . According to a report in the Spring 2013 edition of the journal North Korean Review , stricter China border controls have forced methamphetamine producers in the north to seek a local market for "  ice "  known locally as "  bingdu "  . The report 's co-author , Professor Kim Seok Hyang , of South Korea 's Ewha Woman 's University , told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that interviews with North Korean defectors suggested that the country is in the grip of an "  ice " plague . "  Some informants are saying almost every adult in North Korea around the China-North Korea border are using methamphetamine , " she said , adding that the drug was often used as a palliative in place of hard-to-obtain prescription medicine . "  Actually , the hospital medical system  has  stopped for such a long time , so they need something to cure their pain ... physical pain , " she said . "  But once they get addicted to methamphetamine , there 's no way for them to get out of it . " The North Korean regime releases no official figures on drug addiction and Professor Kim said the scale of the problem could not be statistically verified . "  But almost everybody in my interview is saying so , especially those who left North Korea after 2009 , " she told the ABC . She said that interviewees told her the drug could be ordered casually and easily in restaurants , and that it had become difficult to control since it had become the drug of choice of high-ranking officials and the police . While readily available , however , informants told her it was still expensive and did not indicate that North Korea had a greater level of disposable income for recreational drug use . "  Using methamphetamine does not mean they have enough money to dispose  of  , " Professor Kim said . "  They had to get it with all the money they have . " North Korea has been widely rumored to manufacture high-grade methamphetamine as a state policy for generating hard cash . Estimates on how much North Korea generates through illegal activities such as arms trades , drug sales and counterfeiting are speculative , but reports say Pyongyang 's shadowy "  Room 39 " directs illicit trade that generates millions for the nation 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs .	Report claims North Korean drug producers are finding a ready market closer to home North Korea Review says as many as two-thirds of North Koreans have used methamphetamines Author says interviewees told her the border regions of North Korea are awash with drugs Interviewees say methamphetamines used as a palliative in lieu of prescription drugs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A juvenile court in Ghana has sentenced two teenage girls from Great Britain to nine months in jail for trying to smuggle cocaine out of the country , Ghana 's national news agency said Wednesday . The girls were stopped by customs officials at Accra trying to smuggle drugs back to Britain . The 16-year-olds will not have to serve the full sentence because they have already spent more than six months in jail , a British Foreign Office spokesman said . Fair Trials International , a UK-based group that provided legal assistance to the pair , said in a statement Wednesday that it will decide in the coming days whether to appeal . The girls faced a maximum sentence of three years but are expected to be released on April 18 , the group said . For now , the girls are housed in a correctional home for girls in the country 's capital , Accra . Ghanaian police arrested the teenagers as they were readying to board a British Airways flight back to London last July . When officials searched their laptop bags as part of departure formalities , they found about 6 kg  13 lbs  of cocaine , the Ghana News Agency and British media reports said . Authorities in Ghana said a man paid the girls 6,000 pounds  about $ 11,700  to fly to Ghana to retrieve the laptop bags containing the drugs from two of his associates , the news agency added . Those men have not been caught . Fair Trials called the girls "  pawns in a larger operation . "  It is deeply unfortunate that they , and not the men who lured them to Ghana , are bearing the consequences , " said the group 's chief executive , Catherine Wolthuizen . Ghana and other West African countries have become a transit point for drugs headed to Europe . The girls were arrested in a joint Britain-Ghana drug detection operation , the United Kingdom 's customs agency said Wednesday . E-mail to a friend	British teens sentenced to nine months in prison for trying to smuggle cocaine The duo , both 16 , were arrested in Ghana on July 2 , 2007 at Accra 's airport Girls unlikely to serve whole sentence as have been in jail more than 6 months
CNN  -- If a grown man likes to dress up and pretend he 's a Nazi killer , is that a problem ? One candidate in America 's upcoming Congressional elections acknowledges the satisfaction he gets from historical re-enactments , drawing attention to both a strange subculture and a surprising twist in Republican Party politics . "  The whole purpose of re-enacting is educating people , " Rich Iott , a Republican candidate in the state of Ohio said this week . "  This is just another way to communicate a story and keep alive the history of World War Two . " The history of World War Two is just one of several conflicts that Iott says he helped imitate as costume-drama he could enjoy with his son . In that role , he assumed the identity of "  Reinhard Pferdmann , " a fictitious member of a real division of the Waffen SS , the armed wing of the Nazi Party . Iott 's adopted unit was accused of war crimes and once included infamous sadist Joseph Mengele in its ranks . Though re-enactments are fairly common in America , this kind of Nazi playtime is an unusual way for am American parent to raise a child . Republican Eric Cantor , a Jewish lawmaker who is one of the party 's most powerful members of Congress , quickly condemned it . "  I would absolutely repudiate that and not support an individual who would do something like that , " Cantor said . Military re-enactment is , to be sure , a popular hobby that appeals to people far beyond American borders . British history buffs re-fight wars of the 17th century . Russian enthusiasts stage the 1812 Battle of Borodino every year , predictably punishing Napoleon every time .  One of them fired the blanks in his gunpowder pistol close enough to CNN correspondent Ivan Watson to damage his hearing  . But re-enactment may be most popular in the U.S. , where devotees gather just about every weekend with the distinctive weapons and garb of the Civil War , enjoying or ignoring the gaze of quizzical onlookers on the sidelines . A lot of Americans are watching from the sidelines now because Iott , an Ohio businessman making his first attempt at elected office , has joined a growing list of candidates with surprises swirling around them . Several of them are favorites of the Tea Party , an anti-incumbent insurgency that is growing , mostly among Republicans . It is precisely because the Tea Party supports new , untested candidates that some of them have startled the public . Senate hopeful Christine O'Donnell is a self-described religious conservative who acknowledged that she once "  dabbled in witchcraft . " She is now broadcasting advertisements with an unusual campaign pitch : "  I am not a witch . " Carl Paladino , a candidate for governor of New York state , was quickly dubbed "  Crazy Carl " in the press for intemperate outbursts and the angry tone of his campaign . He publicly threatened to "  take out " a troublesome reporter , using colorful slang to suggest physical assault or worse . But Democrats have nominated a strange candidate of their own : an unemployed and previously unknown figure named Alvin Greene , the party 's nominee for the U.S. Senate in South Carolina , whose most remarkable attribute is that he is being prosecuted on pornography charges . They 're the kind of personalities that pop up in American public life from time to time , making the U.S. seem as much an oversized circus as a super-power . You never have to wait long for the next memorable performance . But there are limits to what the audience will accept . America 's Conservatives really are conservative after all , and its Liberals invented a concept called "  Political Correctness " to set their own standards for appropriate talk and behavior . This is a testy time in American life , with all kinds of candidates emerging to express discontent with the country 's political class . One of them is denying she was ever really involved in the occult . Another is trying to distance himself from some dirty pictures . Now that we 've been introduced to an unapologetic Nazi imitator , you can only wonder who 's next .	Rich Iott , a Republican candidate in Ohio , dresses as an Waffen SS officer for historical re-enactments Mann : He joins a growing list of mid-term candidates with surprises swirling around them Christine O'Donnell says she once "  dabbled in witchcraft ; Carl Paladino , has become known for intemperate outbursts Mann : Personalities make the U.S. seem as much an oversized circus as a super-power
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Rapper Kanye West and his business manager face vandalism , battery and grand theft charges in connection with a scuffle with photographers at Los Angeles International Airport last September . Rapper Kanye West has been charged after an incident last year involving two photographers . The Los Angeles County district attorney declined to file felony charges , but L.A. City Attorney Rocky Delgadillo decided to charge West , 31 , and Don Crawley , 33 , with misdemeanors Wednesday . Police arrested West on September 11 , 2008 , after an altercation with two paparazzi , airport police said . The incident , which took place near the airport 's Terminal 4 , occurred between the rap star and Crawley -- his road manager and bodyguard -- and a photographer and a cameraman who were taking their photos , airport police said . The cameras of the paparazzi were damaged in the altercation , police said . West was charged with one count of vandalism , one count of grand theft and one count of battery , according to Frank Mateljan , the spokesman for the city attorney . Crawley was charged with two counts of vandalism , two counts of grand theft and two counts of battery , Mateljan said . If convicted of all charges , West could face up to two years and six months in jail , while Crawley could face up to five years , he said . Their arraignment hearing is set for April 14 at the Los Angeles Airport Courthouse , he said . West , a 10-time Grammy winner , and Crawley were in the airport to catch a flight to Honolulu , Hawaii , police said . The pair were outside of passenger security screening when the incident occurred . CNN could not immediately reach the star 's publicist for comment . The celebrity Web site TMZ posted a video of the incident shot by one of its reporters , who was also in the terminal when the altercation occurred . The video was short and chaotic , and the man whom TMZ identifies as West never shows his face , which is shrouded in the hood of a gray sweatshirt . According to the Web site , after West grabbed the camera from the photographer , Crawley took it from him , leaving the rap star with the lighting component . The video shows the man in the gray sweatshirt and another man in a red sweatshirt -- whom TMZ identifies as Crawley -- each smashing parts of a camera on the ground . Then the man in red approaches the camera as it is filming . He reaches out for the camera , and it appears a struggle ensues . As airport officials arrive , the man walks off . TMZ reported that after the incident with the first photographer , Crawley grabbed the TMZ reporter 's camera and allegedly broke it . Police stopped West and Crawley as they tried to leave to go through security to board the plane , the Web site said . TMZ is partly owned by AOL , part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . West quickly became a hip-hop star after his first album , "  College Dropout , " debuted in 2004 , earning him a best rap album Grammy that year . He twice matched that feat with 2005 's "  Late Registration " and 2007 's "  Graduation . " West also has won three best rap song Grammys for his hits "  Jesus Walks , " "  Diamonds from Sierra Leone " and "  Good Life . " His other four Grammys include two best rap solo performance awards , one for best rap performance by a duo or group , and one for best R&B song for his role in helping write "  You Do n't Know My Name , " a song performed by Alicia Keys . The platinum rapper is also known for controversial outbursts , most notably in 2005 , when he went off script during an NBC telethon for victims of Hurricane Katrina , saying , "  George Bush does n't care about black people . "	Kanye West and his manager charged with vandalism , theft and battery Pair alleged to have been in scuffle that damaged photography equipment If convicted , the Grammy-winning rapper faces more than two years in jail TMZ has video that it says is of the incident
CNN  -- There 's a hilarious episode of the sketch comedy show "  Portlandia " where two hipster parents give their preschool age kid a presentation about his future . The kid , Grover , half-watches as mom and dad pull up two stock market-style charts : One shows his fortunes going up and up if he attends Shooting Star preschool ; the other shows what happens if he fails to get in : a plunge into violence , shoplifting and poverty . "  The last thing I want is you out there , you know , shooting squirrels and birds for dinner , " says the mom . "  If we do n't get you into that Shooting Star private preschool , you 're gon na end up at a public school with a bunch of riffraff . " She adds : "  We 're gon na get you into preschool . We 're gon na get you into college . We 're going to get you some money . And we 're gon na get you whatever you want ! " The skit is great because it 's based in truth . Yes , elite preschool admissions are perfectly absurd , but the benefits of preschool are seriously significant . Researchers in North Carolina and Michigan have spent decades following kids who attend preschool and comparing them with control groups of kids who did n't . While preschool , of course , does not single-handedly determine whether a kid will be successful and happy or end up shoplifting with the riffraff , on the whole the studies suggest the early schooling can reroute lives for the better . The "  Portlandia " charts are kind of real . My View : Not all preschools are created equal That 's why every one of us should hope that Congress comes up with a way to pay for President Barack Obama 's proposal that all American kids get access to preschool -- starting with those who are less likely to be able to pay for it themselves . The kind of outlay that would require might sound ridiculous at a moment when the country is headed toward Fiscal Cliff Part Deux , or "  the sequester . " But talk to the researchers who have been following kids from preschool and into their 20s , 30s and 40s , and you begin to see how transformative early education can and should be . Ultimately , it 's a cost-effective investment in a future when poor kids have the same chance at success as the obsessed-over Grovers of the world . "  Unequivocally , yes , I think it works , " said Frances Campbell , a senior scientist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . "  I do n't think there 's any question about that . " In 1972 , Campbell 's university began a project to track the success of a group of preschoolers and a similar control group of kids who were not given access to preschool . The 1970s start date "  tells you I am ancient , which I am , " Campbell said . She 's 80 now , and the research subjects are turning 40 . The ongoing study is like the science-y version of the "  7-Up " documentary series -- with researchers checking in on the lives of the subjects at several-year intervals . The differences between those who had preschool and those who did n't "  are n't huge , " she said , but they are significant . "  What matters to me , " she said on the phone , "  is that when they were 21 years old if they had had that preschool experience they were more likely to be in college and when they were 30 they were more likely to have graduated from college . " In Michigan , Larry Schweinhart is an early childhood program researcher at the nonprofit education research organization HighScope . His group also found positive , long-term results . Kids who went to preschool in the mid - '60s were less likely to have been arrested several times by age 40 , were more likely to have graduated from high school and were likely to earn more than non-pre-K kids studied . Some have criticized those studies , saying the preschools were too well-funded and fussed over for their successes to be replicated elsewhere . In North Carolina , Campbell said , kids also got help that extended before and after the typical preschool years of age 3 and 4 . Others say the study sample sizes -- about 100 kids in each case -- may be too small to support sweeping conclusions . The effectiveness of public early education programs also have been called into question . A 2012 report from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services found students in the Head Start program made early educational strides -- but that they faded by the time the students reached third grade . Schweinhart said that expanding preschool programs across the nation wo n't automatically improve lives . But if the programs are funded and managed well , he said , they will have real impact . That seems like a reasonable assessment , and it 's one that 's more or less shared by professor David Kirp of the University of California , Berkeley . "  Whether universal prekindergarten really makes a difference in children 's lives or turns out to be a false hope , " Kirp wrote recently for a CNN blog , "  depends entirely on the quality of what 's being offered . " Perhaps the real impact of preschool is most visible in the lives of real people who attended decades ago and now are adults . I asked the researchers in North Carolina and Michigan if I could talk to some of the people who are the subjects of their studies . They declined , saying that since the studies are ongoing the people must have anonymity so as not to skew results . So I went to the next best thing -- two women who attended a HighScope preschool in Michigan but were n't part of the studies the group ran . I wanted to know if they actually , really , truly thought that their lives today had been changed by the fact that they went to some classes decades ago . I figured they would n't remember much . But , to my surprise , both Simone Strong , 39 , and Katie Jones , 33 , told me their experiences around age 3 still mattered past 30 . Jones is in a wheelchair and she said the school gave her the confidence she would need to confront people who might see her as different . Strong said the school was "  empowering " and is part of the reason she has had the confidence to serve on the boards of socially minded organizations in her community . Both of their children now go to the same preschool -- in part because their older , wiser mothers realize what a big impact preschool had on their adult lives . It seems like all kids should have those opportunities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter : Research proves the effectiveness of preschool President Barack Obama recently said all Americans should have access Sutter : Preschool could be a great equalizer for rich and poor He says studies show its effects last into a person 's 40s and 50s
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For Europe 's biggest leagues the football season has ended , the boring business of kicking a ball about is over , and now the real fun can begin as the transfer window opens . Cristiano Ronaldo has left Manchester United to join Real Madrid for a world record fee of $ 130 million . What is the transfer window ? The transfer window is a set period of time when football clubs are allowed to buy new players . Although players ca n't be bought outside the transfer window it does n't stop clubs negotiating transfers before the window opens , with players signing on the dotted line once it does . There are two transfer windows per year , one pre-season , and one mid - season , which is open throughout January . The English Premier League pre-season transfer window opened at midnight on the last day of the season  May 24  and will close on August 31 , while in the other big European football nations  including France , Germany Italy and Spain  the transfer window opens on July 1 and closes at the end of August . Other countries operate pre-season transfer windows to fit the calendar of their own football seasons . See our choice of the top 20 transfer targets " . Why does it matter ? The transfer window can see some of football 's biggest stars switch club and it is a period that can determine how a team will fare during the season ahead . It is a chance for coaches to rebuild and reinforce their squads , and a time when clubs can see their key players depart for greener pastures and bigger wage packets . When a club is active in the transfer window , making big name buys , it can be taken as a statement of intent for the following season . Just watch Spanish club Real Madrid bring in star players in an attempt to make up the distance between them and arch-rivals Barcelona . The global economic downturn means many clubs may not spend as much money this summer as they have in recent years , or that they may be more willing to trade or part exchange players if they are unable to meet a player 's price tag . The final day of the transfer window , known as deadline day , often brings a frenzy of activity as teams try to finalize deals before the window slams shut , drawing the curtains until January 1 , when the transfer fun begins again . Keep up with the latest transfer gossip with our transfer blog . Movers and shakers This summer 's transfer window is likely to be dominated by one club -- Real Madrid . Their newly elected club president , billionaire construction magnate Florentino Perez , previously headed the club between 2000 and 2006 , when his policy was to bring football 's biggest names to Real Madrid . The "  Galacticos " brought to Real by Perez included the likes of Luís Figo , Zinedine Zidane , the Brazilian Ronaldo and David Beckham . Now Perez is back in charge and seems intent on reviving his "  Galacticos " policy , rsigning former World Player of the Year Kaka before smashing the world transfer record to spay $ 130 million for Manchester United 's Cristiano Ronaldo . Madrid have also been linked with Bayern Munich 's French winger Frank Ribery , Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso and Valencia winger David Silva But Real wo n't have it all their own way , facing competition from the likes of Chelsea . New manager Carlo Ancelotti is bound to have brought a shopping list with him and the club 's Russian billionaire owner Roman Abramovich will want to show that he still has the financial muscle to compete on the transfer money-go-round . Then there is Manchester City , funded by the vast oil wealth of the Abu Dhabi United Group . The owners have so far struggled to attract big names to the club and will be keen to show that City are genuine Champions League material . At the other end of the spectrum Spanish club Valencia are in all kinds of financial difficulty and may be forced to sell their biggest assets , with David Silva and striker David Villa the most prized of all .	The transfer window is the only time football teams can buy new players Real Madrid and Chelsea are likely to be the biggest-spending clubs Valencia and Newcastle United will be looking to offload some of their stars
CNN  The campaign to retake the city of Tikrit from ISIS , also known as the Islamic State , involves a curious mixture of Iraqi forces -- the army and air force , federal police , powerful Shia militia as well as Sunni tribal fighters . It 's a cast of about 30,000 fighters with an opaque command structure . And that makes it tough to be precise about numbers -- but by several estimates only one-third of those fighters are from the regular army . A CNN team that 's seen the offensive at close quarters noted that Iraqi army commanders appeared to be taking a subordinate role to leaders of the Shia militia , notably Hadi al Ameri , leader of the Badr Organization . Iranian military advisers are on hand , and highly influential on the battlefield . As ISIS fighters in the area probably number in the low thousands , it might seem odd that the Iraqi army is unable to take them on alone . After all , the Iraqi Security Forces  ISF  received $ 20 billion of U.S. money between 2005 and 2012 -- for equipment , bases and training . So just why are the ISF incapable of reclaiming territory seized by ISIS ? And how long will it be before they can stand on their own feet ? The answers go back to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 ; Iraq 's military is starting over -- for the second or third time in a decade . One of the most controversial acts of the U.S.-led Coalition Provisional Authority , which ran Iraq following the ouster of Saddam Hussein , was to disband the Iraqi army . The decision , taken in May 2003 , "  immediately created a large pool of unemployed and armed men who felt humiliated and hostile to the U.S. occupiers , " as James P. Pfiffner put it in 2010 . President George W. Bush told his biographer Robert Draper in 2006 : "  The policy had been to keep the -LSB- Iraqi -RSB- army intact ; did n't happen . " The reasons have been disputed ever since . In some places there were riots among demobilized soldiers ; at the same time training of Iraqi police was a desperately slow process because of the rapidly growing insurgency . In 2004 , as in 2014 , the security forces buckled as a Sunni insurgency spread through northern and western Iraq . Billions of dollars were spent creating a new Iraqi army from scratch . But it took two years to build a force of just 40,000 men in three light infantry divisions , so unofficial sectarian militia filled the vacuum -- militia that never quite went away . Over a seven-year period , more than $ 4 billion was spent on renovating and building Iraqi bases . Logistical and maintenance support : $ 2.6 billion . Supply of equipment : $ 3.4 billion  in addition to what the Iraqis bought themselves .  Training and staffing the Iraqi police : a cool $ 9.4 billion . With U.S. assistance and the "  Sons of Iraq " program to coax Sunni tribes into fighting al Qaeda in Iraq , violence did diminish in 2009 and 2010 . But once U.S. forces left at the end of 2011 , and with them intelligence-gathering and training programs , things began to unravel . By then , the Iraqi security forces in their many guises had become an unwieldy machine that was more a welfare program than a fighting force -- providing wages to soldiers who lacked motivation and were frequently absent from duty . The only effective units were special forces such as the Golden Division . Sophisticated U.S. equipment , such as M-1 Abrams battle tanks , was not maintained . Corruption was rife -- and political interference in the military grew exponentially . As then Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki tightened his grip on power between 2006 and 2013 , the high command of the Iraqi military became a political football -- with loyalty to al-Maliki prized above competence . He bypassed the defense and interior ministries and used elite units to pursue political enemies . The Institute for the Study of War reported in 2013 , "  the lack of oversight on military appointments has allowed al-Maliki to choose his preferred officers  nearly all Shia  to head the most significant command positions in Iraq . " Al-Maliki also began integrating Shia militia into army units . At the same time , the phenomenon of "  ghost soldiers " went unchecked -- men who were either dead or AWOL but whose wages were still being paid , often to corrupt commanders . So the army , in numbers , looked much stronger than it was . In fact , by the time ISIS rolled south , the effective fighting force was less than a quarter of its peak strength of 400,000 . Nearly half the army -- four divisions -- collapsed in short order as ISIS fighters stormed south from Syria in the early summer of 2014 . ISIS used speed , discipline and ruthlessness in equal measure -- attributes the Iraqi army did n't have . It had also cultivated allies among members of Sunni tribes ready to act as a fifth column , and its fearsome reputation for wholesale executions of prisoners led many soldiers to strip off their uniforms and flee . The desperate situation in the summer of 2014 and an imminent threat to Shia shrines in Samarra prompted a rapid mobilization of Shia militia that had already been active around the elections -- including the Badr Organization and the Asaib Ahl al-Haq . Some members of these militia had gained combat experience fighting for the al-Assad regime in Syria . In June , the most respected religious authority among Iraqi Shi'ites , Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , appealed to Iraqis to mobilize against the enemy . The call was directed at and answered by hundreds of thousands of Shia , determined to protect gains made since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's Baathist regime . The militia -- called al Hashed al Shabi or Popular Mobilization Units  PMU  -- were trained , equipped and most importantly led by Iranian military advisers and quickly became battle hardened . What they lacked in military skills , they made up for in determination . The Iranians have invested heavily in the PMUs . The commander of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Quds Force , Gen. Qassim Suleimani , seems to have spent more time in Iraq than Iran since last summer and has been photographed around Tikrit . According to several analysts , it is Suleimani that has been organizing and directing the Shia militia in what appears to have been a more deliberate and better planned assault than previous operations . Christopher Harmer of the Institute for the Study of War says the role of both the Iranians and the Shia militia are evidence of the enduring weakness of the ISF . And he says that "  if the Tikrit operation is successful it presents a lot of problems for the Iraqi government 's legitimacy -- somewhere down the road the Iranians and the PMU are going to demand payback . " The role of Suleimani and al Quds -- a foreign terrorist organization in Washington 's view -- means that US airpower has not been made available . "  The U.S. may not like Iranian influence in Iraq , " says Harmer , "  but what it absolutely can not do is provide direct support to an Iranian-led military operation . " The chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , alluded to the dilemma when in Baghdad on Monday . "  What I 'm trying to sort out , actually , is the degree to which their near-term embrace of the assistance they 're receiving from Iran is a reaction to the existential threat -LSB- posed by ISIS -RSB- , or whether it is something longer-term , " he said . Soon after taking office , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al Abadi fired 26 commanders and pushed 10 others into retirement . At the time a statement on his website stressed "  the need to restore confidence in the security forces through real action and by combating corruption at the individual and institutional levels . " U.S.-led efforts to train a new Iraqi army designed to defeat ISIS are well underway . The aim is to stand up 12 brigades each of about 5,000 troops -- including three brigades of Kurdish peshmerga . These should be ready for operations by the end of this year ; the first brigade has already completed basic training . But as Harmer notes , "  the Iraqi Security Forces are yet to go head-to-head with ISIS and win without help from the PMUs . ISIS is demonstrably more capable than the ISF . " Clearing ISIS from well-entrenched defenses around Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , seems well beyond the army 's capability . In November , Gen. Dempsey said that roughly 80,000 effective troops would be needed in any attempt to win the city . That 's problematic for several reasons . Kurdish officials told CNN last month that the longer the battle for Mosul is delayed , the tougher it will be . They claim that they can not maintain the siege of the city on three sides indefinitely . The Iraqi government is under political pressure to reclaim the city and re-establish its authority there . But above all , the need for Shia militia outside the direct control of the government to help retake largely Sunni cities is fraught with peril . Human Rights Watch has already cataloged incidents of sectarian retaliation against Sunni communities by the militia . Tikrit is an especially sensitive area : in June last year , ISIS massacred by its own account as many as 1,600 air force cadets , the vast majority Shia , at Camp Speicher . Some families of the murdered recruits , and a few survivors , have claimed local Sunni tribes may have helped ISIS or even handed over the recruits after promising them safe passage . HRW Middle East Deputy Director Joe Stork says that "  past fighting raises grave concerns that Tikrit 's civilians are at serious risk from both ISIS and government forces , and both sides need to protect civilians from more sectarian slaughter . " Tit-for-tat atrocities are fuelled by a stream of social media videos showing abuses committed by all sides . ISIS ' use of children : Propaganda and military training During the Tikrit operation , both Prime Minister al Abadi and Hadi al Ameri of the Badr Organization have publicly called for civilians to be spared and human rights to be respected . Only when the city is taken , will we know whether their appeals were heeded . Harmer says he believes a majority of Iraqis want to see their country survive ; far fewer want a return to sectarian conflict akin to civil war . But it remains a possibility . One of the greatest challenges -- politically -- will be to absorb the Shiite militia and Sunni tribal brigades into the Iraqi Security Forces , rather than have them operate as independent armies . They are meant to constitute a new National Guard , but the mechanics and timing remain problematic . The leaders of these militia have tasted power ; their men have shed blood . They are not going to just hand over the reins -- even if and when ISIS are beaten . And they wo n't have to fear a strong army for a long time to come . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Kareem Khadder contributed to this story .	Iraqi Security Forces  ISF  received $ 20 billion of U.S. money between 2005 and 2012 Iraq 's military is starting over -- for the second or third time in a decade
CNN  -- Representing "  a new kind of authentic action genre , " according to co-director Mike "  Mouse " McCoy , or if you prefer , the same old , same old wearing a bright , shining sales gimmick , "  Act of Valor " is the latest co-production between Hollywood and the U.S. military . Such partnerships are a propagandistic tradition that go back at least as far as John Wayne and "  The Sands of Iwo Jima . " Francis Coppola had to go to the Philippines to get the helicopters he needed for "  Apocalypse Now , " but "  Top Gun , " "  Transformers " and even "  Black Hawk Down " have benefited from the Pentagon 's largesse in terms of hardware and expertise . Still , McCoy and his partner , Scott Waugh ,  they style themselves "  The Bandito Brothers "  might be correct when they claim this is the first time real-life Navy SEALs have appeared  incognito  on camera in the principal roles . And if that is n't realistic enough for you , we 're told they used live ammunition in some of the firefights . There 's no official word on how many real-life terrorists were harmed in the making of this movie . In a brief infomercial that serves as a prologue to the main feature , McCoy somehow keeps a straight face as he claims there is no way an actor could reproduce the emotions the real-life SEALs feel whey they leave their wives and ship out on active duty . It 's not a very convincing argument -- Mouse , it 's called "  acting " -- and the thesis goes down in flames more or less every time one of the servicemen opens his mouth . Anonymous guy playing Senior , do n't give up the day job ! Too bad the Bandito Brothers ' nose for authenticity could n't sniff out the cliches in the stale , dopey screenplay turned in by "  300 " scribe Kurt Johnstad . The screenplay is a globe-hopping fantasy perpetuating the fashionable , paranoid myth that Central American drug barons are the natural allies of Jihadi terrorists . A single squad of SEALs connects the dots between a school bombing in Indonesia , a kidnapping in Costa Rica , covert meetings in the Ukraine and Somalia and suicide bombers tunneling into the United States from Mexico . Everywhere you look , shady foreigners are conspiring against us . Whatever you make of its reactionary politics , at least the action scenes are choreographed and filmed by Shane Hurlbut with a level of coherence that 's become rare in this genre -- even if the elaborate raids and skirmishes look more like a series of war games than actual combat . For a start , all the high-tech toys and gizmos actually work the way they 're supposed to . That goes for the SEALs too of course . There 's no equivalent here to the battle scene in the Afghan war documentary "  Restrepo , " in which we see even battle-hardened combat troops lose it when one of their comrades takes a lethal hit . There 's nothing equivalent to the Danish war documentary "  Armadillo , " either , in which we witness European peacekeepers unthinkingly break the Geneva Convention by murdering enemy casualties in the heat of battle ; nor the scenes in the Oscar-nominated documentary "  To Hell and Back , " in which a seriously wounded American vet struggles to get his life back together on home turf . That kind of authenticity is simply too hardcore for this Mickey Mouse action movie , a recruitment commercial that ultimately does a disservice to the troops by pretending that war is just like a movie -- and not a very good one at that .	"  Act of Valor " is the latest co-production between Hollywood and the U.S. military The directors claim this is the first time real Navy SEALS have appeared in principal roles The action scenes are choreographed and filmed with a level of coherence
How could it happen here ? This is the question plaguing residents of Newtown , Conn. , a picture-perfect country town with good schools , quiet streets and a strong sense of community . But small towns like Newtown are where 60 % of rampage school shootings in the United States occur . Far from big urban centers where gun violence is common , these communities are generally very safe . But more often than not , they are the places where this kind of tragedy strikes . My research team spent two years trying to understand rampage school shootings . We spent several months in Kentucky and Arkansas , in two towns that had been the scenes of shootings in the late 1990 's . We interviewed the shooters ' neighbors , friends , instructors , coaches and Sunday school teachers . We talked to people who had observed the shooters in jail cells right after the shootings , and years later in prison . We combed the records of every shooting of this kind in the U.S. from the 1970s onward , looking for patterns . And while each tragedy has its own anatomy , a picture emerged that makes sociological sense and probably has some bearing on the Newtown case . Opinion : Put reason back in America 's gun debate Rampage shootings are never spontaneous . They are planned , often for months in advance . We do n't know yet whether the Newtown shooter , Adam Lanza , gave any warnings , but in the episodes we studied , shooters commonly told their peers -- often in a veiled and ambiguous fashion -- what they had in mind . One reason shooters tip their hands is that they are trying to solve a problem . Though they are often intelligent , high-performing boys , their peers tend to see them as unattractive losers , weak and unmanly . In a school culture that values sports prowess over academic accomplishment , they face rejection . The shooters are rarely loners , but tend instead to be failed joiners , and their daily social experience is full of friction . Since they are almost always mentally or emotionally ill , those rejections -- so common in adolescence -- take on greater importance and become a fixation . Rebuffed after trying to join friendship groups , they look for ways to gain attention , to reverse their damaged identities . The shooting is the last act in a long drama : a search for acceptance and recognition . The earlier acts fail miserably . But once a shooter starts to talk about killing people , ostracism can turn to inclusion . Suddenly , he is getting the attention he has been craving . Michael Carneal , who killed three high school girls and paralyzed a fourth when he was a freshman in a Kentucky high school , pulled pranks , told loud silly jokes and stole CD 's in an attempt to impress . None of it worked . But the day he started talking about shooting people , that began to change . The Goth group he desperately wanted to join wheeled in his direction for the first time . Carneal never thought about how his actions would destroy lives or send his neighbors into a lifetime of angry mourning . Interviewed after the shooting , he said he thought that those boys would at last become his friends . He would be asked over to their houses and they would visit him . He would be cool . He was a skinny 13-year-old with glasses , a bright boy fond of reading and terrible at football -- all he was after was another identity . Opinion : Mourn ... and take action on guns Look at photos of Seung-Hui Cho , the shooter at Virginia Tech who murdered 32 people , and you will see eerie echoes of what Lanza reportedly wore : mask , military fatigues , multiple guns in assault position . Many of these young men are trying to cast themselves as stars of a movie that ends in a blaze of suicidal gunfire and notoriety . Our research on earlier shootings showed the attack is on a school because that is the center stage in a small town , where the young men can rivet the entire community If so many clues are out there , why do n't more people see them ? High-school teachers see students less than an hour a day , and rarely compare notes with other teachers , even after witnessing troubling behavior . They often do not document infractions , preferring to address problems in their own classrooms . Peers , on the other hand , do hear things . Why do n't they come forward ? Opinion : Parents ' promise : I will keep you safe First , the signal is noisy . Michael Carneal was always saying goofy things . He explained to his would-be friends that they would see who "  lived or died on Monday . " Mitchell Johnson , who , together with Andrew Golden , killed four kids and a teacher in an Arkansas middle school , told his friends that he would be "  running from the cops . " They recognized in hindsight that he was telegraphing his intentions . But at the time , most did n't know what to make of these comments . A few students took Michael Carneal 's warnings so seriously that they did n't go to school that fateful Monday . But none of the dozens of kids in either school who heard veiled threats reported them to adults . They did n't know how to interpret the signals . In the context of goofball comments they were used to , how could they know these were real warnings ? Crossing the DMZ that separates kids from adults in early adolescence is socially dangerous . Why risk being deemed a tattletale or teacher 's pet when you do n't know whether those crazy asides actually mean anything ? This quandary is the root of preventing rampage shootings in schools . Law enforcement will never be able to respond fast enough to stop shootings that often end in seconds . This is why we have to find ways for people who hear troubling rumors or threats to report them to people who can investigate and intervene . And while we do not know enough now to tell whether anyone had a clue about Adam Lanza 's murderous intentions , it will not come as a shock if it turns out there were people in his social orbit who had an inkling , fuzzy and incredible as that inkling might be . It would fit the pattern of what we saw in virtually all of the other rampage shootings in American schools . Opinion : Has life in America gone insane ? Would gun control help ? Yes and no . Yes , because anything that thwarts the efforts of a Carneal or a Johnson to get their hands on guns will make it harder to perpetrate a massacre and will deter the ambivalent . If Adam Lanza had had to go to greater lengths to get his hands on weapons , he might have run out of psychic energy to do this terrible deed . It appears he had little trouble , though , because the guns belonged to his mother , were registered and legally owned . Why in the world we enable civilians to own such lethal instruments baffles millions of citizens and will be the subject of a searching debate if our politicians can get over the barriers that have prevented serious reform . But gun control is not enough . A determined person will find a way . Andrew Golden and Mitchell Johnson took a blow torch to a safe to try to get at the guns they knew were hidden there . That failed , so they found wire clippers and managed to cut their way through the cables that were supposed to keep Golden 's grandfather 's gun collection out of the wrong hands . People who are this intent on getting their hands on weapons are very difficult to stop . That is not an argument against gun control because thousands of unbalanced young men are not quite that determined ; they are ambivalent . That is why gun control is a necessary but not sufficient step . Although we will not be able to stop all of these tragedies , we can cut down on their number by insuring that adults make themselves available to kids in completely confidential settings , reassuring them of their privacy when they take that risky step to come forward . We can provide opportunities for "  round pegs " like Michael Carneal , a bright , intellectually inclined kid , to find a social space that does n't depend on athletic prowess or a handsome face . If the reports of his childhood acquaintances prove to be correct , Adam Lanza may have been through a similar experience . Kids can be very cruel and they are not always courageous enough to own up to their culpability for ostracism , particularly since they do n't know -- and can not be held responsible -- for the extreme consequences of emotional damage they may be causing . In the end , though , there will be troubled boys and some of them will become killers . To the extent that we can capture the warning signals they send out to their peers , we can do our best to stop them in their tracks , even if we do not always succeed . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Katherine Newman : Bucolic country towns are locus for most school shootings in U.S. She says her research shows patterns in such shootings ; they are often planned far in advance She says attackers often hint at plans ; they long to fit in , gain peers ' attention acceptance Newman : We must provide settings for children to confide in adults
CNN  -- The London Taxi Company has been ferrying the city 's passengers around for more than 60 years , ensuring its brand is recognized the world over . But walk through London 's streets today and you will see this iconic company , which has some of the globe 's most knowledgeable cabbies , no longer has a monopoly on London 's market . According to David Bailey , of the Aston Business School , the competition "  was opened up some time ago . " Read more : Skyscanner brings a pinch of Silicon Valley to Scotland The London Taxi Company , Bailey said , has been "  losing market share to the likes of Mercedes , who can take a van and produce it in very big numbers , and get their cost down and convert some of them into taxis . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- much more difficult , then , for the London Taxi firm to compete with them ... they are producing in small volumes at higher cost . " Read more : Scottish pride restored by world porridge champion And this is where many of the taxi company 's problems lie . I had the opportunity to film at their Coventry factory last year and see the work they do first-hand . But a week after my visit , the company , then owned by Manganese Bronze , filed for administration after failing to have turned a profit since 2007 . To add their troubles , the company also discovered a safety defect in its new TX4 model , leading to the recall of 400 cars and a stop in further taxi sales . Read more : How saffron could save Greek farmers But a year is a long time in business and today , The London Taxi Company is back from the brink , after being bought by Chinese automotive giant Geely for Â # 11 million . While I am glad that production has resumed and their very skilled workers have their jobs back , I am apprehensive about the future of their UK factory . Read more : Christine Lagarde warns against ` complacent ' Europe The vice president of The London Taxi Company , Peter Johansen , told me their factory will produce 1,400 vehicles for the UK market -- that 's 12 vehicles a day . It 's hardly going to swell their coffers . To add to that , workers here wo n't exactly be putting their creativity to good use . As I found out , these vehicles will simply be assembled here with pieces that come from Shanghai . Read more : Is Greece finally on the mend after economic crisis ? The set-up begs the question : What 's the real reason for keeping a production base in the UK ? According to Bailey , "  this is about Geely buying The London Taxi Company to act as a distributor of Geely cars , which will be arriving fairly soon to the UK and European markets . So , it 's very much a case of the Chinese are coming , in quite a big way . " So for now , Geely is testing the ground in Europe ; preparing it for their arrival . Johansen tells me the company is gaining ground globally . "  They will move into Western Europe and other places eventually , but their focus is on the markets closer to home in China where they are made , " he said . Read more : Euro pioneer : Europe would have suffered without single currency "  I think when they have established those markets , and become established in those markets , I think you will see then start to manufacture outside China , " he said . In the meantime , they face a challenge : How to improve their taxis ? And how do they compete with the cheaper and lighter Eco City Vehicle which is customized by Mercedes-Benz ? Japan 's Nissan is also reported to be launching a taxi for the London market . But Johansen welcomes the challenge . "  Competition is always healthy , " he said . "  You have to be able to compete in your product and we produce the elite taxi that everybody will like to have , so I 'm not frightened by any competition . " That may work while there is cash available . But to secure a less bumpy future , they need to innovate . Being an icon may no longer be enough .	The London Taxi Company has been ferrying passengers around the city for 60 years But the famous company no longer has a monopoly on the streets It is facing competition from the likes of Mercedes and Nissan The company must innovate to ensure it does n't struggle , as it has in the past
Kamaishi , Japan  CNN  -- Ikuo Fujiwara stops in front of the wreckage of the Buddhist temple , brings his hands together and prays . The monk bursts into tears , an involuntary act , as he asks heaven what he can do to comfort his destroyed hometown and begin to rebuild his house of worship . Fujiwara needs heaven to speak to him , for he must preside over Kamaishi 's first mass burials in memory . Behind his temple , the sound of heavy machinery digging giant ditches for unmarked coffins echoes through the shattered remains of the 300-year-old building . "  We do n't have enough places to cremate the bodies , " says Fujiwara . "  So temporarily , we 're burying the bodies here . " The ditches sit within 50 meters of the Buddhist burial plots , where cremated remains lie underneath grey headstones . This is a sacred practice that every Japanese person expects at death , explains Fujiwara . A Japanese funeral is elaborate , formal , and ritualized in the Buddhist faith . So the wide ditches and the coffins , which will eventually lie in them side by side , are an unbearable insult in the minds of ordinary Japanese citizens . But ordinary expectations have been abandoned in Japan 's tsunami zone , where entire towns were decimated by a wall of water that struck in the wake of a magnitude-9 .0 earthquake March 11 . "  I feel very sad about this , " says Fujiwara , adding that the mass graves are only one component of the overwhelming pain felt throughout Kamaishi . "  My friends and my temple members , I do n't know yet how many of them I lost . And the town is destroyed . I 'm concerned if we can rebuild . " Fujiwara does n't look like the monk of this temple , wearing a fisherman 's boots and winter coat . The tsunami destroyed all of his robes . Like many of the tsunami victims mourning the dead , he ca n't dress in proper funeral attire . Fujiwara says he will still try to administer the most respectful service he can offer to the survivors who will line the ditches . But he knows in the minds of many of those families , it will never replace a proper Japanese Buddhist ceremony . However , city health leaders say they have no choice but to bury the dead in mass graves . Thousands of bodies pulled from the rubble have been stored in school gymnasiums-turned-morgues . About 17,000 people remain missing , so officials believe more bodies will be recovered . Even if they can be identified , the crematoriums on Japan 's northern coastline are either damaged from the tsunami or already full . A shortage of gas has meant bodies ca n't be taken to other parts of the country for cremation . Stressing the burials will be temporary , cities have begun the process of placing bodies in mass graves to prevent disease outbreak . Tadaharu Kinoshita , searching through Kamaishi 's morgues for his brother , says it hurts his heart to think of his kin lying in a mass grave . But there is a greater indignity , he says . "  My one hope is to find his body , " says Kinoshita . "  If he remains missing , we 'll never really know . Even if he 's in a mass grave , at least then , we 'll know . "	Buddhist funerals typically are highly ritualized The town of Kamaishi lacks the resources to cremate the dead The bodies must be buried in mass graves to prevent a disease outbreak Officials say the mass burials are temporary
CNN  -- The Episcopal Church has moved decisively closer to full acceptance of gay men and lesbians , taking steps toward recognizing same-sex marriage and gay bishops . Gene Robinson is the Episcopal Church 's first -- and so far only -- openly gay bishop . A key committee voted overwhelmingly Monday to start putting together blessings to be used in same-sex marriages , the church 's official newspaper reported . Separately , the House of Bishops voted by a wide margin to allow gays and lesbians to become bishops , Episcopal Life reported . Both measures must be approved by the church 's General Convention before taking effect , but expert Mark Silk said there is "  little reason " to think the changes will not "  sail through . " "  They basically decided to move forward on all fronts with regularizing the status of gays and lesbians within the church , " said Silk , director of the Leonard E. Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life at Trinity College in Connecticut . A leading campaigner for gay rights within the Episcopal Church welcomed the vote on bishops . "  There is no question that today 's vote in the House of Bishops was an historic move forward and a great day for all who support the full inclusion of all the baptized in the Body of Christ , " said Susan Russell , president of Integrity USA . The vote shows the Episcopal Church "  striving to actually become the church former Presiding Bishop Edmond Browning called us to be nearly 20 years ago now ... a church where there are no outcasts , " she said in a statement on the group 's Web site . The Episcopal Church created controversy in 2003 with its decision to ordain Gene Robinson , who is openly gay , as a bishop . The move raised the possibility of a split within the worldwide Anglican Church , the third-largest Christian denomination , with about 70 million members around the world . The Episcopal Church , the U.S. branch of the Anglican Church , has not ordained another openly gay bishop since Robinson . "  The decision has been to kind of chill out on a bunch of things , " Silk said . But Monday 's vote ends what had been , in effect , a moratorium , he said . It was the Episcopal Church saying that "  this was n't an anomaly when we elected Gene Robinson . We affirm that partnered gay people do have callings -LSB- to be clergy -RSB- , and we have to recognize them . " "  It is bringing the church 's position in line with the civil society 's , " Silk said . The head of the Church of England , Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , declined Tuesday through a spokesman to comment on Monday 's moves . But on Monday , he expressed "  regret " at the vote on gay and lesbian bishops , according to Episcopal Life . "  I regret the fact that the will to observe a moratorium is not the will of such a significant part of the church in North America , " the paper quoted him as saying . A number of Episcopal dioceses have broken with the official church structure over gay and lesbian issues , forming the breakaway Anglican Church in North America . They say the mainstream Episcopal Church and the aligned Anglican Church in Canada "  have increasingly accommodated and incorporated un-Biblical , un-Anglican practices and teaching . "	U.S. denomination takes steps to bless same-sex unions , accept gay clergy Changes must be approved by church 's General Convention Church sparked controversy in 2003 by ordaining a gay man as a bishop Archbishop of Canterbury expresses regret over decision on clergy
CNN  -- A week of critical diplomacy is set to begin in Washington , Beijing and Pyongyang . But the sides are so far apart , at least in public declarations , it is impossible to predict where any diplomatic efforts will lead . North Korea continues to hold fast to the position that its nuclear and ballistic missile programs are non-negotiable . Pyongyang 's official news agency says the North wants U.N. Security Council sanctions lifted . The sanctions were put in place after North Korea launched a three-stage rocket last December that put a satellite in orbit . More sanctions were added when the North conducted its third underground nuclear test in February . The U.S. and South Korea insist that a verifiable path to dismantling those programs must be on the table for any negotiating process to begin . South Koreans are increasingly saying they may need a nuclear deterrent to counter Pyongyang 's threats . China , of course , detests the possibility the U.S. would reintroduce strategic nuclear weapons there .  They were removed in 1991 .  Everyone is heaping pressure on China to rein in the North Koreans . Looking at the North 's rapidly growing nuclear threat , some South Koreans admit that after years of dismissing all the bombastic rhetoric from Pyongyang , real fears are emerging . "  It really is a game changer , " said Hahm Chaibong , president of the ASAN Institute for Policy Studies in Seoul . "  We really do n't know what to do with it because these are political weapons , these are psychological weapons . " North Korea outlines exacting terms for talks with U.S. , South Korea Wanted : Bold diplomatic moves  by the other guy Hahm says the six-party talks do n't evoke confidence anymore . In his view , what is needed is a bold , new strategy comparable to President Richard Nixon 's historic 1972 visit to Beijing credited with not only laying the groundwork for rapprochement with the U.S. , but opening up China to the world . North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is no Zhou Enlai . But Beijing may be hoping Washington will overlook that . "  The Chinese are very keen to just get back to any kind of talks , " Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt told CNN . The International Crisis Group 's Northeast Asia project director says more than one Chinese source has suggested a repeat of the Nixon-Zhou scenario . "  The Chinese regularly tell me , if  President  Obama would just pick up the phone and talk to Kim Jong Un , we could solve this whole thing ! " Do n't hold your breath . Obama is in lockstep with his regional allies vowing not to reward Pyongyang 's bad behavior . China is feeling more wanted than ever . The North Koreans have signaled their readiness to meet with anyone from Beijing . The U.S. , Japan and South Korea have repeatedly and publicly declared that China holds the key to reining in the North . While Beijing raised its hand in the vote in favor of sanctions on Pyongyang , many believe it is staying that hand when it comes to enforcing them . "  If China is not active and China is not fully committed , I do n't think this is an issue that can be resolved , " says professor Lee Jung-Hoon of Seoul 's Yonsei University . China has shown disdain for Kim 's recent outbursts . But Beijing 's No. 1 priority is keeping his regime from collapse and millions of hungry North Koreans on his side of the border . China is arguably sympathetic to young Kim 's predicament . That 's the reason , says Kleine-Albrandt and others , that China will not go as far as the U.S. and its partners in Asia would like . Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? Understanding Kim Jong Un 's predicament "  We think they 're blackmailing us right now , we think they want money from us , " said John Delury , a professor of Northeast Asian studies at Yonsei University in Seoul . "  What we fail to understand is their profound insecurity . " Delury recalled the six-party talks , when U.S. diplomats were trying to persuade the North Koreans to denuclearize . "  We said , look , you 'll be safe without your nuclear weapons , look at Libya ! " While almost no one inside North Korea has access to the real Internet , we can safely assume that Kim is the exception . We should also assume that the young leader has watched the grisly videos of Moammar Gadhafi being lynched by a mob of his own people . Kim may see his own face in that video . South Koreans are hardly sympathetic . "  There 's growing public sentiment , " says Lee Jung-Hoon , that "  we have to be very firm with this regime . It 's good to have dialogue and , yes , we want to talk with North Korea . But it 's a fading hope that somehow we could convince North Korea , through dialogue , to give up its nuclear weapons program . "  If that 's the case , what 's the point in engaging in dialogue ? Should n't we now be focusing on beefing up our security so our deterrence , especially nuclear deterrence , is firm so we will not be vulnerable to these threats ? " Diplomacy to deal with North Korea is gathering momentum . But the vast difference in the positions of all the parties raises doubts about the outcome . If it fails , many predict Pyongyang will immediately subscribe to another round of missile or nuclear tests and the familiar , and destabilizing , sequence will begin anew . War of words : Timeline of a crisis	North Korea says its nuclear and ballistic missile programs are non-negotiable The U.S. and South Korea say a way to dismantle those programs must be on the table South Koreans may want nuclear weapons of their own , an idea that rankles China China 's top priority is keeping Kim Jong Un 's regime from collapse
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. military personnel were involved in repelling a suicide bombing attack Sunday on an Iraqi military base in Baghdad , four days after the United States officially ended its combat operations in Iraq . U.S. forces "  provided suppressive fire " and helicopter support during the attack , said Lt. Col. Eric Bloom , a spokesman for the U.S. military in Baghdad . No U.S. soldiers were injured , Bloom said . At least 12 people were killed and 36 others were injured in Sunday 's attack , the Iraqi military command said . The interior ministry reported eight dead and 21 wounded.There was no immediate explanation for the discrepancy . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but a senior U.S. military official said American authorities believe al Qaeda in Iraq is responsible . The U.S. official said there were five attackers : the vehicle bomber , who detonated his explosive device ; two vest bombers who were killed by the Iraqi army as they tried to get through the checkpoint but did not detonate ; and two attackers , who got into a building next to the checkpoint inside the compound and detonated themselves before the Iraqi army could get to them . An Iraqi interior ministry official and the Baghdad Operations Command -- the Iraqi military command in the capital -- also said the attack was carried out by five suicide bombers . A CNN videographer was not allowed to videotape or get past the security perimeter at the scene , but reported that more than a dozen bodies were carried out more than four hours after the attack . The military base is the headquarters of the Rusafa Operations Command -- the Iraqi military command for the eastern part of Baghdad . Sunday 's target was the same military base used as an Iraqi army recruitment center and attacked by a suicide bomber August 17 . That bombing killed at least 48 people , most of whom were prospective recruits among hundreds lining up outside the center . The Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group for al Qaeda in Iraq , and other Sunni extremist groups claimed responsibility for that bombing . The group previously claimed responsibility for a similar attack in the heart of the capital on June 14 involving up to seven suicide bombers who struck the central bank . While U.S. and Iraqi government officials have voiced confidence in the ability of Iraqi security forces , recent attacks have raised concerns among the population about the fragile security situation . On August 28 , the Iraqi government announced there were plots by al Qaeda and other groups to carry out attacks across the country and called on security forces and citizens to be on high alert . The recent violence comes amid a political crisis that has gripped the country for months . After inconclusive national elections almost six months ago , politicians are still wrangling to try to form a government . In a separate attack Sunday , at least five people were wounded in a roadside bombing in eastern Baghdad , the interior ministry said .	Sunday 's attack comes days after the United States ended combat operations in Iraq The military says 12 were killed and 36 were injured in the attack on a Baghdad base The interior ministry reported 8 dead and 21 wounded The base is the site of an August attack that killed 48 people
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A porn actor , who was accused of killing a coworker with a sword , died after falling off a cliff Saturday when police used a stun gun to subdue him . Police said Stephen Clancy Hill attacked three coworkers with a samurai-style sword at the scene of a pornographic film shoot on Tuesday . One of the men later died . When police caught up with Hill on Saturday , he kept them at bay for eight hours atop a cliff in West Hills , said Officer Bruce Borihanh . To take Hill into custody , officers used their stun guns on him - at which point he fell , Borihanh said . Police said Hill jumped , but also added it was unclear what caused his death . On Tuesday night , West Valley police were called to a home on Hayvenhurst Avenue following reports of an assault with a deadly weapon . The home was being used to make pornographic films , but shoots had ended for the day . Authorities said Hill was at the house , socializing with some coworkers . Then , without provocation , Hill grabbed a sword -- typically used as a prop -- and attacked one of the men , police said . When two men tried to intervene , Hill attacked them too , police said . He then left the scene , and eluded police -- until they spotted him Saturday . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report	Porn actor falls to death after police use stun gun Stephen Clancy Hill was accused of killing a coworker with a samurai-style sword Attack was unprovoked , police said Hill died after eight-hour standoff
CNN  -- After two days of violence and looting that claimed the lives of at least 48 people , relative calm settled over Madagascar Wednesday . But the possibility of further violence loomed as anti-government protesters gathered in a central square , vowing future demonstrations . At least 48 people were killed during the riots that broke out in Madagascar . President Marc Ravalomanana and other senior government officials surveyed some of the damage Wednesday and vowed to restore order "  whatever the cost , " a government statement said . Ravalomanana ordered a member of his joint chiefs of staff to work with the protesters and opposition leader Andry Rajoelina to keep the calm . Meanwhile , Rajoelina -- mayor of the capital , Antananarivo -- addressed the protesters at a downtown rally Wednesday afternoon , calling for two days of general strikes and another mass demonstration Saturday . The strikes would prevent stores and schools from opening . On Tuesday the authorities tried to control protesters who set fire to the state-run media complex the day before . Ravalomanana said he initially held off on ordering troops to fight off looters , saying he wanted to avoid more casualties . "  It is better that equipment be destroyed rather than human lives , " he said in the statement , adding that looters would not be prosecuted because he "  understands the Malagasy people are poor and hungry . " A spokesman for Joseph Ravohanjy Hospital said 48 people were killed and more than 100 wounded in the violence since Monday . By Wednesday , a relative calm had fallen over the area and Rajoelina 's rally at the square was peaceful , a Western observer told CNN . The violence began when protesters stormed the government 's radio and television station in Antananarivo , Monday morning in response to Ravalomanana shutting down Rajoelina 's radio station hours earlier . Ravalomanana 's move came just weeks after closing Rajoelina 's television station last month after the airing of an interview with ousted ex-President Didier Ratsiraka . Viva Radio was back on the air Tuesday as the protesters broadened their focus from restoring freedom of speech to targeting businesses owned by Ravalomanana , including food distribution centers , according to an American community worker in Antananarivo . By Tuesday afternoon , some of the protesters had broken from the group , looting private electronic shops and grocery stores that sat alongside the Ravalomanana-owned buildings , Christi Turner said . "  Today and yesterday , it 's been a collective disappointment and shock and sadness for me and my friends and other aid workers , " Turner told CNN on Tuesday night . "  People have lost their heads in the mob mentality . " She added that the government "  is not taking the most effective steps controlling the situation , " noting that military and police did n't publicly address the looters until Tuesday . Reports of injuries and deaths from resulting fires could not be immediately confirmed . Rodney Ford , public affairs officer for the U.S. Embassy in Antananarivo , said the United States is calling for calm and pushing for dialogue between the president and the mayor . Both sides have offered to negotiate , which a group of ambassadors is working toward . "  We are worried about the loss of life , " Ford said . "  The Malagasy people need to work this out , it 's not an issue outsiders can fix . The U.S. Embassy is calling for calm and restraint . We are working to mediate within both parties . "	NEW : At least 48 people die in the violence in Madagascar , official says After two days of violence and looting , relative calms settles over country Further violence looms as anti-government protesters gather United States is calling for calm and pushing for dialogue between sides
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The flamboyant Hong Kong tycoon who offered millions of dollars to any man who could win the heart of his lesbian daughter says the proposal is now off the table . But he 's still refusing to welcome her long-term female partner into his family . Cecil Chao , a wealthy real estate developer , made headlines around the world in 2012 when he offered 500 million Hong Kong dollars  roughly $ 65 million  to any man who succeeded in marrying his daughter . Recent reports that he was willing to double the offer put his family back in the headlines . Gigi Chao , 34 , responded by writing him an open letter , published in local newspapers this week , asking him to come to terms with her sexuality . In the letter , she told him that she was happy in her relationship and urged him to treat her partner , Sean Eav , as "  a normal , dignified human being . " "  If Gigi 's said that this is what she chooses , then it 's all over , " Cecil Chao said Thursday an interview with CNN 's Monita Rajpal . He said the huge sum he had offered to potential suitors "  stays in my pocket . " Daughter asks him to accept who she is Refusal to welcome partner But the 77-year-old tycoon , who has three children but has never married , is unable to embrace his daughter 's love life . "  I ca n't say I am happy with her choice , " he said . "  If this is her choice then it 's for her . " And he said he would n't be welcoming Eav , 46 , into his family , despite his daughter 's plea . "  I have no intention of mixing my life with her life , " Cecil Chao said . "  But if this is what she wants , then I respect her choice . " His comments follow Gigi Chao 's poignant letter , explaining the situation to him . "  As your daughter , I would want nothing more than to make you happy , " she writes . "  But in terms of relationships , your expectations of me and the reality of who I am , are not coherent . " ` Her private life is hers ' Cecil Chao originally proposed the multimillion dollar dowry in 2012 after it emerged that his daughter and Eav had their relationship blessed in a church ceremony in Paris . He said Thursday that his daughter had never told him in person that she was a lesbian . "  I saw it in the paper , " he told CNN 's Rajpal , even though they work together at his company . "  We see each other every day , " he said . "  We have many occasions to be together , but her private life is hers . " The successful businessman earned a reputation in Hong Kong for appearing on the pages of local newspapers and magazines in the arms of beautiful women . He once reportedly bragged of having had 10,000 girlfriends . Men are ` just not for me ' In her letter , Gigi Chao tells her father that she "  will always forgive you for thinking the way you do , because I know you think you are acting in my best interests . " And she says she takes responsibility for some of her father 's misplaced expectations . When he first announced the colossal dowry in 2012 , she said at the time she found it "  quite entertaining . " But this week she appeared to set the record straight . "  I 'm sorry to mislead you to think I was only in a lesbian relationship because there was a shortage of good , suitable men in Hong Kong , " she writes . "  There are plenty of good men , they are just not for me . " Decision not final Cecil Chao said Thursday that he offered the money any man who could wed his daughter because he wanted "  to provide the best choice for Gigi " for her future life . She says in her letter that she felt "  an indescribable discomfort " in the presence of boyfriends she had in the past . But with 46-year-old Eav , she says she is "  comfortable and satisfied with my life and completely at ease with her . " In the interview Thursday , Cecil Chao repeatedly said that the big financial offer to any man who could win his daughter 's hand in marriage was finished . "  I hope you or the other press are not going to talk about it anymore , " he told Rajpal . But he also suggested that he was n't letting go of the idea entirely , saying that the offer was over "  for the time being . " When asked what he meant by that , he said , "  Until she changes her mind . " CNN 's Michala Sabnani and journalist Alisha Haridasani contributed to this report .	Cecil Chao says the money he offered "  stays in my pocket " In 2012 , he offered a huge dowry to any man who married her She urged him this week to treat her longtime female partner as a normal "  human being " But he says he has "  no intention of mixing my life with her life "
CNN  Yes , it 's winter . And yes , it 's cold . But this is different . Just ask Richard Thomas , owner of R. Thomas Deluxe Grill in Atlanta . He keeps a dozen birds outside the restaurant and never , in his 30 years , has he had to move them inside . But that 's exactly what he scrambled to do Sunday . "  The weather prediction made me nervous , " said Thomas , 80 . "  Rather than risk danger to any of my buddies , so to speak , I just decided to make that decision . " As many as 140 million Americans are bracing this week for a polar blast that 's barreling across the country , dumping snow in some places and shattering records . Much of the United States will see the coldest temperatures in almost 20 years , according to the National Weather Service . They are expected to be 30 to 50 degrees below average in some cities . To put things in perspective , the weather in Atlanta and Nashville , Tennessee , on Monday will be colder than in Anchorage , Alaska . By Wednesday , nearly half the nation will shudder in temperatures of zero or lower , forecasters said . The unusual weather is already causing headaches , especially for travelers . Close to 3,000 flights were canceled Sunday , said the flight-tracking website flightaware.com , which tracks cancellations due to weather , mechanical and other problems . A man at Logan International Airport in Boston told CNN affiliate WCVB that he will miss two days of a cruise because he ca n't get to Florida as planned to meet the boat . Another passenger at Logan was overcome with emotion as she spoke , her voice cracking under the stress . "  I just want to go home . I just want to get back , settled in . We 've been cooped up for two days , " WCVB reported Amy Roy said . Here 's a look at what 's happening around the country : Midwestern snow and one freakishly cold game Snow was falling across the Midwest . In Brownsburg , Indiana , more than 4 inches had fallen during the morning , said iReporter Bill Byrd . "  Most people are staying in their homes , and church services are canceled , " he told CNN . iReport : Watch heavy snow create a beautiful scene in Indiana Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard told residents to stay off the streets , especially after nightfall . "  It 's not just a snow event , it 's a cold event , and that 's what scares us , " he said . Parents should keep an eye on their kids who might be out sledding into the evening hours -- there is no school Monday -- and check to make sure they do n't get frostbite . In Wisconsin , a sold-out crowd more than 70,000 hardcore Green Bay Packers endured temperatures between 4 and 8 degrees . With the wind , the air could have felt as cold as minus 15 degrees . "  You can prepare for it , but you ca n't really prepare for it . We 've been doing this our whole life up here . It 's what Green Bay is all about -- it 's cold weather and hard-hitting football , " said Jason Gibbs . The Packers offered free hand warmers , hot chocolate and coffee at the afternoon game , spokesman Aaron Popkey said . Green Bay lost 23-20 to the San Francisco 49ers . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Packers fans could suffer hypothermia or frostbite In Embarrass , Minnesota , residents wondered whether they might see their record-cold temperature of 64 below zero , set in 1996 , snap like an icicle . "  I 've got a thermometer from the weather service that goes to 100 below , " resident Roland Fowler told CNN affiliate KQDS . "  If it gets that cold , I do n't want to be here . " Because of conditions in the Windy City , officials said Chicago Public Schools will be closed Monday . The city had 12 centers for residents to seek warmth , one of which was to stay open all night through Tuesday . Libraries and some other city facilities would also be open , said Evelyn Diaz , the city 's commissioner of the Department of Family and Support Services . Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said 100 warming centers were open statewide . In St. Louis , authorities used an alert system to call people who might need assistance . More than 80 did n't answer , Mayor Francis Slay said , so police were going to check on them . Slay also said that the city would close on Monday except for emergency personnel . "  We expect this to be a three-day event , " he said , adding that 80 snowplows would be used to keep primary roads passable . The Deep South The arctic blast threatens to sweep subzero lows as far south as Alabama and plunge much of the Deep South into the single digits . Freezing rain is also possible along the Appalachians all the way up to New England over the next couple of days , the National Weather Service said . Deadly conditions The low temperatures and wind chill are a dangerous recipe for rapid frostbite or hypothermia . "  Exposed flesh can freeze in as little as five minutes with wind chills colder than 50 below , " the National Weather Service 's Twin Cities office in Minnesota said . Over the past week , at least 13 people have died from weather-related conditions . Eleven people died in road accidents -- including one man crushed as he was moving street salt with a forklift . One man in Wisconsin died of hypothermia . And an elderly woman with Alzheimer 's disease in New York state wandered away from her home and was found dead in the snow in a wooded area about 100 yards away . Travel nightmares John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York closed briefly after an incident involving a regional jet , Delta Flight 4100 from Toronto . Port Authority spokesman Ron Marsico said the plane , carrying 32 passengers , skidded into a snow bank while turning onto a taxiway after landing safely . No injuries were reported . The aircraft was towed to the gate , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Flight operations were suspended for about two hours . The FAA reported lengthy delays at several large airports including Detroit Metro Airport , Philadelphia International , and LaGuardia in New York . As snow fell in Missouri , Interstate 44 in Webster County was closed because of an accident involving multiple tractor-trailers , according to the state 's Department of Transportation website . The highway was also closed in Greene County when a semi crashed as it headed west . The bad weather was headed east . Cities like Cincinnati ; Lexington , Kentucky ; Louisville , Kentucky ; and Memphis saw temperatures crash Sunday , and precipitation could lead to dangerous , icy driving conditions . Roads will worsen Sunday night in Atlanta ; Birmingham , Alabama ; and Knoxville , Tennessee , forecasters said . 8 tips to ease winter travel woes This , too , shall pass If there 's any good news about the biting cold snap , it 's that much of it should be over for the Midwest by Wednesday , the National Weather Service said . In the meantime , those in the western part of the country can skip all the fuss . Most of the West can expect relatively pleasant weather through Monday . CNN 's Dana Ford , George Howell , Todd Borek , AnneClaire Stapleton , Julia Lull , Jareen Imam and Erica Fink contributed to this report .	The unusual weather is causing travel headaches It 's expected to shatter temperature records Chicago Public Schools will be closed Monday At least 13 deaths have been linked to the weather
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama says he does n't consider North Korea 's hack of Sony Pictures "  an act of war . " "  It was an act of cybervandalism , " Obama said in an interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley that aired Sunday on "  State of the Union . " Obama said that the United States is going review whether to put North Korea back on a list of states that sponsor terrorism . "  We 've got very clear criteria as to what it means for a state to sponsor terrorism . And we do n't make those judgments just based on the news of the day , " he said . "  We look systematically at what 's been done and based on those facts , we 'll make those determinations in the future . " The President stuck by his criticism of Sony 's decision to cancel its plans to release the movie "  The Interview , " which includes a cartoonish depiction of the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , after the country threatened attacks against theaters that showed it . Obama said in a Friday news conference that Sony made "  a mistake , " and that he wished the company had called him first . That led Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton to tell CNN that Obama and the public "  are mistaken as to what actually happened . " He blamed movie theater companies that opted not to show the film , saying they forced Sony 's hand . Related : Sony exec fires back at Obama Investigators : Hackers stole Sony passwords Obama shot back , saying : "  I was pretty sympathetic to the fact that they have business considerations that they got to make . Had they talked to me directly about this decision , I might have called the movie theater chains and distributors and asked them what the story was . " The President told Crowley that his problem was n't with Sony specifically , but with the precedent the company 's decision set . The FBI on Friday pinned blame on North Korea for a hack into Sony 's computer systems . Obama said both foreign governments and hackers outside government present cyberthreats that are part of the modern business landscape . "  If we set a precedent in which a dictator in another country can disrupt through cyber , a company 's distribution chain or its products , and as a consequence we start censoring ourselves , that 's a problem , " Obama said . "  And it 's a problem not just for the entertainment industry , it 's a problem for the news industry , " he said . "  CNN has done critical stories about North Korea . What happens if in fact there is a breach in CNN 's cyberspace ? Are we going to suddenly say , are we not going to report on North Korea ? "  So the key here is not to suggest that Sony was a bad actor . It 's making a broader point that all of us have to adapt to the possibility of cyberattacks , we have to do a lot more to guard against them . " Lynton , speaking to CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , said he was "  disappointed " in what Obama said Friday . "  We have not given in . And we have not backed down . We have always had every desire to have the American public see this movie , " Lynton said . But that 's not what the company initially said after canceling the film 's release . On Wednesday night , a studio spokesperson said simply , "  Sony Pictures has no further release plans for the film . " The nonprofit Human Rights Foundation is pushing a campaign called #HackThemBack , inviting "  those who support freedom and democracy " to "  help North Korean defectors amplify , refine , and intensify efforts to break the monopoly of information " that the regime imposes on its people . The group also plans to buy copies of "  The Interview " and include them in balloon drops over North Korea , founder Thor Halvorssen said . More from Candy Crowley 's interview with President Obama : Obama to do "  everything I can " to close Guantanamo Related : Obama says he 's not being "  rolled " by Putin CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report . Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET . For the latest from State of the Union click here .	Obama says U.S. will review whether to put North Korea back on sponsors of terrorism list He stands by his criticism of Sony 's decision to cancel film 's release Sony executive said he was "  disappointed " in Obama 's Friday comments Human Rights Foundation plans to drop copies of "  The Interview " over North Korea
New Delhi  CNN  Thankfully , no one was wounded after crude bombs were hurled at a Tamil news station in India on Thursday . But the loud explosions injured a vital part of the world 's largest democracy : free speech . Last week , when India 's government and a British documentarian faced off over a film featuring a man imprisoned for a 2012 gang rape in South Delhi , a little-known channel hundreds of miles away in southern India was waging its own battle . Hardline Hindu groups were angry with broadcaster Puthiya Thalaimurai for filming a show about the relevance of a traditional necklace -- called mangalsutra in Hindi and thaali in Tamil -- worn by married Indian women . For them , the contents , as shown in the promos , were offensive to Hindu culture . The station planned to release the program Sunday , International Women 's Day . But it canceled the telecast after demonstrations took place outside its office . Protesters allegedly attacked one of its cameramen . Four days later , the channel came under fire again , when four men on two motorbikes threw bombs into its compound in a predawn attack , authorities say . Six people involved in the bombing have been arrested , said S. George , the commissioner of the southern Indian city of Chennai . Their leader turned himself in separately , claiming responsibility for the attack , police said . "  The show wanted to give women a platform . We welcome all opinions and thoughts . But you can not strangle freedom of free expression by violent means and threats , " said Shyam Kumar , the CEO of New Generation Media Corp. , which runs Puthiya Thalaimurai . "  We condemn the attack in the strongest possible terms , " he told CNN . ` India 's Daughter , ' the film banned by India : What did it show ? But India is no stranger to censorship imposed legally or forced by rowdy protesters . The country 's constitution guarantees freedom of expression , but not without restrictions . Communities or people claiming their religious sentiments were hurt by anyone else 's opinion can file a lawsuit . Authorities can seek restraining orders from local courts -- as they did to ban the recent BBC documentary "  India 's Daughter " -- by citing potential disorder . Earlier last year , Penguin India withdrew "  The Hindus : An Alternative History , " a book by American academic Wendy Doniger , after a local advocacy group accused the writer of denigrating Hinduism . In December , a Bollywood movie , "  PK , " came under attack over similar accusations when mobs tore apart its posters in parts of India . A satire on religious rituals , "  PK " became a roaring success by being one of the country 's highest-grossing movies . But India , home to one of the world 's largest film industries , has blocked several movies from screening . At least two films were not allowed last year . One of them featured the lives of the Sikh assassins of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , and the other centered on the violence in Sri Lanka in the closing months of its civil war . Hounded by protests over his novel , Perumal Murugan , a Tamil author , announced quitting writing in a dramatic post on Facebook in January . "  Perumal Murugan , the writer is dead . As he is no God , he is not going to resurrect himself . He has no faith in rebirth . As an ordinary teacher , he will live as P Murugan . Leave him alone , " he said on Facebook two months ago . Religious and caste-based organizations had slammed his novel "  Madhorubhagan , " which depicted a childless wife taking part in an ancient festival allowing consensual sex between strangers . Just last week , India blocked the BBC from airing "  India 's Daughter " because it included comments from one of the men convicted of raping a young student in a moving bus in New Delhi in 2012 . The reason : The inmate 's views could create unrest . "  There 's a growing intolerance towards different shades of opinion . It 's a medieval mindset . What India needs is a concerted effort to move beyond it and embrace free expression in totality , " said Kumar , the New Generation Media chief executive .	Indian broadcaster Puthiya Thalaimurai drew protests for a show about traditional necklaces worn by married women This comes after India banned a film featuring a man imprisoned for a gang rape in South Delhi "  There 's a growing intolerance towards different shades of opinion , " a broadcasting company CEO says
CNN  -- The terror group ISIS  Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  which has shortened its name to "  Islamic State " or "  IS " , led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , its self-proclaimed caliph , has hit a new low . Having spread across huge swathes of Iraq and Syria , leaving absolute devastation in its wake , its latest offensive has brought it to Sinjar , a city in the north western region of Nineveh in Iraq and home to at least 200,000 of the world 's 700,000 members of the Yazidi faith ISIS has always worn its love for sectarianism on its sleeve , and its vicious hatred for Yazidis has been no mystery . Repeatedly , disturbing videos have been circulated on social media depicting Yazidis held in tiny cells being cruelly taunted by ISIS prison guards . On top of this , "  IS " propagandists have continuously warned of their intention to execute or enslave the adherents of this ancient Zoroastrian-linked religion , whom they view as "  devil worshippers " on account of their revering a fallen angel . Therefore , it should come as no surprise that , when it seemed that ISIS were about to sweep into Sinjar last week , thousands upon thousands of Yazidis fled from their homes . Tragically , alongside the local Yazidis that fled were others who had taken refuge in Sinjar the month before , when ISIS captured Tal Afar , a neighboring city . Everyone 's fears proved to be rightly placed , with ISIS fiercely battling and soon routing the Kurdish Peshmerga , leaving them in control of Sinjar and many of its surroundings . While most fled to refugee camps in semi-autonomous Iraqi Kurdistan , some 30,000 families ended up on Mount Sinjar , where they are now stranded , surrounded by jihadists . They are forced to sleep in caves , faced with temperatures of over 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  and have no food or water , let alone arms to defend themselves with . Initially , they could contact the outside world using mobile phones . Now , though , most of these have run out of battery and there is no telling how critical the situation has become . What is for certain is that their prospects for escape are minimal . This is yet another instance of the appalling brutality of "  IS " , a group that has consistently abused the most basic human rights of the people it has forced itself upon . Over the last two months , it has committed countless mass summary executions of Shiite soldiers and tortured and shot hundreds of Sunni tribespeople who resisted its rule before taking to social media to boast about their actions . Likewise , it recently gave the entire Christian population of Mosul a choice -- either they leave their homes and livelihoods , or they pay a tax to IS on the basis of their religion . Those who refused to do either faced death . The list of human rights offenses goes on . These jihadists are making a mockery of international law . It is becoming increasingly clear that they will not stop committing these criminal acts unless they are forced to stop . Unfortunately , the prospects for this are becoming more remote by the day , as ISIS fighters continue from strength to strength , capturing most of north-west Syria 's largest military facilities and repelling all counter attacks by the Iraqi Armed Forces  IAF  . We , the international community , must not turn a blind eye to what 's happening in on Mount Sinjar like we did in the wake of the expulsion of Mosuli Christians or the mass executions of Shiite soldiers . What 's transpiring now is a new Kosovo , an ethno-religious cleansing on a huge scale . That it is taking place at the hands of a jihadist group too extreme for al Qaeda , a group that has repeatedly shown that it has internationalist ambitions , is all the more worrying . It is ludicrous that no one has acted against it already when it is clear that neither the IAF nor the Peshmerga is capable of shutting it down alone . ISIS has acted with impunity in the region for far too long . It has been allowed to take control of an area larger than the United Kingdom , commandeer hundreds of thousands of dollars of U.S.-made weaponry and subjugate nearly 6 million people . The international community needs to step up to this most troubling challenge . It must provide substantial and coordinated humanitarian assistance to all refugees and internally displaced people -- of any faith or ethnicity -- in the region . Furthermore , diplomatic pressure must be exerted on Turkey , the only military power in the region that stands a chance of crushing this false caliphate . Ankara must be ready to bury its differences with the Kurds and extend all the assistance it can to them on a human rights basis , even if this means military support . Lastly , it is imperative that states across the world reaffirm their absolute commitment to article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , which establishes the right to free thought , conscience and belief . If we do not stand by our principles , who will ? It is not enough to just condemn something with rhetoric ; the world must react robustly and directly to these reprehensible developments . The views expressed in this commentary are solely Maajid Nawaz 's .	ISIS has taken control of Sinjar in Iraq , home to members of the Yazidi religious minority Thousands fled from their homes , with some 30,000 families now stranded Maajid Nawaz says ISIS ' hatred of the Yazidis is clear and a "  new Kosovo " is transpiring He says rhetoric is not enough and the international community must take action to halt ISIS
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's central bank is introducing a $ 500 million note -- the highest current denomination -- as the once-prosperous southern African nation battles against spiraling hyperinflation . Zimbabwe 's new $ 500 million note Finance Minister Samuel Mumbengegwi made the announcement about the new note in a government gazette set for release Friday . On the back , the purple cotton bill will feature pictures of dairy cows being milked mechanically and a miner drilling underground , he said . The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe  RBZ  last week introduced a new set of denominations , including a $ 100 million note , but that has not helped to clear long lines for cash at banks . Some people sleep outside banks after failing to get cash . The RBZ said a $ 200 million note would be in circulation Friday , together with the $ 500 million note . The $ 500 million note is worth about 8 U.S. dollars and enough to buy just eight loaves of bread . Thursday , the greenback was trading around ZW$ 60 million and is expected to shoot up in light of the new note 's introduction . Prices change on an almost daily basis as businesses now peg their prices against the U.S. dollar . Zimbabwe has had higher denominations than the $ 500 million note in the past . But over the past two years , the country has slashed zeros from the amount of its worthless currency -- the latest being 10 zeros in August . Once one of Africa 's most promising economies , Zimbabwe is reeling under its worst humanitarian and economic crisis . A cholera outbreak has killed nearly 800 Zimbabweans , forcing hundreds to cross the border into South Africa and Botswana to seek treatment . The situation has been exacerbated by the closure of government hospitals for more than a month as health personnel demand the government review their salaries and equip the hospitals with medicines and modern machinery . In addition , 5 million people are in need of food aid , the United Nations says , in a nation that once exported food to its neighbors . There has been a spate of protests -- including two by soldiers -- over the past four weeks as people voice their displeasure over President Robert Mugabe 's policies . Shortages of most essentials such as electricity , fuel , medical drugs and food have become a common feature in Zimbabwe . That has forced many people to flee the country .	Zimbabwe 's central bank introduces $ 500 million note High denomination notes introduced this month failed to clear bank queues $ 500 million note worth about 8 U.S. dollars , enough to buy 8 loaves of bread Once-prosperous Zimbabwe is reeling under humanitarian and economic crisis
CNN  -- The arrest of drug kingpin Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman is a monumental moment in the world 's war on drugs . That he was hiding in plain sight -- in a beach resort hotel in the Mexican Riviera town of Mazatlan -- is as dramatic a twist in the manhunt for Guzman as is the narrative behind his life and his control of the international Sinaloa drug cartel . Guzman captured after years on the run Here are three reasons why the arrest of Guzman -- now being held by Mexican authorities and sought for extradition by U.S. authorities -- matters so much . 1 . His legend Chicago declared him and his use of the city as a drug-dealing hub as Public Enemy No. 1 , joining bygone gangster Al Capone in that distinction . West Point 's Combating Terrorism Center devoted a report to the international presence of Guzman and his drug trafficking . Perhaps most importantly , El Chapo is synonymous with narco culture and its lurid glorification . Guzman , 56 , is the drug kingpin extraordinaire . El Chapo , which means "  Shorty " in Spanish , inspires American rap songs and a genre of Mexican ballads called narcocorridos . "  All I wan na be is El Chapo , Three billion dollars in pesos " is part of the chorus to a 2012 rap by Gucci Mane . Maybe the most potent message of El Chapo 's arrest is how it undermines his most audacious myth -- that he could never be caught again , unfindable in Mexico 's back country . Guzman had been caught once before by Mexican authorities , in 2001 , but he escaped from a high-security Mexican prison . Lore holds that he slipped out of the prison by hiding in a laundry basket . "  He kind of plays up to it . All these guys do , " Scott Stewart , vice president at Stratfor , a global intelligence firm , said about the El Chapo legends . "  It just kind of adds to the whole mythology -- kind of like the old pulp Western books they used to write about these outlaws . " Guzman had eluded authorities since the 2001 prison break because he cultivated an old-school mafia style of bribing officials at every level of government throughout Latin America , officials said . 2 . One of the world 's most wanted Guzman 's drug operation is believed to have penetrated not just all of the Americas , but Europe , Australia and west Africa as well , according to the West Point report . "  The United States remains the most important demand market for Sinaloa Federation productsâ $ " marijuana , cocaine , and methamphetamines . The European Union and Australia , however , have proven attractive due to the economics of price elasticity and their distance from the supply source , " according to the report . But authorities have been mounting pressure on Guzman 's Sinaloa cartel in recent months . His lieutenants have been killed or captured by Mexican authorities . Earlier police operations yielded a trove of intelligence , including cell phone and other data , a U.S. law enforcement official said . That helped Mexican authorities and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents hunting Guzman gain confidence in recent weeks that they could arrest him . "  Although it 's a ridiculous phrase , the world 's most wanted drug lord is accurate , " said Malcom Beith , author of "  The Last Narco , " which is about Mexico 's drug war . "  There 's tons of other drug lords around , but I think the Sinaloa cartel , given its growth , given its influence hemispheric and otherwise , I think that puts him on the top . " Phil Jordan , who spent three decades with the DEA and headed the agency 's El Paso Intelligence Center , also characterized Guzman in superlatives . "  When you arrest the most powerful man in the Americas and in Mexico , if you talk to any cartel member , they 'll say that he 's more powerful than Mexican President Pena Nieto , " Jordan said . "  This would be a significant blow to the overall operations not only in the Americas , but Chapo Guzman had expanded to Europe . He was all over the place . " Even Forbes magazine put Guzman among its World 's Most Powerful People since 2009 . Forbes estimated his fortune at more than $ 1 billion . 3 . U.S. indictments Guzman 's arrest has re-energized Mexican and U.S. lawmen who spent years tracking his cartel and yet unable to capture him -- until now . The United States does n't want to see Guzman escape again . That 's why they are eager to see him extradited to the United States as soon as possible , where he is named in multiple federal drug indictments and has been on the DEA 's most-wanted list . "  It is a significant arrest , provided he gets extradited immediately to the United States , " Jordan told CNN . "  If he does not get extradited , then he will be allowed to escape within a period of time . " Added one U.S. official : "  Now comes the hard part . " That official was referring to Guzman 's extradition to the United States . The legend of ` El Chapo '	Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman ran Mexico 's notorious Sinaloa drug cartel His arrest pierces legendary status as elusive , above the law Drug dealing in Australia , Europe , Africa made him one of the world 's most wanted U.S. officials seek extradition
Sendai , Japan  CNN  -- In a nation already besieged with grief over mounting casualties , fears of possible radiation and the threat of more earthquakes , the nightmare grew for Japanese residents Monday as thousands of bodies reportedly surfaced and a government official confirmed another explosion at a nuclear reactor building . The official death toll from the epic quake and devastating tsunami that hit Japan four days ago reached 1,720 on Monday . But the numbers did not take into account the 2,000 bodies that Japan 's Kyodo news agency said had been found in the hard-hit Miyagi Prefecture on Japan 's northeast coast . Meanwhile , fresh white smoke rose again Monday from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , caused by an explosion at a building tied to the facility 's No. 3 reactor . A similar explosion occurred two days earlier at the plant 's No. 1 reactor building . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Monday that the head of the nuclear plant reported the container vessel surrounding the No. 3 reactor remained intact . Yukio said in a news conference that there is little possibility that radioactive material was released into the air , NHK said . The explosion was likely caused by a combination of oxygen and hydrogen igniting , according to Japanese public broadcaster NHK . "  We are now collecting information on the concentration of radiation , " Edano said . The quake and tsunami disabled the coolant systems at Fukushima Daiichi , which is about 260 km  160 miles  north of Tokyo . Japanese authorities have said there is a "  possibility " that a meltdown has occurred in the damaged reactors , but said that there were no indications of dangerously high radiation levels in the atmosphere . Still , the government has evacuated more than 200,000 residents from homes close to the plant and tested 160 people for radiation exposure on Sunday , authorities said . Workers flooded two of the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in a last-ditch attempt to head off a catastrophic meltdown of the reactor cores . In Miyagi Prefecture , rescue workers sifted through mountains of debris as hope for survivors appeared to dim . The town of Minami Sanriku -- about 5 kilometers from the Pacific Ocean -- morphed into a massive pile of wood that used to house some 20,000 residents . An eerie silence fell across town as emergency rescue officials said they do n't think anyone was still alive under the rubble . About half of Minami Sanriku 's population was unaccounted for . So far , about 15,000 people have been rescued , the Kyodo News Agency reported Monday , citing Kan. . Japanese troops went door-to-door in the city of Ishinomaki , hoping to find survivors -- but found mostly the bodies of elderly residents . In the area of Sendai , where houses and buildings disintegrated into rushing water within seconds , solemn reisdents waited in lines that stretches blocks ore kilometers for food , water and gas . Despite the devastation surrounding them , the crowds appeared calm and orderly . But more destruction could still come . There 's a high chance of a magnitude-7 .0 quake or above in the next three days because of increased tectonic activity , the earthquake prediction department chief for the Japan Meteorological Agency said Sunday . The U.S. Geological Survey reported scores of such aftershocks . More than two dozen were greater than magnitude 6 , the size of the quake that severely damaged Christchurch , New Zealand last month , the agency said . On Sunday , the country 's prime minister called on people to pull together and face sacrifices . "  In the 65 years after the end of World War II , this is the toughest and the most difficult crisis for Japan , " Prime Minister Naoto Kan told reporters at a televised news conference . "  We Japanese had a lot of difficulties in the past , but we were able to overcome those difficulties to reach this peaceful and prosperous society we have been able to build , " Kan said . "  So with regard to the earthquake and tsunami , I am confident that the Japanese people can be united to work together . " The cooperation Kan called for will include accepting rolling blackouts in some areas to preserve electricity as emergency workers try to repair power plants damaged by the quake . About 2.5 million households , just over 4 % of the total in Japan , were without electricity Sunday , said Ichiro Fujisaki , the nation 's U.S. ambassador . Landmarks such as Tokyo Tower and the capital 's Rainbow Bridge went dark in an effort to conserve energy . Japanese officials raised the quake 's magnitude to 9.0 on Sunday , but the USGS kept its magnitude at 8.9 . At least 48 other countries and the European Union have offered relief . The nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan arrived off Japan 's coast Sunday to support Japanese forces in disaster relief operations , the U.S. Department of Defense said in a statement . Friday 's quake is the strongest in recorded history to hit Japan , according to USGS records that date to 1900 . The world 's largest recorded quake took place in Chile on May 22 , 1960 , with a magnitude of 9.5 , the agency said . CNN 's Gary Tuchman , Anna Coren , Kyung Lah , Paula Hancocks , Brian Walker , Kevin Voigt and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Official : There is little possibility that radioactive material was released in the air About 2,000 bodies were found Monday in Miyagi prefecture The death toll reached 1,720 on Monday , though the number is expected to rise There 's a high chance of a magnitude-7 .0 quake or above in the coming days , an expert says
CNN  -- Taliban official Hakeemullah Mehsud has been selected the new head of the Pakistani Taliban , a local Taliban commander in Pakistan 's federally administered tribal areas told CNN Saturday . Baitullah Mehsud , right , former leader of the Pakistani Taliban , and a bodyguard in Pakistan , in 2004 . Mehsud was selected Friday by a 42-member Taliban council , or shura , according to Taliban commander Qari Haris . Another Taliban official -- Maulvi Faqir Mohammad -- had been tapped as Mehsud 's deputy , Haris said . Mohammad had named himself acting head of the Pakistani Taliban on Wednesday . A third official -- Hazem Tariq -- was named the group 's new spokesman , Haris added . The announced selection underscored the contention by Pakistani and U.S. officials that the group 's former leader , Baitullah Mehsud , was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan . Both Mohammad and Haris claim Mehsud is alive but ill . Pakistani officials announced Tuesday that two top figures in the Pakistani Taliban had been arrested . Saif Ullah is believed to have been Baitullah Mehsud 's right-hand man , and Maulvi Umar is the well-known spokesman for the militant group . Umar recently declared that Mehsud had not been killed in a drone strike on his father-in-law 's house , but a senior Pakistani official said that Umar had admitted under questioning that Mehsud was dead . The top U.S. envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , told CNN that the Pakistani Taliban had not confirmed Mehsud 's death because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor . Journalists Janullah Hamizshada and Nazar ur Islam contributed to this report .	Taliban official Hakeemullah Mehsud was selected Friday by 42-member panel Taliban officials say former leader Baitullah Mehsud is alive but ill Taliban official Maulvi Faqir Mohammad tapped as new leader 's deputy
CNN  -- Overriding a veto by Arkansas ' Democratic governor , the state 's Republican-controlled House and Senate approved a bill to ban abortions after 12 weeks of pregnancy , the most restrictive such law in the country . Gov. Mike Beebe , a Democrat , vetoed the bill Monday , saying it "  blatantly contradicts the United States Constitution , as interpreted by the Supreme Court . " But on Wednesday , the Arkansas House voted 56-33 to override the veto , following a 20-14 override vote a day earlier in the state Senate . The Center for Reproductive Rights and the ACLU of Arkansas promised to mount a legal challenge in federal court , while supporters said they were prepared to fight back . "  We intend to make it ... clear that no one 's constitutional rights are subject to revision by lawmakers intent on scoring political points , and that attempts such as this to turn back the clock on reproductive rights will not stand , " Nancy Northup , president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights , said in a statement . Should the state lose the challenge , it will have to pay all the legal fees in the case . But Rep. Ann Clemmer , a Republican supporter , says the money would be well spent . "  Protecting unborn children is ... an important way to spend state resources , " she told CNN affiliate KATV in Little Rock . Called the Arkansas Human Heartbeat Protection Act , the bill requires testing to determine "  whether the fetus that the pregnant woman is carrying possesses a detectible heartbeat . " Abortions would be banned if the fetus has a detected heartbeat "  and is under 12 weeks or greater gestation . " Arkansas governor vetoes bill to ban abortions past 12 weeks Roe v. Wade , a 1973 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court , legalized the right to an abortion in all 50 states . Statutory time limits on when abortions can take place , however , vary from state to state . Some states have no time limit , while others allow abortion up to the end of the second trimester , about 27 or 28 weeks into the pregnancy . As is so often the case with this issue , there are deep divides . Kandi Cox , who had an abortion 20 years ago when she was 19 , now heads Abba Adoption , an agency that offers support for women and teens who choose adoption rather than abortion for their unborn child . "  This is a day of celebration within our state , where we can say that we as the state of Arkansas , we stand for life , " Cox told CNN affiliate KARK-TV . "  We 're going to continue to fight until Arkansas stays a solid state for life . " But Jan Gerber , who also had an abortion , said she has no regrets about her decision to end her pregnancy . She is a registered nurse who signed a petition by Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health to support abortion providers . "  I stand for choice , " Gerber told KARK . "  I stand for the little girl who thinks her voice has been taken away from her , and I 'm 60 and I 'm older and I want to say to that little girl , ` you do have a choice . ' " CNN 's Darrell Calhoun and Joe Sutton contributed to this report	Gov. Mike Beebe : Measure "  blatantly contradicts the United States Constitution " Arkansas state Senate and House override the governor 's veto of the abortion ban Opponents promise a legal challenge in federal court
CNN  African safaris conjure up images of four-wheel drive cars trundling through games parks carrying tourists with binoculars clamped to their eyes . But if you want to get a bit closer to some of nature 's most beautiful beasts then heading out on four legs , not four wheels , might be your best bet . Venturing into the continent 's game reserves on horseback may seem a little daunting but is one of the best ways to experience the environment , says Philip Kusseler , co-owner of Wait A Little horse safaris . Kusseler has been leading outings into South Africa 's Karongwe and Greater Makalali Game Reserves near the famous Kruger National Park for more than a decade . His stable of around 40 horses at a farm in Ofcolaco in the northwest of the country includes warmbloods , native Boerperds and former thoroughbreds . The ex-racehorses may be more used to chasing on the turf than exploring the bush , but Kusseler says that once trained they make for great tour guides . "  When you get a retired racehorse , you have extremely fit horse right from the beginning which is of course very good to work with . Secondly , you get a horse that likes to excite itself and learn new things , " Kusseler told CNN 's Winning Post . Most racehorses face an uncertain future when their track days come to an end -- usually at the age of around six or seven . A lucky few are sent to stud while others , like double Gold Cup winner Kauto Star , try their luck at different equestrian disciplines . Some will see out their days at animal sanctuaries but many are simply slaughtered because owners are unable or unwilling to foot the bill for upkeep once their racing days are through . Kusseler is looking to grow his current stock of three ex-racers which are prepared for their new role by his wife Gerti , a former dressage rider and FEI coach . "  We train all our horses in basic dressage , " she explains . "  It 's very important that they are responsive and trust the rider and trust the aids of the rider . The basic training and dressage helps a lot to make them responsive and fun to ride as well . " All horses spend a minimum of two years being schooled at a purpose-built riding arena at the farm and also in the bush where they learn to deal with some of nature 's most intimidating creatures . "  When an ex-racehorse sees a lion , " explains Philip Kusseler , "  you can feel it 's heartbeat through the saddle but he soon learns to cope with it and they are just as cool as any other horse breed . " "  Trekking with horses is extremely dangerous because the horse fits the lions prey preference perfectly . But they are so well-trained and so well disciplined that they do n't react like a prey animal would , so the lions get quite confused . " Along with the "  Big Five " game  lions , elephants , rhinos leopards and buffalo  Wait A Little 's intrepid guests can expect to come across zebras , wildebeests , hippos and giraffe amid 35,000 hectares of game park . But as Gerti concedes , seeing these beasts up close from the saddle is not everyone 's idea of a good time . "  We have had people that were too scared . I ca n't say it 's 100 % safe because it is n't . But it is very , very safe when you go out with Philip because he has such huge experience , " she says . "  He gives his horses a lot of confidence and sometimes some horses need that . I always say the animals are the least dangerous -- the most dangerous thing is riding horses . " Of course , there are other modes of transport with anything from trains to camels ready to carry you through the bush . Most tourists still opt for a traditional four-wheel drive vehicles but the Kusselers would n't swap their thoroughbred horsepower for anything else . "  They are just lovely , " says Philip Kusseler . "  As long as you are able to stimulate them in the bush by having wonderful outrides you will have a horse that keeps on smiling . "	Horseback safaris offer a different way to experience the African bush South African company Wait A Little organize tours into game reserves Husband and wife team train horses to cope with demands of facing game animals Horses , including thoroughbreds , keep calm even when stalked by lions
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal recovered from a rusty start to power into the second round of Wimbledon with a straight-sets win over Brazil 's Thomaz Bellucci on Tuesday . The two-time champion bounced back in style after losing the first four games of the match against the 80th-ranked Bellucci . Nadal won the next four , before smashing his South American opponent 7-0 in the first-set tie break and then wrapping up the remaining sets 6-2 6-3 . "  It 's always tough to make the change from clay to grass , especially when over the last couple of months I played almost every match on tour , " said Nadal , who won the French Open earlier this month . "  I had more mistakes than usual and I was very lucky to come back from 4-0 . " Champion Kvitova battles through in women 's first round Great Britain 's Andy Murray made an impressive start to the tournament as he bids to become the first home winner of the men 's singles since Fred Perry in 1936 . The world number four made short work of beating Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko 6-1 6-1 6-4 , and the British number one also looked in peak physical form following recent fitness concerns . But it was a day to forget for Australia 's men 's players , with none making the second round at the All England Club for the first time since 1938 . No. 20 seed Bernard Tomic , who made the quarterfinals last year , slumped to a surprise 3-6 6-3 6-4 6-4 defeat against Belgian wildcard David Goffin . "  I have slacked off a little bit and look what it 's costing me . It 's a lack of concentration , not working hard , " admitted the 19-year-old after the defeat . Compatriot Lleyton Hewitt , who was Wimbledon champion 10 years ago but needed a wildcard to qualify after an injury-plagued season , was no match for France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . The No. 5 seed showed no signs of the finger injury he suffered in the recent Aegon Championships , cruising to a 6-3 6-4 6-4 win over his Australian opponent . Spain 's Feliciano Lopez , the No. 14 seed , fell to a surprise 7-6 3-6 7-6 6-4 defeat to Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen . Fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro , seeded 12th , avoided the same fate after fighting back from two sets down to beat Belgium 's Olivier Rochus 6-7 3-6 7-6 6-2 6-4 . No. 10 seed Mardy Fish beat Spain 's Ruben Ramirez-Hidalgo 7-6 7-5 7-6 on his return to tennis after a heart operation . An ATP tour spokesman said the player felt "  unwell " after the victory , his first tournament match since undergoing surgery last month to correct faulty wiring in his heart . The spokesman added Fish 's current condition was "  nothing worrying " .	Rafael Nadal seals straight-sets win over Brazil 's Thomaz Bellucci Home favorite Andy Murray crushes Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko 6-1 6-1 6-4 Feliciano Lopez , the No. 14 seed , loses to Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen No. 20 seed Bernard Tomic crashes out to Belgian wildcard David Goffin
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- India 's Home Minister Shivraj Patil submitted his resignation Sunday as the country investigated alleged Pakistani ties to the terrorist attacks that killed 183 people in Mumbai . Indian Home Minister Shivraj Patil addresses the media after a cabinet meeting with PM Manmohan Singh . The fallout from the attacks is damaging the tenuous relationship between India and Pakistan , said CNN 's sister station in India , CNN-IBN . The Indian government is considering suspending the five-year-old cease-fire with Pakistan and perhaps even ending the dialogue process with the country , sources told CNN-IBN . Pakistani security officials told CNN that if tensions with India escalate , Pakistan may shift its military forces from the Afghan border east to prepare for any conflict . The 60-hour wave of violence began Wednesday night as gunmen surged into at least nine locations in Mumbai , killing at least 183 people and wounding about 300 . The official death toll does not include at least 11 gunmen killed in battles with security forces . Authorities have said that some of the attackers , who arrived in Mumbai by boat , were from Pakistan . "  Yes , the captured terrorist was Pakistani , as the home minister and others have said . As far as the others , the accomplices , the investigation , the interrogation is under way and the details will become public very soon , " said Vilasrao Deshmukh , chief minister of Maharashtra . Pakistan 's foreign minister , Shah Mahmood Qureshi , vowed Saturday to take action against any group within its borders if it is found to be involved with the attacks . Interpol had said it would send a delegation to India to aid in the investigation . But on Sunday , the international law enforcement agency was still waiting for official permission into the country , a spokesman said . "  We believe that time is of the essence in Interpol 's getting to India in order to explore any potential international links with regard to the seized evidence as well as the fingerprints and DNA of the suspected terrorists , " a statement said . The resignation of India 's home minister could also slow down the agency 's being allowed into India , the statement said . Officials say they found telephones and a global navigational device on an abandoned boat floating off the coast of Mumbai that was used by the terrorists , CNN-IBN reported . The television network showed photographs of a phone 's call log that revealed calls had been placed to Pakistan . The boat had been hijacked , intelligence officials told CNN-IBN . Four crew members who had been on board were missing . The captain was found dead , face down with his hands bound behind his back . The targets of the attacks included luxury hotels packed with foreign tourists . The 105-year-old Taj Mahal hotel was the site of the attackers ' final stand , as gunmen held hostages and refused to leave the facility . Victims share their tales of survival and escape " The chairman of the company that owns the hotel told CNN that the company had been warned about the possibility of a terrorist attack before the massacre . The hotel heightened security as a result , the chairman of the Tata Group and Taj Hotels , Ratan Tata , said in a taped interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN 's "  GPS . " There were indications , though , that the hotel had relaxed security before the attack . "  It 's ironic that we did have such a warning and we did have some measures , " Tata said . "  People could n't park their cars in the portico where you had to go through a metal detector . " "  But if I look at what we had -- which all of us complained about -- it could not have stopped what took place . They did n't come through that entrance , " he said . "  They came from somewhere in the back . They planned everything , " he said of the attackers . "  I believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler . They went through the kitchen , they knew what they were doing . " Watch the destruction left at the hotel " The security response to the attacks has brought criticism and led to the resignation of Patil , the home minister . Patil , who had been widely criticized even before terrorists struck , submitted his resignation to Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , a Home Ministry spokesman said . Singh accepted the resignation and immediately named Finance Minister P. Chidambaram to take over the Home Ministry post , according to a source in the prime minister 's office . N. Ram , editor-in-chief of The Hindu -- a major Indian newspaper -- said Patil 's departure was overdue . "  This man has been widely criticized for not being up to it and it was simply impossible that he could stay on after this , " Ram said . The criticism of Patil was "  that he has been very slow , that they have n't delivered in the promise to improve intelligence . " iReport.com : Share tributes to those lost The toll from the attacks is expected to rise as authorities count the casualties inside the Taj Mahal hotel , whose burned-out lobby was littered with shards of glass . At least 18 foreigners were among the victims , including five Americans and eight Israelis . Indian authorities found five bodies Friday of hostages at the Chabad House , a Jewish community center . The carnage could have been worse , investigators said . "  We found bullets with them , hand grenades , bombs , " said R. R. Patil , deputy chief minister of Maharashtra state , where Mumbai is located . "  Based on our investigation , we believe they had planned to kill 5,000 people . " President Bush spoke Sunday to Singh , the National Security Council said . Noting that U.S. citizens were among those killed , the president "  said that we would all be working together , with the international community , to go after these extremists , " according to a statement from National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe . India 's major political parties Sunday held a five-hour meeting in which all involved pledged to find ways to strengthen security in the country and discussed a proposal to set up a federal investigation agency to look into the attacks , said External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee . CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Mallika Kapur , Harmeet Shah Singh , Saeed Ahmed , Sara Sidner , Alessio Vinci , Reza Sayah and Paula Newton contributed to this report .	Indian Home Minister Shivraj Patil resigns over attacks Report : India considering suspending five-year-old cease-fire with Pakistan Officials link boat floating off Mumbai to attacks ; calls placed to Pakistan At least 183 killed during attacks , according to federal officials
CNN  -- A third minute goal from Gonzalo Higuain gave Real Madrid a 1-0 victory over Valencia , coach Juande Ramos ' first Primera Liga win since taking charge of the Spanish champions . Gonzalo Higuain is congratulated after scoring Real Madrid 's only goal against Valencia . The win ended Madrid 's run of three straight league defeats and moved them up to 29 points , nine behind leaders Barcelona -- who visit Villarreal on Sunday . With captain Raul Gonzalez only on the bench befcause of the flu , Higuain played alone in attack , and he soon made his mark with the early goal -- the Argentine collecting Arjen Robben 's pass to fire home his 11th goal of the season . Valencia almost fell two goals behind in the 16th minute when Rafael van der Vaart struck the post with a curling drive . Higuain had a chance to double Madrid 's tally in the second-half , but his close-range shot struck the bar . The visitors ' hopes were effectively ended when captain Carlos Marchena was sent off after picking up his second yellow card , for a foul on Robben . The defeat , only Valencia 's second of the season after also going down to Barcelona , leaves them on 30 points , just one above Madrid .	Gonzalo Higuain scoresd the only goal as Real Madrid defeat Valencia 1-0 The victory marks first success in the Primera Liga for coach Juande Ramos Valencia , who had Carlos Marchena sent off , were losing only second match
CNN  -- A day after 20 million gallons of water gushed out of an old , broken water main , UCLA had quite a mess on its hands Wednesday -- and it still was trying to figure out how big . Hundreds of vehicles were waterlogged and stranded . A famous basketball court might be ruined . "  We 're nowhere near  figuring the cost  yet , " UCLA Assistant Vice Chancellor Kelly Schmader said near the north side of campus , not far from where workers still were trying to stanch residual leaks in the damaged underground Los Angeles water pipe . "  Some of the facilities that have water in them , we 're not able to make damage assessments yet . " The juncture of a 93-year-old water pipe and a 58-year-old pipe burst under famed Sunset Boulevard on Tuesday afternoon , city officials said , with the ensuing geyser sending an estimated 20 million gallons of water shooting into the sky and streaming into nearby open areas and buildings -- notably parts of the UCLA campus just to the south . No one was injured , but damage to some campus parking garages and athletic facilities was "  substantial , " Schmader said . Water rushed into two underground parking facilities , he said . The school said Wednesday afternoon that 960 vehicles were still trapped inside . Those vehicles that are n't trapped appear to have some level of water damage , Schmader said . Most of the autos belonged to UCLA students , faculty and staff members who were on campus for the end of the summer session . "  I went back to my car to try and leave , and they told me that I could n't leave the structure because it was flooded , " a woman told CNN affiliate KTLA . "  And I walked to the side that was flooded , and I thought , ` So there goes my car . ' " Swift-water rescue crews with boats had to ferry away several stranded people Tuesday , and at least three motorists were rescued from the garages . A section of Sunset Boulevard remained closed Wednesday . City councilman Joe Buscaino said the goal was to have the road reopened by Friday . Workers pumped and pushed water out of the damaged facilities . At UCLA 's Pauley Pavilion , the recently renovated home of the school 's basketball , volleyball and gymnastics teams , 8 to 10 inches of water had collected on the Nell and John Wooden Court , the hoops surface named for the 10-time NCAA title-winning basketball coach and his wife . Water covers volleyball courts Video from KTLA showed workers using machines and squeegees to dry the court and push water out of the arena . "  The court is showing signs of buckling and expansion right now . Whether we 'll be able to save that court , I do n't know , " Schmader said . UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero said in a written statement that he was confident the arena and court will be ready by the time basketball season begins in late October . The flooding comes just two years after UCLA completed a $ 136 million renovation of the arena . The John Wooden recreation center and the Arthur Ashe Student Health and Wellness Center were without power because their transformers , like the vehicles , were submerged in the parking garages , Schmader said . The J.D. Morgan Center , which houses the college 's athletics hall of fame , also was waterlogged , with workers piling strips of wet carpet outside . UCLA academic and residential halls were not affected , and classes continued Wednesday . It 's not clear what cause the burst . But it happened at a very bad time for the city and state . Drought-stricken California recently passed statewide water restrictions , and Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency in January . "  Unfortunately , we lost a lot of water -- around 35,000 gallons a minute -- which is not ideal in the worst drought in the city 's history , " Los Angeles City Councilman Paul Koretz said . "  So we ask everybody to try harder to conserve water . " Repair work on the pipe wo n't be completed Wednesday , but thanks to water rerouting , no one was out of water service because of the break , said Jeff Bray , superintendent of the city 's Department of Water and Power . About 1,000 gallons a minute were still leaking from the pipe Wednesday afternoon , said Jim McDaniel of that agency . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki , Holly Yan , Steve Almasy and Stella Chan contributed to this report .	UCLA says 960 vehicles stranded in underground parking garages Authorities estimate 20 million gallons of water spilled Several inches of water covered the court at Pauley Pavilion California had just passed statewide watering restrictions due to drought
Gaza City  CNN  -- For residents of Gaza and southern Israel , the fleeting period of calm is over . The Israeli military said aircraft carried out strikes on at least 70 militant targets in Gaza on Friday in response to a barrage of rocket fire after a three-day truce in the region came to an end without a longer-term agreement . At least 50 rockets were fired at Israel after the cease-fire expired Friday morning , the Israel Defense Forces said . Most of the rockets hit unpopulated areas , but one wounded a civilian and slightly wounded a soldier , the IDF said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon ordered the military to respond forcefully to the resumption in rocket fire , Israeli officials said . The IDF said it "  targeted terror sites across the Gaza Strip . " Several explosions were heard in Gaza City as Israeli fighter jets flew overhead . Local media reported airstrikes elsewhere in the territory . One strike in Gaza City killed a 10-year-old boy , said Ashraf el-Qedra , a spokesman for the Palestinian Ministry of Health . Hamas , the Islamic militant group that holds power in Gaza , said that Palestinian officials at peace talks in Cairo had n't agreed to extend the truce but would continue negotiations . But Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN that the resumption of rocket fire means Hamas has "  broken the fundamental premise of the talks in Cairo . " Violence flares in the West Bank With the cease-fire over , unrest spread to the West Bank , where a 19-year-old man was shot and killed by a Israeli soldier near a settlement east of Ramallah , medical officials told CNN . A dozen Palestinian youths were throwing stones at a watchtower near the Ammari camp in alBireh when an Israeli soldier opened fire and killed Mohammad al-Qatari , according to the medical officials . Dr. Ahamad Bitwai , head of the Ramallah medical complex , said the young man was shot in the chest and died on the way to the hospital . In Hebron , at least 40 people were hurt during clashes between Palestinians and Israeli military and border police near the old city . According to the official Palestinian new agency WAFA , 23 of the injuries were from live fire . Pro-Palestinian demonstrations erupted in many areas of the West Bank after Friday prayers . The IDF said dozens of rioters near Ramallah hurled rocks at soldiers , who responded by using "  riot dispersal means " before "  exhausting all possible measures " and resorting to gunfire . "  A hit was confirmed and the incident is being reviewed , " the IDF said in a statement . Islamic Jihad and the Al-Nasser Salah al-Din Brigades , two militant factions that have fought alongside Hamas in Gaza under the banner of "  the resistance , " said they fired rockets at Israel on Friday . "  The enemy ended the cease-fire when he refused to accept the demands of the resistance and he bears responsibility for the consequences of that , " the military wing of Islamic Jihad said in a statement . Two rockets fired from Gaza hit southern Israel a few hours before the truce was due to end Friday , the IDF said . They caused no casualties . Hamas denied responsibility for firing the rockets , which landed near Eshkol , said Sami Abu Zuhri , a senior spokesman for the group . No breakthrough in talks The rocket fire came as hopes faded for an agreement to extend the Egyptian-brokered cease-fire , which began Tuesday . During the truce , Israeli and Palestinian delegations held indirect talks in Cairo through Egyptian go-betweens , but the two sides appeared to be far apart in their positions . A Palestinian member of the negotiating delegation , not authorized to speak to the media directly about the talks , told CNN on condition of anonymity that the two sides failed to agree on the wording of a cease-fire extension that included the Palestinian demand for Israel to lift the blockade on Gaza . The official also indicated the Israeli negotiators declined Palestinian demands to re-open the Gaza airport and seaport , and to release prisoners who had been released and rearrested in June . One key Palestinian economic demand centered on fishing rights . The Palestinians are currently allowed to fish up to three miles off the Gaza coast , and they demanded that be extended to 20 miles . Abu Zuhri said Israel was willing to extend fishing rights to only six miles off the coast . The fishing industry in Gaza is a major part of the territory 's economy . Israel said Thursday it was willing to extend the cease-fire unconditionally . The country 's military said earlier in the week it had achieved its goal of destroying Hamas ' network of tunnels that extend under the border into Israel . After the rocket fire Friday , however , Israel 's Foreign Ministry said on Twitter that the country "  will not conduct negotiations while under fire . " Hamas leaders said the Israelis bear responsibility for the breakdown of the talks . Abu Zuhri said the Palestinian delegation arrived in Cairo five days in advance in an effort to reach a cease-fire agreement , but the Palestinian delegation did not receive an Israeli response to its demands . "  We did not see any effort from the Israelis to encourage us to extend the cease fire agreement . As result , the Palestinian delegation , collectively , decided not to extend the cease fire agreement , " said Abu Zuhri . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Friday expressed his "  deep disappointment that the parties were unable to agree to an extension of the ceasefire . " Israel 's U.N. ambassador , Ron Prosor , responded with a message on the U.N. Facebook page , saying : "  If I was n't familiar with the UN , I would think this is a parody . But because I am familiar with the UN , I know this is a tragedy . " The message added , "  Your statement said that you were disappointed that the parties were unable to agree to an extension of the ceasefire . I could n't help but notice that you did n't mention one of the parties , which happens to be the party that violated the ceasefire . This party has a name -- they are called Hamas . " Civilian population suffering The lack of a deal appears to be reviving a conflict that brought death and destruction to large areas of Gaza and thousands of rockets fired at Israel . Renewed hostilities also deepen the misery for people in Gaza who were wounded , displaced or deprived of basic necessities by the first four weeks of fighting . On Friday , the Palestinian Ministry of Health issued new casualty numbers for the conflict -- 1,898 deaths , including 446 children , and 9,837 injured . It 's unclear how many of the Palestinian dead were militants . The United Nations estimates that at least 70 % of the dead were civilians . The Israel Defense Forces says it believes roughly half of the dead -- about 900 people -- were militants . Israeli officials say 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel have died . Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system intercepted many of the rockets fired at populated areas of the country . Additionally , about 65,000 Gaza residents lost their homes to the fighting , according to U.N. estimates . The territory is also short on running water , power and medical supplies . CNN exclusive : Inside the mind of Hamas ' political leader Nobel laureate Wiesel : Hamas must stop using children as human shields Gaza conflict : Can economic isolation ever be reversed ? Life in Gaza : Misery heightened by war CNN 's John Vause reported from Gaza , Matthew Chance reported from Jerusalem , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Ali Younes , Michael Pearson , Reza Sayah , Tal Heinrich , Jake Tapper , Katie Hinman , Claudia Rebaza , Samira Said and Karl Penhaul also contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel 's ambassador criticizes the U.N. response to the resumption in fighting A barrage of rocket fire on Friday follows the end of a three-day truce In response , Israel says its military "  targeted terror sites across the Gaza Strip " The Egyptian-brokered cease-fire began Tuesday
CNN  -- Three years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , workers have dug up a massive chunk of weathered crude from the shallows off a Louisiana beach . The tar mat -- a slab of oil residue mixed with wet sand -- was about 165 feet long by 65 feet wide , said Lt. Cmdr. Natalie Murphy , a Coast Guard spokeswoman . It weighed more than 40,000 pounds , but more than 85 % of that weight was sand , shells and water , she said . The mat was found under the surf off Isle Grand Terre , Louisiana , about 90 miles south of New Orleans . Crews using an excavator dug the largely submerged tar mat out of the beach in chunks over the last few weeks , Murphy said . Louisiana is the last state where regular cleanup operations from the oil spill are still under way . The Coast Guard and BP , the owner of the ruptured well at the heart of the disaster , declared the cleanup over in Alabama , Florida and Mississippi earlier this month , but more than 80 miles of the Louisiana coast are still being patrolled . BP has recovered more than 2.7 million pounds of waste from Louisiana shores in 2013 , with residual oil making up between 5 and 15 % of that total weight , company spokesman Jason Ryan told CNN . The drill rig Deepwater Horizon exploded and sank in April 2010 , killing 11 men aboard and unleashing an undersea gusher a mile beneath the surface of the Gulf of Mexico . Most of the oil is believed to have evaporated or been consumed by microbes deep under water . But a still-undetermined portion settled to the floor of the Gulf , and some of it was stirred up and washed back ashore after Hurricane Isaac in 2012 .	The slab of weathered crude and sand was more than 160 feet long Most of its 40,000-plus pounds was sand and water , a Coast Guard official says Louisiana is the last state where Deepwater Horizon cleanup continues
CNN  All eyes were glued to the big guy in the gym . Red-faced and sweaty , he must have been benching more than 300 pounds . But the weights were slipping . Just as it looked as if he was going to get crushed by the immense burden dangling over his head , he tossed the weights up like it was no problem at all and popped up from the bench . He may have looked down for a minute , but he would not be defeated . The gym was silent . Everyone was impressed . But the thing I noticed most as he strutted around gasping for air was his Penn State University T-shirt . "  That 's right , " I thought as I rode the elliptical machine at my local gym a few days ago . "  That 's how we do . We are Penn State . " It was the first time since 2011 , when the horrific Jerry Sandusky child abuse scandal was revealed , that I felt any pride or connection to my alma mater . In 2012 , Sandusky , the former assistant football coach , was sentenced to 30-60 years in prison for the sexual abuse of 10 boys after tearful testimony from his victims . Since then , I 've wanted no association with the school or the culture that valued winning football games above protecting children from rape . And when my son was accepted to Penn State that year , we tossed the acceptance letter in the trash . My own Penn State sweatshirt was stuffed deep in the back of the closet . I am a Nittany Lion and I was ashamed . Sadly , my new-found pride was short-lived . In an attempt to restore the university 's reputation , Pennsylvania state officials led by Senate Majority Leader Jake Corman and state Treasurer Rob McCord , filed a suit against the NCAA . They wanted all sanctions the NCAA placed against the school be lifted . The NCAA had reached beyond its authority in punishing Penn State , they argued . In other words , their lawsuit had nothing to do with the boys who were raped or abused by Sandusky . It had nothing to do with the fact that head football coach Joe Paterno , who died in 2012 , and others at the school had been alerted to this abuse as early as 1998 and did very little to make sure it stopped . Nope , Corman and others wanted redemption for Penn State , based on a loophole over the authority of the NCAA to punish the football program . The NCAA caved , ruling last week to restore Penn State 's 112 wins wiped out during the Sandusky scandal , including the 111 wins erased from the record of head football coach Joe Paterno -- all the victories after the first time police were called by a mother reporting that Sandusky had showered with her 10-year-old son on the Penn State campus back in 1998 . And the $ 60 million dollar fine the NCAA levied against the school ? Well , now instead of the NCAA collecting the fine and spending the dollars nationally , the ruling allows the university to keep the money but commit to spending the $ 60 million in Pennsylvania to fund in-state child abuse programs only . Other sanctions lifted by the NCAA ruling , include ending a five-year probation period and scholarship and transfer rules . We teach our kids when they do wrong to face up to it , take their punishment without complaint or excuses and move on . Then , go out into the world and show everyone you are better than your lowest moments . It takes courage , integrity and leadership . That is what Penn State needed to do . And so , for me , this is not a proud day for Penn State . We 've cheated the system , bullied our way back into the record books . And we 've told the world once again that in Happy Valley winning is more important than anything . All those boys who were raped ? Well , that 's not our problem . What 's important is making sure coach Paterno 's 409-136-3 is restored . "  The whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth , " said Mister Mann Frisby , a Penn State alum , and track coach for more than 11 years . "  The NCAA sanctions athletes for the smallest things -- you take a parent to lunch , it 's a violation . You help a student-athlete pay for airfare for their parent to see a game , it 's a violation . Students lose eligibility , sports programs are punished . And now , the NCAA is lifting sanctions after boys were molested and raped on his watch and he did little or nothing to stop it . This sends a terrible message , " said Frisby , who was the first person in his family to graduate from college . This weekend , social media is abuzz with Penn State fans applauding the NCAA decision , feeling vindicated . For many others , me included , this ruling and the reaction from the Nittany Lion Nation wipes away any bonhomie the university was gaining over the past three years . "  It is hard to believe that the NCAA and the school could take the most nauseating , the most horrifying , the most indefensible institutionalization of corruption in American sports -- the Jerry Sandusky scandal -- and make it worse , but today they just did , " said ESPN 's Keith Olbermann said on his show Friday . It seemed that the university was trying to clean up its act . Joe Paterno and university president Graham Spanier had been fired . Both of those things needed to happen . The board of trustees had ushered in changes . The Sandusky trial ended after months of testimony almost too unbearable to watch as abuse victim after abuse victim told their painful stories about being raped and molested by Sandusky . A new coach was brought in and the team started winning . That 's how healing happens ; how forgiveness happens . One day at a time , trying to do better , be better than you were yesterday . There is no short cut on the road to redemption . Even coach Paterno knew that : "  Success without honor is an unseasoned dish ; it will satisfy your hunger , but it wo n't taste good . " -- Joe Paterno JoePa may be back atop the record books as the "  winningest coach ever , " but he was not an honorable man -- not when it came to putting the lives and safety of children above football . And no NCAA ruling can change that history .	Roxanne Jones : NCAA agreed to restore Penn State 's wins under Joe Paterno She says settlement shows that university and its supporters still have n't accepted responsibility for scandal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Seven emergency medics in England have been suspended from work for playing an Internet game that involves being photographed lying down in unusual places . The lying down should be as public as possible and as many people as possible should be involved . Bosses at a hospital in Swindon , western England , were angered after photographs of the doctors and nurses lying face down on resuscitation trolleys , ward floors and an air ambulance helipad were posted on social networking site Facebook . The photographs have been removed from the site and the members of the hospital 's accident and emergency staff now face a disciplinary hearing . Partipants in the "  lying down game " must lie face down with the palms of their hands against their sides and the tips of their toes touching the ground . Should the medics have been suspended ? Send us your views There are two aims to the challenge : that the lying down should be as public as possible and that as many people as possible should be involved . But Dr. Alf Troughton , medical director of Great Western Hospital NHS Trust , was unamused by the alleged incident , which he said took place during a night shift last month . "  This did not involve patients and we are satisfied that at no time was patient care compromised , " Dr. Troughton said in a statement . "  The Great Western Hospital sets high standards for staff behaviour at all times and therefore takes any such breaches extremely seriously . It is important to reassure patients and our workforce that this was an isolated incident and staff cover was maintained at all times . "  The allegations have been thoroughly investigated and seven members of staff remain suspended pending formal disciplinary hearings . "	Seven medics in England suspended for playing "  lying down game " Internet game involves being photographed lying down in unusual places Members of hospital 's accident and emergency staff await disciplinary hearing They were allegedly photographed lying on trolleys and emergency helipad
CNN  -- When a Phoenix teacher , way back in 2004 , offered four students the option of learning marine science through textbook lessons or by building an underwater robot , the students chose the hands-on approach . It was a decision that revealed the power of experiential learning and created the opening scene for a Hollywood script . "  I had nothing to do . I felt like a loser , " one of the students , Lorenzo Santillan , told an Arizona newspaper in 2008 . Without the robot club , "  I would have probably just dropped out of high school . " In fact , all four students graduated from high school . "  All these kids have taken what they 've learned and decided that they can be leaders in their community , " the robotics teacher , Fredi Lajvardi , says in a new documentary film , Underwater Dreams . The film tracks four Hispanic students who started the robotics team at Carl Hayden High School in Phoenix , a decade ago . Working under gifted teachers , the guys build an underwater robot , nicknamed Stinky . The fun starts when they enter a national competition that pits their machine against robots from both high school and college teams . No need to spoil the finish . It 's enough to say that the tale , with a tampon prominent in the construction of the robot , inspired a long-form piece in WIRED magazine , a new Hollywood feature starring George Lopez and Marisa Tomei , and the documentary film . As part of a deal with NBCUniversal and AMC Theatres , "  Underwater Dreams " opens Friday , July 11 , in Los Angles and New York , before rolling out to other cities . Underwriters include the Bezos Family Foundation , The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund and the Virginia Piper Charitable Trust . While "  Underwater Dreams " is a compelling tale about four kids who beat the odds , it carries a larger message about education reform . The need for reform is straightforward . In this century , economic growth depends on jobs for which Americans are not sufficiently trained , at least as compared to other countries . Absent reform , according to the The Jobs Council , U.S. firms will struggle to fill positions that require technical skill . How to implement reform is the sticky part . Reforming education means altering how teachers teach . When I took algebra , chemistry and physics , my teachers stood at the front of the classroom and lectured . If I learned anything , I learned by listening . Today , there is a belief that students learn more by doing . Sounds simple enough , but it 's a challenge to reorganize instructional budgets , train new teachers , retrain veteran teachers and bring students and parents along . Instruction ends up looking different than your father 's science class , as evidenced by the robotics poetry class offered at one innovative Pennsylvania middle school . "  Underwater Dreams " adds weight to the argument in favor of hands-on , experiential learning by proving that it can be accomplished in a tough setting , without lots of new resources . The lesson is especially critical for STEM education -- science , technology , engineering and mathematics -- where we must set learning on fire for children who may otherwise disengage from school . I first heard about the Hayden robotics program shortly after the now-famous underwater competition , when the foundation where I work began making grants to support programs at the school . The students saw they could accomplish more than they ever could have imagined . Whether they went on to become an Army paratrooper like Oscar Vazquez or a chef , as Santillan has done , their high school experience helped . "  With robotics , the kids fell in love with building , pure and simple , " "  Underwater Dreams " filmmaker Mary Mazzio told me in an e-mail . "  They loved the kinesthetic learning of how things worked . Although they did n't call it engineering , that is what they fell in love with . Oscar first learned to make a catapult for Halloween -- and they concocted a giant catapult right out of Joan of Arc -- and had pumpkins smashing everywhere . He fell in love . " From the film , I was struck by Dean Kamen 's remarks on the need to develop talented young people . An inventor whose creations include the Segway , Kamen is also founder of FIRST robotics , which enables more than 350,000 students to build robots annually . I called Kamen to ask him whether the kids in "  Underwater Dreams " represent a fluke , or whether all students could flourish this way . "  You did n't find two needles in the haystack , " Kamen said . "  You found a stack of needles . They are all sharp . All they needed was a little guidance , a little support . " Let 's hope the release of "  Underwater Dreams " leads to more schools uncovering more of these needles . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A Phoenix teacher gave his students the option to learn by doing John Bare : The project motivated students to succeed and has important lessons He says America needs better education and training for job-related skills Bare : Hands-on learning can succeed even in schools hard-pressed for resources
AOL Autos  -- Small cars continue to be hot sellers among buyers looking for fuel economy , style and all-around fun . See which cars are the winners in this list of best-selling small cars . The Honda Civic is popular for its fuel efficiency and affordability . 1 . Honda Civic * August 2008 Sales : 30,052 Change vs. Previous Year : 5.3 % MSRP : $ 15,205 - $ 20,755 Invoice : $ 14,021 - $ 19,111 Fuel Economy : 34 mpg Hwy/26 mpg City The Honda Civic is one of the most reliable and popular economy compact sedans/coupes in its class . For years it has set the quality and performance standard for the affordable , compact car market . * Includes Hybrid Model AOL Autos : Honda Civic 2 . Toyota Corolla * August 2008 Sales : 29,443 Change vs. Previous Year : -3.4 % MSRP : $ 15,350 - $ 18,860 Invoice : $ 14,198 - $ 17,067 Fuel Economy : 35 mpg Hwy/26 mpg City The new Toyota Corolla is among the best of the compact sedans : reliable and economical yet refined and comfortable . * Includes Toyota Matrix AOL Autos : Toyota Corolla 3 . Ford Focus August 2008 Sales : 16,387 Change vs. Previous Year : 23.4 % MSRP : $ 14,995 - $ 17,970 Invoice : $ 14,091 - $ 16,648 Fuel Economy : 35 mpg Hwy/24 mpg City Small , economical , and fun , the 2009 Ford Focus is a smart choice for those looking for a compact car . AOL Autos : Ford Focus 4 . Chevrolet Cobalt August 2008 Sales : 15,281 Change vs. Previous Year : -26.6 % MSRP : $ 15,010 - $ 22,775 Invoice : $ 14,184 - $ 21,522 Fuel Economy : 37 mpg Hwy/25 mpg City The Chevy Cobalt is available as either a two-door coupe or a four-door sedan , each available in three trims : the LS , the LT and the SS Turbocharged . AOL Autos : Chevy Cobalt 5 . Mazda3 * August 2008 Sales : 10,970 Change vs. Previous Year : 4.4 % MSRP : $ 14,490 - $ 20,595 Invoice : $ 13,590 - $ 19,283 Fuel Economy : 32 mpg Hwy/24 mpg City The Mazda3 is a premium compact car , exciting to drive and look at , and equipped with unexpected luxury features , all at a reasonable price . * Includes MazdaSpeed3 AOL Autos : Mazda3 6 . Hyundai Elantra August 2008 Sales : 10,031 Change vs. Previous Year : 13.8 % MSRP : $ 13,970 - $ 16,670 Invoice : $ 13,592 - $ 16,004 Fuel Economy : 33 mpg Hwy/24 mpg City The Elantra is an economic compact car with handsome styling and nice lines . It 's renowned in two areas , interior space and standard safety equipment . 7 . Toyota Yaris August 2008 Sales : 9,474 Change vs. Previous Year : 20.5 % MSRP : $ 12,205 - $ 15,125 Invoice : $ 11,473 - $ 14,217 Fuel Economy : 36 mpg Hwy/29 mpg City The Yaris manages to combine a well-tailored , roomy interior with agile performance and a fuel efficient engine in an entry-level car . 8 . Nissan Sentra August 2008 Sales : 9,207 Change vs. Previous Year : 1.4 % MSRP : $ 16,140 - $ 20,570 Invoice : $ 15,275 - $ 19,181 Fuel Economy : 33 mpg Hwy/25 mpg City The Sentra front-wheel drive 4-door sedan is a practical , roomy and economical car with several trims available to suit a person 's needs . 9 . Nissan Versa August 2008 Sales : 8,015 Change vs. Previous Year : -5.2 % MSRP : $ 12,990 - $ 16,210 Invoice : $ 12,539 - $ 15,634 Fuel Economy : 31 mpg Hwy/26 mpg City The Versa is Nissan 's entry-level car with the intention of attracting economy-minded buyers with its mileage , price and larger size than most other vehicles in its class . 10 . Hyundai Accent August 2008 Sales : 6,455 Change vs. Previous Year : 73 % MSRP : $ 11,070 - $ 15,070 Invoice : $ 10,822 - $ 14,642 Fuel Economy : 33 mpg Hwy/27 mpg City The Hyundai Accent sedan and hatchback are exceptional economy cars that offer attractive looks and outstanding value in a price-sensitive market segment . Best-selling small cars is based on August national sales data	Small cars continue to be hot among buyers looking for fuel economy Honda Civic is one of the most reliable and popular economy compact cars Sentra front-wheel drive 4-door sedan is practical , roomy and economical Yaris combines well-tailored , roomy interior with agile performance
CNN  -- A South Korean-flagged fishing vessel has become stranded in Antarctic waters with about 90 crew members on board , the Chilean Navy said . The ship , the Kwang Ja Ho , hit the ocean floor Monday about 450 meters from the coast , the navy said in a statement . The navy said it is providing support while it waits for the stranded ship 's owner to coordinate a rescue plan . The crew members on board the grounded ship seem to be in good health , according to the navy 's statement . In December , a Russian-flagged research vessel , the MV Akadmik Shokalskiy , made international headlines when it got trapped in unusually deep ice near Antarctica . The passengers on board that ship -- including scientists , journalists and tourists -- were eventually airlifted onto another ship that took them to an Australian port .	The fishing vessel struck the ocean floor about 450 meters from the coast The Chilean Navy says it 's providing support to the stranded ship The roughly 90 crew members on board are in good health , it says
Life by DailyBurn  -- Hold onto your foam fingers , football fans . There 's a new league in town , and it 's all about fast and furious fitness . Combining weightlifting , bodyweight movements , gymnastics and more , the National Pro Grid League has drafted some of the most able-bodied athletes in the world , split them into eight teams , and is letting their strength , strategy and collective badass-ness determine the score . The best part : Grid does n't discriminate . Men and women compete against and alongside each other , players over 40 are integral to the mix , and all-around athletes and specialists can each make a difference when it counts . So how does the team sport plan to change the face of fitness ? DailyBurn went Grid-side as the New York Rhinos faced off against the Los Angeles Reign to witness the action at the first match of the inaugural 2014 season . DailyBurn : 5 beginner-friendly CrossFit workouts Welcome to the big leagues : How Grid started Sure , the idea of team functional fitness is n't exactly new . If the CrossFit Games come to mind when watching Grid athletes clean , jerk and kip at lightning speeds , it 's no coincidence . The league 's founder and commissioner is Tony Budding , a 10-year CrossFit executive who left the mega-brand to create a true co-ed spectator sport with greater mass appeal . DailyBurn : How fit are you , really ? Taking cues from the NFL and NBA , in April 2014 , Budding kicked things off with a football-esque Grid League Combine  athletes were selected via invite and application  , which put hopefuls through every imaginable fitness test , from squats to handstand walks . Next came a traditional style draft in July , where coaches from the eight squads selected the best men and women for their rosters â $ " factoring in not just their combine performance and fitness resume , but also personality and overall "  fit " for the team . Once the teams were stacked , players were off to team training camp  albeit some no more than a week long  , followed by pre-season scrimmages to get familiar with the ins and outs of league play , because no , it 's not exactly intuitive . Unlocking the Grid : How it works The action takes place on a 94-by-50-foot grid , split up into eight quadrants  four for each team  plus a start and finish area . Every team roster must consist of 20 athletes -- 10 men and 10 women , and on game day , only five men and five women are selected to start the match  including one 40-plus athlete of each gender  . If anything goes wrong , injury or otherwise , three athletes are on standby on each team 's bench . The two-hour match pits two teams against one another in 11 different races that progress across the grid . Races -- some of which are coed , some of which are male or female-only -- can include anything from handstand push-ups , burpee box jumps , rope climbs and double-unders for time . Then there 's the "  clean ladder , " where athletes must lift progressively heavier loads as they move down the grid  topping the scales at 340 pounds !  , with the weight of each player 's lifts added together for a combined team score . For each battle , the winning team gets two points  exception being the last race which counts for three points  , and the losing team gets one . If the squad does n't complete the challenge , they walk away with zero points for that race . When all is said and done , the team with the highest number of points at the end of the match gets the W. Of course , it 's not just about brute strength and top-end speeds . There 's plenty of strategy involved : Players can tag in and out to keep pace during each race or if they 're incapable of completing one more rep. But do n't consider a minute on the sidelines much of a break . "  When you 're competing as an individual you can find your own pace and if you mess up , you have a longer time to make up for it , " says Annie Thorsidottir , captain of the New York Rhinos . "  But on the grid , everything is so fast and high-intensity that you need to move fast while you 're out there . If you start slowing down , it 's time to rotate and change out . You need to be moving full speed , all the time . " Rhinos co-captain Mat Fraser , who also earned second place at the 2014 CrossFit Games , says the relentless speed is something Grid athletes , himself included , will need to adjust to . "  It 's just all-out until the tank is empty . I have never done 20 burpees over a box that fast ... " Fraser says of the 9th race , one of the more challenging from his first match . "  When I hit that finish line -- I usually try to stay standing -- but I just flopped down . There was nothing left . " It 's this high-octane format that brought spectators to their feet in the last few seconds of each battle at Madison Square Garden . It 's also what might just hold the attention of fans for seasons to come , says New York Rhinos coach Ian Berger . According to Budding , there 's plenty of potential for the players , too , stating that one of the many goals with this new league is to make functional fitness something the best in the world can finally make a living at . "  The icing on the cake is that my parents competed at Madison Square Garden when they were athletes , " said Fraser , whose parents were professional pairs figure skaters . Faster together : The road ahead In this abbreviated first season , teams will play three matches each , giving fans 12 live events total  and ideally adequate time for the league to work out any remaining kinks  . In 2015 , teams are slated to play 12 matches apiece ; in 2016 and beyond : 16 matches . Playoffs will commence in September , and will culminate in the Grid League Finals in Las Vegas , to be aired on NBC Sports on October 3 . The ultimate prize : the Pinnacle trophy  and a coveted place in Grid history  . Until then , fans can watch regular season match-ups on NPGL.com via web broadcast . Or , check out the 2014 schedule to find an event near you . For 2015 , expect eight more teams to join the league , including the Carolina Crush and others to be announced later this year . Prefer to get in on the action yourself ? There 's always next year 's Grid League Combine . Start practicing those cleans today !	National Pro Grid League was started by CrossFit executive Tony Budding League games take place on a 94-by-50-foot grid , split up into eight quadrants Two-hour match pits includes 11 different races that progress across the grid
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese nuclear plant will shut down its reactors after the country 's prime minister warned it was vulnerable to natural disasters , its owner announced Monday . The Chubu Electric Company said it will take two of its reactors at the Hamaoka nuclear plant off line and not bring a third back on line , effectively shutting down the plant . In a statement , the company said , "  At the May 9 , 2011 meeting of the Board of Directors , Chubu Electric Power Company , Inc. , has decided to suspend operations of Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant until further measures to prevent tsunami  damage  are completed , as requested by the prime minister . " Prime Minister Naoto Kan said last week that the plant -- located on the Pacific coast in Omaezaki , southwest of Tokyo -- could produce "  grave damage to Japan " similar to the problems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , and wanted earthquake and tsunami protections put in place . Akihisa Mizuno , president of Chubu Electric , said safety was the company 's first priority . Meanwhile , workers reentered the No. 1 reactor building at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant Monday as they try to restore its cooling system , the plant 's operator said . Nine Toyko Electric Power Co. employees and two representatives from Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency spent about 30 minutes in the building measuring radiation levels . On Thursday , workers went into the damaged facility for the first time since a magnitude-9 .0 earthquake and ensuing tsunami in March . They installed a ventilation system that is filtering radioactive substances from the air . The purpose of Monday 's visit was to see how successful the system has been . Once the radioactive contamination in the air is lowered enough , workers will be able stay in the building longer to install a cooling system that Tokyo Electric wants to use to perform a cold shut down of the reactor . Cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , were knocked out by the devastating tsunami that struck Japan 's Pacific coast after a massive earthquake March 11 . The disaster triggered the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl as the cores of reactors 1-3 overheated and spewed huge amounts of radioactive contamination across the surrounding area . The buildings that house reactors 1 and 3 were blown apart by hydrogen explosions in the first days of the crisis . Another hydrogen buildup is believed to have ruptured a water reservoir beneath the No. 2 reactor . In April , Tokyo Electric laid out a six - to nine-month timetable for winding down the crisis and bringing the reactors to a complete shutdown . The disaster has led to mandatory evacuations of about 78,000 people living within 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  of the plant . People living another 10 kilometers away -- or at least another 60,000 people -- have been ordered to remain sheltered . Yoko Wakatsuki , Kyung Lah and Junko Ogura contributed to this report	Chubu Electric Company says it is shutting down reactors at the Hamaoka nuclear plant Ventilating the reactor building at Fukushima Daiichi will allow employees to work there longer An earthquake and tsunami hit the nuclear facility on March 11 Reactor workers and nuclear safety officials measure radiation at the plant
The Ferguson police officer who shot Michael Brown did n't stop him because he was suspected in a convenience-store robbery , but because he was "  walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic , " the city 's police chief said Friday . Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson -- hours after documents came out labeling the 18-year-old Brown as the "  primary suspect " in the store theft -- told reporters the "  robbery does not relate to the initial contact between the officer and Michael Brown . " So why did Ferguson police opt to release surveillance video of the convenience-store incident Friday -- the same day they named , six days after the shooting , the white police officer who fatally shot the African-American teenager -- if the two situations are n't related ? Jackson said he distributed the store videotape "  because the press asked for it , " noting he could n't withhold it indefinitely . The chief added "  we needed to release that at the same time we needed to release the name of the officer involved in the shooting , " though he did n't elaborate on why . Identifying the officer was one key demand of demonstrators , along with pressing for other details on the shooting amid allegations of a police coverup . The flurry of details Friday added intrigue and , in some ways , anger to a case that 's spurred protests in the St. Louis suburb and beyond among those upset by Brown 's shooting and what they decry as a heavy-handed police response afterward . Brown 's family was n't told ahead of time anything about the robbery or store surveillance video , family lawyer Benjamin Crump told CNN 's Jake Tapper . Regardless , whatever happened there does n't matter , said Eric Davis , a cousin of Brown 's mother . "  It 's a diversion , and it 's an attempt to smear Michael 's character , " said Davis , who added the family has "  not been happy " with the Ferguson police department 's handling of the case . " ... It  should be  more about what happened on Canfield Drive , where Michael was executed . " The man heading security in Ferguson amid the unrest -- Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson -- stated the robbery and shooting of Brown "  are separate issues . " "  I told  Chief Jackson  I think both of those being released today was not needed and was not the way that we needed to go , " he told CNN on Friday evening . "  Today is about taking care of this incident here , getting to those facts that are there , and Michael Brown and his family . " Hours earlier , in video captured by CNN affiliate KSDK , Johnson emphasized authorities have an obligation to be upfront , not to say "  some things and now everybody says , ` what does that mean ? ' " "  I think if we 're going to give answers , we need to not give hints , " Johnson said . "  We need to say it . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Chief : Police officer involved in shooting ' a gentleman ' Police identified the officer who shot Michael Brown as 28-year-old Darren Wilson -- a six-year police veteran , including four years with the Ferguson force . Authorities had refused to name him , citing threats to his safety . The fact they have now done so satisfies a major demand of protesters . But many remain perturbed that additional details have not come out about Brown 's shooting . What the police chief did do on Friday was express "  every confidence " in Wilson , who had one side of his face swollen in his encounter with Brown , according to authorities . "  He  is  a gentleman ... a quiet officer , " Jackson said . The entire situation is "  devastating , it 's absolutely devastating " to Wilson . Much more information was provided about the reported convenience store robbery . That includes the surveillance video , which shows a large African-American man pushing aside a smaller man who seemingly tries to stop him , then leaving the store . Crump said the larger man "  appears to be " Michael Brown . Newly released police documents claim the teenager roughly handled a clerk trying to stop him before walking out of the store with the box of Swisher Sweets . Read the police documents The cost for the box of cigars , according to the documents : $ 48.99 . Jackson , the Ferguson police chief , told CNN that Wilson confronted Brown for being in the road , not the robbery . "  I guess that is when he might have seen ... evidence and connected it " to the robbery , Jackson said -- without explicitly tying the two incidents together himself . Relative : Actions ` fueled the distrust ' toward police A key complaint of protesters has been -- while police have said the shooting occurred during a struggle for the officer 's gun -- witnesses say the officer shot Brown as the teenager stood with his hands in the air . Tiffany Mitchell , who saw what happened , told CNN that "  it looked as if Michael was pushing off and the cop was trying to pull him in . " Instead , a shot went off , the teen broke free , and the officer got out of the vehicle and ran about 20 feet in pursuit , she and co-worker Piaget Crenshaw said . Another man , Dorian Johnson , said he was with Brown at the time of the shooting and that police shot Brown without provocation . "  We was n't committing any crime , bringing no harm to nobody , but my friend was murdered in cold blood , " he told CNN affiliate KMOV . Jackson confirmed to reporters Friday that Johnson , at least , "  did not commit a crime and was not complicit in a crime . " The information released Friday seems unlikely to quell the anger in the eastern Missouri city or elsewhere . Eric Davis , speaking for Brown 's family , expects the opposite will be the case -- even as he stressed that any protests must remain peaceful . "  This  police  chief ... is just inciting the crowd and making everybody angry , " Davis said . "  It just fueled the distrust that was already out there for the Ferguson police department . " Yet there were also some who said the robbery is not necessarily irrelevant to what happened next . "  A robbery does n't justify shooting Mike Brown , but it definitely changes your perspective on his mindset at the time of police encounter , " read one Twitter post from @OneTermTooMany . Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting ` Police chiefs are watching ' The full , complicated story has stirred an intense , nationwide discussion on race in the United States , and on the shooting itself as well as the response to demonstrators afterward . Accusers accused some protesters of violence and looting , while many on the other side have ripped what they call an over-the-top , militarized police response . So what 's next ? There 's still the possibility that action -- including , potentially , criminal charges -- could be taken against Officer Wilson . Then there 's the potential for political fall-out affecting Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon or Ferguson 's police chief . And there 's still a lot of anger about the shooting and the ensuing police response , and there are many angry people on the streets . A major rally is set for Sunday to demand action by authorities . "  This situation has been handled very badly , " civil rights leader Jesse Jackson said Friday from Ferguson . "  People here must turn their pain into power . " Undeterred by rain , people still made their voices heard Friday night on the streets of Ferguson -- some raising their hands up high , like they say Brown did before being shot dead by Officer Wilson . "  It 's tragic what happened , but we 're all united and working together , " said Tiffany Greene . "  It 's not a race thing , it 's a right-or-wrong thing . " The scene -- which mixed in chants and sign-holders with live music -- was a stark contrast to earlier in the week . Police used tear gas , rubber bullets and armored equipment , and accused some protesters of throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails . One demonstrator , Charla Griffin , noted the peaceful and communal nature of Friday 's gatherings , saying , "  We 're having a good time in the name of Michael Brown . " It 's seemingly no coincidence that things calmed calmed significantly Thursday , which was the day the state highway patrol took over security . Rather than confront protesters , Johnson figuratively and literally has embraced them . Talking later to CNN , the highway patrol captain said he thinks this whole ordeal -- as it relates to race relations between communities and law enforcement , as well as how authorities respond to protests -- "  will create change throughout our nation . " For example , he expects there will be talk about diversity training and tactics . "  This is all over the world , and I think police chiefs are watching -- deciding what they need to do and what they need to do better , " he said . Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ?	Woman : Protesters "  united , " says cause is "  not a race thing , it 's ... right or wrong " Police ID the officer who fired fatal shot as Darren Wilson ; chiefs calls him "  gentleman " The same day , they release video documents tying Michael Brown to store robbery Brown 's family , activists criticize how the Ferguson police have handled the case
CNN  -- The stars of tennis took time out from their French Open preparations Sunday to honor the man who helped them become some of the highest-paid athletes in the world . Brad Drewett passed away Friday , aged 54 , succumbing to the motor neurone disease that had forced him to step down as head of the men 's ATP World Tour . Novak Djokovic , Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Andy Murray and Serena Williams led a minute 's silence ahead of the start of the Madrid Masters , while similar tributes were held at tournaments in Portugal and Germany . "  Brad was n't just the president of the ATP but was a player himself , a board member , " Federer said on the ATP website . "  He 's given so much time and effort to the ATP , and I think this is really what we will try to honor in a small way today . " Drewett reached a career-high 34 in the world rankings , but his efforts in administration had far bigger impact on the game , from his time on the players ' council to running the ATP 's Middle East , Asia and Pacific operations before becoming president in early 2012 . The Australian took the end-of-season championship to China as part of tennis ' global spread in the early 2000s , and then brought it to London where it has become a lucrative moneyspinner and showpiece for the ATP . He has also been credited with getting the players a larger share of prize money from the four grand slam tournaments since he took over the top role a year and half ago . "  He was always very nice to work with . Very honest . Very nice . Gentle , " said 17-time grand slam winner Federer . "  I 've really enjoyed every step of the way working with him . For me , it was hard seeing him not be the same anymore towards the end physically . But we can only appreciate what he 's done for us and what he did until the last moment he really possibly could . "  That will never go away . I 'm sure that the ATP and the players will come up with something for the legacy of Brad Drewett . It 's very important . " Nadal said Drewett was "  a very loved person " on the circuit . "  The only thing we can do is say thank you for everything he has done for our sport , all the support , and all the good things he has done these years to help us and to help us to have a better sport . It 's a sad moment for all of us . " World No. 2 Federer is returning to action this week to defend his Madrid title , having recovered from the back injury that hampered him at Indian Wells in March . Like Nadal , he is happy that the Spanish event has reverted to traditional red clay after experimenting with a blue surface last year that was roundly condemned by many players and subsequently banned by the ATP . "  There was a lot of criticism about the color , about the quality of the court as well , being extremely slippery , " he told reporters . "  I do n't know if that was due to the color , but this tournament has in the past had issues with the quality of the court . I think through what happened last year with the controversy around the blue clay , it was a big eye opener to have a proper court here now . "  I think this year , from what I 'm hearing from the players , it 's a good quality court and the players are happy . In the process , hopefully we 'll see better tennis this year . " Top-ranked Djokovic , who ended Nadal 's eight-year reign in Monte Carlo last month , is also happier with the new surface . "  The court is great . The one where I practiced is great . I have n't practiced on the center court yet , but I 'll try to do that tonight to get a little feel about it , " the Serbian said . Nadal bounced back from his Monte Carlo final defeat to win the Barcelona Open title for the eighth time in nine years . "  The courts were not at the level to play professionally last year , " he told reporters . "  Fortunately this year they are very good . In Madrid , we have the problem of the dry climate , so it 's very difficult to have the clay that settles down properly . " The women 's tournament is also packed with top names , as defending champion Williams seeks to protect her No. 1 ranking from the challenge of in-form Maria Sharapova -- who will go top if she wins the title . Williams made a slow start to her opening match against Kazakh qualifier Yulia Putintseva on Sunday before winning 7-6  7-5  6-1 . However , her older sister Venus was forced to withdraw ahead of her match against Spain 's Anabel Medina Garrigues due to a back injury . Chinese fifth seed Li Na crashed out , losing 6-3 6-2 to 18-year-old American Madison Keys . Former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki continued her decline , as the Danish 10th seed lost 6-2 6-4 to another Kazakh player , Yaroslava Shvedova . Czech eighth seed Petra Kvitova , the 2011 Madrid champion , went through to round two along with Poland 's world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska . Meanwhile , veteran Tommy Haas won the Munich Open on Sunday , beating fellow German Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-3 7-6  7-3  13 years after losing in his previous final appearance in the clay event . The 35-year-old , a former world No. 2 , will now climb to 13th in the rankings . It was the first all-German final in Munich since 1965 , and Kohlschreiber was unable to defend his title -- having also won it in 2007 . In Oeiras , Stanislas Wawrinka upset top seed and world No. 4 David Ferrer 6-1 6-4 to win the Portugal Open on Sunday . It was the 28-year-old Swiss ' fourth career title , and first since January 2011 .	Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal among stars to pay tribute to Brad Drewett ATP 's former president passed away on Friday after battle with illness Federer will be defending his title at the Madrid Masters this week Serena Williams begins defense of her title in women 's event with win on Sunday
CNN  -- Former world number one Venus Williams came through an injury scare to defeat Sandra Zahlavova 6-7 6-0 6-4 , in the second-round of the Australian Open on Wednesday . The fourth-seed Williams had not lost a set to the Czech in any of their four previous meetings , but Zahlavova remedied that when she claimed the first thanks to a tie break . After falling behind , the 30-year-old Williams required treatment in the locker room after picking up a groin injury and returned with the area heavily strapped to win the final two sets of the match . Williams , who is playing in only her second tournament since the 2010 Wimbledon championships after struggling with a knee injury , recorded her win in three hours and one minute . "  I was n't very happy , to say the least , " the American said of her injury on the tournament 's website . "  I mean , with an injury like that , you just do n't know what to expect . I think what keeps me going is knowing that when I 'm healthy I play really , really well and knowing that I have so much good tennis in my body keeps me motivated . " The seven-time grand slam winner -- who wowed the crowds with another head-turning outfit -- will face Germany 's Andrea Petkovic in the third round after the 30th seed also came from behind to defeat Britain 's Anne Keothavong 2-6 7-5 6-0 . The fashion verve of Venus Williams Top-seed Caroline Wozniacki and 2004 champion Justine Henin had less complicated second rounds , with both winning in straight sets . World number one Wozniacki dispatched America 's Vania King in under an hour with a 6-1 6-0 win . "  I was playing aggressively , " the Dane told the WTA Tour 's website . "  I took the balls early and made her run , and had a couple of good net approaches . In general I played solid . " Wozniacki will next play Dominika Cibulkova , the Slovakian who beat her in Sydney last week . Cibulkova eliminated Alberta Brianti of Italy 6-1 4-6 6-2 . Belgian Henin , seeded 11th , beat British number one Elena Baltacha 6-1 6-3 at the Rod Laver Arena . The 28-year-old Henin has won seven majors and overcame Baltacha in 61 minutes , despite being troubled by an elbow injury . The Australian Open should be in February ! Henin 's next opponent will be former French and U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia . Kuznetsova , 25 , ended the hopes of Dutch qualifier Arantxa Rus with a 6-1 6-4 win on Show Court Two Russia 's Maria Sharapova is into the next round after a hard-fought 7-6  7-3  , 6-3 success over Virginie Razzano . Sharapova , a champion at Melbourne Park in 2008 , lost the opening three games of the match to her French opponent but bounced back to seal victory in little over two hours . "  Looking back , obviously you want to play faster matches with an easier score line , " Sharapova , 23 , said . "  That would be great , but it 's also good to play these types of matches where you 're put in a situation where you have to find a way to win , especially when your opponent is playing really well . " The 14th seed will meet 22-year-old Julia Goerges in the last 32 after the German eliminated 20th-seed Kaia Kanepi 6-4 3-6 6-4 .	Venus Williams recovers from one-set down to beat Sandra Zahlavova in Australia Caroline Wozniacki is also through after a straight-sets win at Australian Open Justine Henin beats British number one Elena Baltacha in 61 minutes
New York  CNN  -- The daughter of Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards was arrested after allegedly scrawling graffiti on a building in a Manhattan neighborhood Tuesday night , according to police . Theodora Richards , 25 , was also slapped with drug charges after police found her carrying marijuana while writing "  T  heart  A " with a paint marker in the city 's Soho district , said a New York Police Department spokeswoman who declined to be named . Richards , who has modeled for brands like Burberry and French Connection , was charged with two counts of making graffiti , possession of a graffiti-making instrument , criminal possession of a controlled substance and unlawful possession of marijuana . Richards is the daughter of model Patti Hansen and the Rolling Stones icon who gained international fame not only for his music , but also for years of drug use and multiple scrapes with the law .	The daughter of Keith Richards is arrested for scrawling graffiti and drug possession Theodora Richards was found carrying marijuana while writing with a paint marker
CNN  -- When Katy Wilson was born with Down syndrome , doctors told her mother that the infant likely would never walk or talk . Katy Wilson says she wants her athletic successes to surprise people and give them hope . She sure showed them . Wilson , now 29 , has won two international gold medals in the Special Olympics for her gymnastic abilities . She turns cartwheels for her floor routine and does acrobatics on the balance beam . She also goes on public speaking tours . "  Most of all , I love doing speeches because I want them -LSB- the audience -RSB- to be surprised just how good my speeches are , " she said by phone . Wilson 's story -- and countless other stereotype-bending stories like it -- is possible in part because of the dogged vision of Eunice Kennedy Shriver and the Special Olympics organization she founded more than four decades ago . Shriver , who died Tuesday , started the organization as a sports camp for special-needs kids and adults in her backyard in Maryland in 1962 . The camp , in part , was inspired by the life of Shriver 's sister , Rosemary Kennedy , who had an intellectual disability . The Special Olympics has grown from that small camp into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes with Down syndrome , autism and other intellectual disabilities compete for medals in an array of sports . Her legacy will live in the stories of hope and against-the-odds success she made possible through the Special Olympics . See photos of Eunice Kennedy Shriver " "  She helped forever alter how people with intellectual disabilities are viewed and treated and respected , " said Amie Dugan , a spokeswoman for the Special Olympics . "  This is a population that 40 years ago they were beyond marginalized . They were disenfranchised from society . "  It was considered the status quo ... to put them in an institution and never think about that again . And she changed all of that . She brought them out into the light . " An estimated 200 million people in the world live with intellectual disabilities . That population was largely unseen and voiceless in 1968 when Shriver stepped to the microphone to announce the start of the first Special Olympic Games at Chicago 's Soldier Field . "  In ancient Rome , the gladiators went into the arena with these words on their lips , " she told the 1,000 athletes in the stadium . " ` Let me win , but if I can not win , let me be brave in the attempt . ' " In 2007 , the most recent Special Olympics World Summer Games were held in Shanghai , China . More than 7,000 athletes competed . The sports competitions are held in the winter and summer on four-year intervals , just like the Olympic Games ; people from countries as far-flung as Tunisia , Rwanda and Sri Lanka participate in events that include skiing , volleyball and track and field . Before the program , people with intellectual disabilities were only told what they could not accomplish , said David Tolleson , executive director of the National Down Syndrome Congress . "  Special Olympics emphasizes what folks can do , and it does it in a manner that 's fun and exciting and it offers a sense of community both within the family of those with developmental disabilities as well as with the greater community at large -- the volunteers who come in and have some of their misconceptions or preconceptions cast aside when they realize how much people with developmental disabilities truly are capable of , " he said . The program continues to expand its global reach , but in many places , people with intellectual disabilities lack basic human rights , said Dugan . Thomas Webb , a Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. . Foundation fellow who studies public policy and intellectual disability , said it 's still a challenge in the United States to integrate people with disabilities into mainstream society . No one knows all of the solutions , but Shriver and the Special Olympics have had "  significant impact " on peoples ' lives , he said . Coming from the athletic Kennedy family , Shriver realized the wide-ranging benefits of sports , said Dugan . "  It 's just a fun way to bring people with intellectual disabilities and their non-disabled peers together , " she said , "  because everyone enjoys competition and fun and exercise and getting out there . " The fun translates into experience that helps Special Olympians build communities of friends and succeed in the workplace , advocates and athletes said . Melissa Stokes , 26 , started playing sports with the Special Olympics when she was 8 . She now is a volunteer Special Olympics ski coach in the Denver area and works as an assistant at the Special Olympics of Colorado office . "  We 're like a little family , " she said of her ski team . She added : "  Because we have special needs does n't mean we ca n't do stuff . We can still accomplish a lot . " More than half of Special Olympians in the U.S. are employed , according to the organization , compared with an estimated 10 percent of the intellectually disabled population at large . Jeanne Wilson , the mother of the gymnast with Down syndrome , started tearing up when she recounted the moment she saw her daughter -- whose future once looked so uncertain -- standing atop an awards podium with a gold medal draped around her neck . "  It was just amazing because that really gave her confidence . And I do n't think people realize how much it means to a young person who you might have thought did not have a future or might not ever have a chance to walk , " she said . "  To see her doing a routine on balance beam or a floor routine is pretty amazing . " Katy Wilson , who lives in Gainesville , Georgia , continues to train as a gymnast . She also goes bowling with a group of Special Olympians most Fridays . They call themselves the Alley Kats , and Wilson describes the bowlers as some of her best friends . "  I love bowling because it is so much fun being out there being able to have friends , " she said . "  It 's exciting to do bowling because I get a lot of scores . " When she 's not in training , Wilson works at a steakhouse as a hostess . "  I get their coffee , I get their bread , I get their drinks , I do the silverware , I sweep up , I do the hostess , " she said . "  Oh , I love the job because everybody 's so nice to me , especially the managers , they give me hope and they 're so excited to have me there and I 'm so happy to be there with them . " As a global ambassador for the Special Olympics , Wilson tours the country telling people about her life story . She says she hopes it reminds them that everyone can succeed with a positive attitude . She grew up watching her sister do cartwheels as a cheerleader . She modeled her life in her sister 's image , but she forged a life that 's all her own .	Eunice Kennedy Shriver started Special Olympics in her backyard in 1962 Special Olympics has grown into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes An estimated 200 million people live with intellectual disabilities worldwide Says one athlete : "  Because we have special needs does n't mean we ca n't do stuff '
CNN  A late goal saved Ivory Coast 's blushes as they secured a draw against Mali in the Africa Cup of Nations Saturday , keeping them on course for the a place in the quarter finals . Mali had taken an early lead after striker Bakary Sako , who plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers in the English Championship , superbly powered home a right foot volley from close range . The goal looked to have been enough for Mali , who defended stoutly against an Ivory Coast team featuring the likes of Manchester City 's Yaya Toure and Wilfried Bony . Equalizer But The Elephants pushed hard for an equalizer . Winger Max-Alain Gradel clinched it , scoring with seven minutes remaining . The Ivory Coast are now top of the group on two points with one game to play . Despite the late goal , Ivory Coast 's French coach Herve Renard , a previous winner of the tournament as coach of Zambia , was not happy with some of the officiating , especially a first half penalty appeal for a foul on Wilfried Bony . Renard unhappy "  I wo n't talk about anything but I was not upset against my players . I think you are able to understand against what I was upset , but now it is too late to talk about that , " Renard cryptically told AFP . "  I do n't like to create controversy after . All that leads to is being suspended . I need to remain calm , " he added . "  There were lots more good things today than in the first match but unfortunately we went behind early on . Once again we struggled at the start of the game . I think if you look at the statistics , they did n't have many shots on goal . " All square Group D 's other two teams , Cameroon and Guinea , played out an entertaining 1-1 draw . Cameroon took the lead rather fortuitously when a Benjamin Moukandjo corner went straight in before a goal by the highly rate Ibrahima Traore before half time leveled the match . The group is now delicately poised going into the final round of games , with all four teams on two points after four consecutive 1-1 draws .	Ivory Coast score late equalizer against Mali Wolves ' Bakary Sako gave Mali early lead CIV 's Gradel scored with seven minutes left
WIRED  -- Hackers who commandeer your computer are bad enough . Now scientists worry that someday , they 'll try to take over your brain . Scientists can use brain signals to control computers -- hands free . In the past year , researchers have developed technology that makes it possible to use thoughts to operate a computer , maneuver a wheelchair or even use Twitter -- all without lifting a finger . But as neural devices become more complicated , and go wireless , some scientists say the risks of "  brain hacking " should be taken seriously . "  Neural devices are innovating at an extremely rapid rate and hold tremendous promise for the future , " said computer security expert Tadayoshi Kohno of the University of Washington . "  But if we do n't start paying attention to security , we 're worried that we might find ourselves in five or 10 years saying we 've made a big mistake . " Hackers tap into personal computers all the time . But what would happen if they focused their nefarious energy on neural devices , such as the deep-brain stimulators used to treat Parkinson 's and depression , or electrode systems for controlling prosthetic limbs ? According to Kohno and his colleagues , who published their concerns July 1 in Neurosurgical Focus , most devices carry few security risks . But as neural engineering becomes more complex and more widespread , the potential for security breaches will mushroom . "  It 's very hard to design complex systems that do n't have bugs , " Kohno said . "  As these medical devices start to become more and more complicated , it gets easier and easier for people to overlook a bug that could become a very serious risk . It might border on science fiction today , but so did going to the moon 50 years ago . " Some might question why anyone would want to hack into someone else 's brain , but the researchers say there 's a precedent for using computers to cause neurological harm . In November 2007 and March 2008 , malicious programmers vandalized epilepsy support Web sites by putting up flashing animations , which caused seizures in some photo-sensitive patients . "  It happened on two separate occasions , " said computer science graduate student Tamara Denning , a co-author on the paper . "  It 's evidence that people will be malicious and try to compromise peoples ' health using computers , especially if neural devices become more widespread . " In some cases , patients might even want to hack into their own neural device . Unlike devices to control prosthetic limbs , which still use wires , many deep brain stimulators already rely on wireless signals . Hacking into these devices could enable patients to "  self-prescribe " elevated moods or pain relief by increasing the activity of the brain 's reward centers . Despite the risks , Kohno said , most new devices are n't created with security in mind . Neural engineers carefully consider the safety and reliability of new equipment , and neuroethicists focus on whether a new device fits ethical guidelines . But until now , few groups have considered how neural devices might be hijacked to perform unintended actions . This is the first time an academic paper has addressed the topic of "  neurosecurity , " a term the group coined to describe their field . "  The security and privacy issues somehow seem to slip by , " Kohno said . "  I would not be surprised if most people working in this space have never thought about security . " Kevin Otto , a bioengineer who studies brain-machine interfaces at Purdue Universty , said he was initially skeptical of the research . "  When I first picked up the paper , I do n't know if I agreed that it was an issue . But the paper gives a very compelling argument that this is important , and that this is the time to have neural engineers collaborate with security developers . " It 's never too early to start thinking about security issues , said neural engineer Justin Williams of the University of Wisconsin , who was not involved in the research . But he stressed that the kinds of devices available today are not susceptible to attack , and that fear of future risks should n't impede progress in the field . "  These kinds of security issues have to proceed in lockstep with the technology , " Williams said . History provides plenty of examples of why it 's important to think about security before it becomes a problem , Kohno said . Perhaps the best example is the Internet , which was originally conceived as a research project and did n't take security into account . "  Because the Internet was not originally designed with security in mind , " the researchers wrote , "  it is incredibly challenging -- if not impossible -- to retrofit the existing Internet infrastructure to meet all of today 's security goals . " Kohno and his colleagues hope to avoid such problems in the neural device world , by getting the community to discuss potential security problems before they become a reality . "  The first thing is to ask ourselves is , ` Could there be a security and privacy problem ? ' " Kohno said . "  Asking ` Is there a problem ? ' gets you 90 percent there , and that 's the most important thing . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Scientists can use thoughts to operate computers , wheelchairs and Twitter As tech develops , risk of "  brain hacking " become more real , scientists say Neurosurgical Focus article says risks are slim now But security "  should proceed in lockstep with the technology , " expert says
CNN  -- The White House insists that it was entirely former Sen. Tom Daschle 's decision to withdraw his nomination , but some observers say he did n't have a choice . Tom Daschle said Tuesday that he 's stepping aside as the nominee for secretary of health and human services . Despite the controversy over his tax records and his work in a field that some consider lobbying , Daschle was expected to be confirmed . His withdrawal shocked Capitol Hill , and Democratic colleagues expressed regret over his decision . "  I think one of the major factors had to be that the political climate has changed radically just in the last couple of weeks , " CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry said . President Obama ripped Wall Street executives last week for their "  shameful " decision to hand out $ 18 billion in bonuses in 2008 while accepting federal bailout money . The next day , news broke that Daschle had n't paid his taxes in full . Daschle said Monday that he was "  deeply embarrassed " for a series of errors that included failing to report $ 15,000 in charitable donations , unreported car service and more than $ 80,000 in unreported income from consulting . Daschle recently filed amended tax returns and paid more than $ 140,000 in back taxes and interest for 2005-07 . "  That , in this political climate , really tripped up Tom Daschle because it looked awful politically for this White House , " Henry said . In an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday , Obama said he made a mistake in handling the nomination of Daschle . "  I think I screwed up . And , I take responsibility for it and we 're going to make sure we fix it so it does n't happen again . "  Ultimately , I campaigned on changing Washington and bottom-up politics , " Obama said . "  And I do n't want to send a message to the American people that there are two sets of standards -- one for powerful people and one for ordinary folks who are working every day and paying their taxes . " At a news conference Tuesday afternoon , press secretary Robert Gibbs insisted that the White House did not pressure Daschle to step down . Watch Gibbs answer questions about Daschle 's move " Pressed on whether Daschle was given any sort of signal to resign , Gibbs said , "  I do n't know how much more clear I could be . The decision was Sen. Daschle 's . " A Daschle ally familiar with his thinking said Tuesday that he was not aware of any White House pressure on the former Senate majority leader to withdraw his nomination . Asked whether Daschle was pushed , the source said , "  things do n't work that cleanly . " The issue was not whether Daschle could "  survive " ; it was what that process "  would do to Obama " and his health care reform and economic agenda . It 's a question of the "  price of that confirmation , " he said . The source said Daschle read the Tuesday New York Times editorial urging him to withdraw from consideration but would not say whether that might have played a part in his decision . "  Tom has been a politician for a very long time , " the source said . "  He understands this town . He made a mistake ; he apologized , but timing matters . There was a critical mass building . " Obama senior adviser David Axelrod said he thought Daschle made the decision Tuesday morning . "  I have to believe that Sen. Daschle having spent as many years as he has up here had a clear picture that there was going to be a delay , and I think he did n't want to contribute to that . In announcing his withdrawal , Daschle said it was an honor to be chosen to lead the reform of America 's health care system . "  But if 30 years of exposure to the challenges inherent in our system has taught me anything , it has taught me that this work will require a leader who can operate with the full faith of Congress and the American people , and without distraction , " he said in a statement . "  Right now , I am not that leader and will not be a distraction . " Mark Preston , CNN 's political editor , pointed out that Daschle has a "  history of making 11th-hour decisions . " Six years ago , Daschle made a last-minute decision not to run for president after he had been all set to go . "  I think that the Tom Daschle we saw yesterday was all set to go , and then the pressure started mounting ... and then he decided to pull out , " Preston said . Although he was expected to be confirmed , it was also expected that he 'd have to undergo a bruising confirmation hearing that could have led to negative headlines for Obama . As news broke of the withdrawal , some senators said they were sad to see Daschle step aside , but others said it was the right thing to do . "  I 'm in shock . I did n't know that . I do n't know what happened , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . "  I talked to him ... the night before last , and he showed no signs of withdrawing . " Feinstein praised Daschle as rare person who could get something like health care through the Senate and said she wishes he had not withdrawn . "  I have great faith in him . " Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , said Daschle "  did a service to President Obama " by stepping aside . "  I think it really would have looked bad for the Senate to close ranks around a fellow member and sort of reinforce the idea that they were going to protect a member as part of the good ol' boys club , " he said . Daschle has a lengthy history with members of Congress . He represented South Dakota in the House of Representatives for four terms , and he served in the Senate for three terms . He was the Senate majority leader from June 2001 to January 2003 and served as the minority leader before losing his re-election bid in 2005 . Sen. John Ensign , R-Nevada , said Daschle "  saved the president from being embarrassed " by withdrawing . Watch Republicans weigh in on the move " Sen. Max Baucus , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , said he was "  a little stunned " by Daschle 's decision . "  I thought he was going to get confirmed . I thought -- he 's a good man , and I thought he 'd be confirmed . I 'm surprised , " said Baucus , D-Montana . Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , insisted that Daschle had owned up to his mistakes . "  He 's made his decision , I respect his decision , and we go on from there , " Kerry said . Daschle 's resignation came hours after Nancy Killefer 's withdrawal as Obama 's chief performance officer , a new post in the administration . Officials said privately the reason for Killefer 's withdrawal was unspecified tax issues . The much-touted post was designed to scrub the federal budget . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Candy Crowley and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	NEW : Political climate tripped up Daschle , says CNN 's Ed Henry Source says Daschle was worried about what his confirmation would do to Obama Senators say they did not see the withdrawal coming Daschle 's nomination questioned due to tax problems , work in recent years
London  CNN  -- Garett Hickling 's personal motto is , "  No fear -- give 110 % " -- and he certainly lives up to it . Despite having broken his neck in a 300-foot cliff fall that killed one of his friends , the 41-year-old Canadian is a legendary figure in the brutal Paralympic sport of wheelchair rugby -- or "  murderball " as it was originally named . Teams are 12-strong but only four wheelchair athletes are allowed at any time on the court , which is similar to a basketball space , with the basic aim of crossing into the scoring zone at either end while carrying the ball . Contact between wheelchairs is allowed -- and frequent -- while players often get tipped out of their chairs as the action is fast and furious . Hickling , who took up the sport in 1993 , is one of its leading players and has the scars to boot . He had to have his neck realigned in 2004 , ripped his left tricep in 2008 and last year separated his right shoulder . He has been MVP many times at major international competitions with Canada , including the 2002 world championships in Sweden , where he led his country to the gold medal . Canada won a bronze medal when wheelchair rugby was introduced to the Paralympics in 1996 as an exhibition sport , and then placed fourth when it gained full status at the 2000 Sydney Games . Silver and bronze medals have followed in Athens and Beijing for Hickling and his teammates . Broken neck Hickling was brought up in British Columbia and played "  pretty much any sport imaginable , " including ice hockey , baseball and football . But in February 1987 came the accident which was to leave him in a wheelchair . Out with friends , tragedy struck when they fell down a 300-foot cliff . One died , the other suffered severe injuries , and Hickling broke his neck . Determined not to let his disability curtail his sporting activities , Hickling initially took up wheelchair basketball and road hockey , but it was a meeting with Duncan Campbell , one of the Canadian founders of wheelchair rugby , which changed his life . "  He got me to come out , hit my first guy -- knocked him out of his chair -- and have n't looked back since , " Hickling told CNN 's Human to Hero series . That was in 1993 , when he was 23 , and he has now been competing at the top level for nearly 20 years . North American rivalry For much of that period , Canada 's players have been battling with their neighbors in the United States for global supremacy in wheelchair rugby . In the five world championships held since 1995 , the U.S. has come out on top four times , with Canada 's 2002 triumph in Gothenburg breaking that chain . But the most recent championships on home courts in Vancouver saw Hickling and his teammates back in fifth spot . Despite that setback , he still relishes the competition , particularly against the Americans . "  There 's definitely a little bit of rivalry there because the U.S has been ranked number one for many , many years , " he said . "  There 's definitely a rivalry because we want to be there , and being such close neighbors we compete against each other a lot . " But with the growing popularity of the sport , other countries are muscling in on the medal action . Golden dream Heading into the 2012 Paralympics in London , which begin in late August two weeks after the Olympics finish , Hickling believes that the destination of the gold medal is no foregone conclusion , despite the traditional U.S. domination . "  Now , it 's anybody 's game . In these Olympics you actually do n't know who 's going to win , " he said . The result of the Paralympic test event in London last month would appear to back up Hickling 's assertion , with Australia beating hosts Great Britain in the final . Canada claimed the bronze medal , beating Sweden , but all the matches were close and high-scoring affairs . In the likely autumn of his outstanding career , Hickling is desperate to add gold to his collection , having come so close in Athens and Beijing . "  I 've always enjoyed rugby but my ultimate is to go for that gold , " he said . "  That helps motivate me , makes me train harder , makes us go out six or seven days a week and try to be in the best shape we can be and ready to go out there and pound some chairs . " Sporting philosophy As Hickling 's motto suggests , he is not an athlete who leaves anything on the court . "  I try to give 110 % no matter what I do , whether it 's writing a paper or trying to hit a guy ... you know ? It 's give it all you got , whenever you can . " Despite his uncompromising attitude , Hickling has made many friends off the court , even among his American rivals . "  We do go out and have a drink or social after wards with the guys , but when it 's on the court , it 's game on ! "	Garet Hickling is one of the top players in wheelchair rugby The 41-year-old Canadian will be targeting gold at the 2012 Paralympics Hickling broke his neck in a fall in 1987 which killed one of his friends He is renowned for his robust play in a sport once named "  murderball "
CNN  -- If Super Bowl Sunday is a day you look forward to with great anticipation each year , if it is a day that you equate with excitement and good times , there 's something you should know : You may have a politician to thank for your happy feelings . On the other hand , if Super Bowl Sunday is a day you dread each year , if you are dismayed by the notion that the day has turned into a lockstep secular holiday during which most of the nation seems hypnotized for hours on end , there 's something you should know : You may have a politician to blame for your grumpy feelings . In both cases , it 's the same politician : President Theodore Roosevelt . A persuasive argument can be made that , were it not for what Roosevelt did during a meeting in the White House toward the end of 1905 , football as we know it today would not be a part of American life . There never would have been a National Football League -- at least not the wildly popular NFL that has become such a sports , business and cultural institution -- and Americans would almost certainly be spending Super Bowl Sunday in a completely different way . Here 's the short version of what happened : Early in the 20th century , football , as played on college gridirons , was something close to a street fight . The rules were lax at best , and were routinely ignored . During the 1905 season alone , 18 college and amateur players died . And despite the growing violence  or , who knows , maybe because of the growing violence  , fans were flocking to the games -- the sport was gaining followers . So , if the fans liked what they were seeing , what was the problem ? The problem was that a serious movement was afoot to ban the sport -- to get rid of football . Remember , the NFL did not exist -- the college game was the top level of the sport . Harvard 's president , Charles W. Eliot , was leading the charge to abolish football , and it began to look as if he and his allies had a chance of doing just that . To give you an idea of just how seriously the get-rid-of-football movement was being taken , the New York Times ran an editorial expressing concern over "  Two Curable Evils " in American life : lynchings and football . Enter Theodore Roosevelt . There is ample historical documentation of what Roosevelt did , but as my guide through the thicket that football entered and from which it eventually emerged and thrived , I sought the assistance of author John J. Miller , whose meticulously researched book , "  The Big Scrum : How Teddy Roosevelt Saved Football , " is the gold standard . Roosevelt , Miller told me , loved football , but had never played the game -- by the time he was president , Roosevelt cut a brawny , outdoorsmanlike , Hemingwayesque figure  well , Hemingway had n't been heard of in those years , but you get the picture  , yet as a boy he was small , sickly and wore eyeglasses . When he was serving in the White House and football was under fire , he wanted the game to survive , "  but he realized that the critics had a point . ... He loved the sport and thought it was great , but he recognized there was a threat to it . ... He was concerned that we would lose the game . " Thus , Roosevelt convened a meeting in the White House of the most influential men in college football . Present were Walter Camp , the leading figure in the formative years of the game , as well as representatives from Harvard , Princeton and Yale . According to Miller , Roosevelt told them : "  Football is on trial . Because I believe in the game , I want to do all I can to save it . " He impressed on them that genuine , substantive changes must be instituted . Miller said that Roosevelt did not use the "  big stick " -- he did not threaten and he did not pound the table . "  I see nothing but levelheadedness on Roosevelt 's part , " Miller said . "  He was a great politician . He knew how to negotiate and make a point . "  Roosevelt , after all , would win the Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating a treaty between Russia and Japan , who went to war in 1904  . With the football men , Miller told me , Roosevelt certainly had "  sufficient skills to bring people to the table and bring concessions and agreement . " He got it . There was some resistance during and after the meeting , but eventually football 's leaders would agree to get rid of many of the elements that had turned the sport into all-but-unregulated brutality . Rugby-style mass formations , and gang tackling , were outlawed ; the distance needed for a first down was changed from five yards to ten , which made it essential to come up with plays that did n't necessarily go straight through the center of the line ; a neutral zone was instituted at the line of scrimmage ; and -- most important -- a new kind of play was put into the rulebook : The forward pass . "  It revolutionized the game , " Miller said . "  It spread out the action . It opened up the field . " Football became more thrilling to watch ; the college game boomed , the NFL was born . Speaking of which : With today 's new concerns about football violence and long-term injuries , could a president in the 21st century convene a meeting to try to accomplish what Roosevelt did ? John Miller doubts it . "  One reason a president of the United States might not get involved is fear of public failure , " he said . There was no Internet when Roosevelt brought the football men to the White House ; there was no television ; there were no radios in American homes . He had been able to pull the whole thing off relatively quietly . If football leaders were called to the White House today , the whole country would know it in advance , and for any president , "  the risk of getting involved at that level is the risk of not succeeding . " So , I asked , on Super Bowl Sunday , what is the proper way to regard Teddy Roosevelt ? It 's simple , Miller said : "  He was football 's indispensable fan . " Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says we may have Theodore Roosevelt to thank for football as we know it He says lax rules and high injury in the early 1900 's prompted a call to ban the sport He says Roosevelt intervened to persuade teams to formalize rules , hence cutting injury Greene : Expert writer on the subject says not likely a president today could pull this off
CNN  -- American Robby Gordon faces disqualification from the Dakar Rally after stewards recommended his removal from the race because his Hummer 's engine does not conform to regulations . The 43-year-old appeared the main challenger to car leader Stephane Peterhansel after winning both Monday and Tuesday 's stages , cutting the French driver 's advantage to almost six minutes . However , the ultimate decision over Gordon 's fate rests with the French Automobile Sport Federation  FFSA  , who must deliver their verdict within two months , although the loser could still appeal to motorsport 's global governing body , the FIA , should he be thrown out of the race . The stewards believe that Gordon 's modifying of the ventilation system , linked to his engine , improves its performance level -- a claim he denies . That appeal allowed Gordon to continue racing in the 377-kilometer 10th stage from Iquique to Arica in Chile , although his hopes took a further knock as he subsequently lost 15 minutes to stage winner Nani Roma of Spain after suffering damage to his car . "  I hit a rock with both right-side tires and , as you can see , this wheel is way out , so we 've got some broken parts , " Gordon told reporters . Roma 's victory means he leapfrogs Gordon into second place overall , a massive 19 minutes and five seconds behind fellow Mini driver Peterhansel . Gordon is another 46 seconds adrift in third with just four stages remaining . Former motorbike star Peterhansel is bidding for a remarkable 10th overall win in the race and a fourth in the car section . Meanwhile , just 16 seconds now separate KTM riders Cyril Despres and Marc Coma in the motorcycle section after Wednesday 's stage , which was won by Joan Barreda Bort . Defending champion Coma finished second to his fellow Spaniard on the day , while France 's Despres came home fourth . "  It 's the tone that 's been set for the rally and I think we 'll keep on battling until the end , " Roma told reporters . Both riders have won the race three times , alternating victory between each other over the last six seasons .	Robby Gordon is facing disqualification from this year 's Dakar Rally Stewards want to throw the American out of the race over his Hummer 's engine Marc Coma now just 16 seconds behind Cyril Despres in motorcycle section
New Orleans  CNN  -- When George Clinton enters the room , I wonder if I should salute him with an "  Atomic Dog " bark or hug him . The 70-year-old architect of P-Funk does n't look his age and today he 's dressed in his signature hat , shades and jeans . He greets me with a warm smile . I return it . My mission is to learn the secret to his longevity . He 's still performing and touring after all , something he 's done since the 1950s . Initially his hoarse voice alarms me . I silently remind myself of his age . When I ask him , as I always do of my Red Chair guests , to introduce himself on camera , his voice transforms immediately . He barks loudly and deeply . You Parliament-Funkadelic fans know what I mean . When he relives some of his greatest hits -- "  I Wan na Testify , " "  Maggot Brain , " " One Nation Under a Groove , " "  Chocolate City , " and "  Flash Light " -- he is animated . His stories are so visual , I too can see the band and him onstage . "  Every 10 years , we had a big hit , " he reflects . Clinton is known for rebranding . He would change the lead , the look and name of his bands with the times to great success . I ask what encouraged him between decades . He gives credit to his numerous band mates throughout the years . Bootsy Collins is among them . It is clear he still misses the band members who have died , too . He reminisces about the man known for wearing a diaper on stage , "  Diaperman " Gary Shider . Clinton had known him since 1953 . He died in June 2010 . He and Eddie Hazel had been friends even longer , since 1950 . He was the lead guitarist for Funkadelic . He died in 1992 . Clinton also says his music and fans have kept him going . Although he used to straighten people 's hair when he was a teenager , he can not imagine a life doing anything else but music . Clinton 's songs are among the most sampled . He tirelessly fights to protect artists ' work . Piracy is the word he uses most often during our interview . He has advice for others wanting to get into the business . He says he would be hypocritical if he said to not abuse drugs . " ` No ' is the greatest aphrodisiac in the world , " he said . "  If you tell a kid to not do something , well , guess what he will do . " He acknowledges he , too , may have made better decisions if he had been on top of his game . "  It 's hard for him to do -LSB- drugs -RSB- and pay attention to the money , " he says . Clinton says he is healthy , has energy and hopes to do what he loves best for years to come .	CNN sits down with George Clinton for a Red Chair interview The P-Funk mastermind says his music and fans have kept him going He pursues piracy issues and tirelessly fights to protect artists ' work
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- We could n't have traveled farther to see the same thing . We were returning to the United States from Haiti -- where every turn continues to unveil another human tragedy even six weeks after the January 12 earthquake -- when we were redirected to Chile . An 8.8-magnitude quake had struck the area around Chile 's capital , a seismic event 800 times more powerful than the one in Haiti . Getting there was half the story . We took off from Miami , Florida , knowing the airport in Santiago was closed , so our aim was to get as close as we could . That set off a journey that would last 48 hours . We flew to Panama , Lima , Sao Paolo , Buenos Aires and Bariloche , then began a very long drive through the Patagonia region of Argentina , into Chile and north into the earthquake zone . We were followed by an enormous full moon and skimpy clouds that danced along the skyline . This region seems too lovely to be the scene of any tragedy . Its tall green mountains peaked with whitecaps and broad lakes give way to fields and sparkly beaches . South America had summer vacation until it was interrupted by this disaster . And it is , in a word , a disaster . Haiti , with its death toll and great suffering , sets the bar very high right now for what you can call a tragedy . But there is nothing inconsequential about hundreds of people dying , crushed in their own homes or swept away by a frantic sea . Chile has had very powerful earthquakes before and is a modern and wealthy place compared with Haiti . But as we drove up through Ozoro , Las Violetas , Los Angeles and other lovely farming towns , we saw chunks of roadway and roofs fallen away , fractured bridges , people camped in tents among their cows . Every Chilean we spoke to talked about how the previous earthquakes had pushed anyone with means to rebuild their homes or find new ones designed to withstand strong shaking . People here know what to do . But the sight of military convoys and ambulances told the story of what 8.8 can do . An ambulance driver in Los Angeles said there had been dozens of aftershocks , many powerful enough to add to the rising toll of injured and dead in towns without many large structures . They were overwhelmed and being dispatched to Concepcion , where a large population and tall structures meant more severe injuries . There , we found looting and people walking the streets in search of water and gas . The largest buildings were missing entire walls , and glass had shorn off the sides . A light cold drizzle was getting everyone wet . The vacation period means a lot of young people are out being mochileros  backpackers  and are separated from families by distance and downed phone lines . They have heard the stories of beach towns swept away and houses upended and are hitching rides at gas stations , hoping to find a way to reunite . The aftershocks are like a rising tide here , a clear sign that this is not over , that the damage is not done . The farm stands and cottages of the back roads are crooked and empty ; the city centers look abandoned and on the brink . This country is not crying out for international assistance in the way Haiti did . It was prepared and has coping resources . This is a place that sends rescue workers to other countries because they 're so good at it . Yet its natural beauty and efficiency are not enough to diminish what connects these folks to Haiti -- that the people waiting for buses beside the blackberry fields along Panamericana Ruta 5 are running scared .	The quake that shook Chile was 800 times more powerful than the one that hit Haiti Country 's infrastructure built to withstand quakes , but death and destruction inescapable Reports : Dozens of aftershocks powerful enough to add to toll of injured and dead Wealthier and more prepared than Haiti , Chile and its people still share in the fear
CNN  -- It would be hard to claim surprise at the array of sanctions which were finally imposed on the Syrian regime in the last weeks , following months of seemingly endless warnings from friends and foes alike . Yet , judging by the reaction of various officials in Damascus , the regime does seem stunned by this shock to its system , having been living in denial about the evolving situation it created . From the apex of its fortunes only a couple of years ago to the most severe isolation modern Syria has ever witnessed , the regime of President Bashar al-Assad regime has single-handedly managed the feat which no other detractor achieved : bringing the entire country , and of course the regime itself , to a dead-end from which it can no longer extricate itself . While accustomed to U.S. sanctions since 1979 , Syria had never been simultaneously cut off from Europe , Turkey and the Arab world , while also facing the most determined popular uprising the Arab world has yet seen . For refusing to stop its mass military campaign of repression throughout the country , which none of the neighbors or friendly nations could continue to ignore while urging for the proverbial promised reforms , the Syrian regime is now faced with a heavy bill it has no way of paying . Taken separately , the various sets of sanctions could have been manageable , even if the hardships would still be passed on to the population under the usual empty slogans of sovereignty and resistance in the face of a global conspiracy . In response to the first set of EU sanctions , in fact , Foreign Minister Walid Muallem had told a press gathering that Syria would "  forget that Europe was on the map " and turn eastward for its business . When the sanctions reached the oil sector , the Syrian regime boasted it would sell its crude to China , India and other "  non-aligned " countries . However , with the increasing difficulties of dealing with a Central Bank under sanctions , even countries sympathetic to the Syrian regime have been unwilling to go through so much trouble just to acquire Syrian oil , which , to boot , is mostly a low-grade crude needing special refineries . With Europe wiped off the map , the 150,000 barrels per day output which used to be exported across the Mediterranean will be difficult to sell , with very significant financial repercussions for the regime - and that was before the Arab League finally decided to tighten the screws . It is possible that repeated warnings followed by recurring extensions of deadlines convinced the Syrian regime that Arab countries were bluffing , and that the legendary impotence of the Arab League would prevent real pressure from materializing ; this could explain al-Assad 's bloody intransigence , and his erroneous interpretation that he really still had a carte blanche to kill , literally , the growing popular uprising which was now supplemented by armed resistance from an increasing number of defected soldiers , grouping themselves to form the Free Syrian Army . When the announcement of sanctions finally fell on November 12 , even with additional deadlines allowing the regime to accept a set of conditions  including Arab monitors  which could save it from isolation , al-Assad and his advisers seemed unprepared . Instead of astutely accepting the offer to avoid greater seclusion , they decided to retreat into the usual conspiracy rhetoric while trying to buy time with complaints about protocols : this merely allowed the Arab League to ensure near unanimity in its decision to isolate al-Assad . All that remained was for Turkey to close the loop , and to carry out its own promise to punish the Syrian regime if it did not desist in what the UN has since described as crimes against humanity . As of this week , the Syrian regime is completely isolated , politically and financially . Even the reluctance of Lebanon and Iraq to apply full sanctions will be unlikely to make a big difference in Syria 's fortunes , especially as international pressure continues to mount . The impact of this isolation can not be exaggerated . While powerful allies such as Iran and Russia will try , for the time being , to pull their weight as they attempt to save the regime from its own folly , perhaps lending it limited financial support , a solid geographical reality imposes itself , cutting off Syria from most of the rest of the world . There is no doubt that these measures will also hurt those who imposed them , and this is one of the reasons why they were so long in coming . For Turkey , not only has the zero problem with neighbors policy been shattered , but the Arab world opening it had carefully nurtured will be negatively affected if transport trucks must now take a long diversion through Iraq . This will take time , effort and resources which had not been expected . The truth is that for all the propaganda spewed by the Syrian regime , few countries in the region want to see Syria completely isolated , if only for their own selfish reasons . Everyone is worried about potential civil strife and its effect on the region , but there is also an economic aspect : while losing trade with Syria might not make a difference to most neighbors , losing the trade route will . The battered Syrian population will only feel more hardship as it struggles to overcome this unprecedented period in recent history , and the sanctions will affect people , economically , socially and politically . Indeed , even Syrians who do not actively support the revolution will feel the pain of remaining silent while the al-Assad regime entrenches itself with increasing violence , if that were possible . Decades ago , the regime had been able to count on the population 's fear and on its acceptance of the broad argument of resistance in the face of imperialist aggression . Today , however , the imposed agony of sanctions coupled with the extreme brutality of the regime will probably push people to make a stand before it 's too late . The sooner this happens , the less likely the possibility of civil strife or of intervention in Syria . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rime Allaf	Syrian officials appear shocked by sanctions , despite endless warnings The ban on oil sales will have significant financial repercussions The regime is now isolated politically and economically The sanctions , coupled with state brutality , could lead to unrest
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba 's government declared Tuesday that health workers had eradicated a cholera outbreak that infected 417 people and killed three , according to a statement from the country 's Health Ministry . In early July , Cuba said the sometimes fatal water-borne illness had returned to the eastern part of the island . It was the first outbreak of the disease in Cuba in more than a century . Cuban doctors battle to control cholera outbreak Doctors were not certain how cholera was reintroduced to the island , but said that heavy rains that caused outhouses to flood into drinking wells were to blame for the disease 's rapid rate of transmission . Cholera , a bacterial infection of the small intestine , causes severe diarrhea and vomiting in infected people . During a visit by CNN in July to hospitals at the epicenter of the outbreak , doctors said they initially struggled with the surge of people sickened by the disease . "  They started coming in a few at a time , " said Julio Cesar Fonseca Rivero , director of the Celia Sanchez Manduley Hospital , the largest in Granma Province . That province was the hardest hit by the outbreak . "  The first day five came , and then eight . The most critical days were when there were 30 to 32 patients who arrived in a single day . " The disease , according to the World Health Organization , still infects between 3 million and 5 million people each year , killing between 100,000 and 120,000 . Cuban health officials said they responded to the outbreak by bringing in clean drinking water , closing down food stands in affected areas and setting up checkpoints on roads to keep people ill with the disease from traveling . Cuban leader Raul Castro mentioned the outbreak in a speech to the nation in late July , saying it had been brought under control . According to the Health Ministry statement released Tuesday , 10 days have passed since the last reported case of cholera .	The cholera outbreak hit Granma Province the hardest Doctors do n't know how the disease was reintroduced to the island nation 10 days have passed since the last reported case of cholera , officials say
CNN  -- Stretching out across the peaceful waters of the River Tweed in Peeblesshire , Scotland , the Dawyck Estate river crossing is an unlikely record breaker . Measuring 30 meters in length and made entirely out of waste plastic products , the newly completed structure is the world 's longest and sturdiest recycled bridge . Utilizing a super-strength composite plastic material -- engineered by researchers at Rutgers University from items as common as plastic bottles and household plastic waste -- the bridge caters for pedestrians , cars and heavy goods vehicles . The river span is one of five such structures now in existence , although all others are smaller and based in the U.S. , and can support weights of up to 44 tons . According to Vertech Composites , the British company behind the project , the bridge is a prototype that has the potential to meet future road and bridge requirements in an eco-friendly manner . "  There are currently significant bridge and river crossing needs in rural and countryside areas and there will only be more in years going forward , " says William Mainwaring , CEO of Vertech Composites . Mainwaring highlights the re-use of obsolete plastics that would otherwise be burned or sent to landfill sites as the primary environmental benefit of the bridge . He also adds that recycled composite plastic provides a more sustainable alternative to existing bridge construction materials and not as likely to degrade as steel , timber and concrete . "  This technology creates enhanced stiffness and strength that is ideal for structures like a bridge , " says Mainwaring . "  Once the bridge has completed its lifespan , the plastic can then be recycled again and used for other purposes , meaning it will never have to go to landfill , " he adds . Yet it could be many years before more of us are driving on plastic roads and bridges . "  The bridge in Peeblesshire has been built on private land , so it avoids the safety regulations  which as yet do not account for composite plastics  of the UK transport department , " says Professor Bob Lark , head of the School of Engineering at Cardiff University , which was involved in helping design the structural aspects of the Dawyck Estate project . Lark believes that overcoming existing legislative hurdles may take time as current building standards have been written around existing materials and do not take into account newly developed ones . However the technology has the potential to be used in other areas of construction sector in the meantime . Such spin-off opportunities have not escaped the attention of Vertech Composites , who are keen to find new and creative ways to use the plastic technology . "  We see the potential for the same recycled plastics to be used in road signage , advertising hoardings , as a replacement for plywood on building sites ... and in agriculture , which currently uses a huge amount of timber on the inside of livestock buildings , " says Mainwaring . "  These materials generally degrade much more quickly than plastic meaning there is an opportunity to improve efficiencies in a way that spares valuable raw materials and has a positive environmental impact , " he adds .	A bridge made entirely out of waste plastic has been built over the River Tweed in Scotland The structure is the world 's longest and sturdiest recycled bridge The company behind the venture hopes the prototype can meet future bridge building requirements
CNN  -- While President Barack Obama has made promoting rights for gays and lesbians worldwide a key foreign policy goal , that is little comfort to Ali Asseri , a former Saudi diplomat who is gay . Asseri is fighting a years-long battle for asylum in the United States , convinced his life will be in danger if he is forced to return home . The case presents a dilemma for the Obama administration as the President travels to Saudi Arabia to meet with King Abdullah amid a time of strained relations between the close allies . Saudi Arabia 's radical form of Islam mandates the death penalty for same-sex relations . "  I come from the darkest place on earth , " Asseri said in a phone interview from his home in West Hollywood . "  We are brainwashed that we have the best system and sharia law comes from god . But they teach us to hate others . I came to America to clear my mind . " Asseri grew up in a middle class conservative Saudi family , the middle child with three brothers and three sisters . His parents had little education and raised him and his brothers and sisters true to Saudi culture and religion . There was no music or TV . He did n't know for years that he was gay . By age 13 , he realized he was different than other boys his age , he just had no idea what that difference was . "  We do n't have any education about sex . You do n't know what gay means . You just know that you have feelings . You ca n't talk about it with anyone . According to the Koran they are a sin . I thought it would just go away . I just had feelings but you ca n't talk about it with any person . " As a law student , he considered a career as an attorney and took a job as a clerk for a judge in the Saudi court . After a few months , he quit . In a petition seeking asylum to the United States obtained by CNN , he wrote that "  unfair bias " in the treatment of cases in Saudi Arabia made it "  morally impossible for me to continue . " "  I was frequently upset and saddened by the system in general and the punishments given to the accused , " he wrote . Investigates sexuality For another year he worked as a trainee in the Bureau of Investigation and Prosecution , where he would check on the prisoners to see whether they were receiving proper treatment . He was forced by his managers to witness prisoners being lashed , which gave him bad dreams . He quit his job once again , frustrated with the harsh punishments and his inability to do anything to stop them . At that time he started to investigate his faith , religion and sexuality . "  Without these jobs I would n't be the same person now , " he said . "  I began to understand something is n't right about the way we practice religion . Something did n't feel good . I said to myself the only way you can have freedom is to be a diplomat and travel out of the country . " He joined the Foreign Ministry as a diplomat and got married to a Saudi woman , all the time hiding his feelings and dreaming of the day he could leave the country and live his life as an openly gay man . When his wife gave birth to his son , Fahad , Asseri tried one last time to give his arrangement a chance . But he found he could not keep up the charade and they divorced in 2004 . Asseri was transferred to the Saudi consulate in Los Angeles the next year . A double life Here , he writes in his asylum petition , "  I discovered the gay community , the gay culture and that I was in fact gay . " For four years he led a double life . By day , he was a traditional diplomat . By night , he visited gay bars and told friends he was from Italy or any other country than his own . Asseri 's two worlds collided in 2009 when he fell in love and moved into a West Hollywood apartment with his boyfriend . Finding happiness for the first time , he enjoyed an open social life in West Hollywood with his new friends . Soon his colleagues began to ask him about his life outside of work and started following him . When his passport expired and he submitted it for renewal , he received no reply . After several months , his office told him his time in the United States was up and he would have to return to Saudi Arabia . He began to fear he was found out . He called a friend in the foreign ministry in Riyadh , who told him indeed the Consul General sent a letter to the ministry stating he was gay and had information about his lifestyle . "  This is when I became really scared and paranoid , " he writes in his asylum petition . "  I was so scared they would do something to me physically . I was even afraid to go to my car thinking there could be a bomb in it . When I came home I had to check every closet . " He sent a letter to various news organizations saying he was being harassed by colleagues and he feared for his life . Fearing persecution He applied for asylum as a gay person who would face persecution if sent home . In more than eight hours of questioning , immigration officers focused on his jobs in the Saudi courts and Bureau of investigation . His bid for asylum was no common occurrence . The last Saudi diplomat to seek asylum was in 1994 , when Mohammed al-Khilewi , then first secretary for the Saudi mission to the United Nations , was granted asylum for publicly criticizing his country 's human rights record and alleged support for terrorism . Fourteen months later in October 2011 , the Department of Homeland Security denied Asseri 's application . In the rejection letter , obtained by CNN , the government says "  evidence indicates that you ordered , incited , assisted or otherwise participated in the persecution of others on account of race , religion , nationality , membership in a particular social group or political opinion . " The case went to automatic appeal . "  They interviewed him once and it took 14 months and it showed they were going for denial , " says Ali Ahmed , a Saudi dissident and activist that has been helping Asseri with his case . "  They used the reason that he worked for the courts to call him a human rights violator which is really bogus . " Obama on gay rights Two months later , Obama signed a Memorandum on International Initiatives to Advance the Human Rights of LGBT Persons . It included a program to protect gay refugees and asylum seekers , including "  ensuring the federal government has the ability to identify and expedite resettlement of highly vulnerable persons with urgent protection needs . " In the memo , Obama writes that the fight to end discrimination against LGBT people is "  a global challenge " and "  central to the United States ' commitment to promoting human rights . " "  I am deeply concerned by the violence and discrimination targeting LGBT persons around the world â $ " whether it is passing laws that criminalize LGBT status , beating citizens simply for joining peaceful LGBT pride celebrations , or killing men , women , and children for their perceived sexual orientation , " Obama said . In its most recent human rights report , the State Department said under sharia law in the Saudi Arabia , "  consensual same-sex conduct is punishable by death or flogging . " Ongoing case It was n't until this past February that Asseri was finally granted a hearing date for his appeal . At the court , the immigration officer offered him a deal to remain in the country permanently without possibility of asylum or a green card . Additionally , he could never leave the country . When he rejected the offer , the immigration officer applied for another continuance , saying she needed to submit more documents in the two-year case . He is now looking at a new hearing date in 2015 . Today , Asseri barely makes ends meet as a part-time security guard . He lives on couches at friends ' apartments in West Hollywood . His family has shunned him and his ex-wife wo n't allow him to talk to his son . As unbearable as his life in limbo is , he says returning to Saudi Arabia would be a death sentence . "  There is no question , " he says . "  If you go back and say I am gay and proud and I do n't believe in religion anymore . Under sharia law this is death . You will be happy if they kill you right away . " Ahmed , the Saudi activist , says Asseri is a victim of U.S. desires not to upset the Saudi monarchy . Asseri had been convinced that Obama 's stated commitment to gay rights would trump politics and keep him safe in the United States . "  When President Obama ran in 2008 I supported him . I cried for him , I encouraged my American friends to vote for him . Now I ca n't stand to watch him on TV , " he says . "  I 'm angry . He said he supports the rights of gay people , so why is this happening to me ? " The Saudi embassy in Washington and consulate in Los Angeles did not return phone calls . The Department of Homeland Security declined comment , saying asylum cases were confidential .	Former Saudi diplomat fighting battle for asylum in the United States , fears return home Case presents a dilemma for President Obama while in Saudi Arabia Saudi form of Islam mandates the death penalty for same-sex relations Obama has underscored efforts to end discrimination against LGBT people
Zurich , Switzerland  CNN  -- As rail travel grows ever more popular in Switzerland , the country 's most important rail station is undergoing a bold transformation to keep up with increasing demand . The Swiss are among the world 's top train travelers , second only to the Japanese . Last year , the average Swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail ; most of those journeys happened during the morning or evening rush hour . Passenger flows have increased by 30 % over the last seven years and 350,000 people now use Zurich 's central train station every day . "  You can say the Swiss are train addicts , " says Daniele Pallecchi , of Swiss Railways . He adds : "  Within the last seven years we had a big increase of passengers using the trains in Switzerland and here in Zurich as well and we need more capacity on the rails and on our trains . So we are building now the cross-city link . "  The cross-city link ensures bigger capacity and shorter time of traveling . " More video : How Swiss trains run like clockwork When finished , Zurich 's cross-city railway line will be over six miles long and will form an integral part of the Swiss network 's inter-city axis . It is Switzerland 's biggest urban project . At its heart is the new underground "  through " station -- or "  LÃ ¶ wenstrasse " -- built beneath the main station . Here , two new platforms will serve four tracks that will eventually be connected to the main train station . Over the past four years men and machines have been digging under two rivers and a fully functioning rail hub , creating a hole the size of two football fields . "  It 's the most challenging job you can imagine , " says project director Roland Kobel . "  It 's not only railways ... almost every section of engineering is realized here : we have tunneling , we have open cuts , we have deep borings . " Kobel says between 500 and 700 people are working on the project at any time , building below ground while the old station continues to function above . Swiss Railway reps say that while work on the cross-city link continues full bore , 98.5 % of passengers still reach their destination on time . It 's estimated that as many as half a million people will use the station each day by 2020 . That 's why the cross-city link is crucial : once completed , in 2014 , it will match that increase by doubling the capacity of the station .	Last year , the average Swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail Each day 350,000 people use Zurich 's central train station Zurich 's new cross-city rail link is Switzerland 's biggest urban project Cross-city link could double the station 's capacity
CNN  -- A former member of the radical 1970s group Symbionese Liberation Army is back in custody after a clerical error miscalculated her prison release date , a California Department of Corrections spokesman said Saturday . Sara Jane Olson wipes away a tear at a Los Angeles courthouse in 1999 . Sara Jane Olson was freed Monday . But her earliest release date is now March 17 , 2009 , Chief Deputy Secretary Scott Kernan said , calling the error "  an aberration . " "  Our department immediately rearrested her , and she will serve her full sentence , " Kernan said . He described Olson as cooperative and said the arrest took place "  without incident . " She will serve the year at the Central California Women 's Facility in Chowchilla , California . "  The department is sensitive to the impact such an error has had on all involved in this case and sincerely regrets the mistake , " Kernan said . Watch explanation for mistaken release " An investigation is under way to find out how the error happened , he added . Olson had served about six years behind bars for her role in incidents in 1975 : the attempted bombing of two police cars and the shooting death of a customer during a bank robbery . Prosecutors said she was part of an SLA plot to murder Los Angeles police officers by planting bombs under their squad cars . One of the cars was parked outside a crowded Hollywood restaurant . The bombs did not go off , and no one was hurt . The SLA is best known for its 1974 kidnapping of newspaper heiress Patty Hearst . A parole board hearing in 2004 reduced the sentence related to the attempted bombing charge , but "  an administrative error failed to take into account " the second-degree murder charge for the shooting death , Kernan said . David Nickerson , one of Olson 's attorneys , said he and co-counsel Shawn Chapman Holley intend to file a petition with Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday . Olson can not be treated as "  yo-yo " in regard to the law , he said . Chapman Holley called her return to custody "  ridiculous . " "  It 's like they make up all new rules when it comes to her , " Chapman Holley told The Associated Press . "  It 's like we are in some kind of fascist state . " The administrative error was verified late Saturday morning , Kernan said , after a thorough review of Olson 's case . He said "  concerns " about her release date prompted the review . Olson was taken into custody at Los Angeles International Airport on Friday night , Kernan said . Olson had been granted interstate parole and was on her way to Minnesota , where she lived for more than two decades as a fugitive before she was arrested in 1999 , Nickerson had said . From the Los Angeles airport , authorities took Olson to her home in Palmdale , California , where she remained until she was arrested midday Saturday , when the review was completed , Kernan said . Originally named Kathleen Soliah , Olson fled California after authorities began looking for her and then changed her name and lived for more than two decades as a fugitive before she was arrested in 1999 in Minnesota . She had married and was raising three daughters . Many residents rallied to Olson 's cause and helped post bail for her . But one group in California , the Los Angeles Police Protective League , denounced her release . "  She needs to serve her full time in prison for these crimes and does not deserve time off for working in prison , " the group said . "  After participating in one killing and attempting two more , she managed to elude authorities and live a guilt-free middle class life for decades . Criminals who attempt to murder police officers should not be able to escape justice simply because they have good lawyers . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Irving Last contributed to this report .	NEW : Sara Jane Olson 's attorney says she can not be treated as "  yo-yo " Ex-Symbionese Liberation Army member freed Monday after serving about six years California Department of Corrections says clerical error led to release Her earliest release date is now March 17 , 2009
CNN  -- Six Americans imprisoned in Honduras for nearly a month , accused of trying to smuggle weapons into the country , will have a new hearing to determine their fate , the ship 's captain said . Robert Mayne and his crew were arrested on May 5 after Honduran authorities boarded their ship and discovered a couple of handguns , two shotguns and a semiautomatic rifle . Mayne said the weapons are for his crew 's protection against would-be pirates on the high seas . He said judicial officials in rural eastern Honduras , where their ship entered the country , disagree . The case is being transferred to an appellate court , Mayne told CNN by phone from a prison in Puerto Lempira . The court will decide whether to throw out the case or hear arguments from both sides . "  Everyone tells us this would never happen in any other port in Honduras , " he said Sunday , expressing his frustration with the judge 's and state prosecutor 's interpretation of the law . "  We have the right to do it  carry arms  for protection on the high seas , " he added . Dangerous detention for six Americans in Honduras after weapons charges Mayne and his crew are treasure hunters for Florida-based Aqua Quest International . He said they always carry arms when sailing international waters and made clear to Honduran officials before their arrival that they would have weapons on their ship . They were in Honduras to work with local officials in the country 's impoverished , rural municipality of Ahuas to remove valuable mahogany logs from a nearby riverbed , remnants of decades of logging . He said profits from the sale of the recovered logs would be split between the salvage company and the municipality for a social project there .	Six Americans are accused of trying to smuggle weapons into Honduras on their ship The 2 handguns , 2 shotguns and a semiautomatic rifle seized are for defense , ship 's captain says He says an appellate court will decide whether to throw out the case or hear arguments The Americans say they aim to split profits from log salvaging with a Honduran municipality
Rivalry ? What rivalry ? Late-night talk show hosts Jay Leno and Jimmy Fallon , who 've been pitted against each other as rumors fly that NBC is mulling a changing of the guard , made light of their situation Monday night , by belting a show tune together . "  Tonight , tonight , who 's going to host ` Tonight ? ' Is it going to be Jimmy or Jay ? " the pair sang in a parody of "  Tonight " from the Broadway musical "  West Side Story . " The rumor mill has Fallon , 38 , taking over 62-year-old Leno 's job as host of NBC 's "  Tonight Show , " and Leno has responded with pointed barbs at his employer that have seen his ratings rise . "  In the news , they say I 'm replacing you , they think that I can woo , the demo , " Fallon sang . Leno responsed : "  So the network says , here 's an idea : pack your bags , take a hike , NBC-ya ! " We 're still friends , right ? The carefully choreographed bit capped a day-long NBC promotional blitz that included a 30-second teaser video on Fallon 's YouTube channel . A beleaguered Leno exits the "  Tonight Show " set in Los Angeles at the beginning of the four-minute skit , hounded by reporters asking him if the rumors of his demise are true . Meanwhile in New York , a pensive-looking Fallon , surrounded by speculative press clippings in his dressing room , gets a call from Leno . "  Hey kid , how you holding up ? " "  Okay , I guess , " Fallon answers . "  You ? " "  I 'll live . I 've been through this before you know , " Leno deadpans . "  I 've got to admit I 'm getting sick of all this . " Looking for reassurance , Fallon says : "  Jay , can I ask you something ? We 're still friends , right ? " Leno : "  Of course we 're still friends . " Cue the orchestra Confidence restored , Fallon breaks into song -- quickly followed by Leno -- with all the subtlety of , well , a show tune . Although the bit had the apparent blessing of the network , there were no sacred cows . Leno brags of his ratings , now at a seven-week high , even as NBC may be plotting to usher him off the air in favor of Fallon 's appeal to younger demographic groups . Talk about another network that might want to pick up a successful talk show host ? Sure . "  I 've got Fox on the line , " Leno croons . Maybe the comedians hate each other . Maybe they do n't . The entertainment press sure likes to pit the funnymen against each other . But does n't music make things better ? "  Tonight , tonight , why do they say we fight ? " the pair sang . "  I like you . You you like me . We 're okay . " Convinced ? A bit of controversy Rumors about Fallon supplanting Leno have been swirling since mid-March , when The New York Times ' Bill Carter reported that the network has made a commitment to Fallon in regards to him succeeding Leno . Yet according to Carter , Fallon 's future as the new host of "  Tonight " is n't a done deal as much as it 's an understanding . "  There 's no deal yet for the timetable of this , they have an understanding , " Carter told CNN 's Jake Tapper last month "  I 'm sure Jay knows about the understanding . But Jay has a contract that goes until the fall of next year . I think from Jay 's point of view , he will work until they tell him to stop . That 's the way he is ; that 's the kind of guy he is . " Still , the idea of Fallon getting the show is n't a surprise , at least , not as much as the report that the show will move back to New York from California . "  There 's a lot of reasons for it . I think they all feel that the energy of New York helps Fallon , " Carter said . "  But also you have Lorne Michaels , who 's the producer of the show , and has always been close to Jimmy , and he 's of course New York-based . "  And then you have the band , The Roots , and The Roots are a Philadelphia-based band , and some of the guys I think still commute to New York , and they 're very important to that show and I do n't think they wanted to lose them . " The punchline If the musical skit proves anything , Leno and Fallon have n't lost their sense of humor under the scrutiny of the future of the "  Tonight Show . " They even couched it with a dose of reality . In a pseudo-operatic climax , the pair asks : "  Tonight , tonight , who cares who hosts ` Tonight ? ' "  People just watch online the next day . "	Comedians poke fun at rivalry in Broadway-style song Rumors have Jimmy Fallon replacing Jay Leno on the "  Tonight Show " "  The Tonight Show " hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million The ratings bump came as Leno began taking nightly jabs at his employer
CNN  -- A woman babysitting her two young nieces Saturday night was arrested after police say she stabbed the girls multiple times in their Katonah , New York , home across the street from property owned by Martha Stewart . Lisa Turkki , 39 , of East Syracuse , is being held in Westchester County jail on two counts of assault in the first degree , Lt. Jeffrey Dickan of the Bedford Police Department , told CNN Monday . Police were alerted to the stabbings by a 911 call placed by Turkki , Dickan said . When a responding officer arrived , Turkki was standing out in the driveway of the home , unarmed , and was taken into custody , he said . Upon entering the home , the two girls -- identified as 7-year-old Maeve Kelly and 9-year-old Annabel Kelly -- were found on the kitchen floor with "  multiple " stab wounds , Dickan said . "  The scene was pretty terrible , " he said . "  There were large amounts of blood all over the kitchen . " Two kitchen knives that appeared to have been used in the stabbings were recovered from inside the home , Dickan said . The girls were conscious and talking to authorities before they were rushed to Westchester County Medical Center , Dickan said . As of Monday morning , the girls were in stable condition and were improving , he said . The girls ' parents , identified as Joseph and Eva Kelly , were attending a concert at a local performing arts center when the incident occurred , Dickan said . Dickan described Katonah as "  usually a very quiet area " with neighborhoods made up of larger homes and estates . The Kellys ' expansive home -- once touted on a sustainable-living blog for its eco-friendly features -- sits across the street from a large piece of property owned by Martha Stewart . "  We 're fortunate here -- our crime levels are not that high , " Dickan said .	Lisa Turkki was babysitting the girls Saturday night , police say She called 911 requesting assistance for the injured girls She has been charged with first-degree assault The girls are in stable condition and improving
CNN  -- I live my life in the open : I 'm easily googleable , emailable , and you can figure out from my Twitter and Instagram accounts what I 've been doing . For a while my phone number was posted publicly on my Facebook profile . I 'm aware that these sites and services are tracking me . I know they 're collecting my data , crunching it and selling it to advertisers , who in turn try to sell me things , and I am OK with this . It 's the cost of admission . These services help me stay connected with my friends and interact with strangers , and in turn I grant them permission to analyze my tweets and profile my Facebook interests for profit . The revelation that the government is snooping on our communications in the interest of national security is nothing new . This latest incident does n't come as a shocker . You might guess that I reacted with mild surprise followed by general indifference , because young people are already sharing everything anyway . Besides , privacy is dead , right ? Privacy is not dead . The phone snooping is on a different level than that of companies selling my data to advertisers . Such behavior is unsettling , and is perhaps a true threat to privacy . There are some in Silicon Valley who regard privacy as a relic of the past , something that falls off the back of the truck of progress as it rumbles into the future . It reminds me of sci-fi author Rudy Rucker 's novel , "  Postsingular , " in which entrepreneurs unleash nanobots that virtually overnight blanket the earth and create an Internet-on-steroids instantly connecting everything on the planet , letting humans peer into any part of the world . The novel is a thought experiment on the obliteration of privacy , and Rucker imagines dumpster-diving as routine â $ " everyone can peer into the trash can at McDonald 's and find discarded but perfectly edible griddle cakes . Crime basically disappears as everyone knows where everyone else is and what they are doing . Even clothing is a mere formality . But even in the book there are blind spots , places the nanobots ca n't reach . In our real world , privacy is n't anywhere close to dead . Privacy today is just more nuanced and exists in different ways than 10 , 50 , 100 years ago . It is not simply a matter of sharing more or less ; not merely how much but in what way and with whom . Privacy is contingent on who we 're trying to keep something private from -- family , friends , acquaintances , employers , strangers . With more services and apps and greater degrees of control in which we can use them , we find ourselves having to make more decisions about where to draw the lines . Friends of mine will untag themselves from Facebook photos to hide more unflattering images of themselves if they are "  friends " with their employers . Some refrain from posting to Facebook things they do n't want their parents to see , opting for Twitter instead , where their parents do n't have accounts . Snapchat is built around a privacy-minded constraint : Mission Impossible-esque messages that self-destruct shortly after opening . The nature of social media also makes room for subterfuge , and an illusory openness is another form of privacy . The Internet allows for masks , false identities and misrepresentation . It 's prevalent enough in online dating , for instance , that MTV has a show devoted to it . There may be new spotlights illuminating our lives , but these lights also cast shadows , and these shadows become new places where we can hide ourselves from the world . The kind privacy that is becoming more of the norm is dependent on our ability to move freely among the myriad services and apps , and to opt in selectively , both in what we use and how we choose to use them . I 'm not about to disable all my accounts . But I do wonder if we 're heading into a future where we have to be constantly mindful of when our privacy might just slip through the cracks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Cheng .	Jack Cheng : I live my life in the open , I 'm OK with websites and services tracking me Cheng : The revelation that the government has been snooping on calls is not a shocker He says while young people share everything , privacy is not dead ; it 's different Cheng : Privacy is contingent on what services we choose to use and how we use them
CNN  -- The growing refugee crisis in northwestern Pakistan is fueling the danger of spreading the polio virus among the displaced population , the World Health Organization warned on Wednesday . More than 450,000 Pakistanis have fled their homes in the past two weeks as the military tries to root out militants in the North Waziristan region near the border with Afghanistan . But "  this number could reach 600,000 as the military operation continues , " federal minister for states and frontier regions , retired Lt. Gen. Abdul Qadri Baloch , said during a news conference on Pakistan State TV Wednesday . That could mean an even bigger danger of spreading the disease as the number of refugees increases . Rising polio risk Polio rates are higher than average in North Waziristan due to a ban on anti-polio campaigns imposed by the Pakistani Taliban two years ago in response to U.S. drone strikes . In June 2012 , Taliban commander Hafiz Gul Bahadur released a statement that said vaccines "  would be banned in North Waziristan until the drones strikes are stopped . " He added that drone strikes "  are worse than polio . " Polio is a highly infectious viral disease that primarily affects young children . It can lead to paralysis and death . The virus is easily preventable through immunization , but there 's no cure once it is contracted . "  The highest number of polio cases have been witnessed in North Waziristan , " Pakistan WHO spokesperson Dr. Nima Saeed told reporters in Islamabad . "  The mass migration of people from the vulnerable area has increased the risk of the polio virus spreading further . " Mass vaccination The WHO is working to contain the threat by vaccinating people along routes out of North Waziristan . Many are receiving the dose at government-run centers set up to register displaced people . As of Wednesday , the U.N. said around 146,000 people had been vaccinated . Hundreds of thousands of people have fled North Waziristan since the launch of a government offensive on June 15 against the Pakistani Taliban in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . The United Nations says most of the people who have fled the region have sought shelter with relatives and in rented accommodation in the town of Bannu , in Bannu district . One government-run camp has been set up with enough room for 200,000 people , but so far only around 20 families have moved there . "  The facilities in the camp are n't yet up to the standard that we 'd like them to be . Also , for cultural reasons people do n't want to live in tents , " said Timo Pakkala , the U.N 's Humanitarian Coordinator for Pakistan . "  The people who come from North Waziristan are very conservative , very traditional . There are restrictions on men and women staying together . They have families ; they want to stay together , " he said . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	WHO warns Pakistan 's growing refugee population at risk of polio The number of displaced could reach 600,000 in the northwest North Waziristan , where the army is targeting militants , has the most cases Polio is highly infectious and ca n't be cured , but is preventable with a vaccine
CNN  -- The brief but bloody Gaza conflict between Israel and Hamas marks a clear wake-up call to both sides , and their supporters , on the indispensable need to start serious talks beyond the new cease-fire . This development must be seized upon to convert the recent crisis into an opportunity after years of inaction . A desperate injection of diplomatic energy is required . The alternative is renouncing responsibility and initiative to continuous unpredictability , and becoming its hostage . In an increasingly volatile region experiencing historic transformation and shifting alliances , the potential for simultaneous conflict on multiple fronts remains real . Are you affected by the conflict ? Share photos and video , but stay safe . Diminishing the threat , and its catastrophic consequences , through a credible process is critical to regional stability and international order . The cease-fire alone simply marks the end of another chapter in the decades-old vicious cycle of violence between Israelis and Palestinians . Ideally , a next phase of negotiations should focus on a permanent end of hostilities . Although its duration would be unknown , it is best to commence sooner rather than later . The regional status quo is simply unsustainable in the long-term . Time is of the essence . A continuing game of brinksmanship risks miscalculation and another descent into the abyss at any given moment . After all , there is no military solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conundrum . Tallying the results of the recent conflict leaves adequate room for each side to claim points and some form of victory . However , neither could benefit from further escalation . For Israel , its Iron Dome anti-missile defense system proved increasingly effective . Its surgical strikes in Gaza demonstrated greater accuracy . Although no match for Israel 's superior firepower , Hamas 's rockets reached alarmingly deeper into Israeli territory . This provided a psychological boost to morale despite relentless Israeli attacks and considerable physical damage . Post-conflict reconstruction is nothing new : Hamas will emerge politically strengthened at home and abroad and it will continue to overshadow Fatah , which controls the West Bank . The credibility of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is further undermined , even as he actively pursues non-member observer status for Palestinians at the United Nations . The presence of intermediaries in Cairo to negotiate the cease-fire reaffirms the centrality of Egypt 's role to any peace process . Clearly , without Egypt , no solutions are possible . For now , the cease-fire also marks the most important foreign policy test and achievement yet for new Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy . Since Hosni Mubarak 's ouster and its departure from Syria , Hamas remains increasingly dependent upon Egypt ideologically , politically , diplomatically and economically . Throughout the week-long conflict , Morsy skilfully influenced Hamas . Furthermore , sending Egypt 's prime minister to Gaza at the very start of the crisis proved symbolically important , although practically ineffective . Through the cease-fire , Morsy has raised his standing at home and abroad . A process of establishing himself as a reliable regional broker has begun . However , responsible continuity and critical follow up is required . Statements alone will not suffice . In concrete terms , he must prove able to restrain Hamas when necessary and guide it on a constructive path toward peace . Sustained diplomatic support from the Arab League and Turkey , and particularly financial assistance from Qatar , will further strengthen Morsy 's hand . The increased leverage from positive crisis management must be used effectively by Morsy at home . While he is developing a pragmatic accommodation with the military , serious concerns still linger for political opponents and minorities of his broader agenda . Morsy must reach out beyond his political base and take a more inclusive approach . The crisis also underscored the need to strike a balance between public expectations , particularly in Islamist ranks , and what is realistically achievable in the diplomatic realm . While in opposition during the Mubarak era , Islamists scored easy points with public opinion when condemning government inaction during Israeli-Palestinian violence . Now the reality of power demands greater rhetorical responsibility and restraint from Islamists in government . The current cease-fire also offers President Morsy the opportunity for renewed , and closer , engagement with the U.S. , particularly after President Barack Obama 's election victory and Morsy 's initial blunders following the killing of America 's ambassador to Libya . With the U.S. election over , the burden is also on President Obama to assume a more proactive role in fostering a productive peace process , in collaboration with allies and regional powers . Obama 's first attempt immediately following his 2009 inauguration ended in humiliation at the hands of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Although once bitten , Obama can not be twice shy . American national interests and international order can not afford it . With a drastically transforming Middle East and in search for a foreign policy legacy , Obama must seize the historic opportunity for a new start . There is no room for reluctance or excessive caution . Troubles with Iran and Syria can not be obstacles to a Palestinian state . Furthermore , the growing perception of exclusive American interest in east Asia and neglect and indifference to the Middle East is very destabilizing . It creates an increasingly dangerous power vacuum and encourages nefarious forces to fill it . Obama 's penchant for re-start buttons should not lose focus on the Middle East , and particularly Egypt . Approximately two months away from election , the cease-fire was the best possible outcome for Israel 's Netanyahu . He emerges politically stronger and brandishes his leadership credentials as the guarantor of Israel 's security . Averting a ground invasion was crucial . He exits the crisis with ample support in the West and avoided greater international isolation . However , the regional game has dramatically changed for all players . Netanyahu no longer enjoys Mubarak 's passive acquiescence in Egypt or a reliably predictable enemy like President Bashar al-Assad in Syria . New realities require new approaches . Failure to adapt will have considerable consequences for Netanyahu and Israel . Ultimately , a resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian issue is not a panacea to the ills plaguing the broader Middle East . However , it would provide indispensable momentum and unleash new dynamics in confronting other outstanding grievances around the region and beyond . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marco Vicenzino .	Marco Vicenzino says Gaza conflict marks a clear wake-up call to both sides Vicenzino : The regional status quo is simply unsustainable in the long term Vicenzino : Best outcome for Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu was cease-fire Vicenzino : Egypt 's Morsy must prove able to restrain Hamas when necessary
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- It 's the weekend in Cairo and the city 's upper crust is letting loose at The Garden , one of the latest night-time spots to open in the Egyptian capital . The city 's hip young things strut their stuff on the dance floor while cocktail waiters confidently juggle bottles behind the bar . But behind the whirls , twirls and clinking of glasses is some serious investment . Nearly half a million dollars has poured into this stylish venture since it began . "  We have a lot of support from sponsors , from different international and multinational companies that see it as an opportunity to offer their brands and their experiences as well and it makes it way more profitable , " said owner of The Garden , Ismael Kassem . "  There has n't been a better time to open and attract people to positive experiences than the time we are in now . " The Garden is booked out every night and Kassem and his partners are bullish about the future . "  It 's a very profitable and positive business , if you play your cards right and get the right flow of costumers , " he said . "  It would n't take a year , year and a half to get a return on your investment . " Such success is attracting attention of others in the entertainment and nightlife industry . At least five new drinking establishments have recently opened their doors in the city -- a sign the industry maybe slowly shaking off three years of despair . The downturn started with the 2011 revolution that ousted then President Hosni Mubarak . The election of an Islamist President , Mohamed Morsi , in 2012 had the industry fearful for its survival . Morsi would last barely a year in office , however , as a military coup ousted him in 2013 . Through that entire time , a shattered economy was kept down by violence and uncertainty . But not everywhere was suffering . Alchemy , a chic establishment known for drinks with a dash of chemistry , opened at the height of the turmoil in 2012 . According to Alchemy owner and industry veteran , Alex Rizk , the conditions always existed for smartly run bars and restaurants to prosper . "  A lot of investors are looking at what is running and surviving the revolution , and economic prices and that is mainly food outlets , coffee shops and I would say eventually nightlife , " Rizk said . It boils down to one simple thing , Rizk believes . "  People do want to party , do want to forget their daily life a bit , " he said . Building on their initial success , Rizk and his partners plan to open a new club soon . Kassem is also eying three new venues over the next three years , equaling millions of dollars in investment . But this is Egypt , where political and economic chaos persist and neither Kassem nor Rizk take that for granted . "  Of course we are bullish but we are n't foolish , " Kassem said . "  If we find it unprofitable , we wo n't go into it . " It 's a delicate balancing act like that performed by the skilled cocktail waiters at The Garden . Both Kassem and Rizk hope it will pay out in dividends . See also : Can Hard Rock Cafe get its groove back ? See also : Gulf looks to rival Paris as fashion capital See also : Meet the Middle East 's king of hotels	Cairo 's nightlife is on the rebound after a tumultuous three years Revolution in Egypt had left many investors in the industry nervous Confidence is now returning with at least five new spots opening in Cairo recently
CNN  -- The media circus that is Jodi Arias ' murder trial is in its final stretch , as the jury began deliberations Friday following closing arguments . The jury , which has been in court since January , will resume deliberations Monday . It 's been an R-rated story , to say the least , with an abundance of testimony about grisly violence and , from Arias , details about a kinky sex life she says she shared with Alexander . The case has captured massive if not total interest among Americans . While one part of the country watches CNN 's sister network HLN for every twist in the trial , or drives hours to get one of the courtroom 's limited lottery seats  yes , they 're doled out via lottery  , another segment of the nation asks , "  Jodi who ? " For those of you in the latter category , here are some things you should know as the trial comes to a close : Travis Alexander Lost in the salacious details of the "  Jodi Arias trial " is the victim , Travis Alexander , 30 , who was brutally killed in his Mesa , Arizona , home in June 2008 . Faith was an integral part of Alexander 's life . The professed son of methamphetamine addicts , Alexander was raised in Riverside , California , with three brothers and four sisters . His grandmother introduced him to Mormonism as a child . After he graduated from high school he went on a two-year mission in Denver . He later moved to Mesa because of the strong Mormon community and became a motivational speaker and businessman . He also authored a book titled , "  Raising You . " Arias was living in Yreka , California , when she met Alexander at a business convention in Las Vegas in September 2006 . That November , he baptized Arias into the Mormon faith , a ceremony Arias said was followed by anal sex . Arias became his girlfriend two months later , she testified . They broke up in the summer of 2007 , and Alexander began dating other women . There were claims that Arias would stalk him , peering in his windows at times . Still , he and Arias continued to hang out on several occasions until -- disenchanted Arias says -- she moved back to Northern California . They continued to communicate . The prosecution 's case Alexander 's naked body was found crammed in a stand-up shower after he missed two appointments , prompting friends to go to his house . He had been stabbed 27 times in the back and torso and shot in the head . His throat was slit from ear to ear . Arias initially told an investigator , "  I heard a lot of rumors , and that there was a lot of blood . " She later claimed she killed him , albeit in self-defense . Deputy Maricopa County Attorney Juan Martinez has accused Arias of playing the victim when , in fact , he alleges she staged the crime scene to make it look like self-defense and has actively sought to profit from the media attention . Prior to Alexander 's killing , Martinez said , Arias stole her grandparents ' .25 - caliber pistol , rented a car in Redding , California , turned off her cell phone and brought along cans of gas so there would be no record that she was in Arizona . "  The only reason to keep this whole thing a secret , which is what she tried to do , is because she was going to kill him , and she 's making preparations , " the prosecutor said . Finally , according to Martinez 's closing argument , after she killed Alexander , she hooked up with an out-of-state romantic interest so she would have an alibi . "  She continues on to Utah into his waiting arms . Gosh , you can almost hear the violins making their sound as she goes up to him , gives him that first kiss . Is n't that romantic ? " Martinez said . Arias ' defense Defense attorney Jennifer Willmott has said Arias was the victim of a controlling , psychologically abusive relationship and that Alexander considered Arias "  his dirty little secret . " Before Arias killed her ex in self-defense , Willmott claimed , she was subjected to rough vaginal sex . After she dropped Alexander 's new camera , he became violent , the defense said , and had Arias not defended herself , investigators would 've found Arias , not Alexander , dead in the bathroom . Arguing the prosecution 's position that Arias was obsessed with Alexander and stalking him , another defense attorney , Kirk Nurmi , has said it did n't add up because Arias was active on a Mormon dating site . "  Jodi ... was n't so locked in on Travis that she was n't looking for other men , " Nurmi said . As for the allegation that Arias attempted to surreptitiously slip in and out of Arizona without a trace , Nurmi pointed out that Arias went to the Redding , California , airport to rent her car for the trip . "  An airport with security cameras and security all around , " the defense attorney said , "  not some rental car agency on the outskirts of town -- an airport . That does n't make any sense if you 're on a covert mission . " Nurmi also questioned the merit of the prosecution 's gas can argument , saying Arias could have avoided a paper trail simply by paying with cash . She did n't need cans , he said . Did Arias change her story ? Sure , Nurmi said , but that 's not what she 's standing trial for . "  If Jodi Arias were accused of the crime of lying , I could not stand before you and say she 's not guilty of that crime , but nowhere in your jury instructions are you asked to convict Jodi Arias of lying , " Nurmi said . Fascination If you did n't realize before , you probably see now why the case has drawn a cult following of sorts . It 's rife with sex , lies and digital images , many of them naughty , and the dueling attorneys are lively -- nay , bombastic -- in their arguments . Arias herself has been tweeting from jail -- through a proxy , of course -- criticizing HLN and Martinez , and directing followers to a website that sells art on her behalf . For some media outlets , the case is gold . HLN has created a show , "  After Dark : The Jodi Arias Trial , " which invites an in-studio and at-home audience to grade the day 's arguments . Its website is flush with every facet of the case , including a photo gallery containing 180 evidence photos . The Huffington Post has similar coverage , and CNN affiliates KPHO and KNXV in Phoenix have special trial pages on their websites . Before you lob cries of a sensationalist media profiting off a gruesome death , realize that people are clamoring for the coverage . HLN has enjoyed a ratings boost since the trial began , and people drive hours to see the trial for themselves . Spectators began lining up Friday at 1 a.m. -- more than six hours before the courthouse opened -- to get a seat , according to KPHO . Until April 25 , the public was given access on a first-come-first-served basis , but the judge changed it to a lottery system for closing arguments , the station reported . Everardo McFarlane of Phoenix was none too happy with the change , as he was first in line Friday but did n't make the cut . "  I just hope justice is served and that at least we get our $ 1.6 million worth with a conviction , " McFarlane told KPHO , referring to the ever-increasing taxpayer expense on the trial . R.D. Williams of Amarillo , Texas , did n't have the luxury of a short drive across town . "  It 's 10 hours nonstop , two times to fuel up . I did n't bring no extra gas cans , " Williams said , making a joke about a key argument in the case . Potential outcomes What could happen to Arias is anyone 's guess . If the jury 's hung , she could face a retrial . The prosecution , naturally , would like to see a first-degree murder conviction , as its case has revolved around Arias premeditating the killing . If convicted on this charge , Arias will face a mini-trial of sorts to determine if she killed Alexander cruelly and knew he would suffer . A first-degree murder conviction could mean execution unless a jury grants her leniency , in which case she would get life in prison and may not be eligible for parole for at least 25 years . If the prosecution ca n't prove premeditation , Arias could still be convicted of second-degree murder , commanding 10 to 22 years in prison . The jury can also decide that Arias killed Alexander recklessly or that he attacked her . She 'd then be convicted of manslaughter . Lastly , the jury could find her not guilty or determine that she acted in self-defense and that her actions were reasonable . Either way , she 'd then be free to pursue her dream of becoming a professional photographer , and the media circus could move to another town .	Jodi Arias ' murder trial began in January She is accused of murdering her boyfriend nearly five years ago She claims she acted in self-defense
CNN  -- A personal phone conversation by an air traffic controller likely contributed to the cause of a deadly midair collision over the Hudson River last year , the The National Transportation Safety Board said . A single-engine plane and a sightseeing helicopter collided on August 8 , 2009 near Hoboken , New Jersey . All nine people aboard the two aircraft were killed , including several Italian tourists visiting New York from Bologna . In a statement released Tuesday , the NTSB said the air traffic controller 's personal phone call "  distracted him from his air traffic control duties , including the timely transfer of communications for the accident airplane to the Newark Liberty International Airport  EWR  tower and correcting the airplane pilot 's incorrect read-back of the EWR tower frequency . " The on-duty personal phone conversation might not have been the first for the air traffic controller . An NTSB report says the controller 's personal call might not have taken place "  if the front line manager had corrected the controller 's performance deficiency involving an earlier nonpertinent telephone conversation . " In addition , the board said , the "  front line manager , who was not present in the air traffic control tower at the time of the accident , exercised poor judgment by not letting staff know how he could be reached while he was away from the tower and by not using an available staffing asset to provide an additional layer of oversight at the tower during his absence . " The NTSB said another probable cause was the limitations of the "  see-and-avoid " concept . "  The see-and-avoid technique of averting mid-air collisions was not effective because of the difficulty the airplane pilot had in seeing the helicopter until the final seconds before the collision , " the NTSB said . The safety board said contributing factors included both pilots ineffective use of their aircrafts ' electronic advisory system to maintain awareness of other air traffic ; inadequate procedures of the Federal Aviation Administration for transferring communication among air traffic facilities near the Hudson River ; and FAA regulations that did not provide for adequate vertical separation of aircraft operating over the Hudson River . "  The helicopter 's climb above 1,000 feet was not consistent with company procedures and decreased the vertical separation between the aircraft , " the statement said . NTSB Chairman Deborah A.P. Hersman said the collision could have been prevented . "  While traffic alerts go a long way in helping pilots "  see and avoid " other aircraft , these technologies are not , in and of themselves , enough to keep us safe , " Hersman said in the statement . "  Strong operating procedures , professionalism , and commitment to the task at hand -- these are all essential to safety . " The NTSB said it made recommendations to the FAA about changes in a "  special flight rules area " surrounding the Hudson River corridor near New Jersey and New York . Suggestions include revising federal regulations to specify altitudes for aircraft conducting local operations .	9 people died from a two-aircraft collision over the Hudson River last year NTSB : The "  see-and-avoid " technique was not effective The agency says an air traffic controller 's personal phone call "  distracted " him
CNN  -- At first , the children 's eyes light up with anticipation . Christmas comes early . Tanzanian students celebrate receiving Books for Africa textbooks . Then they stare in wonder . Some reach out and cradle the object as if it were treasure to be guarded . Others lift it up in triumph , singing and dancing in joy . The gift that inspires this kind of marvel in many African children is none other than a simple schoolbook . Books are so rare in many African countries that children celebrate receiving them as if it were Christmas morning , says Brad Mattson , a manager for Books for Africa , a nonprofit group that ships donated books to African countries . Mattson traveled last year to a remote Tanzanian village , where he saw children who were studying in mud-brick schools with no electricity or running water eagerly grab a shipment of donated textbooks . "  It was like my kid getting an Xbox , " says Mattson . "  They protect them like gold . " Is there a moral obligation to feed poor children 's minds as well as their bodies ? Books for Africa 's leaders think so . The group says it shipped 2.7 million books to 24 African countries last year to combat what it calls a "  book famine . " About 33 percent of school-age children in Africa have never set foot in a classroom , according to a U.N. study released this year . Among those who have , it 's not uncommon for 10 students to share one textbook , Books for Africa officials say . A book offers impoverished African students some hope of a better life for themselves and their country , says Deb McDonald , Books for Africa 's assistant director . "  Education is the great equalizer , " McDonald says . "  When people get access to information , they 're on more equal footing . " Students study in the dirt Many African children do n't even have access to a pencil , says Andrea Wall , who distributes textbooks for Books for Africa in the East African nation of Tanzania . Wall says she has seen students study in the dirt . She once watched Tanzanian elementary school students practice their lessons in the sand because pencils and paper are a luxury . Yet the students are eager to learn , she says . Many have never left their village or traveled in a car or even seen electrical appliances . "  They do not know anything different and most are grateful that their parents have enough money to send them to school instead of tending cows or gathering firewood and water , " Wall says . Books are an expensive commodity in Tanzania . There are no bookshops in the East African nation and the only books available are printed on thin paper with weak binding . Wall is co-director for a nonprofit group called PEN Trust , which uses construction , education and nutrition to help lift Tanzanians out of poverty , she says . Once , however , she was a kindergarten teacher in Minnesota who had a classroom crammed with toys , puzzles and learning centers . She first visited Tanzania in 2001 with a church group , "  fell in love with it , " and decided she had to return . She was later laid off as a teacher due to budget cuts and decided to return to Tanzania as a full-time volunteer in 2005 . Now she 's seen even the most rudimentary educational tool bring joy to Tanzanians . She once saw an American pastor visiting a Tanzanian village give a villager a simple gift . "  He gave one mother a brand new shiny yellow pencil and she jumped up and down thanking him and then just as fast broke it into three parts -- one for each of her children , " Walls says . The low literacy rate in Africa is related to political instability as well as poverty , says McDonald . When civil war erupts , books become targets . Even newspapers and magazines are relatively scarce in countries like Tanzania , she says . "  One of the first things soldiers do is burn information , " McDonald says . What types of books are needed Shipping books to Africa is n't like packing together shipments of food or medical supplies , Books for Africa officials say . It involves sensitivity to Africa 's history . The scars of colonialism , where Western nations used violence to occupy African nations and pillage their natural resources , shapes what types of books are sent to Africa . During colonialism , a bitter joke among Africans was that missionaries gave them the Bible but took their land . The joke reflected a belief among some Africans that Western nations used Eurocentric books to manipulate and build self-hatred among Africans . Books for Africa officials , though , say they refuse to send books that celebrate the superiority of Western ways . In fact , they only send books that African schools request . "  I do n't like it when you go in and tell them what they need , " McDonald says . "  I like them to tell us what they need . " The books that African nations typically request can be seen in a cavernous warehouse operated by Books for Africa in Atlanta , Georgia . At the warehouse , rock and R&B music booms over the speakers as volunteers sort through thousands of books and zoom through the floor in forklifts . Most of the books African countries requested were books for elementary and secondary schools . Textbooks -- geography , science and math -- are abundant . The books that are n't used are recycled into paper . Books for Africa officials estimate they save about 2 million books a year from landfills . Book companies and school systems often donate books in bulk to Books for Africa , including used books , overprints and previous years ' editions . The group also depends on volunteers to sift through its books . One of them , D.J. Clancy , a clerk at a media center in a suburban Atlanta elementary school , joined Books for Africa after she read about it on a Web site . Some of her American students do n't know how lucky they are , Clancy says . "  Our kids are spoiled . They come in our 10,000-book media center and say , ` There 's nothing to read , ' " she says . American adults are spoiled as well , says McDonald . She says it 's easy for Americans to forget how much information they have at hand . "  We 're standing in the grocery line and we 're bombarded by tabloids , and we 're bombarded by books and TV , " she says . "  You 're not bombarded by anything there , " McDonald says . "  You pull out a box of books and people are so grateful and so happy . You feel like you 've given them so much . "	Lack of books is famine robbing African youth of future , nonprofit leader says Need for schoolbooks is critical in Africa , group says Group says it is common for 10 African students to share one textbook
Chicago  CNN  -- Two Chicago firefighters were killed Wednesday and at least 17 were injured , when a wall and roof collapsed without warning in an abandoned building on the city 's south side , the city 's fire department said . None of the injuries was life-threatening , said Fire Commissioner Robert Hoff in an afternoon news conference . One firefighter was in stable condition , he said . Hoff identified those killed as Corey Ankum , who had been with the department less than two years , and 12-year veteran Edward Stringer . Both were inside the structure . Other firefighters were working the blaze from the roof . CNN affiliate WGN aired footage of a line of firefighters saluting one body as it arrived at the medical examiner 's office later Wednesday . Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley said in a statement , "  The deaths of Firefighters Stringer and Ankum are both a sad reminder of how much gratitude we owe our first responders and a tragedy for all Chicagoans . " The deaths came on the 100th anniversary of the Chicago Stockyards fire , which killed 21 firefighters and the city fire marshal . The fire was reported shortly before 7 a.m. in the office area of a commercial building on East 75th Street , said Larry Langford , spokesman for the Chicago Fire Department . The routine fire call became a multiple-alarm blaze after part of the roof collapsed as firefighters were inside , he said . Four firefighters were trapped after the collapse occurred , and two of them died from their injuries , Langford said . The building was boarded up in the front but the back was open , leading firefighters to think that homeless people may have sought shelter there , Hoff said . The cause of the fire is under investigation , Hoff said . Investigators will look at whether ice or weather was a factor , as well as the age of the building and its heavy roof , the commissioner said . "  There are things that happen when buildings are aged , and that could have been one of the contributing factors in this case , " Hoff said . The fire in the building 's northeast corner had been brought under control , Hoff said , and firefighters were working on hot spots and "  looking for homeless or vagrant people " when the collapse occurred . A wall of the building collapsed into an alley , Langford said , bringing part of the roof down with it . A search of the rubble found no one else , Langford said . Heavy equipment was being brought in to take the building apart . He said it was his understanding that both of the fallen firefighters had children . While the loss of a firefighter is always a tragedy , he said , "  it 's been compounded " by the deaths occurring so close to the holidays . Another firefighter died recently while battling a downtown blaze , he said . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	NEW : Mayor calls deaths a tragedy Deaths occur on 100th anniversary of massive Chicago Stockyards fire No life-threatening injuries among others who received treatment Four firefighters were trapped briefly after the building 's roof collapsed
EW.com  -- For the first time in Emmy history , not one program nominated for best drama series was from a major broadcast network . Yet Sunday night 's 64th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards still managed to attract a slightly larger audience than last year . ABC 's telecast delivered 13.2 million viewers , up 6 percent from the 2011 telecast on Fox . Among adults 18-49 , however , the show declined 10 percent to a 3.8 rating â $ " tying the all-time Emmys low from back in 2008 . Though creatively hit-and-miss , producers kept the show on schedule , wrapping at three hours  even if that meant playing off the "  Modern Family " team and "  Game Change " winner Julianne Moore to keep things moving  . Critics gave high marks to host Jimmy Kimmel 's monologue  though not his Botox-punching cold open bathroom skit  . Some of the pre-taped sketches , such as re-imagining AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " as "  The Andy Griffith Show , " also drew laughs . A social media prank where Kimmel encouraged viewers to tweet that Tracy Morgan passed out onstage and tell people to switch on the show seemed to fall flat  looking at the half-hour ratings throughout the telecast , the gimmick did n't seem to spike viewership , either  . On the awards front , many of the winners were very predictable , with ABC 's "  Modern Family " taking home the award for best comedy yet again  full winners list  . But Showtime 's freshman drama "  Homeland " broke "  Mad Men 's " four-year winning streak for best drama series , while fellow newcomer , FX 's "  American Horror Story , " lost its bid to capture a top category win by aiming for best movie or miniseries . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sunday 's Emmys attracted a slightly larger audience than last year ABC 's telecast delivered 13.2 million viewers , up 6 percent from the 2011 telecast on Fox Ratings for adults 18-49 declined by 10 percent
CNN  -- The city of Portland , Oregon , has been forced to dump millions of gallons of drinking water . Why ? Because someone urinated into a water reservoir . Surprising still , this is n't the first time this has happened . The latest incident took place about 1 a.m. Wednesday . Cameras captured three teens near the Mount Tabor Reservoir No. 5 . One of them approached the iron fence and apparently got close enough to relieve himself directly into the reservoir . The three teens were apprehended , and the 50-million-gallon reservoir was taken offline for testing . Thanks to the teens , the Portland Water Bureau will have to dump 38 million gallons of drinking water , said administrator David Shaff . "  Our customers have an expectation that their water is not deliberately contaminated , " he said . All three teens received citations for trespassing ; one was cited for public urination . Shaff told the Oregonian newspaper that the teen knew exactly what he was doing . "  It 's stupid , " Shaff told the newspaper . "  You can see the sign that says : ` This is your drinking water . Do n't spit , throw , toss anything in it . ' He 's four feet away from that sign . " Shaff was also the administrator when a similar incident took place in June 2011 . Surveillance cameras caught a man urinating into an 8-million gallon reservoir .	Teen arrested after he urinated in Portland water reservoir City to dump 38 million gallons of drinking water Similar incident happened in Portland in 2011
The Frisky  -- Angelina Jolie looks so femme fatale-tastic staring out from the poster for "  Salt , " with her black wig and heavily lined eyes , that it 's hard to imagine that the title role in the movie was actually written for a guy . But , yes , it 's true -- Evelyn Salt was originally scripted as Edwin Salt . And lame name aside , the role was intended for Tom Cruise . It was only when Cruise backed out that the movie 's makers rethought the part and decided to cast Angelina instead , which was a seriously good move . The Frisky : Mel Gibson 's set pranks thrived on humiliating his female co-stars Interestingly , this is not the first time a woman has played a role originally envisioned as a man . Here are a few more of our favorite examples : "  Alien " could go both ways Hands down , the most famous gender switcheroo in a movie ? Sigourney Weaver as Officer Ellen Ripley in "  Alien . " The film 's scribes wrote all the characters as men , but specified that "  the crew is unisex and all parts are interchangeable for men or women . " When Sigourney auditioned , they decided to go for it . "  The idea of making the hero a heroine was a masterstroke , " director Ridley Scott said on the DVD . He credits Sigourney with helping the movie stand out from the other sci-fi fare of the time . The Frisky : 7 sexy ladies missing their belly buttons 40-year-old virgin 's original boss : a man In "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin , " Jane Lynch played Paula , Steve Carell 's boss at SmartTech . But the role was originally written as "  Paul . " It was Steve 's wife 's idea to cast Jane instead . Do we have her to thank for Sue Sylvester on "  Glee , " in some tangential way ? Jodie Foster ousted Sean Penn In 2005 's "  Flightplan , " Sean Penn initially was courted to play Kyle Pratt , a father desperately searching for his missing daughter on an international flight . Only , in the end , Jodie Foster got the role . Different gender but the name stayed the same . The Frisky : 8 celeb guys who got revenge bodies Arthur 's valet is a "  queen " Russell Brand is currently flexing his comedy muscles in "  Arthur , " a remake of the early 80s Dudley Moore flick . In the original film , Arthur 's valet is played by John Gielgud . But this time around , Helen Mirren will be infusing the role with a dose of estrogen . Go Helen , go Helen , go ! "  Blossom " was originally about a boy Did you know that the show "  Blossom " was originally about a teenage boy ? Yep , creator Don Reo started writing the seminal 90s series as such but then got word that Mayim Bialik , who had blown up as the young Bette Midler in "  Beaches , " was available . He decided to change things up and write the show for her , according to the actress who played the 90s character . Without the switch , we may never have had the tie skirt . The Frisky : 10 incredible celebrity animal look-alikes TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	The title role in the movie "  Salt " was actually written for a guy The most famous gender switch in a movie might be Weaver 's role in "  Alien " the show "  Blossom " was originally about a teenage boy
CNN  -- New videos posted from the Syrian flashpoint city of Homs suggest a fresh wave of killings by the Syrian military after the fall of the neighborhood of Baba Amr . Activists have provided CNN with footage purportedly showing the bodies of 17 civilians that were discovered February 29 in villages near Baba Amr following an all-out assault on the Homs neighborhood that had held off a government assault for weeks . Much of the video is too graphic to show on air , but analysis of the video showed at least 12 bodies . In one , bodies are piled up in the back of a truck bed covered in blankets . Snow falls on the bodies as people in the background wail , some shouting , "  There is no God but God ! " One man off camera says , "  These are the victims of the massacre by the Shabiha  a government militia  , entire families slaughtered by the forces of Assad " -- a reference to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Several of the victims appeared to have been shot in the head , with some showing signs of deep cuts to the face and other body parts . At least one victim appeared to have had his arms tied up using red strips of cloth . Activist group Avaaz listed 17 names of the victims that it said it had confirmed , and claimed at least six of the men came from one family , named Sabouh . In another video , the camera pans down a line of five bodies wrapped in shrouds , as someone off camera reads off their names . A third video shows a woman wailing , "  Bring an end to Bashar " as people try to console her before she falls to the ground , shaking . The activist who provided the video said the woman was the mother of one victim , Mahmoud al-Zoubi , and that she had just seen his body for the first time since his death . It was not clear how the activists managed to film the bodies . Opposition members say it is increasingly difficult to get videos and information out of the besieged city , with internet access mostly cut off and activists risking their lives to show what is happening . "  Those are civilians from Baba Amr who were killed two days ago , and today their pictures finally arrived , " Rania Kisar , a Chicago-based member of the Syrian Revolution General Commission . Activists insist this is just one massacre among many . They say they expect more videos to surface . "  Homs is the capital of the resistance . Baba Amr is a strategic point in Homs because it gave the Free Syrian Army the freedom to conduct operations , access other neighborhoods and launch attacks against the regime , " said Osamah , the SRGC 's media director in Hama . He did not want to be fully identified for safety reasons . Residents in Homs tell harrowing stories of food , fuel and electricity shortages during the biting winter cold and a neighborhood besieged with raining shells and snipers firing from rooftops . One Syrian activist contacted by CNN offered further details about the killings in the videos . The activist said the Sabouh family were local farmers in the area known as Aysoon , where many of the armed forces were stationed and where artillery and rocket launchers were deployed . The activist cited eyewitnesses as claiming that Shabiha and armed forces rushed through the area opening fire on residents . Six men of the Sabouh family were killed , and when other neighbors came to help they were killed as well , the activist said . The incident occurred as many of the rebel Free Syrian Army forces were abandoning the Baba Amr neighborhood of Homs , and as residents were trying to flee the city . CNN can not independently confirm the details of the killings because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . The United Nations estimates more than 7,500 people have died since then , while the LCC says more than 9,000 people have died during the conflict . The Syrian government says more than 2,000 security personnel have been killed in the violence . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition activists say they think more vidoes of horror in Baba Amr will surface Video footage purportedly shows the bodies of 17 civilians discovered near Baba Amr A man describes entire families slaughtered by President Bashar al-Assad 's forces Avaaz : At least six people killed came from the same family
Beijing  CNN  -- Wang Kang looks every bit what he is : a Chinese scholar . With his Confucian beard , graying hair and a deep , resonant voice enunciating Putonghua tones , he epitomizes gravitas . But it 's not his appearance so much as the power of his story . For Wang is one of the few insiders who dare to speak publicly about something most people in China only whisper about : the fall of the man once touted as a potential Chinese president . "  I know I 'm taking a little risk by agreeing to this interview , " he says . "  Several foreign media have told me they can not find one single person to speak in the vast city of Chongqing . No one dares go public . This is sad . " Why Bo scandal might not be all bad All of this plays out in this choking metropolis in southwest China . It is a city Wang knows well . He is a well-known identity , plugged into local politics and personally familiar with the people at the center of this scandal , which has grown to encompass a murder investigation , allegations of spying , and rumored sexual affairs that have led to the sacking of the party chief , who until last month ruled the city with an iron fist . Wang says it all leads back to Bo Xilai , a man known in China as a "  princeling , " the son of a communist revolutionary hero . Why the scandal plays bigger abroad Bo saw Chongqing as the place to make his stand . He drove out criminal gangs , locking up or executing the ring-leaders . All of this to a soundtrack of old-style revolutionary songs and slogans : smash black , sing red he called it . On the streets he won praise , but to his critics Bo was orchestrating a naked power grab , wiping out rivals and enemies . The insider , Wang , says the crackdown went too far . "  Extortion of confessions through torture was commonplace -- too many unjust and mistaken cases were made in the process . That is for sure , " he says . Bo fashioned himself on China 's fabled leader Mao Zedong . Wang says Bo tried to recreate the Mao era and frightened communist reformers , making new enemies . "  He 's been playing the role of Mao 's successor , " he opines . "  He was visiting PLA camps and giving the soldiers Mao 's bust as a gift . "  None of the other politicians has ever done that . I think it has been a huge misjudgment of Bo . Going back to Mao 's path is definitely not an option . That has proven to be a dead end . Mao led a road to ruin . " This particular path has lead to Bo 's own ruin . His inner circle turned on itself . In February his police chief fled and sought asylum in a United States Consulate . Diplomatic , political and business sources now paint a picture of a man fearing for his life after linking Bo 's own wife to the murder of a British businessman . Neil Heywood was a fixer . He linked British firms with Chinese companies . He even did some work for a firm run by former British spies . Heywood , who was married to a Chinese woman , then befriended Bo and his wife Gu Kailai . Somewhere it all allegedly went sour . Rumors now abound , each more sensational and lurid than the last , and equally hard to substantiate . But they are explosive : now police suspect Bo 's wife had Heywood killed . "  It 's said in the official report that Gu was involved in the murder of Heywood . As for her motive , I think it 's either struggling over financial interests or disagreements related to their personal affair , " Wang says . "  It somehow became impossible for Gu to end this relationship with Heywood . My guess is both factors exist . They were involved both financially and romantically . " Intimate relations , suspected murder , political intrigue : all of it leading to a hotel on the outskirts of Chongqing . CNN gained access and found a place well past its glory days . Stained walls and bedrooms with worn bedding and chipped furniture . But from this rundown hotel , to the corridors of the Great Hall of the People , the downfall of Bo and his wife is not just about a family in disgrace . Wang , the man who wo n't keep quiet , says China has glimpsed its future . On the one hand , a return to Mao 's cultural revolution with Bo personally pushing a hard line rule . On the other , greater freedom and reform , a government more responsive to the people with protection for all under the law . One leader has fallen , but Wang says China may have taken big steps to saving itself in the process .	Wang Kang is personally familiar with the people at the center of the Bo Xilai scandal Bo was widely tipped to be a future president of China He says Bo 's crackdown in Chongqing went too far , with torture commonplace Wang : Demise of Chongqing party chief may be good for China itself
London  CNN  -- A man has been arrested after a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II was defaced with paint Thursday at Westminster Abbey in London , police said . The 41-year-old man is being held at a central London police station on suspicion of causing criminal damage , London 's Metropolitan Police said . The suspect has not been named by police . The portrait , by the Australian-born artist Ralph Heimans , is being taken down until the damage can be remedied , the abbey said in a statement . It went on public display last month as part of the abbey 's celebrations for the 60th anniversary of the queen 's coronation . The 9-foot by 11-foot oil painting depicts the queen in state dress , including the crimson velvet robe she wore for her coronation in 1953 , in an imagined scene at night in the abbey . According to the abbey website , it captures the queen "  in a moment of solitary reflection . " Last week , the queen and other royals attended a service at the abbey to mark 60 years since her coronation there . There have been 38 coronations at Westminster Abbey since the coronation of William the Conqueror in 1066 . Westminster Abbey is also where Prince William married Catherine Middleton in 2011 . Gallery : A look at the life of Queen Elizabeth II CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report	A 41-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage , police say A portrait of Queen Elizabeth II at Westminster Abbey was defaced with paint The portrait , by Ralph Heimans , is being taken down until the damage can be remedied The abbey has been the site of the coronation of English kings and queens since 1066
A federal appeals court has blocked enforcement of parts of a controversial immigration enforcement law in Alabama . The injunction issued Friday from the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta came after the U.S. Justice Department -- supported by a coalition of immigrant rights groups -- requested the legislation , known as HB 56 , be put on hold until the larger constitutional questions can be addressed , a process that could take some months at least . The 16-page order gives both sides partial victories , allowing some parts of the law to go into effect while others are temporarily blocked . The Obama administration says the Constitution does not permit states to deter illegal immigration , saying an issue with foreign policy implications is the exclusive mandate of the federal government . Alabama 's law , passed by the legislature this summer , would allow state and local officials to check the immigration status of public school students and to detain suspected undocumented immigrants without bond . It would make it a crime for immigrants who lack proper documents to conduct business with the state for things such as driver 's licenses . Among the provisions temporarily blocked from being enforced are : -- One requiring state officials to check the immigration status of students in public schools ; -- One making "  willful failure to complete or carry an alien registration card " a misdemeanor for immigrants ; But the state will be allowed to enforce these contested sections : -- One requiring that police during "  lawful " stops or arrests "  attempt to determine the immigration status of a person who they suspect is an unauthorized alien of this country . " That provision is similar to other laws aiming to crack down on illegal immigration passed by other state legislatures over the past year . -- One barring state courts from enforcing contracts involving undocumented immigrants , if the hiring party had a "  direct or constructive " knowledge that the person was in the country unlawfully . -- One making it a felony for illegal immigrants to enter into a "  business transaction " in Alabama , including applying for a driver 's license or a business license . In schools , towns and farms , battle heats up over immigration law The appeals court also announced it would hear oral arguments on the constitutional questions on an expedited basis , as early as December . The issues in Alabama and in other states with similar crackdown laws may ultimately have to be settled by the U.S. Supreme Court . A federal judge last month had temporarily blocked enforcement of some parts of the Alabama law while allowing other provisions to go into effect . The U.S. Justice Department issued a statement welcoming the appeals court ruling , and adding that "  We continue to believe that the other key provisions we challenged are also preempted and we look forward to the upcoming consideration by the court of appeals of the merits of the appeal . " Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange issued a statement saying the state disagrees with the ruling , but officials "  are pleased that the court has allowed the state to proceed enforcing some of the act 's central provisions . We will continue to vigorously defend the law as we proceed through the appeals process . " Ahead of the injunction , Justice Department officials met with civic and religious leaders in Alabama Friday morning . Assistant Attorney General Tom Perez told reporters that local leaders are concerned about reports of increased bullying in schools and a large absence of Hispanic students from classes . The section of the law that raised those worries is now blocked . Perez also said he is "  absolutely " sure that victims of crime are not going to police out of fear of being deported . Given Friday 's news , that could remain a concern . Three or four Justice Department lawyers remain in Alabama investigating the impact of the law , Perez said . State officials confirm an unspecified number of Hispanics and other immigrants have left the state , many in fear of being arrested or targeted by police . Workers in the agriculture , landscaping , food service , maintenance , and construction fields in particular have not been showing up on the job . Many immigrant rights groups have launched workplace boycotts in recent days . In addition to the Justice Department , other opponents of the measure -- including state church leaders and the American Civil Liberties Union -- had filed their own separate lawsuits against the state . "  H.B. 56 creates a panoply of new state offenses that criminalize , among other things , an alien 's failure to comply with federal registration requirements that were enacted pursuant to Congress 's exclusive power to regulate immigration , " said the brief from the federal government . But the state argued it was only helping Washington enforce existing laws . "  Does it really cause harm to the United States when a state informs the federal government of persons who are in violation of federal law , and then leaves it to the federal government to decide whether to initiate deportation proceedings ? " wrote Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange . "  Of course not . " Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley , who signed the law in June , has said it would not have been needed "  if the federal government would have done its job and enforced the laws dealing with this problem . However , they have failed to do that . " He added , "  This law was never designed to hurt fellow human beings . " Republican Alabama state Rep. John Merrill told CNN in June that the legislation would be "  good for Alabama " because it would reduce illegal immigration to the state and "  provide equal opportunities for all people who want to come to Alabama legally . " In August , leaders from the Episcopal , Methodist and Catholic churches of Alabama separately sued Alabama 's governor , its attorney general and a district attorney over the law . Bishops from two of those churches have opposed the provision preventing the harboring or transporting of undocumented aliens , saying it violated their "  religious liberties . " "  We will continue to provide food , shelter , transportation , housing , and the church 's sacraments to all of God 's people , regardless of race , class , or citizenship status , " said a joint statement by Bishop Henry N. Parsley Jr. of the Episcopal Church 's Alabama Diocese and Bishop William H. Willimon of the United Methodist 's North Alabama Conference . The Mexican government had also appealed , arguing the law would promote racial profiling , targeting Hispanics especially . Alabama in its legal briefs noted a 145 % rise in its Hispanic population , numbering around 186,000 , or 4 % of the population . Lawmakers promoting the legislation said it was motivated mainly to protect jobs of its citizens and legal residents . Alabama 's law is considered the strictest in the nation . Key portions of Arizona 's immigration reform law have also been blocked while a federal appeals court and the U.S. Supreme Court consider various challenges . Similar challenges are taking place in Indiana and South Carolina . The case is U.S. v. Alabama  11-14532  .	The 11th Circuit acts on a Justice Department request to put the law on hold The Obama administration says immigration control is for the federal government alone The state will be allowed to enforce some sections of the law
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- On a recent day in Los Angeles , hordes of Depeche Mode fans made their way toward the intersection of Hollywood and Vine for a free concert by their heroes on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live . " A smiling  !  Dave Gahan performs in Los Angeles in late April . Most were clad in black T-shirts and black pants -- the uniform of the true Depeche Mode devotee . The three members of Depeche Mode are still partial to wearing black , but their attitude is a lot lighter and brighter than their music and history would suggest . Thirteen years ago , singer Dave Gahan famously died from a drug overdose and was brought back to life by paramedics at the Sunset Marquis hotel down the road . Since then , he 's given up drugs and taken up yoga and songwriting , the latter being what used to be the exclusive domain of guitarist Martin Gore  who has since sobered up himself  . It 's changed the dynamics of the trio , known for such hits as "  Personal Jesus , " but in a good way , says Depeche Mode keyboardist Andy Fletcher . CNN spoke to the group 's members about Depeche Mode 's new album , "  Sounds of the Universe , " their three decades in the business and the effects of heavy drinking . The following is an edited version of the interview . Watch the band perform , laugh " CNN : Have you looked outside the window to see the street closures out there , and 10,000 people gathering ? Andy Fletcher :  All three members laugh  It ca n't be happening . It 's not anything to do with us . U2 are probably in town . CNN : Closing down the street for a free concert is a big deal in Hollywood . Dave Gahan : When we were first approached to do it , we were kind of in some trepidation about what it was really going to be , and if people were going to show up . CNN : Were you afraid that only two people were going to show up ? Gahan : Well , we 're always like that -- until we actually go on stage and see the people . CNN : I ca n't believe it 's been almost 30 years since Depeche Mode first formed . Gahan : I think next year is our 30th year . Fletcher : To be honest , I think at first when we found out it was going to be 30 years , I think it was , "  Oh my God , how embarrassing . We 're really old ! " But I think now we 've really got our heads around it , and I think it 's something to be actually proud of . CNN : On your last album , "  Playing the Angel , " there was a little tension because Martin , for the most part , had written all of the songs -- and Dave wanted to contribute to the writing process . But on the new CD , "  Sounds of the Universe , " it seems as though everybody was more comfortable sharing songwriting duties . Gahan : When I kind of approached the band with a whole bunch of demos and said , "  I want half the songs on the record , " of course that did n't go down well  on the last album  . I was a little bit overconfident , as well . But to me , it was just the excitement about this new thing , which was writing . There 's no way I could go back to not being involved in the writing . Martin Gore : To be honest , I think it 's one of the big factors in Depeche Mode being much stronger now , and being better . I think Dave is a great frontman ... Gahan : Thanks , man ! Gore : ... and singing someone else 's lyrics , he 's great . But I think now he really believes he contributes so much more to the band . So I think it 's made the band -- the atmosphere between us -- much better , actually . So it 's been a good thing . CNN : Martin , you 've given up drinking . Gore : Yeah . It 's been about three years now . It makes a big difference . Gahan : He is a changed man . There 's a different side of Martin that has always been there , but sometimes it gets clouded when the drinking and stuff becomes more important than anything else . I think it got to that phase on the last tour , and Martin was the one that stood up and said , "  You know what ? I 've got to stop this . " It 's sort of one of those cliches , one of those myths , that you have to be really messed up to do something cool artistically . CNN : Did you believe that ? Gahan : Yeah , I did for awhile . Yeah . When it 's not actually producing anything creative at all , you 're in trouble . CNN : So Andy , in the meantime , you 've got two sober bandmates over here . Gahan : It 's good for me , as well .  Gahan and Gore laugh heartily  . Gore : He 's cut down to 50 units a week now ! Fletcher : I 've cut down but -- Gahan : He 's under pressure . Fletcher : These things are happening to make the atmosphere better . So it 's got to be good . Gahan : Martin 's always worked very hard on his songs , and they 've always been great . Fletcher : He also worked very hard on his drinking .  Everyone laughs  . You know , when it takes over , it 's not funny anymore . But in the studio , when we made this record , Mart was the first there and the last to leave , and worked really , really hard , was really focused -- and that was a joy to be around . It felt great . Gore : I used to put in , like , maybe three hours and then have to go home on the last hour . CNN : Do you feel there 's less tolerance for that type of excessive behavior in music these days ? Gore : I think being in a band is probably the only job when you 're actively encouraged to be out of it most of the time . You know , people like seeing people in bands being messed up . And , you know , people are always buying you drinks . They want to see you like that . CNN : So what do you tell them now ? Gore : I just -- I do n't go out that much anymore .  Everyone laughs CNN : You stay and do yoga with Dave , right ? Gahan : Not yet . We have n't gotten to that phase yet . That 's a bit scary -- to start doing yoga together . CNN : Stranger things have happened after 30 years . Gahan : It takes a lot of hard work , and it takes a lot of discipline as well , to continue doing this . You 've got to somehow learn to enjoy doing this . There 's different phases over the years of the three decades . When we started out , we were barely out of our teenage years . Of course we had a lot of fun for many , many years -- going out to parties , and clubs and bars . But , you know , there comes a time when you have to draw the line .	Depeche Mode 's new album is "  Sounds of the Universe " New work features songs by singer Dave Gahan , which is unusual Band , known for "  Personal Jesus " and other songs , is nearing 30 years in music
CNN  -- Mark Webber claimed his first victory of 2011 as he relegated his Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel to second place in the season-ending race in Brazil . The Australian took the lead on the 30th lap as Vettel was under team orders to nurse a serious gearbox problem . Until then , Germany 's Vettel had looked set to cap his triumphant season with his 12th race win . He had led off his record 15th pole position with Webber taking close order in second place . But after the first round of pit stops , the technical problem on the normally ever reliable Red Bull of the two-time champion came to light . McLaren 's Jenson Button overtook Fernando Alonso of Ferrari for the final podium position late in the race to retain second spot in the championship behind Vettel . Abu Dhabi winner Lewis Hamilton went out with a faulty gearbox in the second McLaren as he bid unsuccessfully for back-to-back victories . But few could begrudge Webber his belated win , repeating his 2009 success at the same circuit and his seventh career triumph in F1 . "  Seb did a great lap for pole , but today I had the rub of the green . It would have been nice to have a race with Seb all the way through but he had a problem , " he told the post-race media conference . "  I enjoyed the last few laps . It 's always nice when I could pit a bit later than people and cover people off . Nice way to finish , " he added . "  It was a real shame for me as I had a good start , " said Vettel . Home hope Felipe Massa claimed fifth place in the second Ferrari with Adrian Sutil an excellent sixth for Force India . Nico Rosberg of Mercedes finished seventh with rookie Paul Di Resta in eighth in the second Force India car . Kamui Kobayashi of Sauber and Vitaly Petrov for Renault rounded out the point-scoring .	Red Bull 's Mark Webber claims first win of season at Brazil GP Teammate and two-time champion Sebastian Vettel finishes second Vettel was leading until his car had gearbox problem
In a move disavowed by the Libyan government , a retired military general led Libyan troops and other forces loyal to him in a deadly attack Friday against Islamist militants in and around the eastern city of Benghazi , Libyan media reported . At least 12 people were killed and 91 others were injured in clashes around the country 's second-largest city , Libyan state news agency LANA said Friday , citing local hospitals . Retired Libyan Gen. Khalifa Haftar , who participated in the 2011 rebellion that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi , launched the attack that supporters said was an attempt to clear the city of extremist groups , CNN affiliate Libya Awalan TV reported . The Libyan government and the military command in Tripoli reacted with alarm , saying that they did n't order the attack , and that the operation -- which they conceded included some Libyan soldiers -- amounted to a "  coup . " That such a force could mount an attack without the government 's blessing underscores the difficulty that Tripoli -- more than 400 miles to the west -- has had in trying to influence a dire situation in Benghazi , where Islamist groups have been blamed for near daily assassinations , bombings and kidnappings against security forces . A Libyan air force plane and 120 military vehicles took part in the unauthorized operation against the militants , acting Prime Minister Abduallah al-Thinni said on Libyan state-run TV . Residents of Benghazi , meanwhile , told CNN that they saw more than one military plane overhead Friday . It was n't clear how many of the operation 's fighters were members of the North African country 's military . "  Their movements are against military orders issued by the legitimate authorities , " al-Thinni said , adding that he felt the move undermined government-sanctioned efforts to fight militants in Benghazi . Haftar led the operation , Libyan army Chief of Staff Abdul Salam Jad said , describing the attack as an "  attempted coup on legitimacy , " according to Libya 's official LANA news agency . Retired general had promised action Haftar was a commander under Gadhafi before the general defected in the 1980s . Haftar was in exile in the United States until he returned for the 2011 rebellion . In recent months , Haftar toured cities in eastern Libya , promising some kind of military offensive to purge Benghazi -- the cradle of the 2011 revolution against Gadhafi -- of Islamist extremist groups . Haftar 's overtures came amid rising frustration in Benghazi that Tripoli has n't been able to staunch radical Islamist militant groups ' presence and influence , which has been rising since the revolution . Residents and officials have blamed the violence that has gripped Benghazi on groups including Ansar al Sharia . The United States designated that group a terrorist organization this year , and has accused it of being involved in the 2012 attack that killed four Americans -- including Ambassador Christopher Stevens -- at a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi . Official Libyan security forces have struggled to deal with hostile militias , so the government has relied on other militias , many on the state 's payroll , in an attempt to enhance security . But various other political forces also have relied on militias , leaving the country awash in armed groups -- many who refused to disband after the revolution -- with competing agendas and loyalties . Al-Thinni called on government-sanctioned militias Friday to "  practice self-restraint " and keep abiding by the Army 's orders , "  The government calls on the people in the capital of the revolution , Benghazi , to be calm and  to  support the legitimacy of the ... revolution and its police and army , " al-Thinni said on state TV . Algeria temporarily closes embassy in Tripoli , citing unspecified threats Meanwhile , Algeria temporarily closed its embassy and consulate in Libya 's capital due to a "  real and imminent threat " against its diplomats and consular staff in Libya , the Algerian Foreign Ministry said Friday , according to Algerian state-run news agency Algerie Presse Service . The ministry described the move in Tripoli as an "  urgent and protective measure in coordination with Libyan authorities after receiving confirmed information about a real threat against our diplomats and consular staff , " according to APS . Libyan government officials were not immediately available for comment .	Libyan media : Retired Gen. Khalifa Haftar leads offensive against Benghazi militants Offensive includes Libyan military forces , but attack not authorized by Tripoli , government says Acting Prime Minister says unauthorized action amounts to "  coup " At least 12 killed , 91 injured in Benghazi-area clashes , state-run news agency says
More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country 's government cracked down on drug cartels . Mexico 's Interior Ministry announced the staggering statistic on Tuesday but noted that authorities do n't have data about how many of the disappearances are connected with organized crime . The 26,121 disappearances occurred during former President Felipe Calderon 's six-year administration , which ended on December 1 when Enrique Pena Nieto assumed the presidency . Pena Nieto 's government has formed a special working group to focus on finding the missing , said Lia Limon , deputy secretary of legal matters and human rights for Mexico 's Interior Ministry . Locating people "  is a priority for this government , " Limon told reporters . The release of the government statistics Tuesday comes several days after a report from Human Rights Watch said Mexican security forces were connected with the disappearances of at least 149 people during Calderon 's tenure . "  President Pena Nieto has inherited one of worst crises of disappearances in the history of Latin America , " Jose Miguel Vivanco , the organization 's Americas director , said in a statement . In the northern Mexican state of Coahuila alone , officials reported nearly 2,000 disappearances between 2006 and 2012 , Human Rights Watch said . Rights groups and activists have long said that forced disappearances are among the most troubling problems Mexico faces and have cautioned that reliable statistics are hard to come by because many such cases are unreported . The human toll of Mexico 's drug war Limon said Tuesday that the data federal authorities have do n't specify what caused the disappearances . She said the list could include people who have emigrated out of the country or fled because of family conflicts , in addition to people who were kidnapped . Authorities will need several weeks to release data about the number of disappearances since Pena Nieto took office , she said , due to "  inconsistencies " in the data . Critics have accused Mexico 's government of not doing enough to find the missing and punish those responsible . In many instances , families frustrated with a sluggish response from authorities have searched themselves for missing loved ones . Read more : The ` open wounds ' of Mexico 's drug war In October 2011 , Calderon said the "  very high " number of missing people was a growing concern . He listed them among the victims of violence that he described as "  open wounds " in Mexican society . "  We do n't know the size of the problem , " the president said during a speech inaugurating a new prosecutor 's office aimed at helping victims . Human Rights Watch said last week that it sees a ray of hope in the new administration . "  The Pena Nieto government has been very open so far about acknowledging the scale of the problem and the work that remains for them , " said Nik Steinberg , a Mexico researcher for the organization . "  The real question will be : are they ready to investigate and prosecute these cases ? " Mexican blogger vows to fight despite threats	Mexico 's interior minister says 26,121 people disappeared from 2006-2012 It 's unclear how many of the disappearances are connected with organized crime Official : Locating people "  is a priority for this government "
CNN  -- Youths have rioted on the streets of Athens and other Greek cities for the past three days . Stores and cars have been torched , barricades erected and rioters have fought running battles with police . Athens riot police come under attack near the capital 's main police station Sunday . The unrest came after police shot dead teenager Alexandros Grigoropoulos , 15 , who they allege was about to throw a fuel-filled device at them , as a gang of youths pelted a patrol vehicle . What has been the political reaction to the unrest ? The Greek government , led by Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis ' center-right New Democracy party since 2004 , has appealed for calm . Interior minister Prokopis Pavlopoulos and his deputy tendered their resignations , but this offer was rejected by Karamanlis . The government has been quick to condemn the death of Grigoropoulos in a bid to defuse the crisis . Two police officers have been arrested . Watch youths riot in Greece " "  An investigation is under way and those found responsible with be punished , " said Pavlopoulos Sunday . "  Measures will also be taken to avoid such incidents again in the future . " Much of the violence have been blamed on self-styled anarchists -- although opposition parties have been quick to blame the Greek government for the crisis . The Communist party has announced that a rally will take place in Athens Monday . See images of anarchy on Greek streets " Is there a wider political context to the unrest ? Greece has endured a tumultuous 18 months . Karamanlis called a snap election in mid-2007 to back his proposals for reforming Greece 's social and economic system , including the privatization of ailing public institutions such as Olympic Airlines . He has argued that such reforms are necessary if Greece is to compete with the rest of Europe and the wider world . Karamanlis assured workers -- one in five of whom lives below the poverty line according to government statistics -- that massive layoffs would not result from the reforms . What happened ? Just weeks before the September election , forest fires ravaged much of Greece , leaving at least 70 people dead . Many blamed Greece 's slow bureaucracy for not responding quickly enough to the disaster . For his part Karamanlis suggested that the blazes might have been set by political extremists ahead of the vote -- a claim that his left-wing rivals claimed was made to destabilize the nation . Karamanlis was re-elected for a second term -- but only by a slim majority . How have the reform plans fared ? Not well . Union leaders -- who represent around half the Greek workforce to a union -- have argued that planned pensions reforms , which would end most forms of early retirement , fail to protect workers . "  It is unjust and unfair to all categories of workers , mainly working mothers and young people entering the labor force , " Yiannis Panagopoulos , head of GSEE , one of the two main labor unions , said in March . The government has argued that such reforms are especially necessary , given how the nation 's low birthrate will likely impose a burden on future generations . There have been several strikes during the past year that at various times have hit all transport networks , including international airports , schools , courts , banks , public offices , hospitals , utilities and media organizations . At times garbage has been left uncollected and homes and offices have suffered power blackouts . A demonstration in Athens during the latest general strike during October descended into skirmishes as protesters confronted police , who responded with tear gas . The worldwide financial crisis has hit Greece hard as well . The government has been forced to cut ambitious growth targets , despite a projected GDP growth of about 3 percent -- above fellow Eurozone nations . Flagging revenues have also forced the government to impose new taxes on capital gains and the self-employed , and also to bring forward plans for privatization . Is there a history of unrest in Greece ? Greece gave the world the word and ideal "  democracy " and has itself enjoyed a period of political stability since the mid 1970s . A member of NATO and the European Union , it became a parliamentary democracy in 1952 following civil unrest after the end of World War II . But a coup in 1967 saw the army take control , ban elections and institute a repressive right-wing junta that eventually abolished the monarchy in 1973 . Civil unrest saw the overthrow of the regime and the introduction of a republic in 1975 . Since then Greece has gradually sought to redefine and modernize its image , especially during the past decade , staging the Olympics in 2004 and attempting to forge stronger ties with Turkey , its traditional rival . But Greece has not been without civil strike beyond street demonstrations . For more than two decades the November 17 terror group carried out at least 25 murders against Greeks and other nationals , including the assassinations of U.S. CIA Athens chief Richard Welch in 1975 and British diplomat Brigadier Stephen Saunders in 2000 . The remaining members of the group were eventually caught in 2002 . What next for Greece ? Even if the street violence subsides , the political pressure on Karamanlis is unlikely to subside -- more so given how he has staked his name on economic reform . His administration survived a turbulent 2007 -- and 2008 has given Greece more of the same .	Greece has endured unrest with youths battling police on the streets Government has endured a rocky year as it tries to introduce economic reform Opposition parties , unions , argue planned changes will harm workers Greece has had a period of democracy since military junta overthrown in 1970s
CNN  -- The possible discovery of salmonella has prompted a limited recall of Skippy reduced-fat peanut butter spreads sold in 16 states , its parent company announced . Unilever issued a press release Friday detailing a voluntary recall of Skippy 's "  Reduced Fat Creamy " and "  Reduced Fat Super Chunk " brands . The recall applies only to these branded items distributed in Arkansas , Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Wisconsin . While there have been no known illnesses , the recall was issued for fear that some of the peanut butter now in stores had salmonella . The press release said that Unilever acted after inspectors conducting "  routine sampling " found that "  finished products may contain the bacteria . " There was no indication of where exactly the contamination was found , its severity or what steps were being taken to address it beyond the recall . The recalled products are sold in 16.3-ounce plastic jars , have UPC codes of 048001006812 or 048001006782 and have best-if-used-by-dates of May 16-21 , 2012 , on the top , the company statement said . Those with such jars should throw them away and call Skippy at 1-800-453-3432 to get a replacement coupon , according to Unilever . The Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey-based company issued the recall in conjunction with the Food and Drug Administration , which posted a copy of Unilever 's statement on its government website . Salmonella is a bacterial infection that usually lasts four to seven days . About 40,000 cases of salmonellosis are reported each year in the United States , according to the CDC . Those who get it typically develop fever , abdominal cramps and diarrhea between 12 and 72 hours after becoming infected . Most people recover on their own , without needing significant treatment . But salmonella in very young and very old people , as well as those with weakened immune systems , can lead to severe illness and even death . The CDC recommends that anyone suspecting he or she may be ill from eating contaminated food should talk to a doctor .	Salmonella was discovered during "  routine sampling , " the company says Unilever says it has no reports of people getting sick from eating the peanut butter Skippy reduced-fat creamy , chunky peanut butter recalled Friday The recall applies to jars sold in certain states and May 2012 best-if-used-by dates
EW.com  -- The MTV Movie Awards not only generated some wild headlines thanks to Aubrey Plaza , but it also posted some decent ratings . Aubrey Plaza escorted out of MTV Movie Awards The annual awards fest averaged 3.8 million viewers , and was up 21 percent versus the previous year among the network 's core 12-34 viewers , according to Nielsen . The news was even better in the older demographics : MTV saw a 45 percent increase versus last year among persons 18-34 , and a 44 percent jump among persons 18-49 . Overall , the telecast averaged 4.8 million among all the Viacom-owned nets that aired it  MTV , VH1 , MTV2 and Logo  . Check out the winners for the MTV Movie Awards ! "  The Avengers " was the big winner at the MTV Movie Awards , where it took home three golden popcorn trophies for Best Fight , Best Villain , and Best Movie . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This year 's MTV Movie Awards averaged 3.8 million viewers It was up 21 percent versus the prior year in the network 's core 12-34 demographic The show also saw a spike in ratings in the 18-34 and 18-49 demos
CNN  It 's outrage time again . This time it 's over a "  Saturday Night Live " commercial parody that aired over the weekend . The subject  take a deep breath and prepare to be shocked  : ISIS . Yes , that barbaric terrorist group was ridiculed in a parody of a Toyota Camry commercial . The original Toyota ad depicted a father driving his daughter to the airport . He then tearfully says goodbye as his daughter heads off to join the U.S. Army . In the "  SNL " parody , the daughter is played by Dakota Johnson , star of the hugely successful S&M film "  50 Shades of Grey . "  Good to see America has gotten over being offended by the mainstreaming of S&M .  As the parody commercial ends , however , it 's revealed that the daughter is not joining the Army , but ISIS . We then see a pickup filled with ISIS fighters drive up as a worried Dad comments to his daughter : "  You be careful , OK ? " Johnson replies reassuringly : "  Dad ! It 's just ISIS . " The father then turns to an ISIS fighter and says , with emotion , "  Take care of her . " In reply , the militant whispers : "  Death to America . " And ... cue the outrage !! Twitter lit up instantly . Twitter user @ematrudo called NBC and "  SNL " "  Tasteless Scum ! " And Steve Bucci of conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation even went as far as to tweet : "  SNL ISIS skit also draws a moral equivalence between ISIS murderers and the U.S. Military  based on the spoofed commercial  , that is wrong . " Some , apparently in the minority if the media coverage is any indication , also praised "  SNL " : But my favorite tweet was this one : @kmorrison is 100 % correct . The sketch mocked ISIS and on some level those who would fall for its sales pitch , like , perhaps , the three young British girls who reportedly headed to join them . Comically skewering ISIS is exactly the right thing to do -- it should be done even more . In fact , in Lebanon , the United Arab Emirates and even in Iraq , where ISIS is slaughtering people , brave Muslim comedians are ridiculing ISIS on TV , in YouTube videos and in cartoons . And I can assure you that if ISIS were to catch these comedians , it would n't just tweet about its outrage , it would kill them . So why do these comedians take the chance ? Because , they say , it undermines ISIS , and also , for many , it is cathartic to laugh at the terrorists , as opposed to shivering in fear about them . This is the same reason Mel Brooks featured "  Springtime for Hitler " in his hit musical comedy , "  The Producers " : It was a way of using comedy as revenge . Brooks saw it as a way to rob Hitler of his power  even if posthumously  by causing audiences to laugh at him . What 's more , the "  SNL " parody makes an important but subtle point . On the side of the ISIS pickup , the Arabic writing does not state a religious expression . Rather it says , "  I love cats . " As someone who worked at "  SNL " for eight years , I can assure you this was not happenstance , but rather was by design . To me , the "  I love cats " line shows that "  SNL " grasps what many on the right refuse to . As I heard firsthand when I attended the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism two weeks ago , ISIS will despicably use any means to recruit people . Consequently , as ludicrous as it may seem , saying "  we love cats " to young girls is not beyond ISIS . When I look at the outrage over this "  SNL " political parody , I have to wonder : Were n't we all "  Je suis Charlie Hebdo " just a few weeks ago ? Remember when we stood firmly with political satirists . Well , apparently that sentiment ended for some as soon as they saw political satire they did n't like . I understand that some will be offended by political comedy with which they do n't agree . But in a time when freedom of expression is under attack , if you are offended by political satire on TV , then change the channel .	Dean Obeidallah : Twitter blew up over "  Saturday Night Live " skit about girl joining ISIS He says ridiculing and laughing at terrorists undermines them , diminishes their power
Baghdad  CNN  -- Three bombings targeted Shiite pilgrims Monday in and around Karbala , Iraq , killing at least 33 people , officials said . A suicide car bombing in the small town of Twareej , just outside Karbala , killed at least 20 people and wounded 35 others , Interior Ministry officials said . Earlier , at least 13 people died when a car bomb exploded in a Karbala bus station crowded with Shiite pilgrims , who had traveled to the city for a religious observance , according to the Interior Ministry . Another 45 people were wounded in the attack , which came near the peak of the Arbaeen , a religious observance that is one of the holiest days in the Shiite religious calendar . An hour after the bus station bombing , a roadside bomb targeting Shiite pilgrims exploded in Karbala , wounding six people . Karbala is located about 100 kilometers  60 miles  south of Baghdad . The dead and wounded included women and children , and were among the hundreds of thousands of Shiite pilgrims who have gathered in Karbala for the observance . The Arbaeen is the culmination of 40 days of mourning for Imam Hussein , a grandson of Mohammed who died in a 7th century battle in Karbala . The latest explosions come four days after multiple bombings that left 50 people dead and 150 wounded , most of them Shiite pilgrims . Also Monday morning , the governor of Iraq 's Salaheddin province escaped unharmed after his convoy hit a roadside bomb in central Tikrit , police said . Five of Gov. Ahmed Abdullah 's guards were wounded in the attack , Tikrit police said . Tikrit is about 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of Baghdad . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report	NEW : At least 33 killed in 2 bombings The explosions targeted Shiite pilgrims in Karbala for a religious observance Police say 5 of Salaheddin Gov. Ahmed Abdullah 's guards are wounded in another blast
CNN  -- As a child , I looked forward to nothing more than the dazzling Fourth of July laser and fireworks show in Stone Mountain Park near Atlanta , Georgia . It was family tradition to eat a hearty meal at an Indian restaurant and then watch the show on the crowded lawn of the park . One year , as I struggled to eat my melting ice cream , a man sitting near us taunted , "  What planet are y' all from ? " I observed my family , attired in their extravagant Indian clothes and scarves from the restaurant party . For the first time , I wondered if we really did not belong in America , celebrating its Independence Day . I usually hear the friendly version of this question . When my parents are asked , "  Where are you from ? " and answer "  Georgia , " it is not surprising to hear the follow-up , "  I mean where are you from ? " after which they will understandingly answer "  originally from India . " But when the latter question is posed to me , I can only shrug helplessly and repeat , "  Georgia . " I used to wonder if I was being facetious in offering such a simple answer , but I honestly do n't know what else to say . The same is true when I 'm occasionally told to "  go back where I came from . " I do n't just brush these comments aside , as many immigrants to America bravely do , but really question my identity by asking myself : Where would I possibly call home except Georgia , where I was born and raised , or Massachusetts , where I have been educated ? To put it in perspective , if all of us "  went back to where we came from , " meaning the places of our family origin , there would be nobody in America except for Native Americans , and the rest of us would be in a predicament . The popularized "  clash of civilizations " thesis would suggest that racial and especially religious elements of my background conflict with my identity as an American . Many people genuinely believe that you have to fit a certain racial and religious archetype to be a "  real American . " I am a Muslim and I am an American . My religion teaches me to treat others with dignity and respect , speak the truth , and accept one God as my creator and sustainer . A religious loyalty to God certainly does n't make anyone less of an American , or three of the largest religions in the United States would not belong here . But sometimes , people assume that Muslims must also have a specific loyalty to another country that precludes their patriotism to America . Contrary to this misconception , there is no such concept in Islam . A fair study of Islamic and American values would find corroboration , not contradiction . While the 2010 U.S. Census will not ask for my religion , it will ask for my racial background . When my parents came decades ago , they were alternately identified as "  Asian " and even "  Caucasian , " since according to United States v. Bhagat Singh Thind , South Asians are Caucasian , although not white like Europeans and Middle Easterners . They were surprised that color was a determinant of their ethnic categorization . Racial classification has become clearer since then , and I will choose the "  Asian Indian " option on the Census , an element of my identity that influences my love for rich South Asian food , clothes and literary traditions . But I would be a stranger in my parents ' birthplace of India . Ironically , it took my being an alien in foreign lands to realize just how American I was . In Britain I was told , "  Nafees , you want to see everything , just like an American . " Turks discovered that my odd habit of drinking cold tea came from my Georgia origins . The Dutch guessed I was American based on the way I "  carried myself . " I could n't erase my apparently nasal American accent from my French in Paris . Indians tell me only an American can justify four years of liberal arts , as opposed to vocational , education . Of course , some comments were based on foreign exaggerations of what "  American " means , and some I still do n't really understand . But obviously , America has shaped who I am . What was even more significant was that the speakers never saw my religion or ethnic origin in tension with my nationality . Neither do I . There are three important dimensions in my life -- my religion , my ethnicity and my country -- and they are all at peace .	Nafees Syed and family at July 4th fireworks when a man said , "  What planet are y' all from ? " Syed says if we all "  went back to where we came from , " only Native Americans would be left People mistakenly think Muslims are loyal to another country above U.S. , she says Born in U.S.A. , Syed says it took being "  in foreign lands to realize just how American I was "
CNN  -- Social media is all abuzz with the latest video from the Queen B herself -- Beyonce . It 's a silly little dance ditty called "  7/11 . " It 's Bey and some "  girlfriends " prancing in and around a high-rise -- mostly in their underwear -- vamping for the camera . It 's a low-budget affair , but still scoring big with her fans . The video quickly racked up hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube and was trending on Twitter and Facebook . Even convenience store chain 7-Eleven saw fit to capitalize on the buzz . So , what 's the occasion ? Beyonce has a new album coming out on Monday , giving the video all weekend to generate interest and presumably sales . It 's really not even a new album . It 's a platinum edition of 2013 's "  Beyonce , " which includes a few extra songs and a higher price tag . Top earning woman Beyonce is good at raking in the cash . The superstar singer has topped the Forbes list of the top-earning women in music for the second in a row . In the list released earlier this month , Beyonce earned an estimated $ 115 million for 2014 , more than doubling 2013 's $ 53 million , which topped last year 's list . "  Beyonce played 95 shows during our scoring period , bringing in an average $ 2.4 million per city , " Forbes reports . "  She added endorsement deals from the likes of H&M and Pepsi -- plus her self-titled surprise album , which hit iTunes in December 2013 and quickly became one of the year 's top sellers -- to send her income into nine-figure territory . " Taylor Swift came in second with $ 64 million in earnings . Pink ranked No. 3 with $ 52 million , followed by Rihanna with $ 48 million and Katy Perry with $ 40 million . Forbes bases its list on calculating income from record and merchandise sales , touring , endorsements , publishing and other ventures , without deducting for management and/or attorney fees . It 's good to be Queen B.	The song features Bey and some "  girlfriends " prancing in and around a high-rise The song is from the platinum edition of her self titled album "  Beyonce " Beyonce was the top-earning woman in music for 2014
CNN  -- You still can buy bling in West Hollywood -- or a pencil dress or a floppy hat or anything else you 've seen a celebrity wear on the red carpet . Unless it 's furry . As of Saturday , it 's against the law in West Hollywood to sell fur apparel . The ban , two years in the making , is the latest measure taken by a city that considers itself "  the Humane Capital of the United States . " West Hollywood also regulates chicken cages and passed what the city says was the first ordinance banning the declawing of cats . Some residents planned to celebrate the new ordinance with a rally and vegan pizza party , CNN affiliate KCAL-TV reported . But not everyone is thrilled . The West Hollywood Chamber of Commerce said the ban is unfair to the city 's fashion businesses , KCAL-TV reported . Pawn shops still can deal in fur , and individuals can wear fur and bring back fur products they bought elsewhere . Violators of the ban on fur sale are subject to fines starting at $ 250 . CNN 's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .	West Hollywood calls itself the "  Humane Capital of the United States " Other regulations and bans imposed by the city : Chicken cages and the declawing of cats Selling clothing with fur could cost you $ 250 Vegans rejoice the move while the Chamber of Commerce is less than thrilled
As a school nurse in Rochester , Michigan , Ronda Harrison has more than 15,000 students in 23 buildings under her care . She works out of the district 's administrative offices and spends her days giving PowerPoint presentations to educators and communicating with parents over the phone . " -LSB- It is -RSB- scary the fact that I 'm responsible for so many schools , " Harrison said . "  I miss being ` Nurse Ronda . ' " The 16-year veteran has seen a lot of changes during her career as a nationally certified school nurse , but most notable is the shrinking ranks of her colleagues . Michigan has the highest student-to-school nurse ratio in the country at 4,411 to 1 , according to the National Association of School Nurses . Utah is n't far behind , with a ratio of 3,637 to 1 . This means nurses are handling bigger caseloads , Harrison said , while students ' medical needs are becoming more complex . And educators are now the ones doling out daily medication . It 's not all bad news , said Linda Davis-Alldritt , president of the National Association of School Nurses . Overall , there has been an increase in funded school nurse positions in the U.S. in the last decade . But the numbers vary significantly by state , and some districts have no school nurses at all . The bottom line , Davis-Alldritt said , is that the school nurse 's job tends to be at risk during budget cut time . "  The big question for parents to ask when they drop their child off at school is , ` Who 's going to be taking care of my kid 's health care needs ? ' " Davis-Alldritt said . " ` What if my child gets sick ? Who 's going to take care of them ? What are their qualifications ? ' That 's an important question for parents to ask , and the school needs to have the answers . " It was certainly a question Wendy Rose asked when she and her husband moved their three children to Peoria , Arizona . Their 8-year-old daughter , Adalyne , has type 1 diabetes and celiac disease . The first requires constant monitoring of Adalyne 's blood glucose levels ; the second a gluten-free diet . "  Our school nurse has been invaluable , " Rose said . "  Insulin is a really tricky hormone -- a little in either direction can have drastic results . In reality , it could kill her . I would be very , very nervous sending her to a school environment for a large chunk of her day -LSB- with -RSB- no one there to monitor her . " Ever year before school starts , Rose meets with Adalyne 's nurse , a member of the administration and all the educators she will be encountering -- from the art teacher to the librarian . A registered nurse herself , Rose had no qualms about putting up fliers around the school with her daughter 's photo that said , "  My name is Adalyne . I have diabetes " to alert staff if they noticed her wandering around looking confused because of low blood sugar . Adalyne is not alone . One in every 400 children has type 1 diabetes , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and children are more frequently developing type 2 diabetes , normally an adult disease linked to obesity . In addition , the prevalence of reported food allergies in children increased 18 % between 1997 and 2007 . That 's not to mention children with asthma or mental health issues . Often , the people administering medication in schools are secretaries , principals or teachers . They 're given instructions by parents or the district 's supervising nurse but have little understanding of what the results should be , Davis-Alldritt said . "  Yes , they can give the medication -- that 's not really hard , " she said . "  But it is really difficult to teach someone how to assess how that medication is working , or how it 's not working . " Anecdotally , Davis-Alldritt has heard about mistakes made by untrained staff : the child who got ADHD medication twice from a busy principal ; the secretary who did n't know how to properly work an insulin pen and ended up giving none ; the child in Washington who died because no one knew to reach for her allergy autoinjector . She recommends that parents advocate for more school nurses in their district and check in with the staff that handles any health needs . "  Parents have a strong , powerful voice , and they want to make sure their child goes to school and comes home and in the interim is protected and safe . "	Michigan has the highest student-to-school nurse ratio in the country , at 4,411 to 1 Nurses are handling bigger caseloads as students ' medical needs become more complex Parents should ask who is in charge of their kid 's health while at school , expert says
If there was a musician who transcended the difficult boundaries between East and West , it was sitar maestro Ravi Shankar . Panditji , as he was known to his fans , did it by remaining true to his craft . "  He was an amazingly pure artist , " says Kartik Seshadri , one of Shankar 's pupils and a sitar master in his own right . Though he 's often thought of in the West as an experimenter and collaborator -- with guitarist George Harrison , violinist Yehudi Menuhin , saxophonist John Coltrane , composer Phillip Glass and conductor Andre Previn -- Shankar was a traditionalist . Indian classical music , as ancient as the scriptures of Hinduism , flowed from his fingers with ease . His music transfixed even those who knew not one iota about the complexities of it . "  That is the beauty of his approach to music and how he was able to transfer that and translate that to an audience in the West , " Seshadri says . Shankar 's music moved from introspective to playful . "  There 's a whole gamut of emotions that finds a place with people , " Seshadri says . Shankar died Tuesday in San Diego , his home for many years . He was 92 and led a life rich with accomplishments and accolades . I was one of those people who was transfixed the first time I listened to Shankar . I was still in high school in Tallahassee , Florida , when Shankar and his troupe came to town for a performance at Florida State University 's music school in December , 1978 . There were only a handful of Indian families in Tallahassee then , and not much was available to us in the way of homeland culture . It was a rare treat for us to be able to see Shankar in concert . My mother was especially excited . She was trained in voice and sang the songs of another talented Indian , Rabindranath Tagore , India 's sole Nobel laureate in literature . She played harmonium with her songs and sometimes , a tanpura , a string instrument that resembles a sitar but has no frets . It was a moment of pride , as well -- in a time when India was known to many of my American friends as a land of human misery . When we wanted to boast of the greatness of our land , we uttered Shankar 's name . A few days before the concert , organizers called my mother with a special request : Could she possibly cook dinner for the musicians ? Shankar was craving a home-cooked Bengali meal . Of course , yes , my mother said . Who would not be honored to cook for the maestro?Then came days of cooking -- spiced rice pilau with raisins and pistachios , chicken curry , lentils and sandesh , a special milk sweet for which Bengalis are famous . On the night of the performance , Opperman Music Hall was packed . The lights dimmed and Shankar 's music filled the air , mellifluous and luscious like the rich silk of a Benarasi sari . Opinion : Ravi Shankar , emissary for world beat I did n't understand the melodic forms and rhythms of the music that was played that night . I knew that he had written the music for director Satyajit Ray 's acclaimed "  Apu Trilogy . " But I was not unlike millions of others who connected Ravi Shankar 's name to the Beatles and to the concert for Bangladesh . I had expected to react in typical teenage fashion with boredom . Instead , I was transported to another sphere . Shankar 's sitar was magical . The rhythms of the performance fell and rose with the improvisation of each melody framework known as a raga . His sitar told of joy and sorrow , of lives led and dreams dashed . The intensity on stage rose as Shankar challenged tabla virtuoso Alla Rakha to match each one of his sitar riffs . I did not just hear a performance that night . I felt it . Later that evening Shankar and Rakha arrived at our house . I sat in awe through every course of my mother 's dinner . It was my introduction to the classical music of my homeland . I realized then that I did n't need to understand the nuances of the notes . Shankar spoke to me in a language that was universal . "  He created an aura of spirituality , " says journalist and musician Partha Banerjee . "  His music transcends the boundaries of race and religion . It is what humanity is all about . "  Harrison dubbed Shankar the "  godfather of world music . " Many Indians like to think of him as their cultural ambassador to the world . Had he been born a Westerner , he might have been a household name like Beethoven or Mozart , Banerjee believes . In later years , Shankar said he was happy to have contributed to bringing the music of India to the West , though he regretted his name forever linked to a 1960s culture of drugs , sex and rock 'n' roll . The music he played , he said , was sacred . Hallowed , even . Not many ordinary Indians I know would eject their Bollywood CDs to listen to Shankar 's sitar . He 's not on top-40 lists . But Ravi Shankar 's gift went beyond his skills on the strings . He possessed an uncommon ability to reach across cultures . He introduced the traditions of my homeland to my friends in America . And he did it by touching their souls . Photos : People we lost in 2012	Ravi Shankar transcended difficult boundaries between East and West He had a way of making the complexities of Indian classical music accessible to people The writer recalls the first time she heard him play He was a name Indians uttered when they wanted to boast of their homeland
Threatening your guests rarely yields smiley happy reviews . It 's a lesson Union Street Guest House in Hudson , New York , learned Monday after the New York Post highlighted the hotel 's attempt to fine wedding parties $ 500 for any negative online reviews posted by any members of their parties . Hundreds of people took to Yelp.com on Monday to complain about the policy and write mostly fake , eviscerating reviews of the property . At one point Monday there were more than 700 reviews on Yelp , but the company had deleted many reviews by Monday afternoon because they did n't reflect "  first-hand experiences , " according to Yelp . "  Trying to prevent your customers from talking about their experiences is bad policy and , in this case , likely unenforceable anyway , " Yelp said . Screen shots of the policy , which had been removed from the hotel website as of Monday afternoon , read "  there will be a $ 500 fine that will be deducted from your deposit for every negative review of USGH placed on any Internet site by anyone in your party and/or attending your wedding or event . " Apparently guests who do n't like their stays at the guest house just do n't understand the historic buildings or region , according to the hotel website . "  Please know that despite the fact that wedding couples love Hudson and our Inn , your friends and families may not , " the website says . "  This is due to the fact that your guests may not understand what we offer -- therefore we expect you to explain that to them . USGH & Hudson are historic . The buildings here are old  but restored  . "  Our bathrooms and kitchens are designed to look old in an artistic ` vintage ' way . Our furniture is mostly hip , period furniture that you would see in many design magazines .  although comfortable and functional -- obviously all beds are brand new .  If your guests are looking for a Marriott type hotel they may not like it here . " CNN.com called the inn repeatedly but only reached a busy signal , and an e-mailed request for comment was not returned . The inn posted an explanation on its Facebook page , which was later removed . "  The policy regarding wedding fines was put on our site as a tongue-in-cheek response to a wedding many years ago . It was meant to be taken down long ago and certainly was never enforced , " the post said . But one Yelp reviewer posted complaints about the policy last year after he posted a negative Yelp review . "  The management of this hotel had the gall to email us twice to threaten us financially about the negative review ! " wrote one reviewer , whose Yelp handle is Rabih Z . He continues : "  Here is an excerpt from their first email : ` please note that your recent on-line review of our Inn will cost the wedding party that left us a deposit $ 500 . This money be charged via the deposit they have left us unless/until it is removed . Any other or future reviews will also be charged to the wedding party  bride & groom  from the guarantee they have provided us . ' " Other parts of the hotel 's website are a little cranky , too . One example : "  We reserve the right to cancel a reservation at any time for any reason . " Another policy about cancellations : "  If your stay is longer than 3 days we do not accept cancellations of any kind . " Positive online reviews equal more hotel revenue , said Josiah Mackenzie , director of ReviewPro , an online hospitality reputation management company . "  The answer is not to fine guests but to use feedback to make changes in your operations , " he told CNN . "  That leads to guests having happier experiences and sharing these reviews on these review sites . "	A Hudson , New York , inn had a policy on its website imposing a fine for bad online reviews Internet users responded with a vengeance , posting negative comments and reviews on Yelp Language about the $ 500 penalty for bad reviews was removed from the inn 's site Fine was "  tongue-in-cheek , " according to a Facebook post that was later removed
CNN  -- Imagine going to the internet to search your name only to find a mug shot from years ago posted on multiple websites . There are publications and websites whose sole purpose is to feature police booking photos . Some make a profit selling advertising around the photos , while other websites are offering , for a price , to remove or hide these images permanently . Donald Andrew McMahon learned about the mug shot business the hard way . In 2003 , McMahon woke up one morning covered in blood , with stab wounds and evicted from his home . McMahon was fired from his job and slept in a gas station bathroom that night . McMahon knew his life was in need of a change . At the time , the then-bartender was dealing with the deaths of his best friend and sister within months of each other , along with a family history of drug abuse . McMahon started using cocaine at age 12 and lived in a drug-induced haze until he was 23 . During those tumultuous years , McMahon was arrested several times , including two instances for driving under the influence of alcohol . These days , McMahon is a happily married , churchgoing father who works at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta . His wife , Andrea McMahon , is a part-time student at the University of Georgia earning a master 's in social work . When they 're not working , life for the McMahons revolves around their 2-year-old daughter , Gemma . It is a much different existence than McMahon once had . "  I 'll be outside watching them and a bag of bricks hits me , " McMahon said at his Norcross , Georgia , home while watching "  Dora " with the family . "  This is me now compared to eight years ago when I was living in a bar . " On paper , McMahon is the quintessential American family man , but his past haunts him in publications and on websites that are using it for profit . Mug Shots Inc. . As part of his recovery , McMahon went to the Internet to check his online image after he read that employers use Google to search the names of potential employees . Having served the time for his crimes , McMahon was shocked to find his mug shot still posted on a website along with others . He contacted the site to have the image removed . He paid a another site to have the mug shot removed only to see his photo show up in four other places . "  It 's like killing one flea and then saying , ` OK the flea problem is done , ' " McMahon said . His frustration built when he contacted the website Reputation.com , which said for $ 7,500 it could not get rid of his image , but could "  bury " it in Internet purgatory . McMahon is not alone in finding his murky past displayed for the public . Caught Up is a Tennessee-based weekly that dubs itself a "  crime-fighting publication . " It features police booking photos . Found primarily in smaller communities throughout Tennessee , Georgia , Florida , Indiana , and Kentucky , the publication showcases people 's names and alleged crimes listed below their mug shots . Caught Up and other similar papers collect mug shots , which are public record , from sheriffs and local police departments , who hand over the information with the names listed in alphabetical order , detailing the criminal charges . These photos are also featured and archived on the publication 's website caughtuplive.com . Caught Up will feature anyone . One issue included OutKast 's Big Boi on the cover after he was arrested on a cruise in late 2011 . "  Sometimes I say I 'm the most popular woman of the small counties because police departments are so grateful , " said Lori Broderick , the media liaison for Caught Up . Broderick is involved in the publication of every paper , which puts out more than 25,000 copies weekly . Broderick , who is also a paralegal , joined the Caught Up team in December 2010 . She feels the mission of the paper is to give people the ability to keep an eye on their communities . She recalls one woman who wanted some extra help with her lawn over the summer . The woman saw a picture of a man listed as a sex offender in Caught Up . It was the same man she was planning to hire to work at the home she shares with two teenage daughters . Broderick said the woman told her it was the best $ 1 she had ever spent . The flip side is how the publication affects the people showcased . Broderick recalled a man who was a sex offender and had finished serving his sentence . The man was trying to rejoin the community but felt he could n't with his mug shot in the paper and online . Broderick said she and her team discussed the issue , but ultimately felt their need to inform was more important than helping the man overcome his past . "  When you 're talking about the safety of the community and the safety of children and seeing as how these are already public records , we just made the determination that it was in the best interest of the public to have this information available , " Broderick said . "  The lack of knowledge was not a chance that we were ready to take . " Mug shots : Informative vs. slander ? Caught Up consists mostly of mug shots with a few related written pieces and various games that it calls "  informative fun . " There also is some local advertising . Caught Up Vice President Geoffrey Bar-Lev said in today 's economy the profit margin for this business is relatively low . However , the demand for the publication in smaller communities has remained the same . The business makes money even if the lives of the people who make up its content have changed , which leaves someone like McMahon out of luck . Several clients have asked Kavan Singh-Grover , an Atlanta-based criminal defense attorney , about removing their mug shots from the sites and about what legal action can be taken . "  They are using a person 's image for commercial gain without their permission , " said Singh-Grover . "  To me , its extortion , maybe not legally , but the common use of that term . " Singh-Grover said legally , there is nothing that can be done . The only thing that could stop the publications and websites is legislation that forbids them . That legislation does not exist . Caught Up 's Broderick said she understands the concerns and said other publications might have a lower standard , but their purpose is to encourage safety in communities , not promote public humiliation . "  People think we are in the business to mock , " Broderick said . "  They believe that we have photos of a person who has been arrested to allow the community to thumb their nose at and that 's not our purpose . If people find some of the mug shots amusing , that 's more or less a side effect . " McMahon is n't laughing . "  But that 's the main way they make profit , right , " he said . "  We can read a paper without looking at a picture and know that seven people were arrested for DUI -- we do n't need the picture . It just -- to me -- seems like the way that they 're making money is because the pictures are pathetic or sometimes funny . " RemoveSlander.com is a website that erases mug shots from the Web once a person has been legally cleared . The site said it uses "  trade tools " to eliminate the mug shot . Spokesperson Philip Lee said he does not feel RemoveSlander.com should be "  affiliated with the mug shot website . " RemoveSlander.com via ImageMax Mugshot Removal said it is the first reputation management firm to offer the service . For $ 399 , RemoveSlander.com allows a customer to specify one website from which to have a mug shot deleted . For $ 699.00 , the mug shot is removed from three sites . Remove.Slander.com has 14 business days to remove the mug shot from the website and Google or the customer gets their money back . If a customer has multiple arrests with more than one booking photo , that costs more . In his suburban Atlanta home , McMahon seems at peace with his new life and everything that comes with it . However , he 's eager to talk about his past if it means more people are aware of publications like Caught Up and sites like RemoveSlander.com . "  I 'm human , I made a couple of mistakes -- it 's not a secret I made more than one , " McMahon said . "  Everyone has a past . It 's just unfortunate that mine is exploited for profit . "	Mug shot publications and websites feature police booking photos , which are public record Andy McMahon located his mugshot from seven years ago on a mug shot website "  Caught Up , " a popular mug paper , is dubbed a "  crime-fighting publication "
CNN  -- For many Americans , this summer has been miserably hot . Heat advisories and warnings have been issued from coast to coast , with high temperatures often reaching into the triple digits , and July went into the record books as the hottest month ever for the continental United States . But in certain parts of the world , this is the norm -- or maybe even on the cool side . Try Kuwait City , for instance . In July , its average high temperature is 116 degrees Fahrenheit . Or Timbuktu in Mali , where the highs average 108 in May and was once recorded at 130 . 130 ! That ranks fifth on the all-time list . The highest temperature ever recorded on the planet was in 1922 , when a thermometer in El Azizia , Libya , hit 136 . Some dispute that mark , saying it was improperly measured . If that 's true , the record would be the 134 , reached nine years earlier in Death Valley , California . But the world 's hottest place might not be any of these , according to a team of scientists from the University of Montana . It says the highest temperatures on Earth are found in areas that do n't even have weather stations . "  The Earth 's hot deserts -- such as the Sahara , the Gobi , the Sonoran and the Lut -- are climatically harsh and so remote that access for routine measurements and maintenance of a weather station is impractical , " said David Mildrexler , lead author of a recent study that used NASA satellites to detect the Earth 's hottest surface temperatures . The satellites detect the infrared energy emitted by land . And over a seven-year period , from 2003 to 2009 , they found Iran 's Lut Desert to be the hottest place on Earth . The Lut Desert had the highest recorded surface temperature in five of the seven years , topping out at 159 degrees in 2005 . Other notable annual highs came from Queensland , Australia  156 degrees in 2003  and China 's Turpan Basin  152 degrees in 2008  . Why to expect more weather disasters It 's important to stress that surface temperatures are naturally higher than the air temperatures measured by weather stations . Air temperatures have to be measured by thermometers placed off the ground and shielded from sunlight , according to global meteorological standards . But the study shows that today 's modern records might not necessarily be the most accurate . "  Most of the places that call themselves the hottest on Earth are not even serious contenders , " co-author Steve Running said . The world 's highest recorded air temperatures 1 . El Azizia , Libya  136 degrees Fahrenheit 2 . Death Valley , California  134 3 . Ghadames , Libya  131 3 . Kebili , Tunisia  131 5 . Timbuktu , Mali  130 5 . Araouane , Mali  130 7 . Tirat Tsvi , Israel  129 8 . Ahwaz , Iran  128 8 . Agha Jari , Iran  128 10 . Wadi Halfa , Sudan  127 Highest recorded air temperature  by continent Africa : El Azizia , Libya  136 North America : Death Valley , California  134 Asia : Tirat Tsvi , Israel  129 Australia : Cloncurry , Queensland  128 * Europe : Seville , Spain  122 South America : Rivadavia , Argentina  120 Antarctica : Vanda Station , Scott Coast  59 Sources : NOAA , World Meteorological Organization * This temperature was measured using the techniques available at the time of recording , which are different to the standard techniques currently used in Australia . The most likely Australian record using standard equipment is an observation of 123 degrees , recorded at Oodnadatta , South Australia . Extreme weather : Get ready for more , scientists say Weather : London Olympics ' biggest threat ? What 's your weather story ? Share it with CNN iReport Photos : Extreme heat in the U.S.	Scorching temperatures in the U.S. are common for many other countries The world 's highest air temperature was recorded in El Azizia , Libya , in 1922 But weather stations are n't in some of the world 's hottest spots , scientists say
