President Barack Obama arrived in Japan on Wednesday for the first part of his Asia trip that started with reassuring Tokyo of U.S. support in its bitter territorial dispute with China . Obama made his first stop in Tokyo on a weeklong tour that will also take him to South Korea , Malaysia and the Philippines . Obama and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met over what 's been described as the "  world 's best sushi " at Sukiyabashi Jiro , a top-rated restaurant in the Ginza district . The dinner also brought out the new U.S. ambassador to Japan , Caroline Kennedy . On Thursday , Obama will start a formal state visit to the nation -- the highest designation for a foreign leader . Obama 's appearances in Japan will be tinged with formality -- meetings with the royal family , a stop at the Meiji shrine and a protocol-bound state dinner . Japan 's first state visit by an American president in almost two decades comes as the United States works to reassure Abe and other Asian leaders that the United States remains committed to turning foreign policy focus on them . The "  pivot to Asia " that began almost three years ago meant to put a greater emphasis on diplomatic and economic efforts toward Pacific nations to counterbalance China 's influence in the region . Obama begins Asia trip with ` the best sushi I 've ever had ' But Middle East uprisings , the Syrian civil war and new diplomacy with Iran have made some Asian leaders wonder when the "  pivot " would take shape . At the start of his long-awaited visit , Obama waded into a fraught territorial dispute between Japan and China . He told a Japanese newspaper that a group of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Tokyo and Beijing "  fall within the scope " of a U.S.-Japanese security treaty , implying the United States could step in militarily in the event of a clash over the territory . It 's the first time an incumbent U.S. President has made such a statement on the bitterly disputed islands , and comes as Asian nations nervously watch the U.S. response to Russia 's incursion into Ukraine . Japan has eyed the Ukraine situation closely . Obama 's comments Wednesday should dispel at least some of its worry . "  We oppose any unilateral attempts to undermine Japan 's administration of these islands , " Obama said in answers to questions submitted by the Yomiuri Shimbun . Both Tokyo and Beijing say the islands , known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China , are an inherent part of their territory . Taiwan , which lies 120 miles  about 190 kilometers  southwest of the islands , also stakes a claim to them . Obama 's words , reiterating statements made in previous years by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , drew a swift rebuke from Beijing . "  The United States should respect the truth , not take any sides , be careful about its words and behavior , and uphold peace and stability , " said Qin Gang , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry . But Obama 's comments are likely to provide some reassurance to Japan . The Chinese government has stepped up efforts in recent years to challenge Japan 's control of the small , rocky islands and the waters and airspace around them . Obama 's efforts to reassure Asian allies also extend to his push for the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a massive trade deal the White House hopes will open economic channels in the region . In the works for years , the Japan portion of the trade deal is not expected to be finalized this week -- due to disagreements between the United States and Japan , and a delay in Congress from members of Obama 's party . The resistance to approving the trade deal , along with another trade pact being negotiated with Europe , stems from Democrats ' worry the agreements would kill jobs . They 're not likely to come on board at least until November 's midterm elections . "  The President has developed credibility problems in terms of delivering on the congressional support , " said Kenneth Lieberthal , who handled Asia policy in Bill Clinton 's White House and now acts as a senior fellow at Brookings Institution . "  My own sense is ... that there 's less confidence that the President has  been  effective in dealing with the Congress and that may really be a major issue in finalizing  the trade deal  . " Despite the stalemate , U.S. officials have remained bullish the deal would be good for the U.S. economy . "  This remains a very important aspect of our rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region , one that holds great promise for the countries in the region as well as for the United States , " Obama 's national security adviser , Susan Rice , said last week . "  We 'll continue to work toward that given its significance to all concerned . " Read Longtime rivals China and Japan deploy Harry Potter villain in latest spat	President Obama says a set of disputed islands fall under a U.S.-Japanese treaty He makes the comments to Japanese paper ahead of a visit to Asia China disputes his assertion , saying the U.S. should "  respect the truth "
CNN  -- The name of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie surfaced once again in the national news this week , floated by some as a possible new entrant in the ever-widening , fickle field of Republican presidential contenders . But Christie got even more attention on his own by heading straight to the "  Jersey Shore " -- the TV show . On Monday , Christie vetoed a $ 420,000 tax break previously granted to MTV 's most popular program -- the highly viewed and just as highly derided reality series featuring Snooki , The Situation and other often inebriated free-range narcissists . In denying the show 's producers the New Jersey Economic Development Authority 's 20 % tax credit on TV shows filmed or produced in the state , Christie said it was unjustifiable "  for a project which does nothing more than perpetuate misconceptions about the state and its citizens . " Like a rain-slicked Atlantic City boardwalk as it snakes its way to the shore , that 's some slippery ground on which Christie is treading . It 's difficult , maybe even impossible , to disagree with him on the position of being anti- "  Jersey Shore " : Anything that slows the spread of that video virus is , almost by definition , a good thing . But what if the same logic and political tactics had been used on , say , HBO 's "  The Sopranos " ? Even if that sort of concern amounts to fiscal responsibility , it also amounts to artistic irresponsibility . Politicians have attacked TV before , but the attention they draw rarely has them getting the last word , or being awarded the final victory . Dan Quayle vs. "  Murphy Brown " ? The CBS sitcom won that one , handily ; the single mother about whom Quayle was so upset was , after all , a fictional TV character . George H.W. Bush , in 1992 , campaigned by promising to make American families "  a lot more like the Waltons and a lot less like the Simpsons . " Bart , one of the animated characters on "  The Simpsons , " retaliated almost instantly in a quickly dubbed opening credits sequence , replying , "  We 're just like the Waltons . We 're praying for an end to the Depression , too . " Christie , by pulling the state purse strings tighter and refusing to hand over rebate tax credit money to TV productions that make New Jersey look bad , is wielding a heavy club . Where else , after all , could "  Jersey Shore " film its reality-show escapades ? Italy ?  Actually , yes . They 've done just that . But MTV and "  Jersey Shore " have n't yet gone to the original Jersey shore , nestled in the English Channel and part of the United Kingdom . Maybe next year . Or maybe , if CW 's "  H8R " lasts another season  which is doubtful  , Christie could come on as a Snooki "  hater , " as a nonfan did to confront the "  Jersey Shore " standout star in this month 's season premiere , and take away her show 's tax credits on camera . But really , the biggest media storm he could generate here , and the one that would score him even stronger political points , would be to make the tax credits , or the denial of them , qualitative as well as quantitative , and thus support the arts in the most measurable way possible . Bear with me here : Christie could make it a policy to give tax rebates for the quality shows , and levy fines -- tackiness taxes , if you will -- for those that besmirch New Jersey in particular and the lively arts in general . Make good TV and movies , you get money back . Make bad TV and movies , you pay a surcharge . Under such a system , the better the TV show or movie , the higher the tax incentives .  This works for the other arts as well : Bruce Springsteen could do whatever he wants in Jersey , which is kind of the way things are now anyway .  Conversely , the lower a visiting TV or film production sets the crassness bar , the higher the state should set the additional taxes for filming in Jersey . That way , when something as outstanding and artistic as "  The Sopranos " shoots on location in the Garden State , it gets a break . The "  Real Housewives of New Jersey , " on the other hand , gets broken . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli .	David Bianculli notes Gov. Chris Christie is in news for "  Jersey Shore " decision Christie denied show tax credit because it fed "  misperceptions "  about state Bianculli says pols have weighed in before , but why "  Shore " and not "  Sopranos " ? Bianculli : Maybe new policy should be tax credits for quality shows , fines for tacky ones
CNN  The voices of some of France 's best satirists went silent when masked gunmen stormed the office of Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday . Now , cartoonists around the world are breaking out their pens and brushes to pay tribute to the victims of the attack at the Paris magazine . We 're compiling some of the best ones we 've come across here -- if you 've seen one you think we should put up , let us know in the comments . And click here to see more cartoons from our staff and readers .	Cartoonists pay tribute to those killed at the Charlie Hebdo office Wednesday 9 journalists were among 12 people killed in attack at French satirical magazine
CNN  -- A day after Mister Cee told listeners he was quitting his job at New York 's Hot 97 , the veteran hip-hop DJ was back on the air . "  Mister Cee , I 'm back ! " he said . "  I 'm humbled and blessed to be back in this building . " Cee -- whose real name is Calvin LeBrun -- was caught in a controversy involving an alleged car ride with a drag queen that was documented in a video posted on YouTube . "  I really feel like I let y' all down , " Cee said in an interview on the station 's morning show Thursday . CNN previously quoted similar comments made in an unverified Twitter account that the station says is not Cee 's . Station spokeswoman Lindsay Salandra confirmed to CNN that Cee was working his air shift Thursday afternoon , but she said she had not heard from the general manager if he was back permanently . Hot 97 General Manager Alexandra Cameron , in a statement to CNN on Wednesday , said the station and Cee parted company after 20 years because of "  some personal circumstances that have become public . " "  We feel that this is in the best interest of both Hot 97 and Cee 's personal well-being , " Cameron said.Â "  While we do not endorse the alleged activities , he is clearly facing a personal dilemma that is for him and only him to comment on . " Cee said in the interview Thursday that he was addicted to prostitutes and strippers . "  I am tired of trying to do something or be something that I am not , " he said . Cee 's resignation followed the posting on YouTube of a video in which a cross-dressing personality using the name Bimbo Winehouse plays an audio recording of a seven-minute encounter purportedly with Mister Cee . "  Have I lied about getting sexual fellatio in a car with a transsexual ? " he said . "  Yes , I have lied about that and I feel bad for the listeners that it did take a video for me to say this , because I have been in denial about this for a very long time . " He said the video was recorded nearly a year ago . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Mister Cee returns to his job hours after quitting amid a sex scandal NEW : A station spokeswoman ca n't confirm if DJ 's return is permanent "  I have been in denial about this for a very long time , " he says Drag queen video includes recording of an encounter purportedly with Mister Cee
A "  big f *** ing deal " has become an equally big fight , with Republicans relentlessly attacking President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms over the new reality they are bringing to the health insurance market . One reason is the GOP 's ideological opposition to big government , as manifested by the health care overhaul intended to hold down rising costs that threaten U.S. fiscal stability . Another is the long-term political benefit to Obama and Democrats from the sweeping changes intended to give people previously unable to afford health insurance or deemed ineligible the chance to obtain coverage . Coupled with Obama 's stated second-term priority -- proposed immigration reform that would remove the "  illegal " label for millions of undocumented aliens -- the legislative power play could provide an electoral boost for Democrats certain to last a generation or longer . The combination of Obamacare -- as the 2010 Affordable Care Act is known -- and immigration reform "  would be a huge boon to the Democratic Party , " said Darrell West , the Brookings Institution 's vice president and director of governance studies . "  It would provide insurance to millions who do n't currently have it , and it brings aboard undocumented people who are very likely to be Democratic supporters , " he told CNN . Wendy Schiller , a political science professor at Brown University , said such an outcome is the goal of all presidents and their congressional allies who seek to "  enact policies that will hold their base and attract new voters in successive election cycles . " Republicans know that , which explains their fierce opposition to Obamacare dating back to well before Vice President Joe Biden 's off-color description whispered too loudly to Obama as the President prepared to sign the law in 2010 . Now a confluence of factors -- including the overall impact of the reforms as well as major problems in their implementation and continued GOP efforts to derail them -- have further hardened already entrenched partisan positions on the issue . What 's up with Obamacare and my health care ? Effects of Obamacare It has taken more than three years since the Affordable Care Act became law to begin to understand its effects . The concept leans heavily on a conservative Republican idea adopted for the Massachusetts state health care program that creates large markets to hold down prices . To work , the program must include less-expensive young people to offset the higher costs of older people , who generally need more health care . Such a system would provoke competition between insurers for lucrative markets , meaning lower premiums and a minimum standard of benefits to provide security against financial ruin over a major illness or bad accident . However , an analysis by CNN found that consumer options vary significantly from state to state , and many Americans are discovering they have few options . For example , West Virginia and New Hampshire have one insurance company offering coverage , meaning no choice between providers , while eight other states -- Alabama , Alaska , Hawaii , Maine , Mississippi , North Carolina , Vermont and Wyoming -- have two . The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that 12 million people live in counties with only one insurer , compared with 117 million in counties with more than five insurers . The foundation 's Cynthia Cox found that in counties with more than five insurers , the average premium was about $ 20 a month less than in areas with only one insurer . In addition , CNN 's Tom Foreman reported Thursday that in some cases , the same company will charge more for a policy in a rural area , compared with a big city . The differences generally reflect the smaller pool of consumers in less populous rural areas , compared with more densely populated urban and suburban areas . Such disparities also tend to follow a political fault line in many places , with Democrats more prevalent in big cities and suburbs , while Republicans generally get more support in rural areas . While definitive correlations would be overly simplistic and premature , increased options in urban areas versus rural areas indicate that on a broad level , more Democrats than Republicans are realizing benefits from Obamacare so far in terms of choice and cost . To Jonathan Gruber , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who helped design the Massachusetts and federal health care laws , it is too early to understand the full effects of Obamacare . "  It 's not like Obamacare 's chasing insurers out " of rural areas , Gruber told CNN on Thursday . "  These are just markets that did n't have many insurers to choose from before , and there has n't been a lot of entry in the recent times since the law has passed . " In Massachusetts , he said , a major new provider entered the market two years after the reforms took effect . "  You do n't need 16 choices . You do n't need 12 choices , " Gruber said . "  It 's nice to have that many , but having one or two new entrants , which will happen over time -- it did in Massachusetts -- can really shake up the market in lower prices . " GOP on insurance cancellations : ` We told you so ' Botched website rollout Conservative critics long warned that Obamacare amounted to a government takeover of health care that would be too big to manage effectively and deny people the ability to choose their own doctor or coverage . So far , some of the predictions have proved true . While initial stages of implementation proved relatively uneventful , the biggest single step -- the October 1 launch of exchanges to give people the chance to buy required health coverage -- was badly botched when the government website proved dysfunctional . The administration scrambled to try to get it working , announcing a "  tech surge " with outside experts deployed to bolster the joint government-private sector team that created HealthCare.gov . In addition , insurers recently began informing some of the relatively small percentage of people who buy their own health coverage , instead of getting it through their employer or government-run Medicare and Medicaid , that their policies were being discontinued or changed because they failed to comply with Obamacare requirements . The shift undermined Obama 's mantra-like pledge in selling the reforms that no one would be forced to change policies or doctors they liked . Obama "  has broken many promises about Obamacare , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a prepared statement Friday that solicited stories from people about how they were hurt by Obamacare . On Monday , the RNC announced it was launching a campaign of robocalls and targeted Facebook posts to encourage people to ask why their elected representatives supported what it called "  Obama 's lie that people could keep their healthcare plans under ObamaCare . " At the White House on Friday , spokesman Jay Carney emphasized that the individual policies being discontinued or changed represented a fraction of the overall U.S. population . He reiterated the administration line that consumers would get a better deal under Obamacare -- more benefits at what likely will be a lower price than they pay now if they qualify for federal subsidies available under the reforms . For many , Obama 's promise of health care choice does not ring true Early figures The latest battle line between the parties is about early enrollment figures . Republicans are pushing the administration to release numbers for how many signed up in the first month of the new exchanges , but Carney and others say complete and reliable information will only be available by mid-November . Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan , the GOP chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , has threatened to subpoena information on enrollment figures as soon as this week . Carney and other officials have said they expect the initial figures to be low , because of the website problems and a cautious approach by consumers in the early days of such programs . He and others note that the Massachusetts health care plan had most people sign up in the final days before the enrollment deadline , and they expect the same thing to happen with the federal program . That deadline is March 31 . Gruber of MIT called the focus on the early figures premature . "  According to the Congressional Budget Office , it will be about a three-year ramp-up period until Obamacare is fully effective at its full level of functioning , " he said . ' "  That 's what we saw in Massachusetts as well . So we need to just calm down and stop worrying about days and weeks and focus instead on months and years . " However , Gruber warned that the HealthCare.gov website must be fully operational by the end of November to ensure that people being forced to change policies have time to enroll by January 1 , when their current coverage ends . The Republican goal in demanding the figures is to depict Obamacare as an immediate failure in order to try to generate public momentum for delaying or dismantling the law . Some Democrats facing tough re-election battles next year also have proposed a delay to allow people more time to sign up and avoid the fine , but the Obama administration opposes such a step because it would undermine the immediate creation of large new markets needed to keep costs down . 5 things we learned from Sebelius Obamacare hearing The immigration connection Even if Obamacare works as planned , Gruber told CNN , about 40 % of people currently uninsured would remain without coverage . As many as a half of that group -- 10 million or so -- would be undocumented immigrants living illegally in the country , he said . "  Today , these undocumented immigrants end up in the emergency room . Next year , they 'll end up in the emergency room again , " he said . "  That may be something we want to take on eventually as a society , but we do n't seem prepared to do so now . " To West of the Brookings Institute , the Obamacare and immigration issues "  do intersect in interesting ways . " He noted the Affordable Care Act specifically excludes undocumented immigrants from getting health insurance under the reforms . A Senate-passed immigration reform proposal would give temporary legal status to the undocumented , but make them wait 10 years before they could seek citizenship . It is unclear if the plan will get a vote in the Republican-led House . The decade of waiting to seek citizenship should ease the fears of Republicans over an immediate impact on elections , as only U.S. citizens can vote , West said . However , any undocumented immigrants who eventually become citizens would probably be Democrats , because "  they 've seen Democrats have been the people pushing for immigration reform while Republicans have been resistant , " he added . Schiller , the Brown University political science professor , said the issue of Obamacare eligibility could be a sticking point in the immigration reform debate , adding : "  Republicans will absolutely insist that  undocumented immigrants  are not eligible for Obamacare during that 10-year-period " before they can seek citizenship .	Obamacare and immigration reform could boost Democrats for a generation or more Parties in power always try to use policy to secure future voter support Ideology aside , Republicans know health care , immigration reforms help Democrats GOP attacks focus on the health care law , not just website woes
CNN  Lars Vilks is no stranger to threats . The Swedish artist is on an al Qaeda hit list and travels everywhere with bodyguards at his side . He 's survived previous attempts on his life . But Vilks said the shooting at a free speech forum at a Copenhagen cafe was the worst . At the Saturday event , France 's ambassador to Denmark had just spoken about the recent attack at the Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris . A woman from a feminist organization had taken the floor and started to speak . Vilks realized that something was wrong . "  We suddenly heard a lot of noise . There was a bang , bang , bang , and very quickly we could understand that something was going on , " he told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield on Sunday . Vilks ' bodyguards sprung into action . "  They took me and threw me into a storage room together with the chairman , " he said , "  and we were put under a table there , and we were guarded by policemen with drawn guns . " Outside the storage room , Vilks said , a far more frightening scene was unfolding . A heavily armed gunman was trying to get through the doors of the cafe . And the police were trying to stop him . But it was n't a fair fight . "  He was very well-equipped , and the policemen were not . So he had an advantage . ... Several of the policemen  were  wounded , but still they tried to fire back , " Vilks said . Inside the cafe , terrified audience members scrambled for cover . "  They were hiding in corners and under tables and everything , " Vilks said . "  They were just waiting  to see  who is going to open the door there and who will come in . " Luckily , Vilks said , it was a wounded policeman who finally entered the cafe -- not the gunman , who police later said they 'd killed . The artist was n't hurt , but the gunman did kill a 55-year-old man and wounded three officers before fleeing , police said . It 's impossible to know for sure what the gunman 's aims were , Vilks said . But Vilks said it 's likely that he was the target . Controversial sketches Vilks made depicting the Prophet Mohammed in 2007 landed him on an al Qaeda hit list with a $ 100,000 bounty on his head and have sparked a number of threats and attacks against him . For many Muslims , any image of Mohammed is seen as blasphemous . Depictions that deliberately insult the Prophet are even worse . Vilks receives regular death threats and regularly sweeps his car for explosives . While speaking at a 2010 free speech forum , Vilks was punched at the podium amid cries of "  Alahu akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is great . " The event quickly descended into a brawl . "  I 'm now such a well-known target , and that adds to value , because these guys , they work very much concerned with the media interest , so if they want to kill someone , it should be someone who is well-known . ... And that means that when I go somewhere , I always have bodyguards , " he said . "  I ca n't go anywhere on my own . " Does the Denmark attack mean he 'll pull back from public appearances ? Vilks said he plans to keep speaking out , but he told CNN on Monday that he 'd gone into hiding . He declined to specify when he first went into hiding and said he is not afraid . Organizers of future events will take security very seriously , he said . Islam and other religions , he said , should be open to criticism because their ideology is deeply tied to social and political issues . "  If you go into the political business , you have to play the game , " he said . "  And as long as that goes on , criticism of Islam is to be continued , and rightly so . " Vilks said his work and those who are discussing it are "  part of a political conversation . " "  And if you have people who want to go out with guns and start murdering people , the thing you should do is put these people in prison , because we can not accept people murdering and trying in that way to stop the discussion you have , " he said . Such conversations , he said , are a key part of free speech and living in a democracy . The one responsible for the violence "  is of course not the one who is following the rules and keeping a reasonable discussion going , " he said . "  It 's those people who try to stop it with violence and murder . " CNN 's Atika Shubert , Jim Stenman , Susanne Gargiulo and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	"  We were guarded by policemen with drawn guns , " Lars Vilks says Audience members scrambled for cover , he says , "  hiding in corners and under tables " Islam should be open to criticism , the Swedish artist says
Cairo  CNN  -- Ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was complicit in shootings of anti-regime protesters during a period of upheaval in the country , a member of an official fact-checking commission said Tuesday . "  Whether the president gave the official order or remained silent knowing the shooting of protesters would take place , he is responsible for the 846 protesters who died during the January 25 revolution , especially since the killing started from Day One , " said Judge Omar Marawan , the commission 's secretary-general . Marawan held a press conference after the release of the commission 's report , which said 846 civilians and 26 policemen were killed during 18 days of protests that led to Mubarak 's resignation on February 11 . The report focused on the killing and injury of demonstrators during the unrest in an effort to disperse them ; what it said was the intentional opening of prisons , leaving a security vacuum ; and the government 's manipulation of the media . It also issued recommendations as the country moves forward . The commission watched videos that confirmed several prisons were opened by security forces , according to the report . Members also concluded that police used extreme force against protesters and fired shots at people who were trying to film the unrest from balconies and windows . In addition , the report accused police of intentionally running over protesters with vehicles . The commission 's role was to compile information about the events and hand over their findings to the general prosecutor . Prosecutors have questioned Omar Suleiman , Egypt 's former vice president and intelligence chief , the general prosecutor 's office confirmed Tuesday , about events that took place during his brief period as vice president .	846 protesters and 26 policemen died during Egypt 's unrest , commission says The commission report says security forces intentionally opened prisons Those who were trying to film the unrest were shot at , according to the report
CNN  French police say two suspects in Wednesday 's terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo magazine are still on the loose after escaping onto the streets of Paris . In a statement on their website , French national police ask for information on the whereabouts of suspects Cherif Kouachi and Said Kouachi , warning that both could be armed and dangerous . Police released photos of the two men , who Paris Deputy Mayor Patrick Klugman told CNN are brothers in their 30s . Police found an ID document of Said Kouachi at the scene of the shooting , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . "  It was their only mistake , " said Dominique Rizet , BFMTV 's police and justice consultant , reporting that the discovery helped the investigation . Citing sources , the Agence France Presse news agency reported that an 18-year-old suspect in the attack had surrendered to police . CNN has not independently confirmed whether the suspect has surrendered . Police fanned out across France in an intense manhunt for the suspects , who were masked and dressed in black when they burst into the satirical magazine 's office Wednesday , killing 12 people . A tactical unit was deployed in an operation about a 144 kilometers  about 90 miles  from Paris in Reims , France , following the attack , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . Authorities have n't revealed details about the target of the operation , but speculation surged in French media that investigators could be closing in on the suspects . French authorities vowed to step up security and apprehend those responsible . "  Everything will be done to arrest  the attackers  , " French President Francois Hollande said in a speech Wednesday night . " ... We also have to protect all public places . Security forces will be deployed everywhere there can be the beginning " of a threat . It 's too soon to say whether the suspects were operating alone , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . Some experts warned that how well the gunmen wielded their weapons , hid their identities and apparently planned their escape showed a marked difference from previous "  lone wolf " attacks -- and could be a game changer . Charlie Hebdo : Satirical magazine is no stranger to controversy Video shows gunman target seemingly wounded man These developments come after at least two heavily armed men entered the Charlie Hebdo office in Paris ' 11th district , close to Place de la Bastille , and opened fire , Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins said . The gunmen said they were avenging the Prophet Mohammed and shouted "  Allahu akbar , " which translates to "  God is great , " Molins said . A witness who works in the office opposite the magazine 's told BFMTV that he saw two hooded men , dressed in black , enter the building heavily armed . "  We then heard them open fire inside , with many shots , " he said . "  We were all evacuated to the roof . After several minutes , the men fled , after having continued firing in the middle of the street . " The men reportedly spoke fluent French with no accent . One unsettling video , posted to YouTube , shows two men shooting on a Paris street , then walking up to and firing point-blank at a seemingly wounded man as he lay on the ground . Video shows a gunman approaching his getaway car and raising his finger in the air in what appears to be a signal , possibly to another vehicle or other people who might have played a role in the attack , a Western intelligence source briefed on the French investigation told CNN . In addition to the 12 dead , 11 people were wounded , including four in "  serious condition , " the prosecutor said . Two police officers were among those killed , the French President said . Charlie Hebdo editor and cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier , known as "  Charb , " is among the dead in the attack , a police spokesman in the district where the office is located told CNN . At least three other well-known cartoonists -- known by the pen names Cabu , Wolinski and Tignous -- were also killed . ` Parisians will not be afraid ' At an event in Paris ' Place de la Republique , demonstrators held up pens in honor of the slain cartoonists and chanted , "  We are Charlie ! " Pictures posted online showed similar demonstrations in other cities , including Rome , Berlin and Barcelona . "  Parisians will not be afraid , " Klugman said . "  We will fight terrorism with our common values , freedom , freedom of speech , freedom of the press . ... We are at war , but we still want to behave as a leading democracy . " Armed soldiers could be seen standing guard outside monuments , in transit stations and elsewhere in well-trafficked spots around France by Wednesday evening . Prime Minister Manuel Valls raised France 's security to its highest level -- "  attack alert " -- after the Charlie Hebdo bloodshed . That means there will be reinforced security at media company offices , major stores , religious centers and on public transport , his office said in a statement . U.S. counterterrorism agencies are looking at a number of groups , including ISIS and al Qaeda , that might be responsible for the attack . Charlie Hebdo has been singled out as a target for Islamist extremists in al Qaeda 's publication , Inspire . Police impounded a black Citroen in northeastern Paris similar to the one purportedly used by the attackers as a getaway car . Video from CNN affiliate BFMTV shows the vehicle being towed from Porte de Pantin , in Paris ' 19th district . Investigators will do a complete DNA work-up on the Citroen , including soil signatures that might suggest where the gunmen came from , a Western intelligence source briefed on the probe told CNN . The same source said that French authorities are searching all travel records from the past 17 days to see whether any of the attackers entered the European nation over the holidays . This includes checks at Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports , as well as whatever limited information is available from train stations . Thursday will be a national day of mourning for those killed in the attack , Hollande said . He asked for a moment of reflection Thursday and said flags will be at half-staff for three days . Satirical magazine has drawn anger Charlie Hebdo is no stranger to controversy for lampooning a variety of subjects , including Christianity . But what it 's done on Islam has gotten the most attention and garnered the most vitriol . Its last tweet before Wednesday 's attack featured a cartoon of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . The magazine has a controversial history of depicting Mohammed , often in an unfavorable light , which has angered many Muslims around the world . Earlier cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed spurred protests and the burning of the magazine 's office three years ago . In November 2011 , Charlie Hebdo 's office was firebombed the day it was due to publish a cover making fun of Islamic law . A year later , in an interview with Le Monde newspaper , Charbonnier gave little indication that he planned to change Charlie Hebdo 's ways . "  It may sound pompous , " he said , "  but I 'd rather die standing than live on my knees . " The attack on the magazine spurred a wave of support for the publication and its practices around France and the world . On social media , people tweeted past covers from the magazine as well as the words "  Je suis Charlie , " or "  I am Charlie . " CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Ben Brumfield , Alanne Orjoux , Deborah Feyerick , Laura Smith-Spark , Jason Hanna , Pierre Meilhan , Hala Gorani , Jake Tapper , Wolf Blitzer , Allison Brennan , Paul Cruickshank , Margot Haddad and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Police release photos of two suspects , warn they could be armed and dangerous A police operation is underway in Reims , France , CNN affiliate reports
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Less than a day after Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf declared a state of emergency and scolded the country 's media for being too "  negative , " police stormed the offices of a television station early Sunday , AAJ-TV 's director of news and current affairs said . Pakistani policemen patrol the streets of Islamabad , Pakistan , Saturday . Armed with guns , the two dozen police said they had orders to take the station 's equipment , including a van that the station uses to broadcast live coverage , Talat Hussain said . "  We resisted , " Hussain said . "  We said show us the papers . " The police did n't have proof their demands were legitimate , he said , adding the officers said only that they had orders "  from the highest authority . " "  They said , ` We 'll do it the nice way or the other way , ' " Hussain said . A brief scuffle between the policemen and about 40 journalists in the station followed , but no one was hurt , he said . During the confrontation , two AAJ journalists were able to drive the news van away from the station , Hussain said . Police later left the building , but remained outside , Hussain said . The raid followed a government directive to the media , warning journalists that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , Hussain said . Earlier , in a Saturday night televised address to the Pakistani public aimed at explaining why he had declared a countrywide state of emergency and suspended the constitution , Musharraf was critical of the country 's media , saying they had "  added insult to injury . " "  The media could not lend a helping hand to improve the situation , " Musharraf said , describing "  the situation " in Pakistan as fraught with tension and constrained by the spread of terrorism . "  I said frequently that the media should not be negative , " Musharraf said . Shortly after private networks reported Saturday that Musharraf 's declaration of a state of emergency was imminent , most media channels went off the air in an apparent blackout , although some flickered off and on . E-mail to a friend	Police say they had orders "  from the highest authority " to take equipment News director : Police said "  We 'll do it the nice way or the other way " Government warns of jail , fines if president or prime minister are criticized Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf : Media have "  added insult to injury "
CNN  -- A deadly earthquake that struck Taiwan on Wednesday may have occurred on a "  blind fault " and that fault could produce a far stronger earthquake in the future , the head of the country 's Seismology Center said . Wednesday 's 6.1-magnitude temblor killed one person and left 19 others injured , according to reports from the state-run Central News Agency . The U.S. Geological Survey put the quake 's magnitude at 6.0 and its epicenter at a depth of 20 kilometers  about 13 miles  . Aftershocks from magnitude 4.3 to 3.7 were reported . Seismology Center Director Kuo Kai-wen said Wednesday 's quake may have been the third large quake on a blind fault east of the Chelungpu Fault , which produced a 7.3-magnitude quake in 1999 that left more than 2,400 people dead . Blind faults are not on the country 's fault maps , Kuo said . Interactive : Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes "  Those faults can not be seen with the naked eye and can only be determined through special instruments or exposed by earthquakes , " he said in the Central News Agency report . Besides Wednesday 's quake , temblors of magnitudes 6.7 and 6.1 struck the area in 2000 and 2009 , respectively , pointing to the existence of the blind fault , Kuo said . He said the blind fault may be more than 100 kilometers  62 miles  long , making it capable of producing a quake of more than 7.0 magnitude , which is could do serious damage . "  The longer the fault , the stronger the earthquake , " he said . In Wednesday 's quake , a 71-year-old woman was killed when a temple wall collapsed on her , the news agency reported , citing Taiwan 's National Fire Agency . The 19 injuries included students who were hit by books falling from shelves at local schools and a plant worker hit by a falling piece of machinery , the report said . Other damage included cracks in buildings and goods shaken from store shelves , reports said . The temblor stopped service on 90 trains , affecting 17,000 passengers . Interactive map : World 's biggest earthquakes since 1900	"  Blind fault " may have produced 6.1 temblor Fault may be able to produce much stronger quake , Taiwanese official says Quake in area killed more than 2,400 in 1999
CNN  -- Juventus have sacked coach Ciro Ferrara after a string of poor results and have installed Alberto Zaccheroni in the hot seat until the end of the season . Ferrara 's position has been threatened after a dismal run which has seen them slip out of contention in the Serie A title race as well as being eliminated from the Champions League at the group stages . Thursday 's 2-1 Coppa Italia defeat to Italian champions Inter Milan proved the final straw and the club released a statement to confirm his departure and Zaccheroni 's arrival . "  Zaccheroni will take over the team immediately and will guide this afternoon 's training session in Vinovo before being officially unveiled to the media , " it read . Ferrara joined Juve late last season and steered the Turin powerhouses to second place in Serie A behind Inter . But his first full campaign in charge proved challenging after a promising start to the season . The Bianconeri have lost five of their last six games in Serie A and have slumped to sixth in the standings , four points behind Napoli , who hold the last Champions League qualifying spot . Zaccheroni will hope to get them on track with his first game against Lazio on Sunday . The 56-year-old has coached at a number of leading Serie A clubs and helped AC Milan to the 1999 Italian title , but it is his first job since being sacked by Torino in February 2007 . Ferrara , a former Italy international and Juventus defender , was given the reins despite his lack of experience , succeeding current Roma coach Claudio Ranieri , who was fired . Zaccheroni 's appointment ends , for now , media speculation that Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez would take charge at Juve , but the short-term nature of his contract until June raises questions about the permanence of his stay . Benitez acknowledged the speculation in his weekly press conference on Friday . "  I am focused on preparing my team for the game against Bolton . I know they  Juventus  were interested , that is part of the game now in football , but I am not ready to talk too much because I do n't want to lose my focus . "  When you are a manager and you have clubs asking  for you  , you have to be proud because they are a top side in Europe , but I am really happy here and want to do my job as best I can . "	Juventus sack coach Ciro Ferrara after a string of poor results in Serie A and Europe Ferrari replaced by former Milan coach Alberto Zaccheroni until the end of the season Juventus have slipped to sixth in Serie A after losing five of their last six games Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has also been linked to the Turin giants
Editor 's note : Gloria Borger is a senior political analyst for CNN , appearing regularly on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " "  Campbell Brown , " "  AC360 ° " and "  State of the Union With John King , " as well as special event coverage . Gloria Borger says Democrats seem to be aiding the GOP in its attempt to defeat President Obama on health care . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It 's always hard to be optimistic about the passage of any kind of health care reform . After all , history shows that for much of the past century , most attempts to reform the system have failed . There have been some exceptions -- such as Medicare in 1965 . But , for the most part , the political will has been insufficient to move anything . Just ask Hillary Clinton . Here 's where you have to give President Obama credit : He promised health care reform during the campaign , and he 's trying to do what he said he would do .  He 's also trying to do almost everything else he promised in the campaign at the same time , but that 's another story . He has held health care symposiums and town halls , met with recalcitrant conservatives and moderates , and kept tabs with congressional leaders on their progress . And Wednesday night , he 'll take the issue to the country in a prime-time press conference . The strategy was forthright : Since the country has debated this issue for decades , there 's no need to redo it all . And do n't write a bill like Clinton did so Congress can spend its time picking it apart . Rather , let the committees  five in all  move their bills and reconcile them until the House and Senate each has a product . The president weighs in when the two chambers try to reach agreement on a final bill . Presto , health care reform . Ah , but this is Congress we 're talking about . Should it be any surprise that some congressional Democrats -- having suffered in the minority under a Republican president -- have decided to unleash their inner liberal ? No matter how badly the GOP opposition behaves -- and no matter how bereft it is of ideas of its own -- the Democrats seem happy to aid Republicans in their one clear goal for Obama : defeat . The president has called for cost controls above all else in health care reform . He even wants to take Medicare spending decisions out of the political arena and put them in the hands of the docs and technical nerds , who actually understand where real cost savings can be found . But that would require Congress to relinquish some power , so it has n't happened . Instead , Obama 's Democrats have so far given him higher costs  according to the Congressional Budget Office  and higher taxes . Or , in technical parlance , the same-old , same-old . One House version of health reform passed last week proposed a surtax on households with adjusted gross incomes of more than $ 350,000 . It was enough to prompt an intervention by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who changed it to $ 1 million for joint filers -- so it could be called a millionaire 's tax . Have they asked Obama -- the change agent -- whether he really wants Democrats to get back into that old class warfare argument ? The trouble for Obama is that he 's getting tethered to some of the bad ideas the Democrats propose because he has n't denounced them . We know that he 's cool and patient , but maybe his drooping recent poll numbers will cause him to start drawing some lines in the sand . Americans still like their new president , but they 're clearly wondering why he has let congressional Democrats inhabit his body . In a recent Washington Post-ABC News poll , for instance , approval of his handling of health care has slid from 57 percent to 49 percent since April . And the Democrats ' foray into taxing the rich has n't done Obama any favors , either : Just one month ago , voters earning more than $ 50,000 liked Obama more than the GOP on health care by a 2-1 margin . Today , those voters are evenly split . And independent voters -- the key to Obama 's electoral success -- are leaving the flock . In April , 57 percent of independents approved his handling of health care ; that has now dipped to 44 percent , and 49 percent disapprove . All of which is not catastrophic , but it is a problem . And it 's not a problem the Republicans have created for Obama , although they will no doubt try and take credit . In truth , it 's something the Democrats have done all by themselves . No Republicans needed . During the campaign , candidate Obama waxed eloquent on the importance of bipartisanship , of turning the page on the politics of the past . "  We need to stop the partisan point scoring and the petty bickering that serves the needs of politicians but not the needs of the American people , " he said in September in Pueblo , Colorado . " ... I 'm running for president because that 's the kind of leadership we need right now . " Yes it is . And how about telling that to the Democrats ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : Health care reform is always tough to accomplish Borger says Democrats are making it tougher by raising costs and taxes on rich She says Obama needs to cut links to Democrats ' unpopular ideas Borger : People on both sides have to work together on the issue
CNN  -- An Independence Day celebration ended in tragedy when three boats collided near a Miami marina , killing four people and injuring as many as a dozen more , authorities said . The accident happened near the Dinner Key Marina in Biscayne Bay around 10:45 p.m. Friday following a fireworks display , as a crowd of boaters was making their way back to shore . "  One vessel crashed into another , then that vessel hit a third , " Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission Officer Jorge Pino said Saturday . Pino said up to five people were thrown into the water after the crash and as many as 12 were transported to local hospitals . Those hurt include several children with minor injuries . Two victims died at a hospital Friday night , he said , and two more deceased victims were found in the water Saturday morning . One person is hospitalized in critical condition , according to Pino . Afterward , at least one of the boats towed back to shore had a gaping hole in its side . "  It 's possible that these boats were rushing to get back to the boat ramp to get out of the water , " Pino said . The commission is investigating the tragedy and has not yet released the names or ages of any of the victims .	As many as 12 injured boaters were taken to local hospitals , state official says The incident took place near a marina in Biscayne Bay late on July 4th An official says boats may have been rushing to get back to the boat ramp 2 died Friday night at a hospital ; 2 more dead were found in the water Saturday , he adds
CNN  The justices of the Supreme Court practice politics as much as law -- and that will be clearer than ever when the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday . Public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since the Supreme Judicial Court in Massachusetts first legalized the practice in 2003 . Overwhelming opposition has turned into substantial majority support , especially among young people of all political persuasions . Even the name of the issue has changed -- to marriage equality . Of course , the Constitution has not changed since 2003 , a point that will surely be made by such opponents of same-sex marriage as Justice Antonin Scalia . To originalists like Scalia -- those who believe the Constitution should be interpreted only as it was originally understood by the framers -- the idea of a constitutional right to same-sex marriage is anathema . To them , the Constitution means only what it meant to those who wrote it -- and James Madison  or the authors of the 14th Amendment , just after the Civil War  never gave a thought to whether they were granting gay people the right to marry . But the Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers . And public opinion is just one of the extrajudicial factors that the justices sometimes take into consideration . In 1954 , the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that public schools could no longer segregate students by race , even though the authors of the 14th Amendment clearly considered segregated schools to be permissible . Chief Justice Earl Warren , who wrote the opinion in Brown v. Board of Education , recognized that the world had changed , especially in light of the Cold War . Warren knew that segregated schools damaged the United States ' reputation in the contest for hearts and minds around the world , and he steered the court accordingly . Warren 's motives had nothing to do with the framers ' intentions , and little to do with the words of the Constitution itself , but these kinds of motivations have been common throughout the history of the Supreme Court . There are risks , of course , when the justices are guided by more than the text and history of the Constitution . Like everyone else , the justices have imperfect instincts when it comes to measuring public attitudes . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is a fervent supporter of abortion rights for women , but she has expressed reservations about the court 's decision in Roe v. Wade , the 1973 ruling that required all 50 states to legalize abortion . She has argued that the court interrupted a political process for legalization that was already underway , and that the case ignited a backlash that wound up hurting the cause of abortion rights . Her position is debatable on several scores . Abortion rights were not ascendant everywhere in the '70s , and opponents were already well mobilized . But Ginsburg 's misgivings about Roe have served as an important backdrop to the Supreme Court 's consideration of same-sex marriage . Still , when it comes to Supreme Court decisions , it is usually safe to bet that a majority of the justices will come down on the side favored by most of the public . In any case , as we head into the argument , it looks like most of the justices have already made up their minds . After the court decided United States v. Windsor in 2013 , which invalidated most of the 1996 law known as the Defense of Marriage Act , more than a dozen federal district courts around the county said the reasoning of that case required the legalization of same-sex marriage . These judges allowed these marriages to begin taking place around the country . Supporters of the existing laws went to the Supreme Court and asked for stays of the lower court rulings , because the justices themselves had not yet permitted the marriages to take place . But in each case , the Supreme Court denied the stays and allowed same-sex marriages to proceed -- those marriages are now legal in 37 states and the District of Columbia . In a brief dissenting opinion from the failure to grant the stays , Justice Clarence Thomas suggested the issue had already been settled in the minds of his colleagues . "  This acquiescence -LSB- in allowing marriages to proceed -RSB- may well be seen as a signal of the court 's intended resolution of that question , " Thomas wrote . "  This is not the proper way to discharge our ... responsibilities . " But Thomas only drew Scalia to join his dissent , suggesting that even fellow conservatives Chief Justice John Roberts and Samuel Alito saw the writing on the wall . In any case , at oral argument , we 'll get a clue what the justices are thinking about the issue . But we already know that their decision , like so many in the court 's history , will be based on a great deal more than the text of the Constitution .	Jeffrey Toobin : SCOTUS to decide same-sex marriage as U.S. largely in favor . Did framers intend this ? That does n't always matter He says originalists on the court may hew to conservative view , but most of the justices have given clues that they see writing on wall
CNN  -- "  Real Housewives of D.C. " star Michaele Salahi hit the road with Journey guitarist Neal Schon and was not kidnapped as her husband suspected , according to a representative with Schon 's management company . She told a sheriff 's deputy late Tuesday that she was "  with a good friend and was where she wanted to be , " Warren County , Virginia , Sheriff Danny McEathron said in a statement to CNN Wednesday afternoon . The reality show personality traveled to Memphis on Tuesday , where Journey was performing , to be with Schon , the representative with Scoop Marketing confirmed to CNN Wednesday afternoon . Tareq Salahi , speaking through his manager on Wednesday morning , told CNN his wife had been missing since Tuesday morning and may have been kidnapped . "  It is our belief as of last night Michaele Salahi may have been kidnapped or abducted and is being held under duress and forced to tell persons , including authorities , she is OK , " manager Gina Rodriguez said . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Rachel Wells and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Michaele Salahi with Journey guitarist Neal Schon , his management says Sheriff : Michaele Salahi tells a deputy she does n't want her husband to know where she is Tareq Salahi 's manager : "  Michaele Salahi may have been kidnapped " The Salahis gained notoriety as White House party crashers in 2009
CNN  -- As more states pass measures tightening abortion laws , California is making abortions more accessible . Nurse practitioners , certified nurse-midwives and physicians ' assistants who complete specified training are now able to perform abortions in California . Gov. Jerry Brown signed the measure into law Wednesday . "  Governor Brown is making a commitment to Californians to continue working to make abortion services a human right and not a privilege in our state , and is also sending a strong message to the rest of the country that attacks on women 's health and rights stop in California , " Laura Jimenez , executive director of California Latinas for Reproductive Justice , said in a statement . "  We are proud that California is the only state in the nation right now that is passing proactive legislation to improve access to abortion , and we hope that this law can further efforts to expand access to women throughout the country . " California Assembly member Toni Atkins , who authored the bill , said the new law reduces obstacles for California women seeking abortions . "  Increasing the number of trained healthcare providers who can perform abortions on a timely basis without requiring significant travel will improve the lives of women and their families in many ways , " Atkins said in a statement . But critics say they 're concerned the new law could undermine women 's health . "  This bill is not about helping women , it is specifically designed to trivialize what an abortion is , and its risks , " said Anissa Smith , spokeswoman for the California ProLife Council . "  Reducing the medical standards for abortion ... defies logic for those who say they care about women . " The Most Rev. Gerald Wilkerson , president of the California Catholic Conference , said even though California makes up 12 % of the nation 's population , it 's also where 29 % of abortions take place . "  The often repeated mantra of those supporting abortions rights is that abortions ought to be safe , legal and rare , " Wilkerson said . "  With this change in California 's law , abortions are merely legal -- no longer safe and rare . " Brown also signed six other health-related bills Wednesday , including one that repeals parts of the California Building Standards Code that treat primary clinics differently depending on whether the clinics provide abortion services . Against the grain California 's decision bucks a trend of stiffer abortion laws across the country . Texas passed a new law this year that bans abortions after 20 weeks of gestation ; requires abortion clinics to upgrade facilities to become ambulatory surgical centers ; tightens usage guidelines for the RU486 , the so-called "  abortion pill " ; and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of their clinics . Planned Parenthood filed a federal lawsuit last month seeking to overturn parts of the new Texas law -- specifically , the parts about doctors needing hospital admitting privileges , usage controls on RU486 and the upgrades to clinics . In July , North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory signed a law requiring all abortion clinics be held to the same standards as outpatient surgical centers . Also in July , a North Dakota judge delayed the implementation of a new state law that threatened to shut down the state 's only abortion clinic by requiring doctors performing abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles . The North Dakota law also requires those physicians to have "  staff privileges to replace hospital on-staff physicians at that hospital . " CNN 's Joe Sutton , Greg Morrison and Nadia Kounang contributed to this report .	In California , some nurses and physicians ' assistants can perform abortions They must complete specified training California 's move bucks a national trend of tightening abortion laws
CNN  -- Tropical Cyclone Evan is battering the South Pacific with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph and gusts up to 144 mph , according to the Navy 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii . And things might get worse . Forecasters predict Evan could get stronger over the next 36 hours , evolving into a more powerful Category 3 storm with maximum sustained winds of 126 mph , as it creeps southwest , away from the Samoan islands and toward Fiji . Fiji 's meteorological service said Evan was expected to arrive in that country 's waters by Sunday . The National Weather Service in Pago Pago , American Samoa , canceled its gale warning Thursday , but reiterated high surf and small craft advisories for the islands , expecting gusts up to 35 mph , heavy rain and towering waves . There were reports of two deaths in Samoa , an independent country with a population of 183,000 . American Samoa is a U.S. territory with a population of about 55,000 . Journalist Cherelle Jackson told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. that there was heavy damage in the Samoan capital of Apia , with houses flattened by the storm . Storm surge and high surf , which the U.S. National Weather Service said could reach 20 feet in the islands , was making a mess of Apia , Jackson said , adding water and power service had been knocked out . Many of the open-style Samoan homes , or fales , which do n't have windows or doors , sustained heavy damage , she said . "  I do n't think we were well prepared because the warning did n't get serious until late last night , " Jackson said in a phone interview with the Australian network . Jackson said food could be a problem once the storm passes because the trees that supply Samoan staples , such as breadfruit , taro and bananas , had taken a heavy hit from the storm 's winds . "  The breadfruits are just all over the road , " she said . The New Zealand high commissioner in Apia , Nick Hurley , told Radio New Zealand of heavy damage . "  From what I have seen and heard it has made a huge impact on , for a start , all the vegetation , the trees , the infrastructure , all around Apia the power is out . A lot of people do n't have any water . The trees have snapped , in a lot of cases have actually come down across roads , crashed into the fale , onto the houses , " Hurley is quoted as saying . CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report and Brad Lendon and Mark Morgenstein wrote this report	NEW : Tropical Cyclone Evan is lashing Samoa and American Samoa Deadly storm is the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane Evan is headed toward Fiji
Prince George made his first public appearance in three months Wednesday , as he arrived with his parents , Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , for his christening at St. James 's Palace . The baby prince smiled as he was shown off to family members including his great-grandparents , Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , before the royals entered the Chapel Royal . George was dressed in an elaborate lace and satin christening gown that 's a replica of one made in 1841 for the christening of Queen Victoria 's eldest daughter . Being baptized into the church is more significant for George than for most people , since he is in line to become king , which would also make him the supreme governor of the Church of England . The occasion was kept uncharacteristically small , in a shift away from the larger ceremonies that his father and grandfather enjoyed at Buckingham Palace . His grandfather Prince Charles and uncle , Prince Harry , were among the select few invited to the ceremony , along with Catherine 's parents , Carole and Michael Middleton , and her siblings , James and Pippa . New photos of Prince George released The Archbishop of Canterbury , the Most Rev. Justin Welby , greeted the guests as they arrived at the chapel . The royal baby , who was born in July , has seven godparents , among them Prince William 's cousin Zara Tindall , daughter of Princess Anne , and close friends of the couple . They include Oliver Baker , who got to know William and Catherine at St. Andrew 's University , Emilia Jardine-Paterson , who went to school with Catherine , and William van Cutsem , a childhood friend of William . The other godparents are Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton , a former private secretary to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry ; Julia Samuel , who was a good friend of William 's mother , Diana , Princess of Wales ; and Earl Grosvenor , son of the Duke of Westminster . The replica christening gown was brought into use in 2008 to help preserve the 170-year-old original , used until then for every royal christening , including those of Prince William and his father , Charles . The venue for the christening also has a special significance for Prince William . The body of his mother , Diana , rested in the Chapel Royal for five days before her funeral in 1997 . After the service , Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , held a private tea at Clarence House . The guests were served slices of christening cake , which is a tier taken from William and Catherine 's 2011 wedding cake . Prince William interview : Future king talks fatherhood , baby George ` What a gift ' In a short video posted on his website , Welby spoke of the significance of the baby prince 's baptism , which will see him "  join the family of the church , " numbering almost 2 billion people around the world . Welby said any christening was a moment for the parents to celebrate the birth of their child , royal or not . "  All babies are unbelievably special , not only royal babies , " he said . But Prince George 's christening does carry an extra significance , he said . "  As a nation we are celebrating the birth of someone who in due course will be the head of state . That 's extraordinary . It gives you this sense of forward looking , of the forwardness of history as well as the backwardness of history , and what a gift to have this new life and to look forward . " As with any other infant 's baptism , Welby marked the Prince with the sign of the cross on his forehead and splash water on his head . The silver font used for George 's baptism has been used for every royal christening since 1841 and will be filled with water from the River Jordan . The 3-month-old boy has already made history . He 's the first royal baby to be honored with a christening coin from the Royal Mint . The design of the coins , produced by the mint in a range of sizes and materials , has been approved by his parents and the Queen , the Royal Mint said . The public can buy the keepsakes , which start at 13 pounds  $ 21  for the simplest type but rise to a whopping 50,000 pounds  $ 80,000  for a version containing a kilogram of gold . A historic look at royal baby clothes Service details Prince George 's christening ceremony included two hymns , two lessons and two anthems , according to Kensington Palace . Prince Harry read him a lesson form John 15:1 -5 , and his aunt Pippa Middleton read Luke 18:15 -17 . The music started with a processional , Bach 's "  Fantasia in G , " played on organ . The Choir of Her Majesty 's Chapel Royal , made up of six men and 10 boys , sang the anthem "  Blessed Jesu ! Here we Stand , " which was written for the baptism of baby George 's father , Prince William , in 1982 . The second anthem was "  The Lord Bless You and Keep You " by John Rutter . The newest royal also heard the hymns "  Breathe on Me , Breathe on God " and "  Be Thou My Vision " before the organ played the recessional , which was C.W. Widor 's Toccata from Symphony No. 5 .	Prince George christened in small , private event at St. James 's Palace George wore an ornate christening gown that 's a replica of an 1841 royal original 7 people are named as godparents , including childhood friends of William and Kate "  All babies are unbelievably special , not only royal babies , " says Archbishop of Canterbury
CNN  -- In the next five years , there are likely to be as many mobile cellular subscriptions as there are people on this planet . By 2020 , pundits predict more than 50 billion connected devices . With seven billion people 's needs to serve , information and communications technologies  ICTs  represent the single most powerful channel we have ever had to reach out to others , wherever they may live , whatever their circumstances . They also represent our best hope of accelerating progress towards meeting the Millennium Development Goals  MDGs  by the target date of 2015 . Can Africa reach its 2015 MDGs ? If countries embrace the unique power of mobile broadband technology , I believe many have a good chance . The eight MDGs can not be separated . If you combat disease , you also reduce child mortality ; if you give every child a primary education , you promote gender equality . It is because these goals are interlinked that broadband is so important . If we classify the MDGs into three broad areas -- education , health , and the environment -- we see that mobile broadband has a key role to play in each . Read more : Phone journalism gives a voice to India 's rural poor It offers a solution for providing education in under-served areas . Around 90 % of children in the developing world are enrolled in primary school , but in some regions -- notably sub-Saharan Africa -- up to 30 % of children drop out before their final primary year . Broadband can better engage children , equipping them with valuable ICT skills and opening a window on the world 's information resources , in a multitude of languages . Technology can transform healthcare . From simple SMS reminders for vaccinations or anti-retroviral treatments , to grassroots information gathering on demographics and diseases , to mobile information repositories for personal health records , cellphones are becoming a key cornerstone of health programs in a growing number of African countries . Every year , more than half a million women die as a result of complications in pregnancy and childbirth . The tragedy is that the majority of these deaths are preventable -- yet in Africa , fewer than half of all births are attended by a midwife or skilled health worker . While there is no substitute for the physical presence of a healthcare professional , broadband is helping train community field workers , while providing expectant mothers and their extended families with simple advice that protects health -- and lives . The MDG on ensuring environmental sustainability spans a wide range of targets , from the provision of safe drinking water and basic sanitation , to protecting biodiversity and improving the lives of slum-dwellers . In many of these areas , broadband will be a vital link . For example , so-called "  smart " electricity grids make it easier for locally generated electricity  including from renewable sources  to be integrated , stored and shared as demand fluctuates . Broadband can also help local farmers and fishermen by delivering weather forecasts directly to their mobile phones and providing information on sustainable farming techniques . Read more : Mobiles of future will get under our skin The way we work is also being changed by broadband . Innovative projects are improving the lives of slum-dwellers -- for example in Kenya -- through providing access to employment and training . Last year at ITU Telecom World 2011 , the International Telecommunication Union awarded a prize to a young entrepreneur who developed an education platform for working children , enabling them to use smartphones to improve their literacy , numeracy and general knowledge while they travel to work on public transport vehicles equipped with low-cost WiFi repeaters . Broadband gives small businesses the opportunity to broaden their customer base and reduce their overheads through e-commerce platforms . And it will support advanced financial services for consumers , building on the outstanding success of the mPesa mobile banking model , an excellent example of innovation coming directly out of Africa to solve African problems . The eighth and final MDG is "  developing a global partnership for development . " It is , perhaps , the most fundamental of all the goals , because it enables progress towards all the other goals . Developing such a partnership is a basic element of our work at ITU . Because we understand the incredible potential of broadband , we launched the Broadband Commission for Digital Development to help move broadband to the top of the political agenda . This multi-stakeholder commission comprises over 50 top-level global leaders , and has defined a vision for accelerating the deployment of broadband networks worldwide . It has also established four critical targets that we believe all countries should to strive to attain by 2015 : Target 1 : Making broadband policy universal . By 2015 , all countries should have a national broadband plan or strategy or include broadband in their universal access/service definitions . Target 2 : Making broadband affordable . By 2015 , entry-level broadband services should cost less than 5 % of average monthly income . Target 3 : Connecting homes to broadband . By 2015 , 40 % of households in developing countries should have internet access . Target 4 : Getting people online . By 2015 , internet user penetration should reach 60 % worldwide , 50 % in developing countries and 15 % in least-developed countries . We have only three years to go . But it is highly significant that among all the MDG targets the most advanced is the one involving ICTs . Let 's capitalize on that and use Africa 's near-ubiquitous mobile coverage to break old infrastructure bottlenecks and short-circuit the traditional development cycle . Ubiquitous mobile broadband is a big idea whose time has come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamadoun Touré .	Mobile broadband can help Africa reach Millennium Development Goals , says Hamadoun Touré He argues that broadband can teach children information technology skills Mobile technology is transforming healthcare and banking , Touré says
A new iPhone app is making waves in the commercial shipping world by providing an early warning system that aims to reduce maritime collisions with endangered whales . The Whale Alert App was launched at the start of April and produces up to the minute data regarding sightings of right whales near busy shipping lanes off the north east coast of America . The program is a collaborative effort between 13 different organizations including the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the International Fund for Animal Welfare . See also : How Flickr can help save the whales Although there are only a handful of incidents between ships and the giant mammals each year , any collision that leads to a right whale fatality can have a major impact on the species status due to its severely depleted numbers . "  The right whale is one of the most endangered large animals on the planet , there are only between 350 to 550 of them left " says David Wiley of the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary . "  If a ship strikes a reproductive female then the mortality impact could be very large in terms of what it means for the overall population , " adds Wiley . The Whale Alert App works by collating up to the minute reports from all the organizations involved in tracking or researching right whales in the United States . See also : Rare dolphins boosted by sea sanctuary This information is then used to pinpoint right whales straying within a five kilometer radius of major shipping lanes . Ship captains with access to the free app via their iPhone or iPad can then reduce their speed , change course or increase their vigilance so as to avoid a potential collision . "  By increasing mariners ability to comply with regulations and protective measures , you increase protection for the right whales  as well as  decreasing the chance that mariners will be fined for violating  those  regulations , " says Wiley "  NOAA has fined some ships up to $ 92,000 dollars for going too fast repeatedly in seasonal management  conservation  areas , " he adds . See also : Activists using drones against Japanese whalers So far there has been 9,600 downloads of the Whale Alert App from iTunes and Wiley believes the idea could also be extended to reduce shipping collisions with whales in other areas of the world . He cites the Mediterranean Sea strait where sperm whales frequently cross busy shipping lanes as well as off the coast of New Zealand where collisions with Bryde 's whales are common . "  We 've invented this on our own , " says Wylie . "  But we expect it to be extremely influential in terms of creating a model for a lot of other conservation efforts . "	A new iPhone app aims to reduce collisions between endangered whales and ships The right whale is one of the most endangered large animals anywhere in the world The project is the result of a collaboration between 13 different organizations
CNN  -- The Daytona 500 ran as scheduled Sunday despite a jaw-dropping crash a day earlier that flung debris into the stands at the Daytona International Speedway . At least 28 fans were injured when more than a dozen cars piled up in the final curve of the Nationwide Series Drive4COPD 300 in Daytona Beach , Florida , on Saturday . Some of the debris went over a 22-foot-high fence that was built in 2010 , and some of it went through holes as the fence shredded when a car slammed into it and bounced back onto the track . "  At 8 a.m. , we met with NASCAR , we reviewed all of the repairs that we made last evening , " speedway president Joie Chitwood told reporters Sunday morning . "  We worked late into the evening and are prepared to go racing today . " Some of the fans who were sitting in that area returned for Sunday 's race , which began just after 1 p.m. ET , Chitwood said . Jimmie Johnson won the race , edging out Dale Earnhardt Jr. and a host of others down the stretch . The wreck occurred when several closely packed cars were jostling for position at top speeds of about 175 mph . They got tangled up , setting off a dangerous chain reaction that ensnared several vehicles . Reigning Sprint Cup champ Brad Keselowski , who later told CNN on Saturday that he and others were simply "  going for the win , " was among those involved , while Tony Stewart somehow emerged unscathed and won the race . Driver Kyle Larson 's vehicle ended up flying into a fence that separates the track from spectators . The car broke into pieces , including tires and a fiery engine . Larson walked away from the crash , even after the front part of his No. 32 car was gone . He and the other nine drivers involved told reporters that they were checked at a medical tent on the Daytona infield and released . Some pieces of the shredded debris flew into the barrier , while others got into the stands -- some of it reaching the second level . Chitwood said the fence had been replaced after a similar incident at Talladega in which a car hit the fence and seven fans were injured . A video posted on YouTube shows a cloud of debris flying into stands and one man gasping , "  Oh , my God . " A tire rests on one seat , as a man frantically waves and yells to get the attention of paramedics . Afterward , several spectators could be seen lying down after apparently suffering injuries . About 10 ambulances lined up on the track , with some first responders carrying stretchers . Fourteen fans were treated at an on-site medical facility , and 14 others were transported to area hospitals , Chitwood told reporters . "  I 'm just hoping everyone is OK , " Keselowski said . "  As drivers , we assume the risk . But fans do not . " NASCAR president Mike Helton earlier told ESPN , which was broadcasting the race , that some people were taken to Halifax Health Medical Center . He said the protective fence did its job in preventing potentially more injuries and possibly deaths . Byron Cogdell , a spokesman for the hospital , told CNN that his facility had treated 12 patients . By early Sunday evening , seven patients -- each of whom is considered stable -- were still being treated at Halifax Health , the hospital said in a statement . Staff at Florida Hospital Memorial Medical Center treated four people , spokeswoman Lindsay Rew said Saturday evening . The injured include Eddie Huckaby , a 53-year-old Krum , Texas , resident who suffered a leg gash when a large piece of metal hit him as he was watching the race , his brother Terry Huckaby told CNN affiliate WKMG . He described part of the motor landing in the stands , as well as a wheel , "  and everything flying over your head and debris everywhere . " "  He 's doing fine , " Terry Huckaby said of his brother , who had surgery at Halifax Health Medical Center . "  The first thing he said , ' I do n't want to miss that  Daytona 500  race , but I have to watch on TV . ' " Accidents are nothing new to NASCAR , where cars often cruise at speeds near 200 mph , nor are they new to the Daytona track . One of the sport 's most horrific , and well-known , wrecks happened in the 2001 Daytona 500 , when seven-time NASCAR champion Dale Earnhardt Sr. was killed -- also on that race 's final lap . Still , injuries and fatalities to spectators are much rarer . CNN 's John Newsome and Joe Carter reported from Daytona Beach , and Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Phil Gast , Dan Moriarty , Scott Thompson and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Halifax Health is treating seven patients -- all of them stable -- the hospital says Sunday A dramatic accident from a different race flung debris into the stands Saturday Wreckage , including an engine , went airborne -- some reaching the stands ' second level At least 28 fans were reported injured , some treated at the track and others at hospitals
CNN  -- Manchester City 's pursuit of Arsenal midfielder Samir Nasri appears to be coming to an end after the two clubs agreed a fee for the French international . Nasri had just one year remaining on his Arsenal contract and City 's offer , believed to be in the region of $ 32 million , has persuaded the London club to cash in , despite manager Arsene Wenger 's reluctance to lose the player he signed from Marseille in 2008 . The transfer was thought to have hit a stumbling block last week , resulting in Nasri appearing for Arsenal in their 2-0 home defeat by Liverpool on Saturday . What now for Arsenal and Fabregas ? However , Nasri has been left out of Arsenal 's squad for the second leg of their Champions League qualifier against Udinese , meaning he will not be cup-tied for City 's own Champions League campaign . The move , which is now dependent on Nasri passing his medical , will see the 24-year-old become the second player to join City from Arsenal since the end of last season , following defender Gael Clichy 's switch , while Kolo Toure and Emmanuel Adebayor have also made the same move over the last two years . Nasri follows captain Cesc Fabregas , who completed his transfer to Barcelona last week , out of the Emirates exit door , leaving Wenger with a massive influx of money available to him to reinforce his Arsenal squad by the close of the transfer window on August 31 . And Fabregas used his personal Twitter account to say : "  Good luck to my friend Nasri at his new club . One of the best players around . " The Gunners have had a shaky start to the English Premier League season , with just one point and no goals from their opening two matches , leaving Wenger under more pressure than he has ever faced since becoming Arsenal manager 15 years ago . "  The summer was difficult because we had Fabregas and Nasri on permanent transfer negotiations and that is draining in the end , " Wenger told the official Arsenal website . "  We lost two great players and that 's sad , but at some stage it has to be over because we want to focus on the future . "  Overall what you do not want is to have players who play and think they go the next morning , that is not ideal . You want players who are completely committed to the long term , " he added . Wenger must also take his depleted squad to Italy for Wednesday 's crucial match against Udinese , with the Londoners holding a slender 1-0 advantage from the first leg . However , UEFA have confirmed that Wenger will be allowed to sit on the bench for the match after Arsenal appealed against a two-match touchline ban for breaking the terms of his one-match suspension during the first leg against Udinese . In other transfer news , Premier League side Blackburn Rovers have completed their fourth signing of the transfer window , with 25-year-old Montenegro winger Simon Vukcevic joining from Sporting Lisbon on a three-year contract for a fee of $ 3m .	Arsenal and Manchester City agree a fee for the transfer of Samir Nasri The Frenchman had just one year remaining on his contract with Arsenal Nasri 's departure follows the sale of Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas to Barcelona
Washington  CNN  -- Time after time Wednesday , Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan insisted last month 's prostitution scandal in Colombia was an aberration -- just poor choices by a dozen agents under the influence of alcohol . "  This is not a cultural issue , this is not a systemic issue , " Sullivan told the Senate Homeland Security Committee , arguing that similar misconduct has n't occurred on thousands of other overseas trips by Secret Service agents . "  On this particular trip , we had individuals who made very bad decisions . " He maintained that view when Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , noted the agents used their own names when signing in prostitutes as overnight guests in their hotel rooms . Does n't that show the agents lacked any fear of disclosure or discipline , Collins asked . Sullivan responded that "  between the alcohol and I do n't know , the environment , these individuals did some dumb things , " adding that he did not believe they acted because they thought their behavior would be tolerated . In his own Secret Service career spanning decades , Sullivan noted , he never witnessed such behavior . To Collins and other senators on the panel investigating the night of heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes in Cartagena , Sullivan 's personal dedication and loyalty to the agency he heads might be preventing him from accepting what seems obvious to them . "  I continue to believe that the problem is broader than you believe it to be , " Collins said to Sullivan at the end of Wednesday 's hearing . She later told reporters : "  I think he has a difficult time coming to grips with the fact that he has a broader problem than just this one " episode . Photos : A decade with the Secret Service The hearing was the first by a congressional committee on the April incident that embarrassed the nearly 150-year-old agency and raised security concerns . In Colombia as part of the advance details before President Barack Obama arrival to attend the Summit of the Americas , a dozen agents hit the clubs of Cartagena for a night of drinking that ended with them bringing women back to their hotel rooms . A morning-after dispute between one agent and a woman over payment led to a dozen Secret Service members being sent home and the resulting media coverage and investigations . Collins and committee chairman Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who caucuses with the Democrats , called an announcement at the hearing that the Department of Homeland Security 's acting inspector general will launch an independent investigation of the Colombia incident "  a big change " and "  significant . " Previously , the acting inspector general , Charles Edwards , was going to review the internal investigation by the Secret Service . In addition , at least two other congressional panels are looking into the scandal , and the military is investigating 12 members also allegedly involved . In his opening statement Wednesday , Lieberman said it was hard to believe that on one night , the agents involved "  suddenly and spontaneously did something they and other agents never had done before . " House chairmen praise Secret Service response to prostitution scandal Lieberman and Collins provided new details of the incident , describing how the Secret Service agents went out on the town in groups of two or three to four different strip clubs and night clubs and returned to their hotel with foreign women who were signed in as overnight guests . Collins said the circumstances suggested that "  different rules apply on the road . " Sullivan , however , repeatedly argued the incident reflected misconduct by a few bad actors in an otherwise professional and exemplary agency . He apologized for what happened and declared himself "  dumbfounded " when word of what happened first reached him the next day . "  When many of these people were interviewed , I do n't think they could explain why they exhibited the behavior they did , " he said , adding that "  there is no excuse for that type of behavior from a conduct perspective and a national security perspective . That type of behavior was reckless . " Sullivan also revealed that two of the Secret Service agents who initially said they would resign over the scandal now are seeking to challenge their ouster . He said the agency will seek to revoke the security clearances of the two , which would effectively prevent them from continuing to work for the Secret Service . Under respectful but persistent questioning by the panel members , Sullivan said the misconduct never compromised the security plan for the Obama trip . 3 Secret Service agents refuse prostitution scandal polygraph The incident involved roughly 20 alleged prostitutes and has resulted in the dismissal of nine Secret Service members . Three others were cleared of serious misconduct . The military is investigating the alleged involvement of 12 service members , but has yet to announce any results . Collins noted that "  it is basic ` counterintelligence 101 ' that Secret Service personnel and others holding sensitive positions of trust in the U.S. government should avoid any situation that could provide a foreign intelligence or security service or criminal gangs with the means of exerting coercion or blackmail . Yet two of the primary means of entrapment -- sexual lures and alcohol -- were both present here in abundance . " While preliminary findings are that no weapons or classified material was in the agents ' rooms , those involved "  could easily have been drugged or kidnapped , or had their liaisons with these foreign national used to blackmail them , " she said . "  They willingly made themselves potential targets not only for intelligence or security services , but also for groups like " drug cartels . White House defends Secret Service amid prostitution investigation Sullivan said in his opening statement that "  at the time the misconduct occurred , none of the individuals involved in misconduct had received any specific protective information , sensitive security documents , firearms , radios or other security related equipment in their hotel rooms . " In addition , Sullivan noted that allegations of similar misconduct by Secret Service personnel in El Salvador in March 2011 appeared to be untrue . "  After several days in San Salvador and conducting 28 interviews with hotel managers and employees , individuals from the U.S. Department of State , other government agencies and contract employees assigned to assist the Secret Service ... no evidence was found to substantiate the allegations , " he said . The alleged incident was reported by CNN affiliate KIRO in Seattle . The station cited an unnamed U.S. government contractor who worked extensively with the Secret Service advance team in San Salvador before an Obama visit . The source said he was with about a dozen Secret Service agents and a few U.S. military specialists at a strip club in the city a few days before Obama arrived . The men drank heavily at the club , the source said , and most of them paid extra for access to a VIP section where they were provided sexual favors in return for cash . Sullivan said Wednesday that the owner of the business was interviewed and provided a sworn written statement saying "  he had no knowledge or any other information that any Secret Service personnel had been to his business or information about misconduct by Secret Service personnel . " He outlined previously reported steps being taken to prevent future instances , including enhanced supervision on such assignments and a reinforced code of conduct . Sullivan also encouraged agents to blow the whistle on any misconduct by peers that they encounter . "  I do n't think that our men and women need these guidelines because we have men and women of character , we have men and women of integrity , " he said . Collins remained unpersuaded , telling reporters after the hearing she was disturbed by Sullivan 's repeated insistence that the Colombia scandal was an isolated incident . Meanwhile , three Drug Enforcement Administration agents are under investigation for allegedly soliciting sex in Cartagena . One of them had a long-term relationship with a prostitute , two government sources familiar with the investigation said . Investigations focus on agents ' activities , relationships in Colombia The DEA agents were not involved in security for the president 's trip , the government sources said . The DEA agent 's relationship with the prostitute came to light after a Secret Service agent voluntarily reported to his superiors that he was at a party at the agents ' Cartagena apartment on April 13 where the three agents and several women were present , the government sources said . The Secret Service agent is the 13th employee to be caught up in the Colombia scandal . He is on administrative leave , according to several sources , but is not expected to lose his job because he came forward on his own to report the incident . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Ashley Hayes and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Senators differ with the Secret Service director on the scope of the problem Director Sullivan calls agents involved in the Colombia prostitution scandal "  reckless " Sullivan says no security breach occurred The incident occurred before President Obama arrived for a regional summit
CNN  -- A female correctional officer at a Washington state prison was strangled and an inmate who told officers he had planned to escape is under investigation , authorities said Sunday . Jayme Biendl , 34 , was discovered late Saturday night after workers at the Monroe Correctional Complex noticed her keys and radio were missing , according to a statement from the Washington State Department of Corrections . Staff at the prison immediately went to where she worked and found her unresponsive , it said . Emergency responders declared Biendl dead at the scene shortly before 11 p.m. PT , the department said . She had been strangled , according to Chad Lewis , a department spokesman . Also Saturday night , a prison inmate was reported missing during a routine count , the department said . He was later found in the chapel lobby and told officers he had planned to escape , but changed his mind . The inmate , who Lewis identified as Byron Scherf , has since been taken to a segregation unit . The entire complex was on lockdown Sunday as officers investigate the incident , the statement said . Police are interviewing Scherf as a suspect in the officer 's death , Lewis said . Biendl had worked with the corrections department since 2002 .	Jayme Biendl had worked with the corrections department since 2002 She was found strangled , with her keys and radio missing An inmate who told officers he had planned to escape is considered a suspect
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  A Yemeni jet commanded by the capital 's Houthi conquerors fired missiles at a palace housing Yemen 's deposed President in the country 's south Thursday , injuring no one but marking an escalation in deadly fighting that 's erupted between forces for and against the ousted leader . The jet flew from Sanaa , which Houthi rebels overtook in January , to the palace in the port city of Aden , where the jet conducted the strikes Thursday afternoon , a senior air force official said on condition of anonymity . Deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi was at the Aden palace compound when the first missile struck the grounds , but he then fled safely , a Hadi aide said , also on condition of anonymity . A second missile struck near the compound , but , like the first , injured no one , two officials in Aden said . Another Houthi-commanded air force jet fired a missile in downtown Aden about a half-hour later , again injuring no one , Aden Gov. AbdulAziz Hobtour said . It was n't immediately clear what the missile struck , or what the intended target was . The airstrikes came on the same day opposing Yemeni military forces -- those commanded by Houthis , and those led by officers loyal to Hadi -- battled in Aden , leaving at least 13 people dead and 21 others injured , Hobtour said . The Houthis , a minority rebel group that holds sway in the nation 's north but has less influence elsewhere , took control over military forces stationed near Sanaa , including the air force , as it overtook the government there in January . Hadi initially was put under house arrest in Sanaa , but he escaped last month , fleeing to Aden and declaring himself to still be president . Some military forces still are loyal to Hadi , including troops from his native province in the south . On Thursday , clashes erupted in Aden when a special forces commander loyal to the Houthis , Abdul Hafez Al Saqqaf , ordered hundreds of his troops to create checkpoints at all roads leading to Aden 's airport . Watch : Who are the Houthis ? The clashes were reported to be taking place on four different fronts in the airport and a surrounding military base . Passengers were stranded at the airport , with flights canceled throughout the day . Al Saqqaf 's forces gave up much of their ground in Aden after pro-Hadi forces struck them with heavy artillery and tanks , a pro-Hadi military commander said on condition of anonymity . Some of the wounded in Thursday 's fighting were in critical condition , officials said , suggesting the death toll could rise . The Houthis entered Sanaa in September , demanding a greater share of political power . They took control over a period of months , seizing the presidential palace in January . The unrest has plunged Yemen deeper into chaos . Hadi had issued a presidential decree replacing Al Saqqaf two weeks ago , but the decree was not implemented . Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	A jet fires missiles on and near palace grounds in Aden Passengers are stranded at an airport in Aden amid fierce fighting Supporters of Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi clash with special forces loyal to rebels
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Michael Jackson collapsed at his rented mansion last month , the singer 's arms were riddled with marks and their veins had collapsed -- both characteristics found in intravenous drug users , sources told CNN on Tuesday . A source says Michael Jackson had "  paper white skin . As white as a white T-shirt . " The revelations add to the speculation that prescription drugs played a part in Jackson 's death on June 25 . The exact cause is pending toxicology results that are n't due for at least another week . A source involved with the investigation into Jackson 's death told CNN that Jackson had "  numerous track marks " on his arms -- and that those marks "  could certainly be consistent with the regular IV use of a drug , like Diprivan . " The sources did not want to be identified because the investigation is ongoing . The source said investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in the singer 's $ 100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills , but he would not confirm whether Diprivan was among them . Watch what sources say on condition of Jackson 's body " He also cautioned that it was too soon to say whether an intravenous drip of Diprivan caused the track marks . Some appeared fresh ; others older , he said . The new ones could have resulted from the IVs that paramedics used when they tried to revive Jackson after he was found unconscious . Another source with knowledge of the case said Jackson 's veins were collapsed in both arms , suggesting frequent intravenous drug use . The first source said Jackson 's body was "  lily white from head to toe , " perhaps the result of vitiligo -- a condition that causes the skin to lose melanin and produce slowly enlarging white patches . The second source said Jackson had "  paper white skin . As white as a white T-shirt . " The singer also did not have any hair -- a lingering effect , possibly , of an accident in 1984 when Jackson suffered burns to his scalp while shooting a commercial for Pepsi . Also , said the second source , Jackson was emaciated -- despite the vigor he 's seen displaying in a taped rehearsal clip shot two nights before his death . The drug Diprivan , known by its generic name Propofol , is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a general anesthetic . Last week , a nutritionist -- Cherilyn Lee -- said Jackson pleaded for the drug despite being told of its harmful effects , because he had difficulty falling asleep . Sources close to Jackson told CNN that the insomniac singer traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up " during a world tour in the mid - '90s . The California state attorney general 's office is helping the Los Angeles Police Department in Jackson 's death investigation . The office confirmed it is investigating some doctors who treated Jackson over the years . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration is also looking into the role of drugs . Los Angeles police have interviewed Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . They impounded Murray 's car , saying it might contain evidence , possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Through his lawyers , Murray has released several statements , saying he would not be commenting until the toxicology results from Jackson 's autopsy are released . Dr. Neil Ratner , the anesthesiologist who accompanied Jackson during the HIStory tour in the mid - '90s , also refused to comment , although he acknowledged Jackson suffered from a sleep disorder . CNN 's Susan Chun contributed to this report .	Source cites "  numerous track marks " on Jackson 's arms when medics came 2nd source says Jackson 's veins were collapsed in both arms Sources also say Jackson was emaciated , did n't have any hair Toxicology reports are at least a week away
CNN  -- Somali pirates are not building palaces with swimming pools with the ransoms they collect from international shipping companies and hostages , but they are helping the local economy , a new report finds . "  There is a very clear trickle-down effect , " said author Anja Shortland , of Brunel University in the United Kingdom , who based her conclusion on everything from satellite pictures to local cattle prices . High-resolution satellite imagery shows construction in the inland towns of Garowe and Bosasso , including radio towers , walls and new buildings , she said . She 's not seeing much construction on the coast itself , she said . "  There are no light emissions on the coastal villages . But the settlements inland ... that 's probably where the money is going , " she said of the estimated hundreds of millions of dollars Somali pirates have claimed in the past several years . Shortland 's report , "  Treasure Mapped : Using Satellite Imagery to Track the Developmental Effects of Somali Piracy , " was produced for Chatham House , a British think tank . The waters off the largely lawless country have become one of the world 's busiest piracy zones , with ever-bolder pirates in small , highly maneuverable craft seizing everything from small yachts skippered by retirees to oil tankers and cargo loads of heavy weaponry . They normally demand a ransom for the safe return of vessel and crew . Military operations have been launched to try to protect ships traversing the region , but attacks continue . And the ransoms are having "  a developmental effect " on Somalia , said Shortland . The construction seems to be modest , she added . "  We do n't see palaces , no swimming pools , " she said . "  Consumption seems to be constrained by local norms on sharing . " She also said she had seen no direct evidence that the pirates were cooperating with the local al Qaeda-linked militant Islamist group Al-Shabaab -- although some experts believe they are . "  They 're very clever businesspeople , " Shortland said of the pirates , saying they knew that proof of links to terrorism could bring an even tougher international military response down on them . "  I have n't seen any proof . "	Satellite images show construction in Somalia , a new report finds The author concludes that pirates are putting money into the local economy "  We do n't see palaces , no swimming pools , " she says Somali pirates are estimated to have collected hundreds of millions of dollars
CNN  -- Fidel Castro will continue to have a hand in shaping Cuba 's future , but his brother and successor will remain in firm control of the government , Castro 's daughter said Monday . Alina Fernandez , daughter of Fidel Castro , has long opposed her father 's regime . "  He is still behind the scenes , but Raúl is making the decisions , " Alina Fernandez told CNN . "  No doubt about it . " Fidel Castro 's nearly five decades of rule ended Sunday when Cuba 's National Assembly chose his younger brother to be the Communist nation 's new president . Raúl Castro , 76 , assumed temporary control of Cuba more than a year ago after his brother suffered health problems . The lawmakers ' selection , which had been widely expected , came five days after Fidel Castro , 81 , announced his resignation in a letter published in Cuba 's state-run newspaper , Granma . In his address to the National Assembly , Raúl Castro proposed that "  we consult Fidel " on important decisions , which the 614 members of the legislative body unanimously passed . Watch CNN 's Morgan Neill on what the transfer of power means " Fernandez , who lives in Florida and has long opposed her father 's regime , said her uncle may bring some changes for Cuban business people and foreign relations for the the island . "  I think he will encourage some foreign investment , " Fernandez said . "  Small businesses also will be allowed . He wants more commerce with America , and that is what he will get . " Raúl Castro was leader of the Cuban army for almost 50 years . As Cuba 's acting president , he has kept a low profile . About six months ago , he began what he called a national debate on the problems of the country , acknowledging high unemployment and other economic concerns . However , he has said that only the Communist Party can guarantee continuity . In his address Sunday to the National Assembly , he called the party "  the guarantee of the Cuban nation . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Raúl Castro will seek more commerce with U.S. , Fidel Castro 's daughter says Fidel Castro still involved in Cuba 's future , his daughter says Younger Castro brother chosen Sunday to be Cuba 's new president
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- Floating 245 miles over the Earth Tuesday , NASA engineers Michael Fossum and Ronald Garan tethered themselves to the International Space Station and paused to absorb the view . "  My goodness , Mike , look down ... absolutely breathtaking , " Garan said as they floated over the Yucatan Peninsula . "  Welcome back to our other office . " The last spacewalk of the shuttle era began about 40 minutes behind schedule . Veteran astronaut Stephen Bowen was speaking to the engineers from Houston 's Johnson Space Center during the walk , which was scheduled to last just over six hours . The excursion was Fossum 's seventh spacewalk and Garan 's fourth , according to a NASA statement . Fossum and Garan had been at the International Space Station for several weeks before the crew from Atlantis arrived Monday on the last shuttle flight of the 30-year-old program . Members of the Atlantis crew helped choreograph the spacewalk from inside the space station , but only Fossum and Garan ventured outside . While on the spacewalk , the engineers were expected to recover a broken pump and stow it in the shuttle 's cargo bay . They also planned to retrieve an experiment from the bay and mount it outside the space station before deploying another experiment , according to NASA . On Monday , the crews learned they are not in danger from an orbiting piece of debris , the space agency said . The agency had been tracking a piece of the COSMOS 375 satellite , saying it could come close to the station . But NASA said Mission Control verified that the debris will pass a safe distance from the station and shuttle . The scrap is one of more than 500,000 pieces of debris tracked in Earth 's orbit , according to NASA . The space agency also announced Monday that Atlantis would stay in space one day more than originally planned . The shuttle , which was scheduled to land July 20 , will now make what NASA called a night landing at the Kennedy Space Center at 5:56 a.m. July 21 . Atlantis lifted off Friday on NASA 's final space shuttle mission . The first shuttle , Columbia , blasted off in April 1981 . Since then , space shuttle crews have fixed satellites , performed scientific studies , and ferried materials and people to International Space Station Alpha , a football field-sized construction project in orbit . In 134 missions , the five space shuttles have ferried 355 astronauts into space . When Atlantis lands , it will leave the United States with no way to lift humans into space for the first time in decades . NASA will rely on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Engineers Mike Fossum and Ronald Garan begin excursion NEW : Garan : "  Welcome back to our other office " The Atlantis crew is delivering supplies and spare parts The mission is the last of the 30-year space shuttle program
New York  CNN  -- As several thousand Muslim men and boys lay in mass graves in Srebrenica , Bosnia , a young boy -- maybe 12 -- wearing camouflage and clutching a Kalashnikov received a hug from a grieving mother . "  I wish I trained my son , " the woman said . Abu Hamza al-Masri broke down in the tears on the stand Thursday as he recounted the moment , which was pivotal for the radical cleric . He left Bosnia with the belief that training in physical jihad , even for children , is crucial to the defense of Muslims when governments and outside forces fail to keep them safe . He 's seen it from Afghanistan to Chechnya , he said : "  The West will not do the job . " The Egyptian-born cleric pleaded not guilty to 11 counts of terrorism-related charges in 2012 . He was extradited to the United States after a lengthy legal battle . The charges against him involve giving aid to terrorist groups , including supporting efforts to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon ; sending a young recruit from London to fight alongside al Qaeda on the front lines in Afghanistan ; and helping kidnappers in Yemen with the 1998 abduction of a tour group . Al-Masri , who may be the only defense witness , testified he came to London as a young man because loved the Western lifestyle , wanted to make money and have fun . "  American style , " he smiled . He worked as a bouncer and strip-club manager before bits of Islamic teachings from friends began to penetrate his mind , he testified . The hypocrisy of his lifestyle hit him like a slap in the face . Al-Masri would go on to become the high-profile imam of a London mosque and allegedly inspired several notorious terrorists with his sermons , including failed shoe bomber Richard Reid and 9/11 hijacker Mohammed Atta . He denied on the stand that he ever provided support to al Qaeda or the Taliban government . He noted that he has n't spoken before a crowd since his 2004 arrest and that a decade in solitary confinement has eroded his memory and grasp of language . The trial has been reinvigorating , said al-Masri , and the preacher drew laughter from in the courtroom Wednesday afternoon as he used examples of marital spats to illustrate the practical application of Islamic truth . The government 's three-week case against al-Masri was an effort to connect the dots between the defendant and events thousands of miles away from him , through key witnesses who often had never met him , and are testifying as government informants in exchange for leniency or protection . "  He was a trainer , a terrorist , and he used the cover of religion so he could hide in plain sight in London , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Edward Kim in his opening statement . Weapons and gas masks were found at al-Masri 's London mosque , the prosecutor said : "  Tools of war stockpiled in a place of worship . " Defense lawyer Joshua Dratel told the jury in his opening statement that no evidence links the cleric to the alleged crimes -- "  not in Yemen , not in Oregon , not in Afghanistan . " Dratel said his client "  never gave directions or orders to people " and served merely as a "  commenter on events and issues " when he lauded the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and celebrated the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  These are ideas , not acts , " he said . "  These are expressions , not crimes . " Missing both hands , Al-Masri wears an occasional writing prosthesis on his right forearm rather than the infamous hook-like device he 's often seen sporting in photographs . During his testimony , he said colorful stories abound about how he lost the limbs . It happened , he testified , when he worked as an engineer with the Pakistani military during the rebuilding of war-torn Afghanistan , and a bottle-bomb intended for a roadblock project exploded in his hands . Al-Masri , who faces the possibility of life in prison if convicted , will continue his testimony Monday .	Cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri weeps as he describes Srebrenica massacre After the event , he realized Muslims must defend themselves , he testifies Al-Masri is on trial in federal court on 11 terrorism-related charges He allegedly influenced failed shoe bomber Richard Reid and 9/11 attacker Mohammed Atta
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A technical snafu left some Visa prepaid cardholders stunned and horrified Monday to see a $ 23,148,855,308,184,500 charge on their statements . Josh Muszynski noticed the 17-digit charge while making a routine balance inquiry . That 's about 2,007 times the size of the national debt . Josh Muszynski , 22 , of Manchester , New Hampshire , was one Visa customer aghast to find the 17-digit charge on his bill . Adding insult to injury , he had also been hit with a $ 15 overdraft fee . He noticed that his debt exceeded the world GDP while making a routine balance inquiry on his online Bank of America account . According to his statement , he had spent the profound sum in one pop at a nearby Mobil gas station -- his regular stop for Camel cigarettes . "  Very , very panicked , " he jumped in his car and sped to the station . Had they perhaps noticed any "  outrageous " charges come across their books recently , he inquired of the cashier there . She checked the records . They had not . Watch the story of an astounded customer in Memphis , Tennessee " Muszynski wondered aloud what he might possibly have asked to purchase for such an astronomical price . "  Can I buy Europe on pump 4 ? " He next called Bank of America , the issuer of his Visa prepaid debit card . The bank kept him on hold for two hours , during which time he contemplated the impossibly bleak financial future that might await him . He also felt a stab of fear that he had saddled all his unborn grandchildren -- and their grandchildren -- with a lifetime of debt . "  Down the generational line , nobody would have any money . " Finally , a bank representative told him that the $ 23 quadrillion charge -- and the $ 15 overdraft fee -- would be stricken from his account . Muszynski compared the giant debt reprieve to receiving "  an amazing Monopoly card that says , ` Bank error in your favor . ' " In a statement , Visa said the rogue charges affected "  fewer than 13,000 prepaid transactions " and resulted from a "  temporary programming error at Visa Debit Processing Services ... -LSB- which -RSB- caused some transactions to be inaccurately posted to a small number of Visa prepaid accounts . " The company assured customers that the problem has been fixed and that all falsely issued fees have been voided . "  Erroneous postings have been removed ... this incident had no financial impact on Visa prepaid cardholders . "	$ 23,148,855,308,184,500 charge is about 2,007 times the size of the national debt Visa customer in New Hampshire , also hit with $ 15 overdraft fee , finds out online Statement said he 'd spent the big sum at gas station where he buys cigarettes Card issuer strikes charge and fee , blames "  temporary programming error "
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia pledged $ 3 billion to the Lebanese Army to strengthen its capabilities , according to Lebanon 's state-run news agency . Lebanon 's President Gen. Michel Sleiman said the money will allow the army to buy weapons from France , and he expressed gratitude to Saudi Arabia , according to the statement . "  The Saudi aid to the Lebanese Army is the largest in the history of Lebanon , " Sleiman said . The announcement comes as French President Francois Hollande is in Saudi Arabia for talks on the crisis in the Mideast and to strengthen economic ties . "  I think a majority of Lebanese would support it -- they want a stronger army -- but it will be divisive . It will create political and ideological tensions , " says Rami Khouri , an analyst with The Daily Star , a Lebanese newspaper . Lebanon is also home to Hezbollah , which is better equipped than Lebanon 's army and has been supporting government forces in neighboring Syria 's civil war . "  This is the Saudi 's way of thinking they can challenge or weaken Hezbollah or Iran or Syria . This is what they do . They give money , " Khouri says . Tensions have been rising in Lebanon . On Friday a car bomb in Beirut killed former Lebanese finance minister Mohamad Chatah , an outspoken critic of Hezbollah and the Syrian regime . Sleiman said in the statement that strengthening Lebanon 's army is now critical . "  Lebanon is threatened by sectarian conflict and extremism , " he said . Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	The Lebanese army will get $ 3 billion from Saudi Arabia , says Lebanon state news agency The money could buy weapons from France , according to a statement Lebanon 's army is not as well equipped as Hezbollah , which is headquartered in Lebanon Hezbollah has been supporting Syrian government in civil war
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- A woman of many talents , Haddy Jatou N'jie is one of Scandinavia 's rising stars . With a Gambian father and a Norwegian mother , she is both a successful singer with three solo music albums under her belt and a famous TV presenter , having hosted , among others , the 2010 Eurovision Song Contest from her hometown of Oslo . "  I can do whatever what I want , I can define myself in whatever way I want , " N'jie told CNN from the capital of Norway . "  As a journalist , as a writer , as an artist , musician , black or white , Gambian or Norwegian , and no one can tell me I ca n't be this , I ca n't be that . " N'jie 's multifarious personality has earned her celebrity status in Norway -- the fun-loving and free speaking performer has grown to become one of the country 's most instantly recognizable faces . She says she needs to live "  an asymmetrical life , " one that embraces all the different elements that have shaped her upbringing . "  People always ask me , ` What is the most important thing for you ? Is it the music , the journalism , what 's most important for you ? ' I need all of it . If I just do music , I get so tired of myself after a while that I have to do something else , and when I 'm just a journalist I really need to sing and write music or express myself in a more subjective way , so I need it all . " Born in Oslo in 1979 , N'jie says her life has been much the same as anyone else 's but she 's quick to admit that growing up as a black person in Norway has impacted her in many ways . "  When it comes to my identity as a Gambian-Norwegian , my knowledge is really more about being a visible minority in Norway and being black in a white country . "  From a very early age I started thinking , ` Who am I , where do I belong and what kind of person do I want to be ? ' So I started to make my own platform in a way , somewhere I could be without people , without having to defend myself in a way ... I have my own room where I can be Gambian , Norwegian , black or white . " One of her jobs as a presenter is to host an annual fundraising telethon for Norwegian broadcaster NRK that raises money for noteworthy causes . This year 's proceeds will be used to help and protect people fleeing from conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo , Somalia and Sudan , among others . Much of N'jie 's knowledge about Africa comes from her Gambian father , but she 's also traveled to the continent on a number of occasions . She recently visited the world 's largest refugee camp in Dadaab , Kenya -- a trip that she says had a profound impact on her . "  I met young people that are really ambitious , that really want to do something good with their lives . But they 're just victims of a war that they have no way of resolving , they are just stuck in a refugee camp so they have no way of fulfilling their dreams . " N'jie says at this year 's telethon , she wants to use the experience drawn from this trip to highlight the challenges faced by refugees . "  When you are a refugee you do n't always get your education . You are ripped out , you have to leave everything . And that 's the same if you are in Colombia , or in Dadaab on the Somalian border , or if you are in Gaza . "  As a young person you need education , you need hope , you need somewhere to go , so the project they have regarding education is something I 'd like to talk more about at the telethon this year . " When N'jie is not presenting shows on Norwegian television , she likes to indulge to her other passion -- performing . A talented singer in her own right , she has toured Norway several times both as a solo artist and as a member of Queendom , a comedy group of five like-minded women . "  People really tend to think of Queendom as we are just black Norwegians but we are a very international group . Because one girl is from Norway-Nigeria , one from Trinidad-Norway , one from Uganda , one from Ethiopia and me from Gambia-Norway . "  We make fun of Norwegians and we also make fun of Africans . And there is so much humor in the meeting between the different cultures . So to me it was about telling people about my experience as a black Norwegian woman but in a fun way . " N'jie 's musical interests led her to another project -- hosting the latest Eurovision Song Contest . It was an offer , she says , that she just could n't turn down . "  I love a good challenge , that 's it . So when they asked me I could n't say no . It 's the biggest TV show in NRK history . I had to do it . How do you create that kind of show ? With three shows , with 18 000 people every time . And it was just a big challenge , I loved every minute of it . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	TV presenter Haddy N'jie is an instantly recognizable face in Norway She was born in Oslo to a Gambian father and Norwegian mother N'Jie is also a singer who has released three solo albums She also hosted the Eurovision Song Contest this year
New York  CNN  When model Anna Cleveland twirled down a New York Fashion Week runway this week in a navy Zac Posen gown with triangular waist cutouts , it was hard to mistake her famous fashion-family lineage . For five decades now , another woman has sashayed down fashion-show runways around the globe with a similar theatrical flair : her mother . Pat Cleveland became a catwalk enigma during the Age of Aquarius of the 1960s and '70s . With her mixed ethnic heritage -- white , black and Native American -- she danced the lines of race just as she danced down the runways of Paris and New York with a finesse akin to Josephine Baker . Pat jump-started her career as a model for the Ebony Fashion Fair when she was just 15 years old . Her curly , free-flowing black hair and her signature runway twirls quickly set her apart . Soon , she was not only posing for Ebony but for the covers of Vogue and Vanity Fair . She was painted by Salvador Dali , partied with Andy Warhol and modeled for Halston alongside of-the-moment beauty icons like Anjelica Huston and Shelley Hack . "  Girls wanted to be boys . We had cigarettes ; we had the pill , " Pat Cleveland , whose full name is Patricia , said of her androgynous stage name and free-spirited approach . Though she is credited with revolutionizing both the runway and perceptions of beauty of that era , she said she had more than a fair share of doors slammed in her face . Now , as her daughter navigates the same high-fashion industry , CNN sat down with the mother-daughter duo to talk about beauty . The conversation has been edited for brevity and clarity . CNN : Anna , what was your first memory of fashion ? Anna Cleveland : I remember my first pair of shoes that my mom got me , and they were these pink , little plastic shoes . And I remember putting them on and that sound of , like , "  Tic , tic , tic , tic " -- there was something about that sound . ... It made me feel really good : empowered , confident somehow . CNN : What did you mother teach you about beauty ? Anna Cleveland : One thing that I think was interesting growing up as a kid , I got made fun of a lot because I was different . I was a flagpole , and all the girls had beautiful breasts , and I had no breasts ! She told me you do n't have to fit into a category . Pat Cleveland : First of all , look at the goddesses . Throughout history , there have been different types of beauty . There are so many forms of the feminine , and just take that and say , "  Here I am , this divine , feminine creature . " Anna Cleveland : I think it 's finding one feature of yourself , one feature that really makes you happy . Pat Cleveland : And it 's always your flaw that is your best feature . CNN : What 's that feature for you ? Pat Cleveland : I know I have  had  very curly hair . It was always a problem for me , but it kind of became my flying carpet . I kind of have a crookedy nose , and my nose is one of my  distinctive  features . You grow into it . Anna Cleveland : My longness , my nose . I have very long features . I learned to love that looking back at Modigliani paintings . I found that "  Oh , this person resembled me a little bit . " And I started to realize this long feature is who I am , and I better accept and roll with it . Pat Cleveland : Truly . New looks rock the boat , and they break the mold . That 's what you got to do : You got to rock the boat a little bit . CNN : And you certainly did that , Pat . Pat Cleveland : In the 1960s , it was really difficult in America because it was black and white , and I was standing on the fence like , ` Oh , do I need to tip this way or that way ? ' Anna Cleveland : It 's so beautiful to be a mixture of everything . You feel like you can fit in wherever you go . CNN : The fashion industry is often criticized for the opposite -- for unrealistic body image . Pat Cleveland : What I want to say about body image is that every beautiful woman is beautiful first -- like a flower -- from the inside . But you have to recognize that beauty . And now we have all sorts of images -- thank God -- and everything is eclectic and just so individual . Beauty is finding your own individual state of being . So , you can either water yourself with love or hate yourself . CNN : So why this ? Why fashion ? Anna Cleveland : Life is about creating something that you love and finding what you love . Being my mother 's daughter , I went through a phase where I thought , is it really my thing , or is it her thing ? At a certain point , I kind of rejected it . And in that time , I found how much fashion brought me to life and it was something that inspired me . CNN : Both of you have been described as "  muses " for various designers . Anna Cleveland : I never thought that . Being a muse is being amusing . It 's taking a vision and creating reality . I think for me it becomes not of myself , it becomes for them . You 're an extension of them . I like to call it chameleon-izing . I like to play different characters ; this dress makes me feel like a catwoman ; this dress makes me feel like a princess , etc. . CNN : What does it take ? Pat Cleveland : It 's an attitude , and it depends on society . Having owned a modeling agency , I 've seen different types of beauties come in because of the political atmosphere , so you have to think it 's a global state of affairs as to what kind of beauty will be prominent at what time . I think everyone will have a chance at some time . CNN : Pat , any last general advice to mothers with or without children in the fashion business ? Pat Cleveland : You have to be nourishing , be present and have gravity . When they get off track , pull them back .	Anna Cleveland walked in shows during New York Fashion Week Her mom , Pat Cleveland , is a legendary model from the 1960s and 1970s
CNN  -- Kei Nishikori became the first Japanese male to reach the quarterfinals of the Australian Open since 1932 when he held on to earn a shock five-set win over sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Monday . Nishikori , ranked 26th in the world , blew a two-set lead before beating the Frenchman for the second time in his career , triumphing 2-6 6-2 6-1 3-6 6-3 in three and a half hours . The 22-year-old , who will next face world No. 4 Andy Murray , beat his previous best grand slam performance -- reaching the fourth round of the 2008 U.S. Open . He is the first Japanese male player to reach the last eight of one of the four majors since Shuzo Matsuoka at Wimbledon in 1995 . "  This is the first quarterfinal for me , " an exhausted Nishikori , told reporters after his second successive five-set match . "  I feel I 'm stepping up . It was tough because he was still playing well in the fifth . I was having trouble with making returns . I started getting nervous ... But still I was playing aggressive on important points . I was making good serves . So that helped me to get the games . " Nishikori beat world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the Basel semis in October before losing to Roger Federer , having learned a lesson in his thrashing by Murray in the last four in Shanghai in his preceding tournament . "  He kind of destroyed me . But I have no pressure now . He 's one of the players I have to play like him . I learn a lot of things from him . It 's going to be tough , but I try to do my best tennis . " Nishikori said he hoped he could inspire Asian men 's players , as China 's Li Na did for the region 's women last year by reaching the Australian Open final and then winning the French Open . "  It 's an honor to make a lot of histories , to be the No. 1 player in Japan . But that never gives me pressure , " said Nishikori , who is a graduate of the Nick Bollettieri academy in Florida which has produced many top players such as Andre Agassi , the Williams sisters and Maria Sharapova . . "  There 's a lot of good players in Asia . But , yeah , I 'm happy to get to the top from Asia , and hopefully I can be like Li Na for the men . " Fourth seed Murray , the runner-up in Melbourne for the last two years , was coasting 6-1 6-1 1-0 against Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin when the world No. 92 was forced to retire with a left hip flexor injury . "  I 'll definitely be fresh for the next few rounds hopefully , " said Murray , who has yet to win a first grand slam title despite reaching four finals . "  I just need to make sure I do the right things the next couple days to get ready for the quarters . " Top seed and defending champion Novak Djokovic survived a spirited third-set fightback from former world No. 1 and home-crowd favorite Lleyton Hewitt to seal a 6-1 6-3 4-6 6-3 triumph in the late match . Hewitt , granted a wildcard for the tournament after a long fitness struggle has seen him dropped to 181st in the rankings , showed glimpses of the form which took him to two grand slam titles . But Djokovic -- a four-time grand slam winner including three major titles in 2011 -- eventually proved too strong and the Serbian world No. 1 eventually saw off the 30-year-old Hewitt in just under three hours in a match that went past 1 a.m. local time . "  I played some loose points and got him back into the match . But credit to him as well for being competitive , for not giving up , " Djokovic said . "  This is something you can expect from Lleyton who is very well-known for his fighting spirit . He had the crowd , he had the big support . It got intense . Especially the start of the fourth set we had some great rallies . " Fifth seed David Ferrer awaits Djokovic in the next round after the Spaniard eased to a 6-4 6-4 6-1 victory against French No. 17 Richard Gasquet . Seventh seed Tomas Berdych booked his place in the last eight with a four-set success against Spanish No. 10 Nicolas Almagro on Sunday , but the Czech was booed by the Hisense Arena crowd for refusing to shake his opponent 's hand at the end of the match . It followed an incident in the fourth set where Berdych accused Almagro of purposefully aiming a volley at his face , with the ball striking him on the arm . "  Whoever has played the tennis knows that the court is pretty big , and you always have some space to put the ball in , " said Berdych told reporters . "  And not even if you stand each other like three or four meters close to the guy , just try to hit it straight to your face , you know . I was just able and lucky to somehow fell down . "  I already take it as a past , it 's just one thing that what happened from the side of Nico ... So I think if they want to look at it like that , then I think maybe we both did some mistake . " Berdych 's last-eight opponent will be 2009 champion Rafael Nadal , the second seed who beat fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez 6-4 6-4 6-2 .	Kei Nishikori becomes first Japanese man in 80 years to reach Australian Open last eight The 24th seed registers a shock win against French sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga He next plays fourth seed Andy Murray , who advances as Mikhail Kukushkin retires injured Top seed Novak Djokovic also through with win against Australia 's Lleyton Hewitt
Norman , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Six o'clock on a Sunday morning and I 'm dragging myself out of bed to drive to Norman , Oklahoma , of all places . I grab my camera gear and overnight bag packed with extra underwear , then sneak out of my Dallas-area home for a day that promises to push my adrenaline to new levels . Two-and-a-half hours later , I pull into an ordinary-looking Oklahoma neighborhood . Weird , there 's a roundabout in the middle of this residential street ? Wait , that 's it ! The house with five cars in front , many of which have tornado logos emblazoned on the side . The doorbell button is busted , so I knock . Almost immediately , Reed Timmer , one of the stars of the Discovery Channel 's "  Storm Chasers " series , welcomes me into his home . Without going into too much gory detail , let 's just say there 's no doubt this place is a dude 's hangout . Make that multiple dudes . Reed 's cool . We talk about where we 'll head today to try to catch a tornado up close . He introduces me to Gizmo , their Yorkie . John Hallen and Jeff Shardell , two chasers I 've never met but will know much better by the end of our adventure , arrive with McDonald 's breakfast . A few more chasers join us , and the conversation turns to whether we should pack for an overnight chase . Gizmo races through the doggie door to the backyard where the six of us gather to toss a Nerf football and watch low-level clouds stream by in the Oklahoma gusts . Those clouds are a sign that moisture is streaming in , which is good for tornado formation . Minutes later , we reach a collective decision to pack for an overnighter . Suddenly , as if we 're a team of firefighters , everyone grabs their gear and piles into two chase vehicles . I jump into the back seat of a Mercury land-yacht . Jeff is driving , with Reed riding shotgun . John 's in the back seat behind Jeff . And Terra , John 's giant Schnauzer , claims the middle seat between us . Terra apparently loves tornadoes , and she clocked 20,000 miles chasing with John last year . Departure time : about 10:30 a.m. . Our target : Topeka , Kansas . Expected tornado : 6:00 p.m. Damn ! How do they know when and where a tornado will strike ? They toss around various names of computer weather models and "  z " times as they each make their case for when and where to go . It 's all foreign to me . I just hope they 're right . See inside a Tornado Intercept Vehicle About an hour up the road , John introduces me to his homemade energy drink . It 's a concoction of vegetables and Habanero sauce that he bottles and freezes for the trip . Reed is pumped when he sees the cranberry colored juice . Reed takes a drink , and John hands the bottle to me . As a new dad with a son in day care , I immediately think about catching a cold from the shared bottle . Then I remember I 'm on this trip to catch a tornado . If we screw this up , a cold will be the least of my worries . So , I take a swig . It tastes like vegetables . Hot vegetables ! Why did n't I bring a bottle of water ? After butt-numbing hours of driving , we eventually end up at a Burger King in Ottawa , Kansas , about an hour southeast of Topeka . It 's nearing 5:00 p.m. , but so far , there 's nothing showing on radar . Will today be a bust ? We 'll know in another hour or two . After grabbing dinner , talk turns toward Iowa , where storms have fired up . Should we go there ? This is often the dilemma storm chasers face . While we 're waiting for something to happen , a TV crew from nearby Kansas City grabs Reed for a quick interview . Minutes later , a girl who 's studying meteorology in high school stops by to talk with Reed about the jet stream and how she wants to chase storms . Soon afterward , a woman drives up and asks if she should be worried that we 're in her town . Finally , the latest radar data come in , and the team spots a storm about an hour north that looks promising . Like a scene from the movie "  Twister , " we quickly dispense with the chit chat , load the dog into the backseat and race towards the developing storm near Perry , Kansas . The adrenaline begins to build as Reed , Jeff and John excitedly examine the radar loop and point to the sky towards the left edge of the storm clouds . They do n't look ominous at first . But , as we drive further into the storm , the clouds take on a decidedly serious color . Winds sweep up dust devils as we pass farms along the two-lane highway . We stop at three different locations under the rotating heart of the storm , hoping that a funnel will descend . Cameras are rolling as winds gust and hail begins to fall . But , there 's no funnel . We jump back into the car and head east , trying to stay in front of this beast that 's moving at 50 mph . Through the rear window , John spots what looks like a "  gustnado . " Wind gusts from a storm sometimes spin and create what looks like a small tornado , but a gustnado is n't directly connected to any rotation above . We pull over to the side of the road as the dust cloud behind us builds . "  Uh , it 's coming right for us " I utter calmly , as it grows larger and closer . Like a NASCAR pro , Jeff loops the car around to the opposite side of the highway . We grab our cameras and spring into action to film this amazing event . It soon becomes clear this is n't a gustnado , but an actual tornado . Share your stories , photos and videos of severe weather About 50 yards from where we 're standing , this monster cloud of dust begins to tighten as it spins . You can see a tube of dust reaching into the sky . It moves almost gracefully through a field as we look on in awe . We ca n't feel any wind at first . Then , suddenly in a deafening roar , strong winds begin to push us from behind like a crowd at a ball game . It 's as if the tornado is taking a huge breath while it sucks in the air it needs to survive . After the tornado passes , we pile into the car and race to get ahead . As we continue our pursuit , we see leaves , grass and other small debris floating through the air . We drive a few miles only realize the tornado has vanished . That is it . After hours of driving hundreds of miles , this incredible display of nature 's violent side is over in a matter of seconds . Still , the trip is a huge success . That single storm was the only storm in the U.S. that produced a tornado that day , and we were in exactly the right spot to see it . The tornado touched down only a few miles from our target location of Topeka within an hour of our target time . While meteorologists ca n't predict with any certainty when or where a tornado is going to form , this chase showed that they are definitely making progress . After our euphoria and adrenaline subside , we head towards nearby Kansas City , Missouri , to watch the storm sweep through . Just as the lightning intensifies and the winds begin to gust , 2-inch hail stones began to fall . Terra may love tornadoes , but she 's no fan of hail . She begins barking fiercely as Reed , Jeff and I try to film the hail in the headlights . Fortunately , there are no injuries or serious damage to our team . We wrap up our chase with a late night visit to Applebee 's for dinner . When the new weather models show a lower probability of tornadoes the next day , we decide to head back to Norman . During the late night drive , I work in the backseat to edit the incredible video . Eventually , the long day catches up to Jeff , Terra and me . As I drift off to sleep , Jeff crashes in the backseat , while Terra sleeps with her head in my lap . My first chase is already filling my mind with dreams of the power of nature in Tornado Alley .	CNN 's Aaron Brodie chases tornado with Reed Timmer of "  Storm Chasers " They study radar and drive from Oklahoma to Kansas They race to stay ahead of what they think is a gustnado moving at 50 mph Monster cloud of dust becomes roaring tornado as it sends debris floating through the air
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- It 's no secret that "  American Idol " judge Simon Cowell often shows no mercy toward aspiring singers . Quirky , tattooed contestant Megan Joy Corkrey discovered that Wednesday night during the elimination round on the popular singing competition . Megan Joy said she and Simon Cowell remain on good terms . Megan Joy , who dropped her last name , told Cowell that she "  did n't really care " about his criticisms of her Tuesday night performance of Bob Marley 's "  Turn The Lights Down Low , " which he described as "  boring , indulgent and monotonous . " Those comments sealed the 23-year-old single mother 's fate . Host Ryan Seacrest asked Cowell if he would be using the "  save " rule in Megan 's case . Cowell demurred : "  Megan , with the greatest respect , when you said that you do n't care -- nor do we . So I 'm not going to pretend that we 're even going to contemplate saving you , " replied Cowell . "  I do n't care that Simon did n't like that song , " Joy said in an interview with CNN on Friday . "  I truly did n't and I still do n't . I still loved it , I sang it the way I wanted to . " Watch what CNN 's Michelle Wright said about Megan Joy " Despite all the bickering , Joy says that she and Cowell remain on good terms . After Wednesday 's program , she says they both laughed and he told her that he enjoyed watching her . Watch what CNN 's Lisa Respers France thought of performance " Furthermore , the self-described "  dork " says her "  American Idol " experience has opened new doors to her future . "  Before all this competition , I thought I was just going to be a stay-at-home mom , " Joy said . "  Now , I am interested to see all sorts of different things I could possibly try and dabble . ... I 'm excited to just see what 's out there . " And those bizarre moments onstage Wednesday when she flapped her arms and squawked like a bird ? Joy says that 's just her personality . "  I do a lot of sound effects all the time , bird noises , animal noises , " she said . "  Wednesday , I kind of had a feeling it was going to be me ... so I decided that I 'm just going to be myself and be silly out there . "	Megan Joy dropped from "  American Idol " on Wednesday night She had dismissed judge Simon Cowell 's criticism ; Cowell dismissed her Joy says "  Idol " has opened up new worlds for her
CNN  -- He 's been called the Bill Gates of India , the man who has made India synonymous with IT and outsourcing , and is consistently cited as one of the world 's best technology and business brains . You 've either got IT or you have n't : Nandan Nilekani and Infosys is one of India 's biggest success stories . As the co-founder and co-chairman of Infosys Technology , Nandan Nilekani has received plenty of accolades for being at the forefront of India 's transformation into a global leader in information technology . He was Forbes Asia Businessman of the Year in 2006 , the same year he was given one of India ' highest civilian honors , the Padma Bhushan . From modest beginnings , getting into the prestigious Indian Institute of Technology to study engineering was a defining moment in Nilekani 's life . "  I was just a middle class kid from a small town , and meeting a lot of very bright people gave me a lot of confidence and figure out how the world works , " he told CNN . While he has said that he lacked ambition as a young man -- "  it came later in life " -- he had enough foresight and initiative to set up Infosys in 1981 with six others , and so the fabled company story goes , with only $ 250 of capital . Infosys is now worth an estimated $ 4 billion and his ambition to develop Infosys as a company of ethics and excellence is as strong as ever . As a businessman , Nilekani is sought after for his business nous and ability to develop a company , but he is just as in demand as an excellent communicator and technology visionary . He 's courted by governments and focus groups and sits on the directors ' board of a number of international organizations . "  A good leader is one who can connect a bird 's - eye view with a worm 's - eye view of the world . Nandan is very good with the bird 's - eye-view , " said Infosys ' Chairman of the Board Narayana Murthy . Nilekani told CNN : "  I had the patience to listen to those points of view and then hammer out a resolution or a solution that was acceptable to everybody . I realized I could be a consensus builder , a lot of that comes from my background . " He 's been realistic about the current global economic crisis , predicting an inevitable slowdown in the growth of India 's IT sector but stated at the India Economic Summit in New Delhi in November that they will continue to grow , despite the difficulties ahead . The days of scorching growth might be over , but with a worm 's - eye view and a bird 's - eye view of the global situation , Nilekani is one Indian industrialist who has the vision to see through tough times .	Set up Infosys with six others in 1981 with $ 250 capital ; now worth $ 4 billion Feted for his business acumen and vision in the technology sector Voted Forbes Asia Businessman of the Year 2006
China has expressed "  strong dissatisfaction " with a U.S. statement urging the government to free protesters imprisoned after the 1989 crackdown near Tiananmen Square . At a daily Ministry of Foreign Affairs briefing , spokesman Liu Weimin accused the U.S. government of making baseless allegations and interfering with China 's internal affairs . "  The U.S. side has been ignoring the facts and issuing such statements year after year , making baseless accusations against the Chinese government and arbitrarily interfering with China 's internal affairs . The Chinese side expresses strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition to such acts , " he said . The U.S. statement came as pro-democracy activists marked 23 years since Chinese soldiers followed orders to open fire on unnarmed civilians near Tiananmen Square . Official Chinese government figures put the number of dead at 241 , including soldiers , with 7,000 injured . Rights group say the number of dead was likely to be in the thousands . The U.S. State Department issued its remarks on the eve of the anniversary , saying the United Statements "  joins the international community in remembering the tragic loss of innocent lives . " "  We encourage the Chinese government to release all those still serving sentences for their participation in the demonstrations ; to provide a full public accounting of those killed , detained or missing ; and to end the continued harassment of demonstration participants and their families , " the statement said . Human Rights Watch estimates about a dozen Chinese citizens are still imprisoned over the June 1989 protests . The U.S. statement added : "  We renew our call for China to protect the universal human rights of all its citizens ; release those who have been wrongfully detained , prosecuted , incarcerated , forcibly disappeared , or placed under house arrest ; and end the ongoing harassment of human rights activists and their families . " The statement came just weeks after relations between the United States and China were strained over Chen Guangcheng , the blind human rights activist who escaped house arrest and sought refuge in the U.S. . Now studying law at a university in New York , Chen claims he and his family suffered "  beyond imagination " at the hands of local officials during 18 months of house arrest in his village of Dongshigu in Shandong . Before that , he was imprisoned for four years for "  damaging property and organizing a mob to disturb traffic " after campaigning to win more rights for village residents . Chen weighed in on the June 4 anniversary by writing a message to be read to the tens of thousands of people expected to gather Monday in Victoria Park in Hong Kong . "  This Democracy Movement deserves universal approval , " he said in the statement . "  We ask that its requests be treated appropriately . We do not desire revenge but we want to completely reveal the truth . We are in favor of tolerance , but against forgetfulness . People who are forgetful have no future , " he said . Chen is one of a number of activists who have been imprisoned or are currently detained for campaigning for human rights or religious freedom in Communist-led China . In the days leading up to June 4 , many known pro-democracy activists were said to have been detained as a pre-emptive measure to prevent dissent . "  Many of my friends and fellow freedom fighters have been under house arrest . Especially in the last week or so , many were confined under soft detention without any freedom of movement , " said Bob Fu , the founder of Christian human rights group ChinaAid who was student protest leader back in 1989 . "  It was a tragic massacre for simply the students exercising the peaceful protest for demanding reform and anti-corruption and freedom in China , " he said . While Tiananmen Square has become the focal point for the events of June 4 , 1989 , most of the casualties occurred outside the square . In the lead up to that fatal day , protests had spread beyond Beijing to cities including Shanghai , Chengdu and Guangzhou . And while students initiated the push for greater freedom , their cause was taken up by a broader section of society . In China , there was no mention of the June 4 anniversary in local newspapers on Monday . No comments on China 's version of Twitter , Weibo , referred outright to the anniversary . Some users were said to be trying to evade government censors by referring to "  May 35th . " Others posted photos rather than messages , which were re-posted with the term "  RIP . " One user posted a photo of a candle with the words : "  At this moment , on the other end of the dark night , a country is celebrating their queen 's 60 anniversaries as Monarch . We , on the other side of the earth however , are not allowed to light the candles . " This year , for the first time , the Hong Kong commemorations will include Chinese activist Fang Zheng , a former student activist who lost both legs when he was run over by a tank in the streets off Tiananmen Square . He spoke about his experiences while visiting a temporary museum dedicated to the crackdown in Hong Kong , a special admininstrative region of China . "  A row of tanks , three in a row , came towards us . ... I do n't know whether other students encountered the tanks before me , I could have been the first one , " he said . "  There were students in front of me as well and the tanks rushed towards us . " On the anniversary , Amnesty International also issued a statement again calling for the government to hold an "  open and independent inquiry into the events of 1989 . " The rights group paid tribute to Ya Weilin , the 73-year-old father of student who was shot and killed in the 1989 crackdown . Amnesty said Ya and his wife Zhang Zhenxia spent 20 years campaigning for the government to make amends for those killed in the 1989 demonstration . In a note written just before his death , Ya complained of the government 's refusal to hear his grievances about his son 's death , and therefore said he would "  fight with his death . " Ya was later found hanged in a garage below his home .	China expresses "  strong dissatisfaction " with a U.S. statement on the June 4 anniversary It 's been 23 years since Chinese soldiers opened fire on pro-democracy campaigners U.S. encouraged China to release those serving prisons sentences over the protest China accuses the U.S. of making "  baseless allegations " and interfering in China 's internal affairs
CNN  -- South Korea 's Inbee Park says she will consider it a grand slam if she wins next month 's British Open . A day after becoming the first player since Ben Hogan in 1953 to win the first three majors of the season , Park is not concerned by the presence of five women 's majors this year . "  Yes , of course , I think so , " Sunday 's U.S. Women 's Open winner told CNN World Sport when asked if success at the British Open would constitute a grand slam . "  Even though there are five majors , I think winning four is very , very good . " This is the first year in which there will be five majors on the schedule , after the Evian Championship in France was elevated in status . By winning at the Sebonack course in Southampton by four strokes , the World No. 1 put herself in contention to become the first golfer -- male or female -- to win four major championships in a season . Having won the Kraft Nabisco Championship in April and the Wegmans LPGA Championship earlier this month , she has already matched the record of the legendary Babe Zaharias , who won three majors in 1950 . When Zaharias achieved her milestone only three majors were on the schedule , while Mickey Wright  1961  and Pat Bradley  1986  are the only other players in LPGA history to win three majors in a season -- but the latter two women failed to achieve consecutive wins . Park , 24 , says she was well aware of the history coming her way as she drove off on Sunday . "  I felt the pressure because I was going for three in a row and everything that was going on was very crazy -- but once I got on the course , I was very calm , " she said . "  It 's crazy what I 've just done . I never would have thought I would have done that ever . "  I am achieving things I never thought I would get , but I am getting there one step at a time . I do n't know how far I will go . " Winning a fifth major in the season , with the Evian Championship taking place in September , would represent a milestone in the history of golf . Although an arguably slim prospect , Park 's record in her last 24 starts -- with eight victories coming on top of five runner-up finishes -- suggests she is likely to be in contention at both events . The Seoul-born golfer won her first major in 2008 at the U.S. Women 's Open but had to wait until earlier this year to add that success . South Koreans have won seven of the last nine major LPGA titles and Park is hopeful she can continue that remarkable run at St Andrews in August . "  I played very well at the British Open in the last couple of years so I am really looking forward to going there , " added a woman who turned professional in 2006 .	Inbee Park believes fourth major would constitute a ` grand slam ' South Korean has won U.S. Women 's Open , Kraft Nabisco and Wegmans LPGA this year Next available title is August 's British Open at St Andrews
Bountiful , Utah  CNN  -- It was two weeks after D-Day , a few miles from the bloody shores of Omaha Beach . An airstrip had been carved out of the Normandy countryside , costing the lives of 28 Army engineers at the hands of German snipers . A lone sniper still remained in the nighttime distance . Despite the risk , Capt. Jack Tueller felt compelled to play his trumpet . That afternoon , his P-47 fighter group had caught up with a retreating German Panzer division . As the U.S. Thunderbolts descended on their targets , they saw French women and children on top of the tanks . After an initial fly-by , the order was given to attack anyway . "  We were told those human shields were expendable , " Tueller said . Back at the airstrip , Tueller took out his trumpet . He 'd used it on many a starlit night to entertain the men of the 508th Squadron 404th Fighter Group . "  I was told , ` Captain , do n't play tonight ; your trumpet makes the most glorious sound , ' but I was stressed , " he said . He was so troubled that he was willing to take a chance the sniper would n't fire . "  I thought to myself , that German sniper is as lonely and scared as I am . How can I stop him from firing ? So I played that German 's love song , ` Lilly Marlene , ' made famous in the late '30s by Marlene Dietrich , the famous German actress . And I wailed that trumpet over those apple orchards of Normandy , and he did n't fire . " The next morning , the military police came up to Tueller and told him they had a German prisoner on the beach who kept asking , "  Who played that trumpet last night ? " "  I grabbed my trumpet and went down to the beach . There was a 19-year-old German , scared and lonesome . He was dressed like a French peasant to cloak his role as a sniper . And , crying , he said , ' I could n't fire because I thought of my fiancé . I thought of my mother and father , ' and he says , ` My role is finished . ' "  He stuck out his hand , and I shook the hand of the enemy , " Tueller said . " -LSB- But -RSB- he was no enemy , because music had soothed the savage beast . " "  Boy , you have strong lips " Tueller had learned to play the trumpet as a child growing up in Wyoming . His mother , a nurse , died at 29 , and his father , a bartender and alcoholic , left the next day -- leaving Jack and his brother , Bob , orphans . They left their home in Superior to live with an aunt in nearby Evanston . She gave Jack his first trumpet , and he quickly discovered he had a musical ear . "  In 1939 , I was playing in Yellowstone Park in a dance band of 22 musicians at Lake Hotel . The famous trumpet player Louis Armstrong came up to the band during intermission and said , ` You sound pretty good for white cats , ' " Tueller recalled . He asked Armstrong what advice he would give a young trumpet player . "  He said , ` Always play the melody , man . Look at them , see their age group , play their love songs , and you 'll carry all the money to the bank . ' " Tueller enrolled at Brigham Young University , where he met his future wife and fellow trumpeter , Marjorie . "  This beautiful brown-haired gal with luscious lips said , ` Did you play the trumpet solo at the freshman assembly ? ' And I said , ` Yes , ma'am , I did . ' She said , ` Boy , you have strong lips . ' Being a sophomore , I said , ` Would you like to try me ? ' She nodded , and I went over and kissed her . " In 1941 , as war clouds gathered , Jack enlisted in the Army and was sent to fighter school because he was an "  individualist , " he said . "  I wanted to fly it , fire it , navigate it , shoot the guns . " He once flew his plane through a dirigible hangar at Moffitt Field in Sunnyvale , California . The commandant was fuming mad . "  He stood me in a brace , then he kind of smiled and says , ` We do n't want to quell spirit like that ... but do n't do it again ! ' " When D-Day arrived on June 6 , 1944 , Tueller was in the air , flying five missions . "  I witnessed the invasion from a ringside seat . We saw 2 million men , 10,000 ships . And we just shot at everything , " he said . "  We tried to help those men trying to get off the landing craft at high tide , where a lot of them were drowned . "  I remember feeling pride and sadness as I saw the bodies of 4,000 killed in two hours . " Tueller credits common sense and his first flight instructor , a crop duster , with his survival that day -- and the rest of the war . "  I learned to love low-level flying . I never came off enemy targets high . I 'd lay it down a row of trees 400 knots , a foot off the ground , so all the flak would go over my head . They 'd wonder where I 'd gone . " Trumpet in the cockpit Tueller managed to fly 140 missions without taking a single bullet hole to his airplane -- the name of his infant daughter , Rosanne , painted on the side . "  Everyone wanted to fly it ; they thought it let a charmed life . " And on each mission , Tueller carried his trumpet in the cockpit . "  I took it in a little canvas bag attached to my parachute . I figured if I ever got shot down , it would go with me , and if I survived and got put into a prisoner of war camp , I could get an extra bar of soap from the guard . " His tour of duty ended just before his fighter group left for Belgium and the Battle of the Bulge . Three months later , his plane was shot down and destroyed . The pilot was killed . Tueller went on to fight in the Korean and Vietnam wars , and served in the Pentagon during the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Cold War . He retired in 1966 as a colonel , having earned the Distinguished Flying Cross , almost two dozen air medals and two Legions of Merit , the nation 's highest peacetime award . Now 89 , Tueller takes care of Marjorie , his wife of 68 years , who has Alzheimer 's disease . As Veterans Day approaches , he has a word of advice to veterans : "  When you become a veteran , it 's my opinion that you should do everything to make people realize the wonderful life that you really have . " He still has his trumpet of 70 years and still performs at schools , family get-togethers and church functions . He has a stereo system installed in the back of his family van , where he inserts a CD of big band music and begins playing the melodies of a bygone era . "  I was an unruly child , " he said . "  Music tamed me . ... My ambition as the last action on my part as a veteran is to hit high C and fall right into the grave . What a way to go ! "	Jack Tueller learned to play the trumpet as a child growing up in Wyoming Louis Armstrong once told him , "  Always play the melody , man " Tueller became a World War II pilot and carried his trumpet in his cockpit He says his playing once prevented a German sniper from killing him
CNN  The tragic news that Kayla Mueller , an American woman being held hostage by ISIS , has been confirmed dead has once again raised the question of how the United States and others should respond to hostage taking . That the United States has negotiated in the past with groups and states that have condoned and sponsored terror is beyond contention . But should it do so in the future ? And , equally important , should it try to impose or try to influence others who are considering negotiating , specifically the families of those taken ? These are tough questions , so let 's get the easy stuff out of the way first . There 's no question that negotiating with terror groups , paying ransoms , incentivizes these activities , undermines America 's credibility , sets terrible precedents and encourages copycats and more terror . How could it not ? Nothing in life succeeds like success . And whether it 's a legitimate business or criminal enterprise , if something is working , the tendency is to do more of it . As a consequence , and given the stakes , the official position of the U.S. government is that it does not negotiate with terrorist groups  even though as the nuclear negotiations with Iran attest and the recent opening to Cuba , too , the United States does engage with countries that have been designated state sponsors of terrorism  . The most obvious exception to the U.S. government 's rule on negotiating was the Reagan administration 's efforts during the 1980s to seek the return of hostages held by Lebanese Shia groups , famously revealed in the Iran Contra affair . And there was the green light given to Israel to release hundreds of Shia prisoners in 1985 in what amounted to a quid pro quo to win the freedom for U.S. citizens on hijacked TWA Flight 847 . But there have been other , more recent , examples . These include facilitating the exchange of Peter Moore , a British national kidnapped by Shia militiamen in Baghdad in 2007 , for Qais al-Khazali , former spokesman for Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , who was implicated in the killing of U.S. soldiers in Karbala . And then , of course , there was the Bowe Bergdahl exchange in 2013 for five Taliban officials , a deal that the Obama administration insists was n't negotiating with terrorists , in part because the Taliban is an insurgent rather than a terrorist group .  But as Peter Bergen has pointed out , the Haqqani network has been designated a foreign terrorist organization  . Direct or indirect , insurgent or terrorist , these are for the most part distinctions that do n't really amount to real differences . And if you push the argument too far , they make the United States look inconsistent and hypocritical . But these are in the past , you might say . What about now , particularly in the wake of the threat from ISIS and the beheading of American citizens ? Well , the French government , despite denials , was reported by The New York Times to have succeeded in buying back kidnapped nationals from ISIS . In addition , four employees of a French nuclear firm were also freed after having been held by an al Qaeda affliliate in northern Niger , reportedly in return for money , although the French government denied this . That said , the buying back of Americans from ISIS may present even greater challenges , especially when ISIS sets price tags like the $ 132 million it demanded for James Foley , or as it proved in the case of the two Japanese nationals and Jordanian pilot , that the group was never serious about negotiating . Still , even given these enormous demands , should the United States change its policy and try to secure the release of its citizens , most likely for money , when they 're in mortal peril , particularly if escape or rescue are n't options ? It is interesting that in response to ISIS ' hostage taking , President Obama ordered a review of U.S. policy on this issue . Even though other countries , particularly Israel , negotiate and trade with terrorist groups , it is virtually certain that Washington wo n't change its official policy . But it should -- in the event there are real opportunities to redeem hostages -- look the other way , if not facilitate the efforts of private individuals or family members who can raise funds to secure the release of family members ? Sure nobody wants to give in to terror and enable more hostage taking . But on the other hand , do we just write these Americans off as simply unlucky souls in the wrong place at the wrong time ? After all , if this was your son , father , husband , wife , daughter or sister , would that be an acceptable response from your government ? These matters raise serious moral and ethical questions that are excruciatingly painful to answer . The war against this kind of terrorism is likely going to be a long and painful one . And we may well have to wrestle again with some very tough choices . Do we maintain a principled position against negotiations , discourage private citizens from their own efforts -- even threaten to prosecute them if they try to pay ransom ? Or do we approach each terror-filled hostage-taking situationally and maintain some flexibility to see whether lives can be redeemed ? I 'd be in favor of the latter . Giving into murderous terrorists is horrible . Giving up on the lives of innocent human beings in the name of a principle when there might be real and serious possibilities of saving them is worse .	Kayla Mueller , held hostage by ISIS , was confirmed dead Tuesday Aaron Miller : Negotiating with terror groups , paying ransoms , incentivizes such activities
CNN  -- To his credit , Mitt Romney has framed the question just about right . On Thursday night he said : "  How many days have you woken up feeling that something really special was happening in America ? Many of you felt that way on Election Day four years ago . Hope and change had a powerful appeal . But tonight I 'd ask a simple question : If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama , should n't you feel that way now that he 's President Obama ? You know there 's something wrong with the kind of job he 's done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him . The president has n't disappointed you because he wanted to . " Romney can not win unless thousands of people who voted for Obama four years ago abandon him in November . Obama can not win by asking people if they are better off now than they expected to be four years ago . For most Americans , myself included , that is surely not the case . The expectations for Obama , again mine included , were so off-the-charts as to be unachievable . Nevertheless , we reveled in the fantasy . And it was a fantasy . How could Obama possibly have accomplished much more than he did , given the complexity of the problems , the little power the president has over either the world situation or the domestic economy , and , of course , the deep commitment the Republicans voiced from the beginning of his term to deny him any progress that required congressional support ? The GOP Senate leader Mitch McConnell was clear . In the run-up to the 2010 election he said : "  The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president . " He was candid at least , defeating Obama was more important to him than , say , making progress on the economic challenges facing the country or the seemingly intractable disputes in the Middle East . Obama himself began to understand this dilemma near the end of the 2008 campaign . He began to talk about the multiple , unreachable and sometimes conflicting dreams and hopes that the electorate had put on him , a process with which he had readily colluded in his quest for power . So , from day one of his presidency , the challenge for Obama was not what he could accomplish , but whether he could do the tough work of leadership . In two dramatic cases , he showed he could -- launching the risky mission that killed Osama bin Laden and plowing ahead with the comprehensive health care bill after Scott Brown 's win in Massachusetts . The work of getting elected is about pandering to your own people , telling them what they want to hear . Obama in 2008 and Romney in 2012 have pandered with the best of them , albeit with different approaches . Obama pandered by talking about his aspirations so abstractly  "  hope and change "  that everyone could believe he was talking to them individually . Romney did it by taking any position on any issue that the Republican base wanted to hear , regardless of whether it was consistent with his past views or made any sense . The work of leadership is about telling your own people the hard truths they need to hear or , to say it more sharply , disappointing your own people at a rate they can absorb . Romney is counting on the possibility that the inevitable disappointment in Obama that many people feel and the gap between their always unrealistic expectations and the hard realities are so large that he can wean enough of them away and sneak into the White House where if he and Paul Ryan really try to wrestle with the tough issues they , too , will repeat the same syndrome , disappointing their own people at a rate they can absorb . The advantage that the Romney/Ryan team will have over Obama is the expectations for them will be so low that the inevitable disappointment will be much less four years from now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marty Linsky .	Marty Linsky : Mitt Romney drew attention to 2008 expectations for President Obama Inevitably , he says , Obama could n't meet the high expectations his followers had Romney in 2012 and Obama in 2008 pandered to their audiences to gain votes , he says Linsky : Pandering is how you get elected ; leadership is about what you do in office
It may seem weird that the 2004 low-budget breakout comedy "  Napoleon Dynamite " is surfacing as an animated series , but for writer/director Jared Hess , it 's not that odd that his world of Preston , Idaho lives on . "  We were approached about doing a sequel but at the time it did n't feel right , " Hess told CNN . "  There 's so much low-budget charm in the first film , that it would be hard to recreate that in a live action way in being able to use a real budget . " Real discussions on turning "  Napoleon Dynamite " into an animated series began more than two years ago , when Hess met with "  Simpsons " veteran Mike Scully . The pair assembled a pitch and a writing team and are now seeing the fruits of their labor -- a short , six-episode first season , airing during Fox 's "  animation domination " Sunday night block . Whether or not the show will continue past this initial short order remains to be seen , but Hess and his staff are busy writing more episodes in the event that they get picked up . So how does the process of turning "  Napoleon Dynamite " into an animated series work ? CNN recently spoke with Hess from his home in Salt Lake City where he explained just that . CNN : When did the idea to turn this into an animated series start gestating ? Jared Hess : There were different stages , obviously , but it kind of happened when we were shooting the movie . But we did n't know anything would happen with the movie at the time . It was just a pipe dream . It really was my wife 's idea ; we started work on this about two and a half years ago . That 's when we met up with Mike Scully . He was already a huge fan of the film and I was a huge fan of his work on "  The Simpsons . " CNN : The normal thing for a live action show is you have to shoot a pilot before it gets picked up . How did it work in this case ? Hess : You do a little animation presentation piece to showcase what an episode would look like , design-wise . Initially , back in the day , for "  King of the Hill " and stuff like that , it was a two-minute stencil animation test to show what it would look like . Over the years , they 've ponied up more money because they want to see it fleshed out . We actually did a nine-minute pilot presentation , with a story arc and everything . We did that about a year and a half ago . Based on that and addition to a pilot script and other artwork to make a full packet , they decided to order a season or not . CNN : That 's a serious endeavor . Hess : Especially with the animation . One episode , from the time you write it to the color , it takes about nine months . Just doing an animation presentation , that was about seven to eight months . Once you get picked up , you have to start hiring people . CNN : With "  The Simpsons , " "  King of the Hill " and "  Family Guy , " they had to start out getting an audience interested in their world . But we already know the "  Napoleon Dynamite " world . How does this show materialize ? Hess : We have a staff of about 12 writers and we all lock ourselves in a room ; there 's a couple of dry-erase boards , some sticky notes and we just start pitching potential story lines . We zero in on the ones that we think will be the most funny . "  The Simpsons " is coming up on its 500th episode and we have a couple of people that are longtime "  Simpsons " people that are working on our show and they 've been valuable . We 'll pitch something and they 'll be like "  I think we did that Season 10 , episode 5 . " We actually wrote a lot of the scripts as a group for this first season in getting the right tone and what we wanted to establish for the show . After we have a script , we get a draft of notes , and then do a table read with the cast as well as people from the network and people that just want to come in and enjoy it . It 's a room full of people and we 're reading it out loud and in character . After that , we get one more set of notes that we try to turn around pretty quickly and then immediately go and record all the voices . You cut together an audio track -- almost like a radio show -- and we cut it to the length of the episode and that goes to the animators and they start storyboarding to the audio track that we recorded . Then we get an animatic back and we give notes on that and once we 've locked the animatic , it ships off to get animated . CNN : One of the things about the film is that it does n't rely on bad language , raunchiness or sex jokes . But the Fox Sunday night animation block certainly does in its various ways . How does "  Napoleon Dynamite " continue with its style in this case ? Hess : We 've been very aware of it and we 're working hard to maintain the innocence that people responded to in the film and keep that . Fox already has shows that do that and we can be our own thing without trying to imitate what the other 's do . CNN : Who do you see enjoying this show ? Who is the demographic ? Hess : I have n't been able to isolate that into age group or cultures . I think it boils down to people 's specific sense of humor . And the film demonstrated that for us . CNN : What are some of the upcoming plots that you 're excited about ? Hess : We have one where Napoleon gets a job at a liger breeding facility and that one 's a lot of fun . That was the first episode we wrote as a group , about a year ago . One of my favorites is where we have ... in Preston , my hometown , they do this thing every year called the bed races , where it 's this annual tradition in the town around Christmastime , where everyone races beds up and down Main Street . We 've got an episode about that which is super funny . We also have a Future Farmers of America episode , where we had to get their official approval . We sent them the script and they were like , "  Well , there 's some inaccuracies here about the soil-judging competition but we 'll let it go . " CNN : Did you ever win a bed race growing up ? Hess : No , I actually did n't . I filmed the bed races for my Eagle Scout project . I did a little video for the Chamber of Congress . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- CNN : Are you working on any new scripts or any new movies ? Hess : I got a project with Lorne Michaels ' company that I 'm hoping to do this year . It 's a heist comedy based on these people that pulled off the second-largest cash heist in U.S. history back in 1997/1998 , in North Carolina . It 's a funny , ridiculous story .	Discussions on the "  Napoleon Dynamite " animated series began two years ago "  Mike Scully was already a huge fan of the film , " writer/director Jared Hess said "  We 're working hard to maintain the innocence that people responded to in the film , " he said
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama were improperly breached , apparently by employees of the cell phone company , his transition team said Thursday . An Obama spokesman said the transition team was told employees at Verizon Wireless looked through billing records . Spokesman Robert Gibbs said the team was notified Wednesday by Verizon Wireless that it appears an employee improperly went through billing records for the phone , which Gibbs said Obama no longer uses . In an internal company e-mail obtained by CNN , Verizon Wireless President and CEO Lowell McAdam disclosed Wednesday that "  the personal wireless account of President-elect Barack Obama had been accessed by employees not authorized to do so " in recent months . McAdam wrote in the e-mail that the phone in question has been inactive for "  several months " and was a simple voice flip-phone , meaning none of Obama 's e-mail could have been accessed . The CEO also wrote the company has alerted "  the appropriate federal law enforcement authorities . " Gibbs said that while the Secret Service has been notified , he is not aware of any criminal investigation . He said he believes it was billing records that were accessed . Gibbs said that anyone viewing the records likely would have been able to see phone numbers and the frequency of calls Obama made , but that "  nobody was monitoring voicemail or anything like that . " Verizon Wireless , meanwhile , has launched an internal probe to determine whether Obama 's information was simply shared among employees or whether "  the information of our customer had in any way been compromised outside our company , and this investigation continues , " according to McAdam . In the e-mail , McAdam said that employees who were permitted access to these records will be allowed to return to work , but employees who accessed the account for "  anything other than legitimate business purposes will face disciplinary action , up to and including termination . " CNN White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Internal Verizon e-mail says no e-mail accessible on phone Obama spokesman says Verizon Wireless employee accessed billing records Spokesman says the phone is old and Obama no longer uses it No indication any calls were monitored or voicemails improperly accessed
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Thousands of Christian Copts in Cairo protested outside the offices of the Egyptian state broadcaster , witnesses said on Friday . It was the seventh day of protests over what they 're calling the "  marginalization and lack of representation " of their concerns in state media . There have been longstanding tensions between Muslims and Copts in Egypt , and 13 Copts were killed in sectarian clashes last Tuesday . That erupted after a family dispute between Christians and Muslims resulted in a church burning south of Cairo .	The protests occurred in the Egyptian capital of Cairo There have been longstanding tensions between Muslims and Copts
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot told investigators during an interrogation that he knows the location of Natalee Holloway 's body , but he would neither identify the location nor say what happened to her the night of her disappearance , a Peruvian police official told said Thursday in Lima , Peru . "  He says he knew the location of the American citizen but that he was going to explain everything to Aruban police , " said Miguel Canlla , head of the homicide division of the Peruvian national police investigative unit . Van der Sloot , a 22-year-old Dutch citizen , is suspected of killing a 21-year-old woman in Lima last month . Stephany Flores Ramirez was found beaten to death in a hotel room registered in van der Sloot 's name . Van der Sloot was captured in Chile and returned last week to Peru , where authorities say he confessed to killing Flores . He was twice arrested in connection with the 2005 disappearance of Holloway , who was on a class trip to Aruba , but was released for lack of evidence . This week U.S. authorities filed extortion and wire fraud charges against the Dutchman . An Interpol document says van der Sloot faces criminal charges in Alabama because he allegedly tried to extort money from Holloway 's mother . A federal law enforcement agent told CNN that a representative for Natalee Holloway 's mother who paid $ 25,000 for information on the whereabouts of her daughter 's remains last month was an undercover FBI agent . Van der Sloot said he would reveal the location of the body and the circumstances surrounding her death for $ 25,000 in cash and asked for $ 250,000 in total , the document states . The FBI and U.S. Attorney 's office in Birmingham arranged for a meeting where van der Sloot was paid $ 10,000 in cash and another $ 15,000 in a wire transfer for information van der Sloot allegedly promised would lead to Holloway 's body in Aruba , a source familiar with the case said . The meeting took place last month , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham . Interpol documents show that the $ 15,000 was transferred to a personal bank account in the Netherlands . It 's unclear whether that money paid for van der Sloot 's trip to Colombia and to Peru . In exchange for the money , van der Sloot showed the representative a house where supposedly Holloway 's remains were , according to the document . When records showed that the house had not yet been built at the time of her disappearance , van der Sloot admitted that he lied , Interpol said .	Homicide chief : van der Sloot says he 'll "  explain everything to Aruban police " Police say van der Sloot confessed to killing Stephany Flores Ramirez in Lima U.S. authorities this week filed extortion and wire fraud charges against van der Sloot
Hong Kong  CNN  -- She 's traveled more than 35,000 kilometers hugging the equator , powered entirely by the sun . PlanetSolar , the world 's largest solar powered boat , recently stopped off in Hong Kong 's Victoria Harbor as part of its 18-month journey around the world . Measuring 31 meters  102 feet  long and 15 meters  49 feet  wide , the catamaran is powered by 537-square meters of photovoltaic solar panels . On a sunny day they produce on average 94 kilowatts of power -- the equivalent to 127 horsepower . Seventy-five percent of the energy propels the boat that travels between 5 and 10 knots an hour . The remainder is used for everything else from flushing toilets to operating the boat 's navigational systems . PlanetSolar is the brainchild of 39-year-old Swiss Raphael Domjan . While hiking in Iceland , the former ambulance driver was alarmed to see how quickly the glaciers were melting and decided to find a novel way to raise awareness of global warming . "  If we can go out on the road with this boat , it 's a huge boat , only on solar energy , and we live on this boat , everything is working the computer , the telephone , everything is on solar energy . It means everyone can use solar and renewable energy at home everyday , " Domjan said . Built in Germany at the cost of $ 26 million dollars , this vessel tracks the sun thanks to state-of-the-art solar technology . "  We can travel around three days with no light , " explains Christian Ochsenbein , chief engineer aboard the boat . "  But usually there is light everyday even if it 's raining . So when we come in a bad weather situation we can expand this time , we reduce this speed and we sail for about 5 days before we run out of battery , " he added . Planet Solar set sail from Monaco in September 2010 crossing the Atlantic , the Panama Canal and is currently in the Pacific . Next stop is Singapore . It will then travel across the Indian Ocean and the Suez Canal before finally returning to the Mediterranean where it plans to dock back in Monaco in May next year . French captain , Erwann Le Rouzic  one of six crew members on board  , says that while the technology has been faultless , Mother Nature has proven to be a challenge . "  When you cross to the south of the planet you always find rain , strong winds and big waves , so we passed all this with lots of patience and humility , because you are always humble against bad weather , " Le Rouzic explains . In every port , the catamaran and its message has been warmly received . It 's hoped the shipping industry -- responsible for 5 % of global greenhouse gas emissions , according to the United Nations -- embraces this technology the same way the public has . "  One day we wo n't have any more oil anywhere . Maybe it 's in 50,100 , 200 years but one day we will have no more oil and we 'll have to find another way to live , " Domjan said . And if Planet Solar completes its mission , the crew says that will be proof that the sun , and solar power , is the answer .	PlanetSolar , the world 's largest solar-powered boat stops off in Hong Kong to promote green energy Solar yacht has 537-square meters of photovoltaic cells which can produce 94 kilowatts of power Captain of Planet Solar hopes shipping industry will embrace solar energy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
CNN  -- As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie fights back against the biggest political controversy of his career , he 's under fire , as expected , from opportunistic attacks from the left . Begala : Three reasons bridge scandal will stick Cupp : Christie apology hits all the right notes But there are plenty within his own party who may also be pleased to see the tough-talking Republican governor get a bit of a comeuppance . The party 's conservative base has never warmed to Christie . And he angered other Republicans with his 2012 Republican National Convention speech that was more about him than the party 's nominee Mitt Romney . And some will never forgive him for his public embrace of President Barack Obama who was surveying damage in New Jersey from Superstorm Sandy just days before the presidential election . Archives : Christie , Obama set to meet again on Jersey Shore Christie took the first steps Thursday toward rehabilitation -- apologizing profusely and announcing that he had fired two close aides connected the closing of access lanes to the George Washington Bridge -- the nation 's busiest -- to punish the mayor of Fort Lee , New Jersey , for not endorsing him in his re-election bid last year . The lane closings caused massive traffic jams in Fort Lee . Christie drops swagger amid heat of scandal With scandal , Christie loses his top enforcer Following Thursday 's news conference , a top national tea party leader questioned whether Christie had put the controversy behind him . "  Governor Christie held some subordinates accountable . Time will tell whether this is enough , " wrote Jenny Beth Martin , co-founder and national coordinator for the Tea Party Patriots . Judson Phillips , who heads the Tea Party Nation , went a step further . "  This incident is proof that once again the most dangerous place on the earth is the spot between Chris Christie and his presidential ambitions , " Phillips told CNN . "  I strongly suspect there will be litigation as a result of this and the beauty of litigation is the truth will come out . I strongly suspect there is much more to this than what Chris Christie let on in his news conference . " Grassroots conservatives are skeptical of Christie because of his praise for Obama over the federal government 's assistance to New Jersey for Sandy damage , and because of his criticism of some congressional Republicans over their initial reluctance to support federal relief aid to Garden State following Sandy . Christie has also angered conservatives with his willingness to work with Democrats on such issues as immigration reform , and his criticism of some on the right , including Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a tea party favorite who 's a possible rival for the 2016 GOP nomination . Christie heralds NJ DREAM Act as message to Washington Will Christie 's immigration bill haunt him in 2016 ? Thursday , following the Christie news conference , Paul seemed to take a dig at Christie , saying , "  I do n't know who e-mailed whom , who works for whom . I have been in traffic before and I know how angry I am , and I 'm always wondering , who did this . " Erick Erickson , co-founder of RedState.com and leading voice on the right , wrote Wednesday in an article titled "  The Politics of A-Holes " that "  There 's more here and it is going to be the problem that haunts Chris Christie . " And Breitbart 's Matthew Boyle , who 's also influential among conservatives , tweeted Wednesday that "  Chris Christie is not a conservative . Do n't delude yourself into thinking he is . " But the conservatives could n't resist an opportunity to get in a dig at their real nemesis . "  The contrast between Barack Obama and Chris Christie in terms of owning a mess and fixing it is now pretty stark , " tweeted Erickson . "  This could end being a positive for Christie though . People like accountability . They 're not getting that with Obama , " wrote Boyle on Twitter . Jenny Beth Martin made the same point in her statement , writing , "  We 're still waiting for President Obama to hold anyone accountable . " Christie 's re-election team actively sought out the endorsements of Democratic officials , such as Fort Lee 's mayor , in its push to win a major gubernatorial victory as a prelude or launching pad to any 2016 White House bid . They succeeded , as Christie won in a landslide over little known state Sen. Barbara Buono . But the current controversy , born during that re-election drive , gives opponents an opportunity to spin Christie persona of a tough-talking politician into one of a political bully who 's not above petty politics . "  This is the other side of the double-edged sword that is Chris Christie 's heavy-handed persona and governing style . At one level there 's an appeal about it , but underneath it you sense it could blow up , " Republican communications strategist Keith Appell told CNN . "  The boss sets the tone for those around him and beneath him . I do n't think this is the last story we 're going to see about problems with Christie 's governing style , and even GOP establishment power brokers and money people will be concerned about how this plays in the 2016 primaries and caucuses -- where the GOP field will be more substantive than it was in 2012 , " added Appell , a senior vice president at CRC Public Relations , a Washington public relations firm that has had many conservative and Republican clients . While there 's concern , there does n't seem to be a groundswell of conservative criticism right now . "  I do not believe there 's going to be any retribution from conservatives over this , " Jon Brabender , a Republican strategist and a longtime senior political adviser to former GOP Sen. Rick Santorum , a 2012 presidential candidate , told CNN . "  I have n't heard a single person tell me that the news is great because it 's going to hurt Christie . I do n't think there will be a piling on by conservatives . " Christie , who 's now criss-crossing the country , campaigning for fellow GOP governors as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , is seen as prime target of Democrats , especially since three national polls , starting with a CNN/ORC International survey in November , showed Christie as the early frontrunner among possible 2016 Republican contenders . And national and state Democrats have been relentless the past two months in highlighting the George Washington Bridge controversy . But the bigger concern for Christie going forward is not Democrats , but opponents in his own party .	The GOP 's conservative base has never warmed to Christie Christie 's public embrace of President Obama in 2012 hurt him with Republicans GOP Sen. Rand Paul , a tea party favorite seemed to take a dig at Christie But a GOP strategist says : "  I do not believe there 's going to be any retribution from conservatives over this "
CNN  -- Powerful storms that damaged homes and businesses in Texas and the central United States moved east Friday , threatening a wide swath from the Gulf Coast north to the upper Ohio Valley , the National Weather Service reported . In Memphis , Tennessee , early-morning storms knocked out power to 3,495 Memphis Light , Gas and Water customers , CNN affiliate WMCTV reported . Most customers had power restored in a few hours , the station said . Heavy rain caused flooding that closed parts of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at the Cuyahoga Valley National Park , CNN affiliate WEWS-TV in Cleveland reported . The weather service issued a wind advisory for parts of Indiana and a flood warning for central Indiana , with both expected to end Friday night . The main threat will be thunderstorms with straight-line winds and hail , the weather service said . Heavy rain is possible throughout the area as well as in the Northeast . In Birmingham , Alabama , and Jackson , Mississippi , the chance of thunderstorms is 100 % before 1 p.m. , with storms tapering off the rest of the day . A drenching thunderstorm also was predicted for Cleveland and Cincinnati . In Atlanta , there 's a 60 % chance of thundershowers Friday and Friday night . On Friday morning , no twisters had been spotted in the South and Midwest . In Texas and Missouri on Thursday night , people were cleaning up damage caused by the storms and , in some cases , tornadoes . Authorities say a tornado touched down Thursday night in Hopkins County , Texas , causing serious damage to homes and businesses such as the Burger Barn Restaurant and Joe Bob 's Gas Station , according to CNN affiliate KTVT-TV . The tornado reportedly touched down near Birthright , just north of Sulphur Springs . The storm also knocked down the local water tower . A tornado was spotted on the ground Thursday night in St. Louis County , Missouri , near Glendale . About an hour earlier , the agency reported a "  damaging " twister with quarter-size hail about 50 miles west near Washington . And a tornado was earlier reported in the Osage County community of Rich Fountain . Denton County , Texas , sheriff 's office spokeswoman Sandi Brackeen said that "  a tornado touched down south of Krum . " Outbuildings and barns , but no known homes or commercial properties , suffered damage , said county emergency services chief Jody Gonzalez . St. Louis residents awoke Thursday to tornado sirens as a cluster of heavy thunderstorms began moving through . The weather service confirmed a tornado touched down about an hour before sunrise in the St. Louis suburb of University City , gouging a half-mile-by-100-yard path . The weather service gave the tornado an initial rating of EF-1 , packing top winds of 112 mph . The twister knocked down trees and ripped up a gas main in University City , but there were no injuries , University City Mayor Shelley Welsch reported via Twitter . St. Louis County officials said about 100 homes had been damaged . The national Storm Prediction Center noted reports of large hail falling Thursday in parts of Missouri , Arkansas , Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas . Renato Reyes-Gomez sent CNNiReport a picture of golf ball-size hail in Denton , Texas , saying he can not recall anything "  ever this big . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , AnneClaire Stapleton , Matt Smith , Henry Hanks and Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	NEW : Power knocked out , restored in parts of Memphis , Tennessee Storms that struck Texas , St. Louis are moving east There 's a strong chance of rain in Cleveland , Birmingham and Atlanta Twisters caused damage Thursday , but no deaths have been reported
CNN  -- World soccer 's governing body FIFA is to examine a retired footballer 's claims spot-fixing was rife in the English Premier League . Former Southampton defender Claus Lundekvam told a Norwegian television channel he and other players in the English top flight had made money out of betting on minor events in a game such as the first throw-in . "  FIFA is monitoring this issue and involved its chief investigator in England , " read a statement from the organization . "  Once all information is known it will be decided who is leading the investigations . " Lundekvam , who played in the EPL between 1996 and 2005 , said deals were done with the opposing team 's captain . Will FIFA regret opening technology can of worms ? "  For a while we did this almost every week , " said the former Norway international . "  We made a fair bit of money . We could make deals with the opposing captain about . "  For example , betting on the first throw , the first corner , who started with the ball , a yellow card or a penalty . Those were the sorts of thing we had influence over . "  The results were never on the agenda . That is something I would never have done . We were professional competitors . Even though what we did , of course , was illegal , it was just a fun thing . " The Premier League insisted the case was a matter for the English Football Association . "  The FA has strict policies on this and our sanctions are wide-ranging , " said a FA spokesman . "  All participants also have a duty to report any such activity . "  Football works closely with the gambling industry to monitor all markets and activity and we have a unit focused on maintaining the integrity of the sport . " Spot-fixing shook the world of cricket last year when three Pakistan internationals were jailed for conspiracy to corrupt during a Test match against England in 2010 . Former Pakistan captain Salman Butt and the bowling pair of Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir were all handed prison terms and handed bans of varying lengths by the International Cricket Council .	FIFA will look into claims of spot-fixing in the English Premier League Claus Lundekvam claims players made money out of betting on match events The former Southampton defender played in the EPL between 1996 and 2005 The EPL say the matter is under the remit of the English Football Association
The International Court of Justice ruled Monday that Japan can no longer continue its annual whale hunt , rejecting the country 's argument that it was for scientific purposes . "  Japan shall revoke any extant authorization , permit or license granted in relation to JARPA II , and refrain from granting any further permits in pursuance of that program , " the court said , referring to the research program . The International Court of Justice is the principal judicial organ of the United Nations . Japan 's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium , taking advantage of a loophole in the law that permits the killing of the mammals for scientific research . Whale meat is commonly available for consumption in Japan . Each year , environmental groups such as Sea Shepherd pursue the Japanese hunters in an attempt to disrupt the whaling . The resulting confrontations have led to collisions of ships and the detention of activists . The Australian government challenged the Japanese whaling program in the International Court of Justice , leading to Monday 's ruling . PHOTOS : Waiting for the whales Japan officials defend dolphin hunting in Taiji Cove	Japan 's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium The Australian government challenged the whaling program
CNN  -- Spirit Airlines said Thursday it 's sorry that hundreds of passengers had flights delayed for hours from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport because of the airline 's voluntary engine inspections . Dozens of passengers slept at the airport Wednesday night , with some waiting nearly 12 hours before their aircraft were cleared for takeoff . "  Some did lose their tempers , but it was all worked out amicably , " airport spokesman Greg Meyer told CNN via e-mail . Spirit announced Thursday afternoon that all checks had been completed and apologized for the delays . "  We are working diligently to get our customers where they need to go as quickly as possible , " airline spokeswoman Misty Pinson said . "  We expect to be back to regular schedule later this evening . As always , the safety of our customers is our No. 1 priority . " This week 's inspections followed last week 's engine failure on a Spirit Airlines flight shortly after takeoff from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport . Spirit Flight 165 was heading for Atlanta when the failure occurred , but returned safely to the Dallas airport . Besides one flight cancellation , passengers on Atlantic City-bound Flight 268 may have experienced the worst delays . They waited nearly 12 hours to depart on a flight scheduled to take off Wednesday night at 8:15 p.m. . They did n't leave until Thursday morning at 8:08 a.m. , according to airport flight departure records . Denver-bound Flight 355 was scheduled to depart Wednesday night at 8:56 p.m. , but did n't leave until more than 10 hours later , on Thursday morning at 7:29 a.m. . One angry passenger was Rafael Hernandez , who was trying to get home to Chicago . Hernandez told CNN affiliate CBS4 in Miami that authorities escorted him out of the terminal after he lost his temper . "  It has been a disaster . I was so frustrated . I 'm never ever going to fly Spirit again , " he said . "  Following the engine failure on one of our aircraft last week , and after reviewing routine maintenance procedures , we are completing a proactive and voluntary check on our aircraft engines overnight as a precautionary measure , " wrote Spirit spokeswoman Misty Pinson , in an e-mail to CNN . The safety checks take about 45 minutes per aircraft , and were expected to be completed Thursday morning , she wrote . "  Some flights are experiencing significant delays as we complete the checks , " wrote Pinson . "  Each aircraft is being returned to service as soon as the check is completed . We apologize for these delays . We are working diligently to get our customers where they need to go as quickly as possible . ... As always , the safety of our customers is our number one priority . " Newcomer tops magazine 's U.S. airline survey CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Spirit says the checks are complete and apologized for the delays Spirit 's voluntary engine inspections caused lengthy delays Dozens of passengers slept at the Fort Lauderdale airport overnight Some travelers lost their tempers but no arrests were made
Istanbul  CNN  -- The death toll from an earthquake that struck eastern Turkey a week ago was at 601 as of Sunday , the Turkish state-run Anatolia news agency reported . More than 4,100 people were injured in last Sunday 's 7.2-magnitude quake , which struck Turkey 's Van province . At least 455 people died in the town of Ercis , where rescue efforts have been under way throughout the week , a crisis center in Van province reported Saturday . However , some 231 people have been found alive in the rubble , despite temperatures nearing the freezing mark at night , Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay said Saturday , according to Anatolia . Two teenagers were pulled out of the rubble alive late Thursday and early Friday , more than 100 hours after the quake . Eighty-four buildings have collapsed in Ercis and six more in the city of Van , Atalay said . Relief crews have distributed 40,721 tents -- including 6,088 from abroad -- and 159,360 blankets to survivors , authorities said . A total of 1,309 aftershock quakes have occurred since Sunday 's main temblor , officials said . Turkey 's government plans to present a new law to parliament by the end of December which would see the evacuation of settlements in areas at high risk of natural disaster , Anatolia reported . Laws governing construction and property management would also be revised under the so-called Urban Transformation Law , the agency said . The United States and China are the latest countries to offer help to Turkey 's quake survivors . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta ordered the U.S. European Command to provide humanitarian relief supplies including blankets , cots , sleeping bags and hygiene kits , the Pentagon said Friday .	More than 4,100 people were injured in the quake last Sunday The town of Ercis was hard-hit More than 230 people have been pulled alive from the rubble
CNN  -- The search is over for a California family who disappeared under mystifying circumstances three years ago . Authorities confirmed the identity of two of four sets of remains found Monday in the California desert near Victorville as those of Joseph McStay and his wife Summer , San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said Friday . They were identified through dental records , he said . Two other remains found nearby are believed to be those of their sons Joseph and Gianni , McMahon said . He said positive identification will be done through DNA testing . The four were killed , McMahon said . No suspects have been identified and the sheriff did not elaborate on how they died . Some family members became emotional during Friday afternoon 's news conference . "  It gives us courage to know they are together , and they 're in a better place , " said Joseph 's younger brother Mike McStay , choking back tears . "  It 's been a tough road . " A motorcyclist reported finding possible skeletal remains Monday in an area not far from Interstate 15 near Victorville , according to the Sheriff 's Department . Police found two shallow grave sites , with two sets of remains in each grave , McMahon said . February 4 , 2010 was the last day anyone saw the family or heard from them . When police entered their Southern California house more than 10 days later , they found eggs on the kitchen counter and bowls of popcorn in the living room . Their two dogs were also in the home . But not a single trace of the McStays . The McStays lived in Fallbrook , about 18 miles from the Pacific Coast and some 50 miles north of San Diego . The family 's locked and abandoned Isuzu Trooper was located February 8 , 2010 , in San Ysidro , California , just two blocks from the border . Surveillance video taken that night shows a family fitting the description of the McStays walking into Mexico . But from there the trail goes cold . The sheriff said his office said it will look at this crime from the beginning , and will work with the FBI to find the suspects . Although investigators said someone had been researching travel to Mexico on the family 's home computer , the McStays ' sudden disappearance and the fact that their credit cards and bank accounts went unused raised suspicions . When they disappeared three years ago , Joseph was 40 , his wife , Summer , was 43 , and their children were 4 and 3 years old . "  I 've been in this business for over 35 years , but I 've never seen anything like this , " Lt. Dennis Brugos of the San Diego Sheriff 's Department told CNN shortly after the disappearance . FBI taking over investigation	NEW : The couple , who disappeared with their small sons , were killed , authorities say NEW : Remains were identified through dental records Two other sets of remains also found might be couple 's sons , authorities say Joseph and Summer McStay and their sons vanished in 2010
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Australian pop star Kylie Minogue and the professor who created Dolly the sheep are among the prominent figures who have received awards from Queen Elizabeth II in her annual New Year Honors list . Kylie Minogue battled back to health after suffering from breast cancer . Minogue , 39 , and Prof. Ian Wilmut were appointed to the Order of the British Empire  OBE  in the list , which is chosen by the queen on the advise of the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown . Other award winners included Stuart Rose , the head of the British retailer Marks and Spencer , who was handed a knighthood and "  Lord of the Rings " star Ian McKellen . The award of a Companion of Honour for the 68-year-old British actor , who already has a knighthood and has been a longtime campaigner for gay rights , recognized his efforts to promote "  equality . " The New Year 's list recognizes a wide range of people who are thought to have made a positive contribution to British life . The queen hands out a range of honors including knighthoods , life peerages and gallantry awards for those serving in the armed forces and civilians . The list is published in the official newspaper of the British monarchy , the London Gazette . The honor 's list usually attracts attention for the high-profile figures honored ; previous recipients of knighthoods include the pop stars Paul McCartney and Mick Jagger but anyone can be nominated for an award . This year 's list , for example , includes some of the people who took part in the rescue operations following the flooding that affected large parts of England this summer . Capt. Tracy Palmer , from the Salvation Army in the northern English town of Workshop , was made a Member of the British Empire  MBE  after she provided shelter for children caught up in the floods . Wilmut , 63 , created headlines around the world after he led the team of scientists that created the first mammal produced through genetic cloning in 1996 . Kylie Minogue has sold more than 60 million records worldwide in a music career lasting 20 years . The Australian pop diva battled back to health after she was forced to cancel a world tour when she was diagnosed with breast cancer two years ago . E-mail to a friend	Kylie Minogue among those named in Queen Elizabeth II 's New Year Honors list The professor who created Dolly the sheep , Ian Wilmut , also honored Awards recognize those who make a positive contribution to British life Minogue battled back to health after she was diagnosed with breast cancer
TYRE , Lebanon  CNN  -- Diab Diab lost an eye and part of a leg trying to clear unexploded bombs from the fields of southern Lebanon . But now he is going to lose his job , too . Despite the dangers of clearing mines , Diab Diab wants to continue his work . For though there are possibly thousands of unexploded bombs and shells littering the landscape , the money for cleanup operations has disappeared in the global recession . Diab knows the dangers all too well , but said he wants to continue working for British specialist clearance company BACTEC . "  It 's hard to lose one 's job -- despite the risks and the dangers you run , you get used to it , " he said . Countries such as the United States , Saudi Arabia , the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates all pledged to help Lebanon clear the landmines , cluster bombs and other unexploded ordnance left by Israeli forces as they withdrew from their conflict with Hezbollah in the summer of 2006 . More than $ 43 million in international donations has been spent so far on clearing the region . Britain and the Netherlands have been the largest single donors , each giving more than $ 5 million . The United States gave $ 2 million soon after the conflict and Saudi Arabia 's contributions are now at $ 1.5 million , a report by the United Nations Mine Action Service shows . But with the economic crisis sweeping around the globe , some of the donor cash has dried up , and BACTEC , which had been responsible for a quarter of the clearing work , has to shut down its operations in Lebanon . There are some areas that BACTEC operations manager Johan Hann can mark as "  cleared " on a map in his office . Elsewhere , the map shows areas that have not been touched and a vast swath of land where no one knows what lies in the ground . Watch mom cry for her daughter , maimed by a bomb " Cluster bombs leave huge craters but also spread bomblets over a wide area . Not all the bomblets will necessarily detonate on impact , and those that do not explode are left , like ticking time bombs in the ground . The United Nations Mine Action Service says Israel has provided no information as to where bombs were dropped . Nor has Israel contributed to the funding for the U.N.-led mine clearance effort . Land has to be cleared field by field , section by section and yard by yard . A piece of red and white tape fluttering across a piece of land shows how far Hann 's team got before they had to stop . Mohammed Cheaito looks to the other side of the tape , to the land that he should be farming but that could be full of hidden danger . "  If they are going to stop now , it means we will stop planting and working , too ; we ca n't get to our land anymore , " he said . "  Of course , I am upset . They 're supposed to finish their work so we can walk freely and cultivate our land in order to make a living . " But the risks of straying onto uncleared land are all too obvious . At least 328 people have been killed or wounded by bombs left in the soil of the region that borders Israel . One of them is Naimah Ghazi , who stepped on a cluster bomb in her garden in 2007 and lost half a leg . She used to provide for her family by farming tobacco , but now she spends most of her day sitting in the very garden that hid the weapon that injured her . Her mother , Khadija , finds it almost unbearable to look at her . "  I cry so much I can barely see with my eyes . I cry when I look at the state my daughter is in , " the 86-year-old wails . Phone calls asking for jobs are still coming in to BACTEC 's offices , Hann said , even as the mine clearers pack up their tents and climb into their trucks for the last time . They leave behind thousands of acres of land around the villages that they have n't been able to check and an untold number of bombs , perhaps still waiting for a victim .	Bomb disposal teams leave Lebanon as funding dries up in economic crisis Thousands of unexploded bombs litter landscape around Lebanese villages Hundreds have been killed , hurt by deadly remnants of 2006 Israel-Hezbollah conflict
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Several people have been seized in a plot to kill Pakistan 's prime minister , and the suspects claim they were getting orders from a militant in the country 's volatile tribal region , police said . Police official Babar Bakhat Qureshi told CNN that officers arrested several suspects who were plotting to attack the compound of Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani . Shabir Anwar , Gilani 's press secretary , had no comment on the alleged plot because it is a security matter . The plot to strike the compound , located in the Punjab provincial city of Multan , was in its "  final planning stages , " Qureshi said . The location is about 395 kilometers , or 245 miles , southeast of the nation 's capital , Islamabad . The suspects were planning to use a car bomb for the attack , and that they had acquired large amounts of fertilizer to manufacture an improvised explosive device , since confiscated by police , he said . A vehicle for the attack had not been acquired yet . The police confiscated one kilogram of gold and and two and a half kilograms of silver , which the men were going to sell to fund the plot , the official said . Qureshi said the suspects have confessed that they were getting their orders and instructions from Kari Imram , a leader of a Taliban offshoot group from Miran Shah in North Waziristan . Drone strikes said to be conducted by the United States have targeted militants in North Waziristan , one of seven of the county 's tribal districts . The arrests were made after police stopped three suspects traveling on two motorcycles near Multan in the town of Ahmed Pur Sharkia on a check during a police patrol . Questioning led police to other suspects .	Several people have been arrested in Punjabi city A North Waziristan militant orchestrated the plot , suspects say The plot was in its "  final planning stages "
CNN  About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "  once in a decade " storm battered Sydney and nearby areas . About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "  the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days , " Michael Langley , spokesman for the New South Wales State Emergency Service said . Devastating winds lashed cars and homes . The storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings . The emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have carried out 144 rescue tasks . The powerful storm has already claimed four lives , according to New South Wales Police . The dangerous conditions have prompted the police department to issue pleas on social media for people to not attempt driving through flooded areas . The heavy flooding prompted school and college closures and disruptions to public transportation . The adverse weather was caused by an intense low pressure system , said Australia 's Bureau of Meteorology . The strongest wind gusts peaked at 135 km/h  85 mph  and it was estimated that about 200 millimeters  7.87 inches  of rainfall fell in the area on Tuesday . Transport NSW , which provides public transportation throughout the New South Wales area , issued a warning that many public services across the region have been disrupted because of the weather . It also posted a video on its Facebook page showing CCTV footage of a flood waters rising in a train station . Samantha Mancuso was driving in her neighborhood of Liverpool , a suburb in Sydney on Wednesday , when she noticed gallons of water pouring into the streets . She said Joe Broad Reserve , a nearby park , was flooded . The severe weather caused a local creek to break its banks and now the flooding is seeping into the neighborhood . Water levels at the park reached 2.6 meters  8.5 feet  earlier in the morning , but have slightly receded , she said .	Quarter million people without power in Sydney and nearby areas A large storm system brought damaging winds and flooding to parts of Australia The flooding is affecting public transportation services , residential and coastal areas
CNN  -- Mention the words Augusta , the Masters and clubs and you 'd be forgiven for heading straight to the golf course . And if you 're feeling good and looking for all things sugar and spice then here are a few facts which might help your Masters 2013 experience . Feel Good The man himself , "  Godfather of Soul " James Brown , still looms large in Augusta with his statue standing proud in the middle of Broad Street . Just a block away is the Imperial Theater where Brown would rehearse and fine tune his music before going abroad on world tours . Born in South Carolina , Brown is still revered with fans from all over the world traveling to honor the singer who died at the age of 73 in December 2006 . Take a walk down a section of what used to be known as Ninth Street and you 'll hit James Brown Boulevard -- a stretch of road where he used to shine shoes and earn a few dollars from passers by with a song and dance . And with the world 's attention on Augusta , here 's an all singing and all dancing guide to the biggest show in town -- the Masters . Forward thinking Its critics might accuse Augusta of being stuck in the past , but the course has been one of the most technically progressive in the golfing world . This year , organizers have placed four sensors on each green which monitor the temperature , soil moisture and salinity -- all controlled by iPad . It 's the latest in a long line of innovations from the tournament which was the first to introduce 72-hole golf over four days . Being first is nothing new to Augusta though . It was the first tournament to be covered live on radio , the first to introduce the over/under par system and the first to introduce bleachers . Tech savvy While Augusta might have embraced technology , it 's not so keen on spectators , or "  patrons " as they are known , using all the latest gadgets . The course specifically bans cell phones , beepers or any kind of electronic communication system with cameras only permitted on practice days . If you do take a cheeky snap you end up losing your ticket and politely being asked to leave . Turkey shoot Augusta 's course is renowned as one of the most beautiful and picturesque on the planet -- but it was n't always that way . During the Second World War , Augusta was forced to close and was used to house over 200 cattle and 1,400 Turkeys . So from 1943 until late 1944 , the course resembled something of a farm and it was n't until 1946 that August reopened , thanks in part to the help of 42 German prisoners of war from Camp Gordon . Keeping green With each hole being named after a plant or shrub , its no surprise that Augusta takes the surrounding nature so seriously . Last year 's cold snap meant that patrons missed out on seeing the beautiful Azaleas which have adorned the course for so many years . There 's better news this year . Along with the Azaleas the dogwood , peach and cherry trees are blooming . The great old oak tree , which was planted in the 1850s , continues to charm , while the 61 large Magnolia trees which line the path from the entrance to the clubhouse were planted at around the same time . Eat like a champ The Champions Dinner has been going since 1952 when Ben Hogan first came up with the idea -- but while tradition has remained the food revolution has shown no signs of stopping . On the Tuesday evening preceding the tournament , all the past Masters winners dine together with the reigning champion selecting the menu . In 1998 , Tiger Woods and friends feasted on cheeseburgers , chicken sandwiches , French fries and milkshakes . Others such as Mike Weir went for Elk and wild boar in 2004 , while Scot Sandy Lyle went for Haggis , mashed potatoes and turnips in 1989 . Royalty It 's not just the players that get to eat like kings , the patrons are well fed too and the prices are phenomenally low . The world famous Pimiento Cheese sandwiches will set you back just $ 1.50 while the Egg salad , which has won rave reviews , is also available at the same price . You can pick up a beer for $ 3 while an imported lager will set you back $ 4 . Antipodean angst Do n't mention Augusta to an Australian -- it has proved something of a graveyard for the nation 's golfers -- and the country is still getting over the pain and torment of Greg Norman 's capitulation , which came after squandering a six-shot lead to Nick Faldo in 1996 . "  The Shark " had already lost out in 1987 after losing to Larry Mize in a playoff . But Norman is not the only Australian to suffer at Augusta . Back in 1950 , Jim Ferrier , who hailed from Sydney , had his three-shot lead wiped out in the final round as he slumped to second and ended his career without a Masters victory . Craig Parry , Stuart Appleby and Jack Newton all missed out on the final day , while Adam Scott and Jason Day were forced to settle for second in 2011 . Spooked Australia 's golfers are n't the only ones to have been left Augusta spooked in Augusta . The town has a whole host of ghost stories , while the famous "  Haunted Pillar " still stands proudly on Broad Street . The pillar , which used to support the market back in the 1830s , has been at the center of folklore since the story of how a traveling preacher cursed the town . The preacher was unhappy with the abuse he received and is supposed to have said : "  A great storm will tear this market asunder and only one pillar will be left standing ! " On February 8 1878 , a tornado hit the city , killing several people , destroying the market and leaving just the pillar intact . It remains a tourist attraction , but only the brave actually touch it . First ladies "  It 's a Man 's Man 's World " Brown once sang , but for how much longer ? For the first time ever , you might see two women wearing the iconic Green Jackets at Augusta after the club opened its exclusive membership to women last August . For the first time in its history , women were invited to join with former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and South Carolina businesswoman Darla Moore both now members . Rice played a practice round with three-times Masters champion Phil Mickelson last Sunday before heading to the clubhouse which had been closed to women since it opened in 1932 .	The Masters is held in Augusta , Georgia , every year Soul legend James Brown grew up and performed in the area Do n't miss the "  Haunted Pillar " on Broad Street Australia 's golfers hoping to end Augusta curse
Ottawa , Canada  CNN  -- Victims of former Canadian junior hockey coach Graham James expressed anger Tuesday as he was sentenced to two years in prison for sexually abusing now-retired National Hockey League star Theo Fleury and another player , his cousin Todd Holt , when they were teenagers . "  The sentence today was nothing short of a national travesty because we know that childhood abuse has reached epidemic proportions in our country , " said Holt as he read from a statement on behalf of himself , Fleury and their families . "  He conned the judge with his ` poor me ' and ' I regret ' statements , " he said , "  and Graham James is laughing all the way back to the life he 's always lived , knowing that justice for him is but a blip on the radar screen . " James , 59 , entered the courtroom in Winnipeg , Manitoba , wearing a red ski mask to conceal his face . Later in court , the judge who ruled on the sentence acknowledged it could not make up for the lifetime of damage and pain inflicted by James . Judge Catherine Carlson â $ ªsaid she realized James ' victims were multiple and that his behavior was predatory and orchestrated to make victims dependent on him . Still , she stopped short of issuing the six-year term the prosecution was seeking , saying James had shown remorse and was receiving help . "  To sit in there and hear that Graham James was rehabilitated really drives me nuts and I think that was probably the most disturbing part of it all , " said former NHL player Sheldon Kennedy who was also sexually abused by James . But Kennedy did say that the case offered hope and a platform for change . "  We need to come forward because not only do we need to heal and get our power back but we need to keep coming forward so we can keep raising the bar , " he said . James pleaded guilty in 1997 to sexually abusing Kennedy . He served 18 months of a three-and-a-half year sentence and was released in 2000 and pardoned in 2007 . Since then , the Canadian government has banned pardons for those convicted of sexual assault against minors . Twitter , call-in shows and Canadian websites all fielded hundreds of comments and postings from people who said they believed the sentence was too lenient . Many said they expected James to serve less than two years in prison . In evidence , the court heard that James lured players with money , gifts and trips to Disneyland , where he took advantage of them . Victims also testified that he always reminded them of his influence in helping them break into the pro ranks of hockey .	Former Canadian junior hockey coach Graham James sentenced to 2 years for sex abuse Sentence was for sexually abusing two men when they were aspiring teen hockey players Now-retired NHL star Theo Fleury and his cousin Todd Holt , were victims Sentence is "  nothing short of a national travesty , " says Holt
CNN  -- The Marine accused of killing Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , who was more than eight months pregnant , was not the father of her unborn child , a law enforcement source close to the murder investigation said Saturday . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean , who is being held on a murder charge , is scheduled for arraignment in June . The source , who has seen a report completed earlier this month by the Defense Department 's Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , said Cpl. Cesar Laurean 's DNA does not match that of the unborn child , who also died . Laurean and Lauterbach were stationed at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . An autopsy showed that Lauterbach , 20 , died of blunt force trauma to the head . Police unearthed her charred body from beneath a barbecue pit in Laurean 's backyard in January 2008 . She disappeared the month before . Laurean was 22 when he was arrested in Mexico in April 2008 . At the time , a Mexican reporter asked Laurean whether he had killed Lauterbach . The Marine replied , "  I loved her . " Laurean has been indicted on charges that include first-degree murder , financial card transaction fraud and obtaining property by false pretenses . North Carolina prosecutors allege he killed Lauterbach on December 14 and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico . He holds dual citizenship in the United States and Mexico . The law enforcement source familiar with the case said a DNA swab was taken by court order from Laurean after he was extradited from Mexico in March to face charges in North Carolina . Mexican authorities agreed to the extradition , in part because prosecutors took the death penalty off the table . Mexico does not have a death penalty . Before her death , Lauterbach told the Marines that Laurean raped her . The month before she disappeared , Lauterbach 's mother says Maria told a military investigator that she no longer believed Laurean was the father of her unborn child . However , Lauterbach 's mother , Mary , says her daughter remained adamant that Laurean raped her . Laurean denied it . A few weeks before a scheduled rape hearing at Camp Lejeune , Lauterbach disappeared . Dewey Hudson , district attorney for Onslow County , said Laurean is scheduled for arraignment in early June , and is expected to enter a plea . "  I can not comment on any of the tests , " Hudson said . He would not say how the DNA results might affect his case against Laurean . Through her attorney , Mary Lauterbach said the DNA test results do n't answer bigger questions she has about whether the Marines did enough to protect her daughter or moved quickly enough to investigate her claims . "  We do not believe that the result will have any effect on the continuing investigation or the trial , " said Lauterbach 's attorney Merle Wilberding .	DNA taken from suspect Cpl. Cesar Laurean does n't match child 's , source says Swab obtained after suspect was extradited from Mexico to United States Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach 's body was found in Laurean 's backyard in 2008
CNN  -- As Kenya celebrates 50 years of independence , many will be looking back on the events of the last half century , which saw country shake off British colonialism to carve its own identity . But it is also a time to look ahead to the next 50 years , and how technology can shape a new Kenya . Kenya 's 50th independence celebrations come at a moment of great economic promise for the continent . Much of the growth has been driven by export of raw materials , investment in infrastructure and expansion of trade in consumer goods . The challenge for the future , however , is building a technological foundation for economic transformation . Probably Kenya 's most important technological achievement was pioneering the world-first mobile money transfer system . The transformative innovation is part of a larger revolution in mobile banking . Read more : Tech cities and mega dams : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects Kenya has contributed to the global mobile wallet market that is expanding exponentially . The market is projected to $ 5.25 billion in 2020 and will be driven by the rapid adoption of smartphones . In its vision to become a middle-income country by 2030 , Kenya has singled out scientific and technological advancement as a key driver for growth . Achieving this goal will require the country to do in other sectors what it has done for mobile money transfer and allied financial activities . The first step for Kenya is to consolidate the gains already made in mobile technology . There are already plans underway to promote innovation in mobile technology . But these efforts need high-level political commitment to define the country as a world leader in the extension of mobile technology to other sectors . The key to doing this is building new research universities whose curriculum and teaching are directly influenced by the evolution of the mobile industry . Kenya has recently created the Multimedia University , which was incubated by the ministry of telecommunications . But this university needs to be more directly integrated into the telecommunications sector with a clear focus on advancing all aspects of the mobile revolution . Read more : Africa 's super telescopes ` will inspire science boom ' Kenya can learn from other countries , such as South Korea , as it embarks on a technological path . In the early 1960s South Korea 's main exports included wigs and false teeth . Its success as an industrial nation is largely a result of investing in new research institutions and universities . Kenya needs to embark on a more ambitious technological initiative that can help to galvanize public attention and support the foundation for long-term economic development . One obvious next step for the country is geographic information science and technology . The Kenya Parliament has already passed a motion calling for the creation of a space sector for the country . Drafts of a policy , strategy and bill for creating the sector already exist . The benefits of such an initiative would be profound . It could generate vital data for planning and decision-making in a wide range of areas such as environmental management , business planning and security . It could also help stimulate the creation of new firms marketing technologies and services . Read more : Africa 's new high-tech cities Data generated by the space program would be distributed through existing mobile networks and would add value to current investments such as the fiber-optic backbone . Such a program could help strengthen Kenya 's role as a regional technology hub . Such a space program could also help Kenya monitor climate change and support decisions on critical regional resources such as Lake Victoria . Developing a space sector is not just a vanity effort but a critical investment for national development . Advances in technology are dramatically lowering the cost of running such a program . In fact , several sub-Saharan African countries have space plans or programs , of which Nigeria is the most advanced . Read more : How African innovation can take on the world A technological vision of Kenya 's future demands at least two critical activities . First , the country will need to significantly expand its engineering education . One way to do this is to upgrade engineering-based training institutes in line ministries into graduate training institutes or research universities . Second , the presidency will need to be supported on a regular basis by the best available science and technology advice . Such advice will need to be managed by an office of science and technology advice , directly answerable to the head of state . Kenya is at a critical juncture where it has no alternative but to find new pathways for technological leapfrogging . The alternative is falling behind as other players in the region start to invest in moving to new technological frontiers . At 50 , the country is overdue to reinvent itself using technological innovation as the engine of economic transformation . Follow Calestous Juma on Twitter @calestous The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Calestous Juma .	Kenya is celebrating 50 years of independence Tech and innovation can drive country 's future , says Calestous Juma Needs to build new research universities and expand its engineering education A space program can aid national development , Juma argues
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- A federal grand jury has indicted two Minnesota men in connection with the recruitment of Somali immigrants to fight with Islamic insurgents in their home country . Jamal Bana is one of several missing Somali-Americans believed to have fought with an Islamist insurgency . Salah Osman Ahmed and Abdifatah Yusuf Isse are charged with one count each of providing material support to terrorists and conspiracy to kill , kidnap , maim or injure people overseas , the indictment states . The recruiting effort took place between September 2007 and December 2008 , according to the charges . Ahmed also is charged with two counts of making false statements to investigators . According to the indictment , he told FBI agents that he had traveled alone on a flight to Somalia when , in fact , he and another person were going together "  so that they could fight jihad in Somalia . " Ahmed was arrested Saturday , FBI Special Agent E.K. Wilson told CNN . Isse had been in custody for some time , said Omar Jamal , the head of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center in Minneapolis . Both were from Minnesota and in their 20s , Jamal said . Jamal said Ahmed and Isse were "  foot soldiers " carrying out the work of others , and that he expected more indictments "  in a week or two . " The FBI has been investigating what appears to be a massive recruiting effort by the al Qaeda-linked Somali insurgent group al-Shabaab in immigrant communities in the United States . More than a dozen young men of Somali descent have disappeared from the Minneapolis area in recent months , and at least three have been killed in Somalia , community leaders have said . The latest , Jamal Bana , was confirmed dead over the weekend , his family said Sunday . The same day , Somalia 's president -- a former member of the Islamist movement himself -- issued a plea to Somali-Americans not to join the fight in his country . "  I am saying to those young men from abroad : ` Your families fled your home to America because of insecurity . You should not return here to foment violence against your people , ' " President Sheik Sharif Ahmed said . Al-Shabaab has ties to al Qaeda and has recruited foreign fighters to join its battle to overthrow the Somali government , U.S. officials said . It remains entrenched in the northeast and in sections south of Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , after fighting that has uprooted more than 200,000 people since early May , according to the United Nations . Wilson said the number of missing men believed to be in Somalia is "  in the 10s , " but their recruitment is "  a significant concern and one that we 're giving our highest priority . " In October , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , a Somali-American believed to have been radicalized by al-Shabaab , traveled from Minneapolis to Somalia and blew up himself and 29 others . It was the first suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen , and it raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community and sparked an investigation by the FBI . Burhan Hassan , a 17-year-old Somali-American high school student in Minneapolis , went missing eight months ago , around the same time as Bana . Last month , his family learned that he was killed in Somalia . Neither family has any idea why the young males left the United States , where they came as young boys , and Bana 's family believes he was being held against his will , said Omar Jamal , head of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center in Minneapolis . "  Only one time he placed a phone call -LSB- in mid-November -RSB- , he did n't say much , " Jamal said . "  He spoke as if he was being held hostage . He could n't be speak freely . They asked him to cut the conversation short . " Hassan 's uncle , Abdirizak Bihi , said a fourth man -- 30-year-old Zakariya Maruf -- was killed Friday , but Jamal said Maruf may only be injured . Maruf was the first of the missing Somalis to head overseas , said Bihi , who has become a spokesman for the families of the missing men . Bihi called him a "  leader " whom the others consulted on travel plans . Many of the missing Somali-Americans are believed to have left for Somalia when Ethiopian forces were still on the ground . Ethiopia invaded Somalia to push the Islamists out of Mogadishu in December 2006 , but their presence in the country was an outrage to most Somalis and became a rallying cry for al-Shabaab . Ethiopian troops left Somalia this year , leaving Ahmed 's weak transitional government to battle the insurgents . CNN 's David McKenzie and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Two defendants were mere "  foot soldiers , " their legal advocate says Two charged with conspiracy , providing material support to terrorists FBI investigating Somali militants ' recruiting effort in immigrant communities in U.S. The militant group in Africa has ties to al Qaeda
CNN  -- Country music star Carrie Underwood and husband Mike Fisher took to Twitter Monday to make an announcement : They are expecting their first child . In a riddle of sorts , Underwood tweeted a picture of herself holding her two dogs , with the dogs sporting T-shirts that read "  I 'm going to be a big brother " on one and "  big sister " on the other . The tweet reads "  In honor of ` Labor ' Day ... Ace & Penny would like to make an announcement . Their parents could n't be happier ! " Her husband , Mike Fisher , an NHL player , tweeted more directly : "  We have n't picked names yet , but it 's looking like Fly is gon na fly . " The 31-year old Underwood was American Idol Champion in 2004 and has been releasing hits ever since . In June the platinum-selling singer took home a CMT Music Award for video of the year , for her hit "  See You Again . " It was the fifth time Underwood snagged the award and her third win in a row .	Carrie Underwood used social media to announce she 's pregnant The country music star says she made the announcement to honor "  labor " day Her husband Mike Fisher suggests the name Fly on Twitter
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- People who knew and studied Maj. Nidal Hasan say he was a loner who had no luck finding a wife , and a criminal profiler said the Fort Hood shooting suspect fits the profile of a mass murderer better than that of a terrorist . Investigators are searching for any missed "  red flags " that might have prevented last week 's fatal shooting , which left 12 soldiers and one civilian dead and 40 other people wounded . However , the FBI has said its investigations indicate the "  alleged gunman acted alone and was not part of a broader terrorist plot . " "  A lot of people are jumping to the conclusion because this man spouted violent Islamic ideology that this is a terrorist attack , " criminologist Pat Brown said . Brown , who profiles killers , said Hasan 's profile is that of a loner . "  He was simply a lone guy who had issues , problems , psychopathic behaviors that escalated to the point where he wanted to get back at society , and he took it out on his workmates like most of them do , " he said . A cleric at the Dar al-Hijrah Islamic Center in Falls Church , Virginia , where Hasan attended when he lived in the area , said Hasan seemed to become "  somewhat withdrawn " after the death of his mother in 2001 . "  Some individuals said that their experience with him , that he changed after his mother passed away , " Imam Johari Abdul-Malik said . Another cleric there , Shaikh Shaker Elsayed , said efforts to find a wife for Hasan were unsuccessful . "  Well , we were not successful in matching him with somebody , " he said . Hasan , a 39-year-old psychiatrist , came under investigation last year when his communications with radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki were intercepted by terrorism investigators who were monitoring al-Awlaki , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . But an employee of the Defense Department 's Criminal Investigative Services , assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force , decided to drop the investigation after reviewing the intercepted communications and Hasan 's personnel files . A senior Defense Department official said the task force 's ground rules prevented that information from being transmitted outside the task force , although others disputed that . "  I find it hard to believe that they would just say , ` OK , we 're not going to share any of this information with the military , ' " HLN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks said . "  I mean , that 's why you have a person from the military , from different military branches , on the task force to be the liaison . " A former counterterrorism official said the information about Hasan 's communications with the imam should have been shared with the military unless the FBI specifically forbade it . Still , one source familiar with the investigation said Hasan 's communications with al-Awlaki appeared innocent in nature . Another federal source familiar with the investigation said Hasan 's actions give no indication he was following the guidance in al Qaeda 's terrorist handbook in the weeks before Thursday 's attack . That handbook directs jihadists to conceal their religion , mask their beliefs and blend in . Instead , Hasan frequently appeared in public in traditional Muslim clothing and prayed daily at the local mosque , making no attempt to hide his religion or conservative beliefs , the source said . Hasan remained hospitalized Wednesday in stable condition and has not been formally charged with any of the 13 deaths in last week 's shooting . His civilian attorney , retired Army Col. John Galligan , said he has spoken with his client , but that he was heavily sedated . "  I think the closest thing that indicates that there 's a court-martial in the works is last night about 8 I did receive an e-mail from the prosecutor at Fort Hood indicating to me that the pass privileges and leave privileges of Maj. Hasan had been revoked , " Galligan said . CNN 's Drew Griffin , Elaine Quijano , Carol Cratty and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Profiler : Hasan fits profile of mass murderer better than that of terrorist Maj. Nidal Hasan accused of fatally shooting 13 , wounding 40 at Fort Hood Cleric at mosque Hasan once attended : He was withdrawn after mother 's 2001 death
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Ten Americans detained last week while trying to take 33 Haitian children out of the country were charged Thursday with kidnapping children and criminal association , a government official said . Information Minister Marie Laurence Lassegue 's announcement came shortly after the five men and five women left a hearing at the prosecutor 's office . Under Haitian law , anyone accused of kidnapping a child is not eligible for bail , the attorney general 's office said . Conviction on the kidnapping charge carries a maximum penalty of life in prison ; the criminal association charge carries a penalty of three to nine years , according to a former justice minister . Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Thursday night that the judge in the case has three months to decide whether to prosecute . "  We hope that he will decide long before those three months , " he said . "  He can release them , he can ask to prosecute them . " If a decision is made to prosecute , the case would be heard before a jury , he said . Told that the families of the detained Americans had pleaded for him to intervene , Bellerive said he could not . "  Those people are not in the hands of the government ; they are in the hands of justice , " he said . "  We have to respect the law . It is clear that the people violated the law . What we have to understand is if they did it in good faith . " Bellerive said the Haitian government was open to the possibility of the case being transferred to a U.S. court but said the request would have to come from the United States . "  Until now , I was not asked , " he said . He expressed gratitude for the work of the vast majority of Americans who have helped in the aftermath of the January 12 earthquake that he said killed at least 212,000 people . The Americans were turned back Friday as they tried to take the children across the border into the Dominican Republic without proper documentation . They said they were going to house them in a converted hotel in that country and later move them to an orphanage they were building there . "  We can confirm that the 10 American citizens remain in custody in Haiti , " said State Department deputy spokesman Gordon Duguid . "  We continue to provide appropriate consular assistance and to monitor developments in the legal case . " The Americans have said they were just trying to help the children leave the earthquake-stricken country . Some of the detained Americans have said they thought they were helping orphans , but their interpreters said Wednesday that they were present when group members spoke with the children 's parents . Some parents in a village outside Port-au-Prince said they had willingly given their children over to the Americans , who promised them a better life and who said they could see their children whenever they wanted to . Government approval is needed for any Haitian child to leave the country , and the group acknowledged that the children had no passports . Some members of the group belong to the Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho . One of the church 's ministers asked for privacy and would not discuss the matter . "  I know you have many questions but we do n't have answers right now , " Drew Ham , assistant pastor , said in a note to reporters . P.J. Crowley , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department , has said that U.S. officials have been given unlimited consular access to the Americans and that U.S. and Haitian authorities are "  working to try to ascertain what happened -LSB- and -RSB- the motive behind these people . "  Clearly , there are questions about procedure as to whether they had the appropriate paperwork to move the children , " he said Wednesday . CNN 's Karl Penhaul in Port-au-Prince , Dan Simon in Meridian , Ohio , and Jill Dougherty in Washington contributed to this report .	10 Americans charged with kidnapping , criminal association Missionaries denied bail because kidnapping charges involve children Missionaries say they were trying to help children leave country Haitian government says group was trying to kidnap children
As authorities spent weeks looking for accused killer Eric Frein in eastern Pennsylvania , he apparently was using his laptop to access open wireless connections and gain access to the Internet . According to an application for a search warrant filed by the Pennsylvania State Police , Frein had a Lenovo Thinkpad and two portable storage drives with him when the 31-year-old survivalist and military buff was captured last week at an abandoned airport near Tannersville , Pennsylvania . Authorities want to know what is on the laptop and on Saturday asked a judge for permission to search the computer . Frein told authorities he used the laptop and unsecured Wi-Fi accounts during the nearly seven-week long search , the court document says . A crew from CNN affiliate WNEP drove down the road near where he was taken into custody and found a few homes that could have provided the open access . One of the websites he could have accessed provided links to listen to police radio traffic , WNEP reported . The application for the warrant also describes how authorities had already searched a computer from Frein 's home and discovered some disturbing Internet searches that went back to November 2012 . The searches included : "  how to escape a manhunt , " "  can police track cell phone " and "  ballistics trajectory calculator . " Frein is charged with first-degree murder and other crimes in a September 12 ambush outside the state police barracks in Blooming Grove . He 's accused of killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and wounding Trooper Alex T. Douglass before melting into the thick Pennsylvania woods .	On the night he was arrested , Eric Frein told cops he had a laptop he had been using Some homes near the airport he was found at have open wireless connections Frein avoided capture for almost seven weeks
CNN  -- Traveling to Rio de Janeiro for a two-day tournament last year , professional golfer Amanda Blumenherst could n't catch a break . The Arizona-based golfer 's flight to Dallas was detoured to San Antonio because of bad weather . Blumenherst , who joined the Ladies Professional Golf Association in 2010 , slept in San Antonio and flew on to Dallas the next day . That day , a seven-hour delay for her flight to Rio turned into a cancellation and another night in a hotel . Two hours into the Rio flight the following day , "  there was a medical emergency and we had to turn around , " she said in an e-mail . "  The plane was too heavy from the fuel that was n't used and ` broke ' the wheels , canceling that flight . " When the next flight finally reached Brazil , it had to land in another city and wait for bad weather to clear in Rio . Blumenherst 's flight did finally arrive -- just 72 hours after starting the trip . And that 's just one tournament in her 30-week-a-year travel schedule . Hotels ready for the end of the world The professional athlete 's life seems so glamorous and full of jet-set travel . And for professional athletes whose teams rent chartered planes , book fine hotels and take care of transporting their luggage , it may be . Not so much for the rest of the professionals who play sports for a living . Some travel relentlessly hoping to break through to achieve even more . Others are happy for another season in a country far from home , playing the sport they love . These road warriors have their travel routines figured out and know what they need to make it through another trip . Light luggage for water polo Professional water polo player Tony Azevedo , who serves as captain of the men 's U.S. National Water Polo Team and has competed in four Olympics , travels more than 90 days a year . Azevedo plays for a Croatian team during the professional water polo season  from August through May  , flying commercial all over Europe . During the summer , he trains with Team USA and travels around the world for tournaments . "  The only equipment we need to take are caps , and the team usually takes these  or gives them to the youngest team members to transport  , " he wrote in an e-mail from the road . "  We are all in charge of bringing our own robes , sandals , suits and any other gear we need . " "  I wear my Intelliskin shirt and pants to help with posture and circulation , and then any team gear that I have chosen for the trip  as captain  , " writes Azevedo , who does n't check his baggage . He also makes sure to bring his fully loaded iPad , headphones and a neck pillow . 4 must-sees for military buffs A little extra for a professional basketball player -- and mom Professional WNBA basketball player Candace Parker , who plays for the Los Angeles Sparks during the summer , does n't have to pack any basketball uniforms or equipment . That 's handled by the team . But she does have to pack a little bit extra . The WNBA requires that the players dress "  business casual " after the game . And her daughter , 3 , also comes on trips and requires her sippy cups and a bag of toys . When Parker plays in the United States , which is usually May until October , she travels for about half of the five-month season . The other half of the year she plays professionally in Europe . On either side of the Atlantic , her most crucial items are her iPad and the sippy cup and coloring gear for her daughter . In the U.S. , she also knows she can pick up any toiletries she might have forgotten to pack . But in Europe , she 's more careful about packing cosmetics and other items she might not find in the smaller cities on her away schedule . "  I pack a lot , and my husband  former Brooklyn Nets player Shelden Williams , who now plays for French team Elan Chalon  tells me that I overpack , " she says . "  He tends to travel lighter , but he forgets things . " A runner with a laundry regimen Runner 's World editor Bart Yasso has learned the art of minimalist packing , traveling for running events more than 40 weekends out of each year . If he has to bring nice clothes , he 'll wear those on the plane .  He also wants to look nice if he gets upgraded .  And he prefers to pack lightly and use a backpack , so he can literally run to make any tight connections . If he 's going to run four times on a trip , Yasso will pack one pair of broken-in running shoes and three running kits . He ca n't sleep on planes , so he 'll work if there 's a Wi-Fi connection , watch movies and eat a light meal . Key to his travel enjoyment is adjusting immediately to the local time . "  When I get in , I eat the meal that makes the most sense , adjust and get on that time line immediately , " he says . "  I do n't want to know what time it is back home . You want to live in the time zone you 're in . Get the most sleep you can  at night  to feel the best you can . " Preferring not to have a stinky bag of sweaty clothes when he gets home , he always washes his running gear in his hotel sink before repacking his gear . A golfer with particular tastes Professional golfer Blumenherst does n't have to pack golf balls , gloves , hats and golf shoes . Nike , her sponsor , delivers that gear to each tournament in advance . "  I have to pack everything else : golf clothes , pro-am party dresses , workout gear , clubs , practice tools , etc. , " she wrote in an e-mail . Her gear adds up : One golf club travel bag , one large suitcase , one carry on and a duffel bag . For good luck , she brings a bag of hair ribbons to match her outfits each day . "  They have to match . " Another key ingredient in her routine is reduced-fat peanut butter , which is hard to find outside the United States . "  I do not leave for a tournament without a jar . " With her peanut butter , plus bread and bananas she buys on the road , she 's set with her go-to food of choice . Once aboard , "  I try to sleep as much as possible , drink a lot of water and stretch on the plane , " she said . "  This helps time pass and also helps me adjust to the time , making jet lag much better . " Travel on the cheap : Five times to go Eight mistakes weekend travelers make	Travel is n't as glamorous as you 'd think for professional athletes Many pack most of their own gear , just like the rest of us Team USA water polo captain packs light , does n't check bags
Wired  -- For years , the U.S. Navy has been pursuing a workable ray gun that could provide a leap ahead in ship self-defenses . Now , with a series of tests of a system called the Laser Weapon System , or LaWS  , it may be one step closer to that goal . Naval Sea Systems Command  NAVSEA  , the service 's technology development arm , announced today that LaWS had "  successfully tracked , engaged , and destroyed " a drone in flight , during an over-the-water engagement at San Nicholas Island , California . It 's certainly not the first time lasers have shot down an unmanned aerial vehicle -- last year , the Air Force zapped several drones with beam weapons in a series of tests at China Lake , California , -- but this test brings an additional bit of realism -- and an extra technical challenge . Laser beams can lose strength as they move through the moist , salty sea atmosphere above the sea , so the Navy needs directed-energy weapons that can work effectively on ships . The LaWS is essentially a laser upgrade to the MK 15 Close In Weapon System  CIWS  , a.k.a. the Phalanx gun , a radar-guided autocannon that is already installed on Navy surface combatants . According to NAVSEA , the system tested  shown here  fired a laser through a beam director installed on a tracking mount , which in turn was controlled by a Mk 15 CIWS . That 's the basically same system that controls the Phalanx . It represents a possible next step for the Phalanx system , which is currently limited by the range of its 20mm autocannon  Raytheon , manufacturer of the Phalanx , is also marketing a missile system to replace the gun  . The Phalanx is a last line of defense against sea-skimming anti-ship missiles and hostile aircraft , but the laser would n't replace the gun completely . Theoretically , directed energy weapons would increase the range of the system , but you would still have the gun as a backup if the laser fails to do the job . LaWS might also have other applications : land-based Phalanx guns have been used to shoot down incoming rockets and mortars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a laser Phalanx could -- theoretically -- avoid the problem of the "  20mm shower "  unexploded rounds falling back to earth  . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	U.S. Navy is one step closer to a workable ray gun with the Laser Weapon System LaWS has "  successfully tracked , engaged , and destroyed " a drone in flight LaWS is essentially a laser upgrade to the MK 15 Close In Weapon System
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- I 'm the mother of two daughters , a teen and a tween . So every day , I tiptoe through hormonally laced minefields hoping to avoid emotional carnage in response to any of my random comments or actions . The cervical cancer vaccine , approved in 2006 , is recommended for girls around 11 or 12 . As I tiptoe , I sometimes stumble , as any mother of girls that age knows . No adult woman in her right mind would knowingly , willingly utter comments that result in young people hissing , hurling verbal grenades such as , "  Thanks , Mom , for calling me fat , AGAIN . " Or "  Are you EVEN listening to me ? " Or any version of the very popular , "  I hate YOU , " "  I hate you SO much , " "  I hate this family , " or just plain "  AAAARRRRGGGHHHHH ! " followed by stomping feet and slamming doors . So given this background , you might understand why , when I chose to broach the subject of the latest vaccine for young girls , I was braced for a fight . Oddly enough , for once , the battle did n't come . I told my teenage daughter I wanted her to get the HPV  human papillomavirus  vaccine the next time she went to see her doctor . "  I do n't want to . " "  Well , sorry . You have to . " "  I heard it hurts . " "  Well , that 's too bad . But it might prevent you from getting cancer later in life . " "  Oh .  pause  OK . " If you were keeping score , you might chalk that one up as a Mom win . The only problem with that is after winning over my daughter , I now had to convince myself . This drug has its own emotional battlefields . The HPV vaccine has been available to the public for almost two years . When Merck launched it in 2006 under the name Gardasil , many people enthusiastically embraced it as a wonder drug . Dr. Kevin Ault , associate professor of gynecology and obstetrics at Emory University 's School of Medicine , says the vaccine helps women avoid an assortment of ailments , some not too serious , but others that are potentially deadly . "  There are about 100 different types of human papillomavirus , " he said . "  Some of them are pretty common and not dangerous , like plantar warts or warts on your hand . About 30 of them infect the genital tract , and about a dozen of them are associated with cancer . " Health for Her : Watch more the HPV vaccine and girls " In this case , the cancer Ault is talking about is cervical cancer . The National Cancer Institute estimates that in 2008 , there will be over 11,000 new cases of cervical cancer diagnosed and almost 4,000 women will die from it in the United States . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says that at least 50 percent of people who have had sex will have one type of HPV at some time in their lives . Given those stats , this vaccine would seem like a pretty good thing , right ? The hitch is that the vaccine is suggested for adolescent girls , but the viruses in question are sexually transmitted . And that is one of the big reasons the HPV vaccine has divided parents in the question of "  to give or not to give . " Let 's face it . Parents do n't like thinking about their daughters having sex at all . Ever . Now a new drug comes along , and not only are parents told they should embrace this new vaccine for their young daughters , but it 's also part of the set of routine vaccines that doctors are strongly encouraged to give their patients . Merck says the drug has been safely tested for girls and women between the ages of 9 and 26 . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that girls get the vaccine at age 11 or 12 . Ault explains why youth is key . Human papillomavirus is sexually transmitted , "  so one of the advantages of giving it to adolescents is that they are unlikely to have been sexually active , so they will not have been exposed to the virus before getting the vaccine . " Another reason to do this early , Ault points out , is that "  our immune system is a lot better when we are 11 than when we are , say , at 22 . " Ault also suggests that parents could use this experience to teach their children about sex and , even more important , about the realities of life , such as sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies . These arguments are n't convincing to some parents , the ones that are choosing not to have their daughters vaccinated . There are several reasons for doing this , including religious beliefs . Some faith-based groups feel the vaccine is inviting their young daughters to become sexually active . Others believe the drug is just too risky . CDC spokesman Curtis Allen says the vaccine is constantly being monitored by a joint CDC / FDA hotline . Parents , patients and physicians can call the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System , or VAERS , to report any adverse reaction to the vaccine . Through a Freedom of Information Act petition , the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch got records from VAERS that showed three deaths in girls who 'd had the vaccine in March-April 2007 and over 1,600 adverse reactions reported from June 2006 to April 2007 . All said the response came after getting the HPV vaccine . Allen cautions restraint in considering the reports . "  Most of these reactions were minor , " he said , and the deaths "  were linked to circumstances not related to the vaccine . " The CDC and the FDA are constantly monitoring the VAERS hotline and wo n't hesitate to act should they see any dangerous trends due to the HPV vaccine , he said . The vaccine does have some known side effects . Ault has seen his share . "  I certainly hear from women who get the vaccine that it 's painful , and I think some dizziness has been reported . " In fact , fainting has been added to the list of potential side effects to watch for . Allen says doctors are now recommending that girls stay in their doctor 's office for a short period after they get the injection for just that reason . Three injections are necessary to get the full benefit of the vaccine . The shots need to be administered over a six-month period and at this stage are guaranteed to work for at least five years . All of this information leaves me confused . Frankly , I 'm not really sure I have won myself over when it comes to the "  shot or no shot " decision for my daughters . However , in the back of my mind , I hear the words a father spoke when he thought about not giving the vaccine to his still-young daughter . He said , "  How am I going to be able to turn to my daughter when she 's older and tell her , ` When you were younger , I had the chance of making sure you never got a certain type of cancer , and I decided not to do it ' ? " That 's an emotional minefield I truly do n't think I 'm emotionally equipped to walk through . E-mail to a friend	Human papillomavirus , or HPV , can cause cervical cancer Gardasil , a vaccine against HPV , was approved for U.S. use in 2006 CDC : Girls 11-12 should get the vaccine , before they 're sexually active Reported side effects causing some parents to reconsider vaccination
CNN  -- Like many awards shows , buzz surrounding the Golden Globes has long focused on questions like who will wear what , who 's on whose arm and who will win a statuette . But another critical question has emerged since Ricky Gervais first took the stage as the awards show 's host in 2010 : Which celebrity will get roasted ? The British comedian caused quite the stir when he took jabs at Mel Gibson and Sir Paul McCartney at the 67th Golden Globes in 2010 . Jaws again dropped in 2011 when he questioned the sexuality of "  some famous Scientologists " before revisiting the troubled past of Robert Downey Jr. . Judging by the 2012 event poster , which features the third-time host snipping off the gag that covers his mouth , Sunday 's affair may be rife with Gervais ' trademark barbs . Gervais has tweeted about his Globes game plan in the days leading up to the show : "  I keep having to write new jokes as I pick my victims , I mean targets , I mean presenters to introduce . Some great people have confirmed . " He even assured Twitter followers that he 'll be drinking lager , ad-libbing and speaking his mind : "  No one knows what I 'm going to say until I say it . That was my only stipulation to host again . " Though he 's already been criticized for offending a slew of big-name celebrities and members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which runs the awards show , Gervais should n't -- and would n't -- consider toning down his act , said Gregory Ellwood , the editor-in-chief of HitFix.com . "  I think he actually feels empowered by the reaction every year , " Ellwood said . Gervais recently told "  Today 's " Matt Lauer that , despite making such "  offensive " jokes , he has no trouble sleeping at night . "  I think offense is taken , not given , " he said . "  If you do n't let yourself be offended , you 're not offended . ... My conscience never takes a day off . Some people are just offended and you ca n't really worry about them . " Later in the interview , Lauer said the media have referred to the soon to be three-time host as a genius , prompting the comedian to let out a boisterous laugh . But Ellwood said Gervais is certainly something of the sort . "  It 's not as easy to be outrageous and biting and funny at the same time as it might seem , " Ellwood said , noting that Gervais has pulled it off twice already . "  His Sheen joke was comedy gold for me , " Ellwood said referencing Gervais ' quip about the former "  Two and a Half Men " star 's typical breakfast of partying and heavy drinking . "  He could n't avoid it . " The rest of Gervais ' material , however , was n't so obvious . With the exception of jokes about Ashton Kutcher and , possibly , Katy Perry and Russell Brand , Ellwood says to expect the unexpected at the 69th Golden Globes . Unless the expected is a whole lot of industry jabs , that is . Ellwood said many of the jokes will most likely be at the expense of director Brett Ratner , who stepped down as Oscar producer after making an anti-gay slur , and Eddie Murphy , who made the decision not to host after the controversy .  Billy Crystal will host the event for the ninth time come February 26 . "  He 'll rip the HFPA , Dick Clack Productions and NBC , " who are involved in a legal row over the TV rights to the awards show , Ellwood said . Gervais went after the Hollywood Foreign Press Association last year when he insulted "  The Tourist " stars Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp . "  He was n't really knocking  the actors  . He was knocking the HFPA  for nominating the film  and then  Jolie and Depp  for showing up , " Ellwood said . But , truth be told , Ellwood added , the association most likely wants Gervais to say something that will wind up at the water cooler the next day . Regardless of how many people Gervais offends in the process , he continues to rebuild the Globes ' reputation after a disappointing show in 2008 . A mere 6 million viewers tuned in that year , when the Writers Guild of America boycotted the event . In 2011 , Gervais ' biting humor helped reel in about 17 million viewers . What 's working so well for Gervais had the opposite effect on controversial Oscar hosts David Letterman and Chris Rock , whose bits did n't sit well with critics , Ellwood said . Awards show hosts are n't supposed to insult people in the audience , he added . "  The way Ricky sees it , he 'll never host the Oscars , " Ellwood said . "  He takes it from that point of view , so he has no problem insulting people . There 's no reason not to . " Gervais confirmed his no holds barred approach on his blog in December : "  I would say that there 's nothing too offensive in there , but I honestly thought that last year . So I 'm not sure of the rules anymore . " The comedian 's advice for the easily offended ? "  Do n't worry about it . "	Gervais caused a stir when he took jabs at Mel Gibson and Sir Paul McCartney in 2010 His jokes at 2011 Golden Globe awards caused even more of a stir The 2012 event poster shows Gervais snipping off the gag that covers his mouth He 's assured Twitter followers that he 'll be drinking lager , ad-libbing and speaking his mind
CNN  -- I 've been teaching English in college for 40 years , and I 've never met a single professor who likes grading . "  Hate " is too strong a word for what they feel . But nobody likes it . The fun stuff is talking to students , holding classroom discussions , thinking about your subject in complex ways and trying to convey your enthusiasm for the subject . Education is about leading students in useful directions , helping them to discover their own critical intelligence , their own voices . Now a company has come up with software that can grade our papers for us . EdX is a nonprofit company started by Harvard and MIT . It also creates online courses called MOOCs  for massive open online course  . With this new software , students submitting their papers online can get immediate feedback : no more waiting until the lazy professor gets around to grading their work , probably leaving coffee rings and inky fingerprints on the pages . Having a program grade papers would apparently free teachers to do other things , but I think it would be a mistake . Why ? As a teacher , I may begin to understand students by their conversation or how they respond in class , but when they actually have to put their thoughts on paper , I can learn a huge amount in a relatively brief time . I can see how they think and feel in relation to the material before them , and if  and how  they have problems in making connections , marshaling arguments , drawing conclusions . Needless to say , I can also get a sense of where they are with the material at hand . Have they learned enough to progress to the next stage ? The truth is , students rarely come to college -- any college -- knowing how to write well . This takes a lot of what one of my old profs used to call "  correction . " I remember sitting beside him in his office as he went over my papers . He would draw a red pencil through adjectives , suggesting that I find stronger nouns , not more bolstering words . Do n't say it was a "  long narrow street . " Kill the adjectives . Call it an alley if it 's an alley . He also told me to get rid of those adverbs . Get a stronger verb and you wo n't need an adverb , he would tell me . So do n't say : "  He ran swiftly down the narrow street . " Instead , try something like this : "  He sped down the alley . " I learned from this guy how to put my sentences into a more active voice , how to subordinate clauses , to embed them in a rolling syntax , making thoughts more subtle , arguments more persuasive . Now that was teaching . Real education lives in sitting side by side with a student , in the face-to-face exchange of ideas and feelings . But grading papers often represents the beginning of a good exchange . I think my best teaching moments have occurred off-stage , late at night . I would spot a problem in a student paper and respond at length , in writing , in the margins . This would lead to an affecting moment in my office , where the student would come back at me to discuss . The conversation would continue , often for a very long time . In some cases , for years . I do n't think any software program is ever going to replace people in education . It may offer some help , but it 's not the real thing . To paraphrase Mark Twain , it 's the difference between lightning bugs and lighting . Sometimes , we need the flash itself , even the jolt , to push us in the right direction . I do n't believe software , however sophisticated , will ever provide that kind of jolt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	Jay Parini : Professors are not crazy about grading papers , but new software can do it for them Parini says teachers learn a lot about students from grading papers He says computers ca n't work with students one-on-one to correct writing habits , errors Parini : Computers vs. teachers is , as Twain said , difference between lightning bugs , lightning
CNN  -- Gwyneth Paltrow and BeyoncÃ © can now claim to be the most beautiful BFFs in the world . On Wednesday , People magazine named Paltrow the World 's Most Beautiful Woman for 2013 , a year after Paltrow 's pal BeyoncÃ © held the title . "  I honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me , " Paltrow told People about her reaction when she first heard she landed the top spot . "  I had to reread the e-mail three times . I was like , ` This ca n't be true , I 've developed dyslexia -- I 'm not reading this right . ' It 's a very iconic cover in American culture , so it 's just amazing . " For the "  Iron Man 3 " actress , her beauty is most evident when she 's just being herself . "  Around the house , I 'm in jeans and a T-shirt . I do n't really wear makeup , " Paltrow told the magazine , adding that that 's how her two kids , Apple and Moses , are used to seeing her . The star 's husband , Coldplay 's Chris Martin , even teases her about it . "  If I 've gotten fully dressed up , he 'll be like , ` Oh , wow ! You 're Gwyneth Paltrow ! ' Because he 's used to seeing me in like baggy shorts and frizzy hair , " she said . But at 40 , Paltrow said her definition of what it means to be beautiful has changed . "  I feel my most beautiful when I am truly myself . Meaning , when I accept exactly where I am in time and space , and I 'm not judging myself in any way , and I feel that I have the peace that comes with loving yourself and all of your flaws , " she told People . "  I see so much now how beauty really does , as clichÃ © as it sounds , emanate from within . " The actress credits the Tracy Anderson Method for helping her "  look younger and feel strong , " but she 's more focused on helping her daughter Apple , 8 , build a healthy body image . "  When we 're home sometimes , she 'll put on mascara . And sometimes I 'll let her wear something out to dinner -- but just a little dab , " Paltrow told People . "  Also having a father who adores you the way that he adores her is very good for your body image . The more we can love her and let her be who she is , the more confident she 'll feel . " People magazine 's Most Beautiful issue , which also includes Kerry Washington , Drew Barrymore , Jennifer Lawrence and Jane Fonda , arrives on newsstands Friday . CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	People magazine names Gwyneth Paltrow the World 's Most Beautiful Woman The 40-year-old actress tells the magazine she keeps it natural at home "  I honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me , " she says of her reaction to the cover She tells People she wants to pass down a healthy body image to her daughter , Apple
CNN  -- Daniil Kvyat shivers at the memory of a childhood visit to Sochi , the Black Sea resort which is preparing to stage the first Russian Grand Prix this week . "  There was snow and rain , and it was three degrees , really cold , " the Russian Formula One racer tells CNN . "  I had to use double gloves to drive ! "  I was 10-years-old and it was my first ever karting race . I was very nervous -- but still I managed to win . " That maiden competitive victory on the snowy streets of Sochi a decade ago was a landmark event for the ambitious youngster . It may just have planted the icy streak of competitiveness which has earned Kvyat the coveted job of replacing Sebastian Vettel at Red Bull next season . The 20-year-old will follow in the four-time world champion 's footsteps by graduating from junior team Toro Rosso after just a single full season learning the ropes . "  They know what kind of driver I am , " Kvyat told the media in Japan , where he was named as Vettel 's successor . "  I will do my best to prove them right . " With his aura of cool confidence , it 's easy to forget that Kvyat is still a rookie racer in the realms of F1 . Those within the sport 's inner circles -- as well as his new boss Christian Horner - have been impressed with his ability to adapt to circuit conditions and his baseline speed . The young Russian qualified eighth on his debut in Australia and crossed the line ninth , a career-best finish he also claimed in Britain and Belgium . "  I did n't have any problems adapting myself to any of the special conditions , let 's say , " Kvyat explains . "  I managed to find my pace straight away without losing time . It 's true that when I am comfortable with a car I can take the maximum out of it . " When asked in the summer if he wanted Vettel 's job leading the senior Red Bull team , Kvyat laughed before adding , "  I do n't know . "  We do know Red Bull Racing is a top team for the world championship ... " Kvyat 's future pairing with Daniel Ricciardo -- the man he replaced at Toro Rosso this season -- will be an intriguing partnership . From the outside the duo look like chalk and cheese . Ricciardo is the smiley , practical joker with Kvyat the stick-thin straight man . The Russian is said to be so focused on his ambitions in F1 that he does n't even have time for a girlfriend , surely a rarity among F1 's leading men . Kvyat definitely has a cool head on his young shoulders and refuses to believe any of the hype bubbling around him . "  Obviously you should n't let emotions drive you too much , " he says . "  I think being calm always helps . "  You still have to be happy with what you 've done and always keep pushing for whatever it is  you want  . "  If it will come it will come , or it will not come . " Coming round the corner very soon is another lifetime landmark for the boy who grew up in Ufa , a city he describes as "  industrial but nice . " On Sunday , Kyvat will become the first homegrown racer to contest a Russian GP , the newest addition to the sport 's peripatetic calendar . "  I 'm really happy to be going back , " says Kvyat , who moved to Italy when he was 12 to fuel his racing ambitions . "  The place means so much to me and obviously I hope to give the crowd something to cheer about . "  It 's important to have a flag on your heart and in your soul and for me that 's the Russian flag . " Russia has had to wait a long time for motorsport to come in from the cold -- 100 years in fact . The last Russian Grand Prix was held in St Petersburg in 1914 before the outbreak of WW1 and the Russian civil war pushed motorsport off the national agenda . There have been attempts to add Russia to the world championship calendar since the late 1970s but it was the 2014 Winter Olympics -- the most expensive in history -- that was to prove the catalyst for a Russian race . "  We got help from the Olympics , " Russian F1 television presenter and commentator Alexey Popov explains to CNN . "  It was decided a race track would be would be part of the Olympic Park . "  Without that the circuit in Sochi would never have been built . President Putin himself signed with Bernie -LSB- Ecclestone , the sport 's commercial rights holder -RSB- four years ago . " The 2014 Olympic and Paralympic Games and the 2018 soccer World Cup are headline events for Russia but F1 is still a relatively small sport in a country with a population of 146 million citizens . Popov , who is the face of motorsport on Russian state broadcaster VGTRK , says this season each grand prix reaches an average of around two million viewers . "  It is not immensely popular , " he says . "  It 's not ice hockey or the Olympics . It 's not such a big story for the government as the World Cup . "  I hope that changes . I 've sacrificed 23 years of my life trying to change the perception . Every bloody Sunday I work on it ! "  But the national grand prix is a national grand prix and there is a little bit of pride . "  If one guy begins to win everything , like Michael Schumacher or Fernando Alonso did , he really can change the perception . " Kvyat is n't a household name yet in Russia . The most famous driver is , as in most countries around the world , seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher . With a future as a Red Bull driver secured , the 20-year-old surely must believe he has a chance of becoming Russia 's first title winner ? "  I do n't get caught thinking about it too much , " says Kvyat with his poker-face in place . "  I do my job , I do my best and if my best is enough for it ... Of course , it would be nice . " He pauses and then , letting his guard down a little , he confides : "  I am living for this . "	Daniil Kvyat will drive at Sunday 's inaugural Russian Grand Prix in Sochi The 20-year-old Russia 's second ever driver in the Formula One world championship The Toro Rosso racer will replace Sebastian Vettel as a Red Bull driver in 2015 He tells CNN he is "  living " to one day be an F1 world champion
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A sister of a 17-year-old girl whose body was found this week two miles from her home in southern California said Friday she would not rest until the killer is apprehended . "  I will not have peace until this this person is found , " Elizabeth Lopez , 18 , said about the killer of her younger sister Norma , who vanished last Thursday as she walked home from summer classes at Valley View High School in Moreno Valley , about 70 miles east of Los Angeles . Authorities believe that Norma , who had planned to meet a younger sister and a friend at home , took a short cut through a dirt field to reach the family 's residence . Her sister contacted the police when Lopez failed to return home . The girl 's body was discovered Tuesday two miles away and identified Wednesday through dental records , police said . "  I always thought it was something safe , " Lopez said about the path her sister typically followed . "  I never suspected that my sister would get kidnapped in this empty lot of just dirt . " Sgt. Joe Barja of the Riverside Valley Sheriff 's Department declined to reveal the cause of death or reveal any injuries Lopez may have sustained but said the department is treating the death as a homicide . The victim 's sister said the family was trying to stay strong and to find the killer . "  That 's what 's keeping us motivated -- to get that person in custody so no other family could actually go through what we are going through , " Elizabeth Lopez told HLN 's "  Prime . " "  There 's a family here that loved her very much , even though sometimes we did fight -- but it was something stupid , something dumb . But we love her and miss her and one day we will be together again . " She expressed gratitude for the outpouring of support the family has received from the community , including a memorial service at the high school , which hundreds of students attended . "  I get a lot of strength from this , " she said . "  I did not expect this many people to actually support us . I thought this was just going to be one of those kidnappings that people do n't really get involved with ... I did not really expect anyone to actually really listen to the story that we had . " Lopez said her sister had hope to become a fashion designer , a makeup artist or a model . "  She had really big dreams in life , " she said . She recalled the last time she saw her sister , the morning of her disappearance . "  She brought me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and I opened up my sandwich and it had a happy face made with banana in it , " Lopez said . The offering was intended to to persuade her sister to lend her a pair of shoes , she said . Police are looking for a green "  SUV-type vehicle " that was seen driving from the area at the time of Lopez 's disappearance . The parents , who are originally from Guanajuato , Mexico , were being assisted by the Mexican Consulate , said Carolina Zaragoza , head of the consulate 's local office . The victim 's father , Martin Lopez , 44 , told CNN in a telephone interview that the neighborhood was generally a safe one and that Norma usually took precautions to stay safe . "  She never walked around without her mother , " he said in Spanish . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Sister "  will not have peace until this person is found " Norma Lopez 's body was discovered Tuesday Norma dreamed of being a fashion designer , makeup artist or model Authorities believe teen was taking a shortcut home when abducted
CNN  -- As I watched the split screen of the Petraeus hearings and the Kagan hearings this week , two views of what makes America great were clearly on display . I was transfixed by the visual image of four-star Gen. David Petraeus , sitting in dress uniform decorated with row upon row of ribbons and patches awarded in recognition for some difficult task or accomplishment . The general was given a deserved lovefest by the members of the Senate Armed Services Committee . The contrast was Elena Kagan , also called general  solicitor general  in her modest suit being put through a little more grueling questioning by the Senate Judiciary Committee . Petraeus is a hero and the most celebrated active general in our armed services . Kagan is a stranger to most of the country and barely known outside the legal and political fields before her nomination . But she will now be an important part of our government and our nation 's history . The most serious questioning she received was by the ranking Republican , Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , who wanted to know why as dean of the Harvard Law School she had restricted military recruiters ' ability to contact students on campus because of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy barring openly gay soldiers from serving . She did n't have a good answer . The honest answer would have been that many in the academic world and many in the legal world do n't like our military . Assuming she is confirmed , Justice Kagan will conduct her battles behind the closed doors of the Supreme Court -- potentially for many decades -- and I assume she will be part of the liberal wing of the court . Her battles will be with words and opinions , not bullets . Petraeus ' battlefield will be more public and certainly more difficult . The Petraeus hearing was pro forma . The explanation to his wife about why he was going back to war and moving from Tampa , Florida , to Kabul , Afghanistan , probably took longer than it did for the Senate to confirm him . Petraeus is doing this because his president asked him to and because he is a soldier and a patriot . But there was a mixed message coming out of Petraeus ' hearing . The message was : We love you general , we hate your war . His message back was : Let me go fight it as best I know how and do n't handicap my fighters by artificial deadlines or restrictions . After nine years of battle , Americans are tired of war . Do n't think for a moment that our soldiers , from generals on down , are n't pretty tired of it , too . The generals and the soldiers did n't start these wars . It 's important that Americans remember who created the first battlefields and struck the first blows against us at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon itself . These were the first battlefields on our soil since the Civil War . One of the bravest of these generals , is Stanley McChrystal , who announced this week he will retire shortly from the Army . A little over a year ago , he also sat in a decorated uniform before that same Armed Services Committee . It 's notable that while this great man attracted wide public attention by the manner in which he 's leaving the Army after 34 years of service to his country , few will ever know what he did and the dangers he has encountered . Most of his military career has been in special operations , the clandestine fighting that is not reported . Much of his service and his accomplishments remain classified including his tour of duty from 2003 to 2008 as commander of the Joint Special Operations Command . This elite unit of Navy SEALs , Army Rangers , Green Berets and Delta forces was so covert that the Pentagon refused to acknowledge it existed . It was composed of a very few of the best fighting forces we had , and its mission was finding terrorists and eliminating them . I would think that , in a war with terrorists , that 's what you want your side to do . In the Rolling Stone article that finished this great warrior 's career , the freelance writer , Michael Hastings mockingly states , "  The general 's staff is a handpicked collection of killers , spies , geniuses , patriots , political operators and outright maniacs . " In a war against ruthless terrorists , that sounds like the right team to me . Altar boys and freelance reporters need not apply . In combat with terrorists or any other group trying to kill you , the "  Marquis of Queensbury " rules do not apply . Unfortunately , very few of our citizens and even fewer of our elected officials have ever served in the military . The all-volunteer military is the best fighting force in the world , though the public may not be fully aware of the crucial role it plays . Generals McChrystal and Petraeus are part of that very special military . Petraeus has put himself on the line again . Failure in Afghanistan is defined by the media , the Congress , the White House or whoever would taint his extraordinary record in Iraq . But it should n't , just as a few words to an overly ambitious reporter should n't damage the reputation , great history and service McChrystal has given his country . We should honor and thank McChrystal . Tellingly , he never talked to the media from the time he was a captain until he was a four-star general . The New York Times article reporting his promotion was headlined , "  A general steps from the shadows . " As he retires and goes back into the shadows , every award , every recognition that he deserves should be given him . President Obama did the right thing this week by letting him retire as a four-star general . The Army and the Pentagon needs to do everything it can to recognize his service to our country . Duty , honor , country are the words each West Point cadet is to live by . Gen. McChrystal lived by them every day . On this Fourth of July weekend celebrating our independence as a nation , we need to be grateful to the men and women who over the last 234 years have served in our military to keep us free . Freedom did n't come easily and defending the American way of life has fallen on the shoulders of our fellow citizens who now voluntarily have taken on the burden of defending those liberties . They are not paid well , they are forced to serve in far-off places and spend much time away from their families . They do it because they love this country deeply and without reservation . We need to say thank you , and we need to never take their service for granted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : Senators ' message to Petraeus was we love you , but not your war He says Petraeus and Gen. Stanley McChrystal are heroes who deserve to be honored After nine years of battle , U.S. public and military are tired of war Rollins : We should n't forget U.S. did n't seek this war but responded when attacked
Washington  CNN  -- Between the Ebola threat , fears about ISIS , a slow economic recovery and little enthusiasm for President Barack Obama or Congress , it 's hard to believe that many Americans feel good about anything . But an overlooked piece of data in a recent CNN/ORC poll revealed a surprising number of Americans are upbeat despite the seemingly constant onslaught of bad news . When asked , "  how are things going in the country today , " 50 % of respondents said things were going either "  very well " or "  fairly well . " Of course , that 's not an overwhelming vote of confidence in the state of the union . And , indeed , 49 % of people in the same survey felt the country was in bad shape . Still , it is the first time at least half of the people who took part in CNN 's regular surveys expressed that much confidence since April 2013 . And it was only the seventh time at least 50 % said that they felt this good since early in 2004 . In some ways this relative equanimity may not be as surprising as it may seem at first blush . For some time , researchers have seen a brightening mood in the country about the economy . And despite breathless concerns being voiced in several quarters that the existence of several Ebola patients would transform the U.S. into a sequel of the movie "  Contagion , " the public has not become very worried about the disease . According to Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director , the percentage of people who feel good about the current status of the country , "  has been ticking up the last few times we asked the question . It went down when the ISIS crisis started and before the Syrian airstrikes started . That tells me that people were worried about ISIS , but they became less concerned when the U.S. started taking some sort of action . " The optimism is n't much help to Democrats heading into the midterm elections weighed down by unhappiness with Obama . Majorities in the same CNN/ORC poll still disapprove of his handling of the economy , foreign affairs and health care policy . Half of those surveyed also disapprove of his handling of terrorism . And the sanguine mood can also be ephemeral , changing from week to week as different news events impact the sense of calm . For example , the CNN/ORC poll was conducted before the death of Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian man who was hospitalized in Dallas with Ebola and the news that one of the health care working tending to him also contracted the disease . There is no question that the CNN/ORC survey is out of step of most polls that depict the American public in a fearful and dour mood . Just this week , a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll found that two-thirds of registered voters felt the country is on the "  wrong track , " while just a quarter believe it was headed in the right direction . The varying results could be explained in the difference in the question 's wording . Asking how things are going today prompts a person to make a clear-eyed assessment of the status of the country right now . The right track/wrong track question asks people to gage how things will be in the future . It is not inconceivable for a person to feel pretty sanguine about the current states of affairs , but very worried about what could be around the corner . "  There have been times in American history -- and this may be one of them -- when people feel things are ok right now , but there are good reasons to be concerned about what may happen in the future , " Holland said . Beyond feeling somewhat better ISIS , there is the economy . It is possible that lower unemployment , an uptick in consumer spending and the robust growth in GDP growth may be starting to affect outlook . "  There are a lot of polls showing improvement in the public 's perception of how the economy is doing , " said Karlyn Bowman , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute who specializes in analyzing polls and public opinion . "  Having said that , it 's been a long , slow road to full recovery . " While some experts say that the continued stagnation in wage growth contributes most to the publics displeasure with the economy , there is one trend that is making a large contribution to the improve public mood : gasoline prices . Despite continued turmoil in the Middle East , prices at the pump are set to be at their lowest level since 2010 , according to gasbuddy.com , which tracks prices in North America . The website says 10 % of the country 's gas stations are pricing a gallon of regular gasoline under $ 3.00 . While many economic statistics such as GDP growth and jobless figures are mere abstractions to most people , gasoline prices are a tangible marker visible on almost every street corner , every day . "  One economic indicator you see once every few minutes while driving around your neighborhood is the price of gas , " said Jared Bernstein , a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities . "  It registers with people when that improves and I believe it feeds into consumer confidence and polling results . " Happiness about the fall in gasoline prices could be offset by increases in the cost of meat , bread , milk and other food staples . But since studies indicate that women overwhelmingly still do the grocery shopping , men are somewhat insulated from confronting fluctuations in food prices . In contrast , everyone sees changes in the price of gas as they drive around town . That may be one reason why 56 % of men felt things were going well in the country , compared to 44 % of women . "  Gasoline is magical , " says Tom Kloza , senior oil analyst for gasbuddy.com . "  Everybody knows what they pay for it . "	Many Americans still optimistic despite negative headlines . Optimism is n't helping Democrats heading into the midterms . Poll shows this is only the seventh time since 2004 that at least 50 % said they felt this good .
CNN  -- Expect traffic this month , as more than a quarter of the country hits the road for the holidays . Some 93.3 million Americans will travel more than 50 miles from home during the year-end holiday travel period , predicts AAA . That 's an increase of 1.6 % over 2011 . This year , AAA defines the holiday period as Saturday , December 22 , to Tuesday , January 1 , 2013 . Do n't be a jerk en route to dinner "  The year-end holiday season remains the least volatile of all travel holidays as Americans will not let economic conditions or high gas prices dictate if they go home for the holidays or kick off the New Year with a vacation , " said AAA President and CEO Robert Darbelnet in a statement . "  Primary economic indicators all show modest improvement from last year and AAA is projecting an increase in the number of Americans stuffing their stockings with airline tickets and hotel reservations , " said Darbelnet . Abandoning the hearth for Christmas The national average price of gasoline has dropped about 50 cents a gallon since September but is still at a record high , AAA said . The price may continue to drop and could average $ 3.20 - $ 3.40 a gallon by January 1 , 2013 . The drop in gasoline prices may not have an impact on the number of cars on the road , but it could free up money for more spending on presents , dining and entertainment , according to AAA . Some 90 % of U.S. travelers  84.4 million  say they expect to drive to their destinations this year , a 1.3 % increase over last year . Some 5.6 million people will fly , an expected increase of 4.5 % . Approximately 3.3 million will use other modes of transportation . Americans are expected to travel an average distance of 760 miles this year , an increase from the 726 miles the average traveler expected to drive last year . Travelers are also planning to spend more : AAA predicts median spending of $ 759 this year , an almost 6 % increase over last year . In a separate forecast , trade group Airlines for America predicted that 42 million passengers will fly over a 21-day holiday period between December 17 , 2012 , and January 6 , 2013 . That figure reflects an expected dip of about 300,000 passengers , or a 1 % decline , from last year . "  We still have a relatively tepid , albeit growing economy , with high unemployment levels , " said John Heimlich , the organization 's chief economist . Airlines are experiencing strong bookings relative to available capacity . Planes are expected to be about 85 % full , rising to nearly 90 % on the busiest days , December 21 , 22 , 23 and 26 and January 2 . "  This is a great time to travel , as carriers are staffed to accommodate the influx of holiday travelers and airfares remain a bargain , having significantly trailed U.S. inflation , " Heimlich said in a statement . Average airfares are up year over year , but adjusted for inflation , flying costs about 14 % less than it did in 2000 , according to Airlines for America . Where are you traveling this holiday season ? Please share in the comments below . CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report	Some 93.3 million Americans plan to travel more than 50 miles over holidays , AAA says People are driving longer distances and spending more on their trips this year Gas prices are expected to continue dropping , freeing up cash for other holiday spending
Budget Travel  -- In recent years , this fishing town -- and next-wave surf spot -- has turned into a popular rest stop for Inca Trail hikers . Oceanfront lodging runs about $ 40 a night in Mancora , Peru . Bus ride : $ 37 The quickest way to reach Máncora , about 700 miles north of Lima , is to hop on one of Lan Peru 's twice daily flights from Lima to Piura  $ 225 round trip  ; from there , it 's about a two-hour cab ride to Máncora  $ 70  . If you have 18 hours to spare , take the Cruz del Sur bus  cruzdelsur.com.pe , $ 37  . Tear your eyes from the dubbed American movies shown along the way and you may spot a dolphin or two frolicking in the Pacific Ocean . Beach hotel : $ 40 There are two types of lodging : on the beach -- like Punta Ballenas Inn  011-51/7325 -8136  -- and almost on the beach . In the case of Hospedaje Costa Norte , you 're a minute 's walk from the surf . The rooms surround a courtyard guarded by Pedro , a parrot with a penchant for giving besitos  little kisses  to female guests  011-51/7325 -8198 , from $ 10  . Yoga hotel : $ 70 Samana Chakra is a new thatched-roof bungalow resort on the northern end of the beach , owned by an ex-marketing director from California and his wife , a Peruvian yoga instructor . The rate includes breakfast and a daily hatha yoga class  totally optional , of course  . Early risers can even surf with the owners , who ride tandem on a longboard  011-51/1 -9830 -5896 , samanachakra.com  . Taxi fare : 95 cents Moto-taxis , three-wheeled motorbikes with a covered backseat for two , are Máncora 's primary form of transportation . The bumpy ride across town costs about a dollar . For $ 14 round trip , a moto cabbie will take you into the Amotape Mountains to the thermal hot springs at Poza de Barro . Surf school : $ 16 Máncora 's six-foot waves rival those of better-known surf spots in Peru , such as Chicama , but early mornings often bring waves that are ideal for beginners . Several shorefront surf schools offer 90-minute private lessons . Tasty lunch : $ 6 Fried yucca and ice-cold Brahma beer are the perfect companions to ceviche , the national dish of Peru , made with seafood , maize , crescents of sweet potato , and a citrus marinade . At Cevichería Las Peñitas , an entire meal , including ceviche and beer , costs less than $ 6 . Fruit drink : 50 cents The best deal in town is a cremolada  a crushed-ice beverage made with passion fruit , strawberry , orange , or pineapple  at Papa Mo 's Milk Bar . Passion fruit is said to have a mildly sedative effect -- not unlike a few days spent in Máncora . Necklace : $ 7 On a three-block stretch of sidewalk near the southern end of town , dreadlocked nomads and local artisans sell everything from shark jaws to tins of natilla , Peru 's version of dulce de leche . The most unusual wares are adorned with deep orange huayruro seeds , which come from the Amazon rain forest and are believed to ward off negative energy . A double-strand necklace costs $ 7 . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	A beach hotel in Máncora runs about $ 40 per night A night at Samana Chakra , a new yoga resort , is $ 70 Travelers can dine on fried yucca , ceviche and ice-cold beer for about $ 6
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- Rescuers planned to search for survivors under a mountain of concrete and twisted metal Friday night after a high-rise building collapsed in Tanzania . At least four people were dead and 60 were missing after the 16-story building under construction collapsed in Tanzania 's largest city , government and emergency officials said . Five children are believed to be among the missing , rescue official Walji Ali said . The building collapsed Friday with a "  huge whoosh and then thump , " said eyewitness Ali Jawad Bhimani , a hotel owner who lives near the building in Dar es Salaam 's normally bustling Kariakoo central business district . "  The fallen building is next to our mosque . There is a small field there where the young boys play football . The building fell right on top , " he said . "  But 10 to 15 of the boys playing got away safely and are unharmed . " A statement from the nearby mosque said that four of the boys believed to have been playing there were still missing . Police and search dogs quickly flooded the scene , Bhimani said . By Friday evening , the dogs were gone , replaced by heavy equipment being used to remove debris , he said . The Tanzanian Red Cross said rescue efforts would continue through the night . But the group also expressed relief that the casualty figures could have been far higher but the streets were relatively empty of vendors and shoppers due to a holiday . "  So far we have managed to rescue live at least 13 people and four dead bodies , two were seriously injured , " Stella Marealle from the Red Cross said . In addition to the deaths , at least 17 people were injured , said Suleiman Kova , a regional police commander . Construction workers were among those injured , Ali said . CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : Rescue efforts to continue through the night , officials say At least four dead , 60 missing after building fell in Dar es Salaam The building was under construction ; workers are among the hurt , official says Five children may also be trapped , official says
Washington  CNN  -- The United States believes that North Korea is supplying Iran with long-range missiles , suggesting Iran has strike capabilities are stronger than discussed in public , according to one of the leaked U.S. diplomatic cables released Sunday . The issue was raised by American diplomats in a high level-meeting with their Russian counterparts in late 2009 , but the Russians expressed doubt on the U.S. concern , according to the cable . The revelation is in one of the documents published by WikiLeaks , the online whistleblower website that began releasing a cache of more than 250,000 cables Sunday . The document , dated February 24 and labeled "  secret , " details a meeting between the United States and Russia in which U.S. representatives expressed belief that North Korea supplied Iran with missiles . The cable cites the U.S. belief that 19 BM-25 missiles were shipped to Iran in 2005 . According to Jane 's , a weapons research company , the missiles are reported to have a range somewhere between 2,500 and 4,000 km  1,560 to 2,500 miles  . The Russians expressed doubts about the claim , citing lack of evidence , the cable states . But the Americans countered that some countries have offered direct evidence , and said they would try to bring further evidence to future meetings . The United States believes that Iran wanted the missiles for the propulsion technology . But in an exchange described in the cable , U.S. and Russian officials debated whether North Korea even had the BM-25 missile at all , and the Russians asked whether the United States had any images of the missile . "  The U.S. did not , but noted that North Korea had paraded the missile through the streets of Pyongyang . Russia disagreed , " the cable noted . The Russians countered that a review of the video of that parade showed a different video and "  the missile appears to be a myth . " In what the cable describes as a "  vigorous session of questions and answers " discussing ballistic missile threats , Russia detailed its assessment of Iran 's missile program , and the degree to which Russia believes these programs constitute threats that would require missile defense responses . The cable said Russia believes Iran 's "  success " is that it has created Shahab-3 missiles that can reach targets in the Middle East and southeastern Europe , but they can not do substantial damage with conventional warheads . According to the cable , the Russian Defense Ministry 's Evgeny Zudin said that although Iran can build prototypes of long-range systems , it lacks structural materials such as high-quality aluminum to do so , and it also does not have the materials necessary for the kind of mass production that would make it a security threat at the moment or in the near future . Russia believes although Iran might be able to begin a ballistic missile program with a 2,000 - to 3000-mile  3,200-to 4,800-km  range after 2015 , it does not see Iran moving in this direction . Russia has instead concluded that Iran 's ballistic missile program is directed toward developing combat-ready missiles to address regional concerns , the cable states . "  In their analysis , the missile programs of Iran and the -LSB- North Koreans -RSB- are not sufficiently developed , and their intentions to use missiles against the U.S. or Russia are nonexistent , thus not constituting a "  threat " requiring the deployment of missile defenses , " the cable 's author noted .	U.S. and Russian officials disagree on reported Iranian missile The dispute was recounted in one of the leaked U.S. diplomatic cables
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court 's only black justice was the target of a racially motivated threat by an Ohio man who has been indicted in Cleveland , Justice Department officials announced Wednesday . Racially motivated threats were made against Justice Clarence Thomas , according to a federal indictment . An eight-count indictment returned by a federal grand jury charges David Tuason of Pepper Pike , Ohio , with making multiple threats against Justice Clarence Thomas and with threatening to blow up the Supreme Court building . Tuason had made the threats in e-mails and mailed letters to the Supreme Court , as well as to Thomas personally , according to a source close to the case . Tuason "  engaged in an elaborate scheme of sending racially motivated threatening communications ... intended to threaten and intimidate with bodily injury African-American males known to affiliate with white females , " said U.S. Attorney Frank Filiuzzi Wednesday in Cleveland . "  The indictment alleges that an associate justice of the Supreme Court , athletes , and entertainers received threatening communications , " Filiuzzi said . Thomas 's wife is white . "  The indictment also alleges that at times , children of mixed racial parents were also targeted , " the prosecutor said . The indictment says that "  Tuason , at times , threatened to blow up the facility or building in which the targeted victim was located . " If Tuason is found guilty , he faces up to 10 years in prison for the count targeting Thomas and five years imprisonment for each of the other counts . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Justice Clarence Thomas received racially motivated threats , indictment says David Tuason also threatened to blow up Supreme Court building , indictment says Indictment : Tuason threatened black males known to affiliate with white females Children of mixed-race parents also received threats
CNN  -- The governing body of Mexican football has banned five players from its national team after they failed drugs tests taken in late May before the start of an international tournament . Decio de Maria , Secretary General of the Mexican Federation of Football , announced the suspensions of national team members Guillermo Ochoa , Francisco Javier Rodriguez , Edgar Duenas , Antonio Naelson "  Sinha " and Christian Bermudez at a Thursday news conference . De Maria blamed the failed drug tests on bad meat eaten by the players . The five tested positive for clenbuterol , a banned anabolic agent that can be found in meats . Mexican football officials contend the five players ingested the substance accidentally . The suspensions could be devastating to Mexico 's chances at the Gold Cup , an international tournament currently under way that includes nations from North America , Central America and the Caribbean . Mexico is the tournament 's returning champion . Samples of red meat have been collected from a restaurant the players had frequented and will be tested , according to the federation . The federation stated that a final decision on the players ' status is pending the results of the tests .	The players test positive for clenbuterol , a banned substance Mexican soccer chief says players ingested bad meat The five Mexican national team players are out of the Gold Cup tournament
CNN  -- As any ex-jock can tell you , any time you try exercising a muscle that has gone unused for a decade or more , something predictable happens : It barks like hell . This is what we 're seeing in this last pathetic run-up to the forced spending cuts agreed to by Congress and the president in July 2011 as a fail-safe in case the federal government could n't agree on a totally necessary but politically difficult settlement to address the country 's long-term fiscal unsustainability . "  Hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings , " President Barack Obama warned .  PolitiFact verdict : half true . "  There is no indication that Americans will lose their insurance coverage or access to all primary care because of the sequester , " said PolitiFact , but added "  pretty close to ` hundreds of thousands ' " could lose flu vaccinations and cancer screenings . A trio of Republican senators  John McCain , Lindsey Graham and Kelly Ayotte  jointly bemoaned "  the calamitous effects that budget sequestration would have on our nation 's economy and security . " Politicians have been trying to outdo each other in deploying what the neoliberal Washington Monthly founder Charles Peters coined in 1976 as the "  firemen first " principle -- the notion that "  the public will support  the Clever Bureaucrat 's  valiant fight against the budget reduction only if essential services are endangered . Thus , C.B. always picks on teachers , policemen , firemen first . " So an already rattled nation is being spooked by horror stories of three-hour airport security lines , delayed background check for gun purchases and criminals running freely through the streets . All this for a spending cut that the Congressional Budget Office estimates will be around $ 44 billion in 2013 , a tiny sliver of the federal budget . Imagine the squeals if it included significant cuts . Zelizer : GOP will get blame for cuts No doubt there will be those who find such fear-mongering persuasive . But for the rest of us , it suggests a rather pressing and relevant question : Just what , precisely , did we get from doubling the cost of the federal government between 2000 and 2010 ? If the bureaucrats ca n't produce an explanation for the price increase of government , then they should not expect their budgets to be rubber-stamped by an already suffering public . So the squawking you hear is from a government money-machine having difficulty adapting to a political universe that no longer accepts automatic annual increases . And we 'll keep hearing it until the moment politicians have the courage to align government expenditures within miles of revenue . The Nobel Prize-winning economist James Buchanan , who died in January , warned us three decades ago about the "  permanent disconnect " between revenue and spending , brought about by politicians scared of charging taxpayers full freight for government goodies . Opinion : The fairy tale on spending cuts "  The attractiveness of financing spending by debt issue to the elected politicians should be obvious , " he wrote . "  Borrowing allows spending to be made that will yield immediate political payoffs without the incurring of any immediate political cost . " We are living with the results : National debt greater than 100 % of annual gross domestic product and no end in sight , just as the baby boomers stop working and start sucking down expensive federal entitlements . Even if borrowing costs remain at their historic lows in perpetuity , this kind of debt overhang is more dangerous than any mild bureaucratic shuffle necessitated by the 1 % trim . Why ? In their controversial April 2012 National Bureau for Economic Research working paper , economists Carmen M. Reinhart , Vincent R. Reinhart and Kenneth S. Rogoff concluded that when countries carry debt of more than 90 % of GDP for five or more consecutive years , economic growth gets chopped down by more than a whole percentage point each year for decades . What 's the best method for reversing a debt crisis ? In a 2009 paper  PDF  , Harvard economists Alberto Alesina and Silvia Ardagna examined more than 100 debt-reduction efforts worldwide since 1970 , and asserted that "  spending cuts are much more effective than tax increases in stabilizing the debt and avoiding economic downturns . " The authors found "  several episodes in which spending cuts adopted to reduce deficits have been associated with economic expansions rather than recessions . " Opinion : Cuts will turn off voters GOP is courting Taxpayers should n't be fearing the forced spending cuts , they should be fearing that the cuts do n't go nearly far enough . And politicians should realize that short-term debt service and long-term entitlements are going to keep shrinking the money left over for doling out goodies . Like other things that ca n't go on forever , fiscal irresponsibility wo n't . Time to get those muscles in shape . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch .	Matt Welch : Politicians have been squawking about dire fallout of forced spending cuts He says Congress and Obama agreed on them in 2011 deal , and they 're necessary He asks : What have we gotten from huge increase in federal government 's budget ? Welch : Debt at 100 % of GDP , with boomers getting ready to queue up for benefits
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Bombs in Baghdad and Baquba killed four people , two police officers among them , and wounded seven others Sunday morning , an Interior Ministry official said . A wounded Iraqi woman cries at a Baquba hospital after being caught in a blast Sunday at a police building . One death came about 9 a.m. when a parked car bomb detonated near the Buratha Shiite mosque in northwestern Baghdad . The blast apparently targeted a convoy belonging to an endowment that manages Shiite mosques in the war-ravaged nation . Three people were wounded in the explosion . A roadside bomb attack an hour earlier struck a police patrol in western Baghdad 's Mansour district , the Interior Ministry official said . Two police officers were killed and four others were wounded , he said . In another attack targeting authorities , a suicide car bomber slammed into the emergency police headquarters in central Baquba about 9:30 a.m. , a Baquba police official said . Twelve people were hurt in the blast , including three police officers . The blast also damaged the police headquarters and three civilian automobiles , the police official said . The suicide bomber was the only person killed in the blast . The U.S. military told CNN it has no evidence of a reported attack by al Qaeda in Iraq militants on an Iraqi village near Baquba on Saturday . A Baquba police official said at least 10 people were killed when the AQI insurgents raided the village of Adwaila -- home to both Sunni and Shiite Iraqis -- who have opposed al Qaeda , making the village a target . "  CF -LSB- coalition forces -RSB- and IA -LSB- Iraqi army -RSB- searched the area by air and by ground for several hours and found no evidence of this attack , " Task Force Iron spokeswoman Maj. Peggy Kageleiry told CNN in an e-mail sent on Sunday . "  An IA team that was called to investigate the alleged incident was attacked by small arms fire and not anywhere on the scale described in the original report from the media . " The police official said al Qaeda in Iraq insurgents launched mortars into the village north of Baquba and then sent in dozens of fighters with small arms to storm the village . The police officials aid at least five homes were burned and destroyed . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	A parked car bomb explodes outside an organization that manages mosques Two police officers killed in roadside bomb attack in Baghdad 's Mansour district Suicide car bomber dies after slamming into Baquba police building , injuring 12
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- Elizabeth Smart has long been silent about the details of an ordeal that began in June 2002 when a stranger crept into her bedroom , held a knife to her throat , marched her up a hillside trail and made her his sex slave . She has spoken to local groups about how to move on after a traumatic experience , celebrated the passage of a national Amber Alert law for missing and abducted children , and offered advice to another alleged kidnapping victim , Jaycee Dugard . In October 2009 , Smart drew a general outline of her experience at a hearing to determine whether her accused captor , Brian David Mitchell , 57 , was mentally competent to stand trial . Much of her testimony focused on Mitchell 's ability to manipulate people and talk his way out of a jam . At that hearing , Smart described being forced to sleep face down in her own vomit after Mitchell gave her too much alcohol , daily rapes and being drugged , shown pornography and threatened with death -- a mere outline of the events that transformed her from a 14-year-old who prayed with her family and read to her little sister into a submissive captive bent on survival . A prosecutor provided a sneak preview of Smart 's story in his opening statement Thursday , saying Smart "  was threatened , sexually abused , degraded and humiliated . " He acknowledged the story he was telling was "  disturbing . " It is even more troubling to hear , he said , in Smart 's own words . Smart had been scheduled to appear as the prosecution 's third witness , following her mother , Lois , and sister , Mary Katherine . She had returned to Utah from France where she was on a mission , a rite of passage typically undertaken by young men raised in the Mormon faith , although it is gaining in popularity among young women . Had things gone as planned , she likely would have been on the witness stand Friday . But a defense challenge over the location of the trial won the attention of a federal appeals court , which halted the trial on Thursday . Assistant U.S. Attorney Felice Viti had finished his opening statement Thursday , and defense attorney Parker Douglas was just warming up , when the proceedings were halted -- before Douglas could complete his 11th sentence , according to the official trial transcript . The three-judge panel vacated its temporary stay Friday . The trial is scheduled to resume Monday . But Viti 's preview lent a glimpse of what is to come . Smart was abducted before dawn on June 5 , 2002 , the prosecutor said , and led to a campsite that "  was her prison for the next four months . " She was stripped , dressed in a robe and brought into a tent for an impromptu "  wedding . " And then , the prosecutor said , she was raped . Smart was in tears when she fell asleep . A cable was attached to her ankle , and she was kept tethered to another cable strung between two trees . She had a bucket for a toilet , Viti told the jury . The cable was removed after six weeks , but she certainly was not "  free , " the prosecutor added . Rape was a daily occurrence , and she was forced to walk around the camp naked . It went against everything she ¹ d been taught by her family , everything she believed , he said . During this time , the prosecutor added , Smart devised her survival strategy . She would not resist Mitchell , and she would not antagonize him . She 'd go along with him , vowing to "  outlive " him . And she 'd wait for her opportunity to escape . There was a heartbreaking near-miss at the Salt Lake City public library . A homicide detective asked Mitchell to raise the veil Smart wore when they were out in public . Mitchell objected on religious grounds , saying showing her face in public would be inappropriate . The detective did n't challenge him further . Still , Mitchell was rattled enough to suggest a move out of state , Viti said . Along with Mitchell 's wife , Wanda Barzee , they traveled to California , winding up at a homeless encampment near Riverside . There , the abuse continued , Viti said . "  She was sexually abused , degraded , humiliated , forced to view pornography and subjected to daily harangues , never allowed to speak , never left alone , " Viti said . He added that Mitchell made other attempts to "  strip Elizabeth of her identity , " to break down her sense of herself . He named her "  Shirdashi , " then let her choose the name "  Esther " for herself . As they traveled , her name changed again , to "  Augustine Mitchell . " Finally , as they headed back to Utah in March 2003 , Smart suggested they hitchhike . She also urged that they leave the robes and veils behind because it would be easier to find a ride in "  regular clothes . " Shortly after arriving back in Utah , they were spotted walking on the street in Sandy , a suburb of Salt Lake City . Viti appeared to anticipate questions from jurors similar to those that have been raised over the past seven years : Why did n't she fight ? Why did n't she run ? Was she a willing captive ? Or was it a case of Stockholm Syndrome , in which kidnapping victims come to identify with their captors ? "  Nothing she did was voluntary , " the prosecutor told the jury . "  Everything she did was to survive . ... It worked . She survived . "	NEW : The appeals court lifts the stay , denying the defense request for a mistrial It 's unclear when the trial will resume Smart has not extensively discussed the details of her captivity The prosecutor says she was raped daily and degraded
More than 200 bottlenose dolphins spent a second day penned in a cove by Japanese fishermen , U.S. conservationists said Sunday , many of them stressed and bloodied from their attempts to escape . The dolphins will spend a third night without food or rest in Taiji Cove before the fishermen likely start to slaughter them Monday for meat , the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society said . Until now , the fishermen have focused on selecting dolphins to be sold into captivity at marine parks and aquariums in Japan and overseas , the conservation group said . Twenty-five dolphins , including a rare albino calf , were taken on Saturday "  to a lifetime of imprisonment , " and another 12 on Sunday , the group said . Two dolphins have died in the process . Environmental activists have been monitoring activities in the cove in southwest Japan , which is a focal point of the Taiji community 's annual dolphin hunting season . Although the hunting of dolphins is widely condemned in the west , Japanese defend the practice as a local custom -- and say it is no different to the slaughter of other animals for meat . Caroline Kennedy , the recently installed U.S. ambassador to Japan , tweeted that she is "  deeply concerned by inhumaneness of drive hunt dolphin killing . " The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society has been live-streaming video of events in the cove and posting frequent updates on Twitter . "  Many of the 200 + Bottlenose dolphins who are in still the cove are visibly bloody & injured from their attempts to escape the killers , " one update Sunday said . Another appealed for people to do their part to end the demand for dolphins captured from the wild . "  Dolphin slaughter in Taiji continues because of the captive trade . Please do not support aquariums & parks with marine mammals , " it said . Opinion : Eat fish , kill a dolphin ? Slaughter under tarpaulins The dolphins earmarked for slaughter include those with nicks or markings which make them less desirable as captives . The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society described how about 40 to 60 local fishermen work with nets to divide up the pod , whose initial numbers were estimated by the group at more than 250 . "  They tighten up the nets to bring each sub-group together then the skiffs push them toward the tarps . Under the tarps in the shallows is where the trainers work with the killers to select the ` prettiest ' dolphins which will sell and make the best pay day for the hunters , " the group said . "  But the process is brutal and stressful . Some of them die from injuries incurred during the manhandling or simply the stress . " Once the slaughter begins , it will turn the water in the cove red with blood , as documented in footage captured by the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society in the past . The fishermen will "  kill the ` undesirable ' dolphins  those with nicks and scars  under the tarps to hide from our cameras when that time comes , " the group said . Officials say criticism is biased , unfair CNN has been unable to reach anyone at the town office for Taiji , a community of about 3,000 that juts into the Pacific Ocean , or the local fishermen 's union for comment . But local officials have reacted angrily in the past to Western criticism of what they say is a traditional practice dating back centuries . A 2009 Oscar-nominated documentary film , "  The Cove , " brought the issue of dolphin hunting in Taiji to the fore with bloody scenes of dolphin slaughter . The Wakayama Prefecture , where Taiji is , condemned the film in an online response as distorted , biased and unfair to the fishermen . "  The Taiji dolphin fishery has been a target of repeated psychological harassment and interference by aggressive foreign animal protection organizations , " it said . "  Taiji dolphin fishermen are just conducting a legal fishing activity in their traditional way in full accordance with regulations and rules under the supervision of both the national and the prefectural governments . Therefore , we believe there are no reasons to criticize the Taiji dolphin fishery . " The Japanese practice of whale hunting has also put it in conflict with the views of much of the world . Japan 's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium , taking advantage of a loophole in the law that permits the killing of the mammals for scientific research . Whale meat is commonly available for consumption in Japan . Environmental activists warn that dolphin meat , also sold for consumption in Japan , contains dangerously high levels of mercury and other toxins . CNN first learned about this story through a CNN iReport posted by Martha Brock , an environmental attorney and activist in Georgia . "  There are activists around the world that are calling the embassy and the press , but I knew I could n't do much , so I wrote this iReport , " she said .	Fishermen have taken 37 bottlenose dolphins to be sold into captivity , conservationists say Many of the 200 dolphins still in the cove in Taiji , Japan , will be slaughtered , they say Local officials have previously defended hunting of dolphins as a traditional practice Environmental activists say dolphin meat contains dangerously high levels of mercury
Washington  CNN  -- The United States will be looking for nations around the world to get tougher on Iran in the wake of the alleged plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to the United States , a senior State Department official said Tuesday . The official said that although Iran is under multiple sanctions , many countries are not enforcing the restrictions , and sometimes if they have problems with Iran , they do n't speak out publicly . The official said the United States is going to be looking for countries to enforce existing sanctions , implement new ones and cut ties with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , to basically match what the United States has already done . To make the case , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and other senior officials in the department are going to be placing calls to leaders and foreign ministers , U.N. Security Council members and others with influence on Iran , the official said . The official said the United States is looking for what Clinton calls a "  chorus of international condemnation " of Iran . A senior administration official , asked if there will be sanctions on more individuals related to this particular plot , responded , "  We 've done what we think is the network here . " Asked what actions the United States would take next , the official said , "  We are continuing to look for additional ways to apply financial sanctions on Iran . We are very much in the business of increasing pressure on Iran through sanctions so Iran understands they have a clear choice to be made between coming to the table seriously  and  meaningfully , and facing further isolation and sanction . "  We 're continuing on that course . " Meanwhile , Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns plans brief the diplomatic corps Wednesday at the State Department on the alleged Iran plot , a second senior department official said Tuesday . The official described it as an "  informational briefing " and said that Burns will explain the details of how it went down , how the Obama administration handled it and the need to hold Iran accountable . A third senior State Department official told CNN that the briefing will also try to allay any concerns that were raised in diplomats by word of an assassination plot against an ambassador in Washington . The official said the State Department Bureau of Diplomatic Security is working with the Secret Service and "  taking all appropriate measures " to protect foreign diplomats and diplomatic facilities . Saudi Ambassador Adel Al-Jubeir has always had his own State Department Diplomatic Security detail , as have previous Saudi ambassadors .	The U.S. will be looking for countries to do more on Iranian sanctions , a top official says Secretary of State Clinton and others will be making calls , the senior State official says The diplomatic corps is to be briefed , another senior State Department official says
CNN  -- The first officer aboard Malaysia Airlines MH370 when it disappeared early Saturday from radar was transitioning to work on the Boeing 777-200 . Fariq Ab Hamid , a 27-year-old Malaysian , helped fly the plane from Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur , where he landed it under the supervision of a senior pilot as well as a safety captain , according to CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest , who was also in the cockpit . The network was shooting video of the landing for use in a "  CNN Business Traveler " program . "  It was interesting to watch the way he brought the aircraft in to land , " Quest recalled about the February 19 landing , which the captain described as textbook-perfect . Hamid , who has 2,763 flying hours , joined Malaysia Airlines in 2007 . He had been flying another jet and was transitioning to the Boeing 777-200 after having completed training in a flight simulator . The airline 's first officers are trained to the same standards as the captains , Quest said he was told by airline officials . "  The captain was very much in control , but the first officer was flying the aircraft . " The missing plane was piloted by Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah , a 53-year-old Malaysian with 18,365 flying hours who joined the airline in 1981 .	Fariq Ab Hamid , 27 , had recently switched to the Boeing 777-200 He landed it in a flight captured on video last month by CNN It was a textbook-perfect landing , the captain said of Hamid 's work
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi officials Monday condemned the weekend killings of eight civilians during a Baghdad street battle involving American security contractors and said they would shut down Blackwater , the company involved . A Blackwater helicopter hovers over Baghdad in July 2005 . Blackwater said its employees acted in self-defense . The U.S. State Department said it plans to investigate what it calls a "  terrible incident . " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice called Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to express regret for the weekend killings , both governments said . In addition to the fatalities , 14 people were wounded , most of them civilians , an Iraqi official said . Sunday 's firefight took place near Nusoor Square , an area that straddles the predominantly Sunni Arab neighborhoods of Mansour and Yarmouk . The ministry said the incident began around midday , when a convoy of sport utility vehicles came under fire from unidentified gunmen in the square . The men in the SUVs , described by witnesses as Westerners , returned fire , the ministry said . Blackwater 's employees were protecting a U.S. official when they were hit by "  a large explosive device , then repeated small-arms fire -- and to the point where it disabled one of the vehicles , and the vehicle had to be towed out of the firefight , " said Marty Strong , vice president of Blackwater USA . A senior industry source said Blackwater guards had escorted a State Department group to a meeting with U.S. Agency for International Development officials in Mansour before the shootings . A car bomb went off about 80 feet  25 meters  from the meeting site and the contractors started evacuating the State Department officials , he said . A State Department report on the attack said the convoy came under fire from an estimated eight to 10 people , some in Iraqi police uniforms . The guards called for backup , at one point finding their escape route blocked by an Iraqi quick-reaction force that pointed heavy machine guns at one vehicle in the convoy . A U.S. Army force , backed by air cover , arrived about half an hour later to escort the convoy back to the Green Zone , the report states . A team from another security company passed through the area shortly after the street battle . "  Our people saw a couple of cars destroyed , " Carter Andress , CEO of American-Iraqi Solutions Groups , told CNN on Monday . "  Dead bodies , wounded people being evacuated . The U.S. military had moved in and secured the area . It was not a good scene . " An Interior Ministry spokesman , Brig. Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf , said , "  We have revoked Blackwater 's license to operate in Iraq . As of now they are not allowed to operate anywhere in the Republic of Iraq . The investigation is ongoing , and all those responsible for Sunday 's killing will be referred to Iraqi justice . " Watch why the Interior Ministry revoked Blackwater 's license " Company and State Department officials said they had not been notified of any order to that effect . Rice and al-Maliki agreed to conduct "  a fair and transparent investigation into this incident " and punish those responsible , the prime minister 's office said . The Diplomatic Security Service has launched an official investigation , a review that will be supported by the Multi-National Forces-Iraq , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . "  The secretary wants to make sure we do everything we possibly can to avoid innocent loss of life , " he said . McCormack said that while the United States tries to avoid innocent casualties , "  we are fighting people who do n't play by any rules " and have no problem killing innocent civilians . The weekend 's incident raised concerns in the U.S. Congress about the use of private security guards . Rep. Henry Waxman , whose House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held hearings on contractor operations in February , said he will hold new hearings into the issue in light of Sunday 's shootings . "  The controversy over Blackwater is an unfortunate demonstration of the perils of excessive reliance on private security contractors , " said Waxman , D-California . Blackwater , founded in 1997 and based in Moyock , North Carolina , is one of many security firms contracted by the U.S. government during the Iraq war . An estimated 25,000 employees of private security firms are working in Iraq , guarding diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials . As many as 200 are believed to have been killed on the job , according to U.S. congressional reports . Some Blackwater personnel died in a grisly attack in Iraq more than three years ago that sparked shock and outrage in the United States . Four Americans working as private security personnel for Blackwater , all of whom were military veterans , were ambushed , killed and mutilated in March 2004 in Falluja , west of Baghdad . People close to the company estimate it has lost about 30 employees during the war . Iraqi authorities have issued previous complaints about shootings by private military contractors , the Congressional Research Service reported in July . "  Most recently , a news article discussing an incident in which a Blackwater guard shot dead an Iraqi driver in May 2007 quoted an Iraqi official 's statement that the Iraqi Interior Ministry had received four previous complaints of shootings involving Blackwater employees , " the congressional service report said . The Congressional Research Service report cited other concerns , such as "  the apparent lack of a practical means to hold contractors accountable under U.S. law for abuses and other transgressions and the possibility that they could be prosecuted by foreign courts . " The reported added , "  Iraqi courts do not have jurisdiction to prosecute contractors without the permission of the relevant member country of the Multi-National Forces in Iraq . " Contractors fall under Justice Department and FBI jurisdiction for alleged crimes , said a Pentagon official , who confirmed the accuracy of the congressional report . Other developments CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Elise Labott , Cal Perry , Suzanne Simons , Barbara Starr and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Blackwater says its employees acted in self-defense Iraq blames the U.S. security firm for Sunday gunfight that killed eight civilians Condoleezza Rice calls Iraqi prime minister to discuss gunbattle Incident began when Western-style convoy came under fire in Baghdad
CNN  -- A-list celebrities and big pay packets are overflowing in the Paris Saint-Germain dressing room , but you wo n't find Zlatan Ibrahimovic complaining . In fact he is absolutely delighted that David Beckham has joined him at PSG . Was it because of Beckham 's ability to hit pinpoint crosses and corner kicks ? That helps . But mostly Beckham 's arrival in the French capital has meant the paparazzi are leaving Ibrahimovic in peace . The 31-year-old Swede was sold to PSG from AC Milan as part of a summer clear-out by the Italian club while Beckham , one of the most recognized people in the world , signed with the French club on a free transfer in January . "  I think it 's good for me that Beckham came so he gets more attention than me , so they leave me a little bit alone , " Ibrahimovic told CNN . "  Since I came here , everybody said do n't worry , as a football player you can walk in the city and nobody will disturb you because as a football player it is not like it is in Italy . "  But since the day I came here it 's been totally stressful . Everybody is chasing me with their scooters . I do n't even walk in the streets . "  So when David came he got more of the media  attention  . That 's good because he takes care of that and I can play football and focus on football . " When PSG signed Beckham , many said the move was simply an exercise in public relations meant to bolster the profile of the team , which is backed by wealthy Qatari owners -- the Qatar Investment Authority . But Beckham has been frequently used by PSG coach Carlo Ancelotti , though the Englishman was criticized by the French press for his performance against Barcelona -- one of Ibrahimovic 's former teams -- in the Champions League quarterfinals last week when the sides played to a 2-2 first-leg tie in Paris . A surprise starter , Beckham was substituted with 20 minutes remaining . Experience However Ibrahimovic believes that the former England captain 's experience will help PSG as it seeks to upset Barcelona and also claim the French league title for the first time since 1994 . "  I think he has been very important for us , " Ibrahimovic said . "  The club has been changing from a normal club to a top club and Beckham gives you some kind of confidence . "  He has a quality , big quality . He has a touch that I have n't seen many players have . And he is very elegant when he plays . " Despite the criticism leveled at Beckham , Ancelotti has said he would once again start the midfielder in Wednesday 's second leg . If the game at the Camp Nou is as dramatic as the first leg at the Parc des Princest , fans should expect a memorable evening . After Lionel Messi gave Barca a first-half lead , Ibrahimovic drew PSG level from an offside position in the 79th minute before Xavi restored the visitors ' one-goal advantage with an 89th minute penalty . But instead of the visitor walking away with a 2-1 victory , Blaise Matuidi boosted PSG 's second-leg prospects with a deflected effort four minutes into injury time . Another boost for PSG would come if Messi does n't play Wednesday , and he is a doubt after sustaining a hamstring injury in the first leg . After the first leg , Barcelona lodged an official complaint to UEFA , angered about the standard of refereeing . Besides Ibrahimovic 's offside goal , the Catalans were upset that German referee Wolfgang Stark allowed play to continue when Javier Mascherano and Jordi Alba collided in the second half , leaving both Barcelona defenders prone on the ground . Bayern Munich will be favored to advance against Juventus in Wednesday 's other quarterfinal second leg , holding a 2-0 advantage . Real Madrid and Borussia Dortmund progressed Tuesday to reach the semifinals .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic says less people chase him now that David Beckham is around Ibrahimovic joined PSG in the summer and Beckham arrived in January Ibrahimovic says Beckham 's experience will help PSG for the rest of the season PSG visits Barcelona in the Champions League quarterfinals Wednesday
CNN  -- Upgrading to the new Windows 8 operating system is not nearly as complicated as it looks , despite Microsoft 's sometimes muddled marketing . Getting used to using it is a different story . At midnight Thursday , Microsoft 's newest operating system is finally on sale . With more than a billion users , Microsoft 's Windows is the dominant PC platform in the world . This launch is a big moment for the company , which is trying to keep those users from leaving for more mobile friendly competitors . CNNMoney : Windows 8 -- Microsoft 's biggest gamble Here are the basics for regular , non-techy Windows users curious about getting started with Windows 8 . What is Windows 8 ? Windows 8 is Microsoft 's latest operating system . It features touchscreen capabilities and a drastically different interface , and runs on tablets as well as PCs . It can be controlled entirely by touch  on compatible devices  , with a mouse and keyboard , or by any combination of your preferred input options . The operating system is a daring effort by Microsoft to stay relevant as PCs are being overtaken by mobile devices . Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android operating systems are dominating the tablet and smartphone market , and Microsoft is attempting something big , different and risky to catch up . This is Microsoft 's first operating system since the well-received Windows 7 was released three years ago . It is a complete reimagining of the desktop computer interface , but it is built on the same base as Windows 7 , so all your old applications should continue to work just fine .  Except on devices running Windows RT. . More on that later . What 's different in this operating system ? The biggest change in Windows 8 is a system-wide shift in attitude . Apple products have the reputation for being fun and creative , Windows PCs for being dull but hardworking . One brand screams "  Angry Birds , " the other Excel spreadsheets . Microsoft wants Windows to be hip and enjoyable to use , so it has come up with its own tablet-style interface and tried to make it work on tablets as well as PCs . At its best , the result adds some much needed life to an all-work-and-no-play operating system . At its worst , Windows 8 feels like two creatures hastily thrown together , Ã la CatDog . One interface feels better with a touchscreen and gestures , the other with a keyboard and mouse or touchpad . The familiar desktop view has been pushed to the background to make room for a colorful , touchable , swipeable Start Screen , which acts as your home base . When you start the computer , you 'll be greeted with a jazzy array of square and rectangle tiles representing applications , arranged into groups . The tiles can show live information such as your latest e-mail , breaking news , photos , the weather or calendar reminders . This side of Windows 8 runs apps developed for and sold in the Windows Store . But you can also click on a traditional Windows application and it will open it in the desktop view . Windows 8 review : A big , beautiful , slightly shaky step forward Back on the old desktop view , the most visible change is that the Start button is gone . All your old applications look and feel the same in this retro world , though tapping on buttons designed for a mouse can be tricky . If you get confused , and you will in the beginning , one swipe from the right side of the Start Screen brings up a search tool to help you track down files or applications . Some Windows users will scoff at the attempts to liven up the old system as pandering to more casual computer users , or as somehow making the system less capable of serious work . But there are also many subtle , under-the-hood changes , including performance improvements . Most notably , the startup time is greatly improved over Windows 7 . There also is a new feature called Storage Spaces that makes it easy to manage your various storage and backup options . Who should update to Windows 8 ? The first version of a new operating system is bound to have bugs and issues . Individual Windows users , especially those with just one machine who depend on it for work or school , should not rush right out for that upgrade . Wait until a more stable version comes along that irons out early problems . If you have an non-touchscreen computer , the switch may not be worth it unless you need the under-the-hood improvements . The operating system works on regular computers that do n't have touchscreens , but they miss the best parts of the experience . The Start Screen and new tiled interface are n't nearly as satisfying when you can only click on them with a mouse  a touchpad is slightly better  . If you are a diehard Windows fan , or just a tech-savvy computer user familiar with the perils of being an early adopter , you 'll just need to make sure your current computer meets the system requirements . If you want to buy a new computer , there are already a large number of touchscreen options pre-loaded with Windows 8 from major manufacturers , including Samsung , Sony , Dell and Toshiba . There are ultrabooks , tablets , hybrids and desktops at all prices . There is plenty of hardware available at launch , but the Windows Store software selection is still a bit sparse . Corporate users are usually slower to upgrade their workforces to a new operating system , and without a compelling reason to switch to Windows 8 , that will likely be the case this time as well . A recent report from technology research firm Gartner predicts 90 % of enterprises will wait to upgrade to Windows 8 until 2015 . Companies that depend heavily on mobile devices might be the exception . Which version of Windows should I get ? There are four versions of the new Windows operating system : Windows 8 , Windows 8 Pro , and Windows RT and Windows 8 Enterprise . While that may seem like a lot , it 's actually fewer versions than Windows has offered for its operating systems in the past . Luckily , the decision of which to buy is pretty much made for you . If you are an individual upgrading an existing computer , your only option at the moment is Windows 8 Pro . The basic consumer version of Windows 8 will not be available for standalone purchase until February 2 , 2013 . For now , Windows RT and the basic version of Windows 8 are only available pre-installed on new computers . The differences between Windows 8 and Windows 8 Pro are minor . The big decision you 'll have to make when buying a new system is if you want a Windows 8 or Windows RT device . Windows RT is a different version created for devices with ARM processers . These processers , typically found in phones and tablets , use less power , which means longer battery life . At the moment , Windows RT is only available pre-installed on Microsoft 's new Surface tablet and a handful of other devices . CNNMoney : In Windows 8 , the iPad has its first real challenger Windows RT and Windows 8 look the same , but there 's one key difference : Windows RT will not run your old Windows applications , only applications available through the Windows Store . That means no downloading any third-party apps from the Internet . The Windows Store has 5,000 apps in stock , but that number should grow over time . This closed approach is similar to the iPad and iPhone , which can only run applications sold through Apple 's App Store . Finally , are you a large company planning on buying a large number of licenses ? If yes , check out Windows 8 Enterprise . Is Windows 8 difficult to learn ? Windows 8 presents a completely new approach to using a Windows computer , and as with anything radically new , it takes some getting used to . Do not upgrade unless you can spare some time to familiarize yourself with the layout and settings . The new look borrows heavily from the iOS and Android mobile operating systems , but is n't nearly as intuitive . Before you get scared off , know that it 's not that hard to figure out the new system . It just takes a bit of effort and time , like learning any new program would . Microsoft took a big leap and created something new . Getting acclimatized is just a natural part of the process . Some stores selling the Windows 8 products are offering classes . Staples , for example , will have free personalized training on the new system , as well as help moving old data over to a new computer . How much does it cost ? Microsoft is dropping the $ 200 price of Windows 8 Pro for its big debut . Existing WIndows 7 , WIndows Vista and WIndows XP  with SP3  users can upgrade to Windows 8 Pro for $ 40 online . If you 'd prefer a physical copy shipped to you in a nice box , the price goes up to $ 70 . The deal is good through the end of January .	The new Windows 8 operating system is available after midnight Thursday It can be downloaded online , shipped or you can buy a new computer with it pre-installed The new interface , which is for tablets and PCs , is fun but takes some getting used to Existing Windows users can upgrade for $ 40 online
Travel + Leisure  -- With airports from New York to Sydney getting upgrades , Travel + Leisure picks our favorite restaurants , bars , lounges , shops and spas . Travelers can tuck into skirt steak tacos at Bonfire , a Todd English restaurant in Terminal B of Boston 's Logan International Airport . RESTAURANTS Boston : Bonfire , Logan International Airport Todd English continues to expand his empire with the third outpost of his South American-inspired steak house , Bonfire , at Terminal B. Grilled chicharrones  crispy pork in chimichurri sauce  and skirt steak topped with chipotle aioli and avocado crema are standouts . bonfiresteakhouse.com . London : Plane Restaurant , Heathrow Airport Gordon Ramsay 's first airport restaurant opens this month in Terminal 5 . In addition to a Michelin star-worthy menu  braised pork cheeks with honey and cloves and brioche French toast with treacle-cured bacon in the mornings  , travelers can opt for special "  picnics " - to-go . baa.com . Stockholm : Max , Arlanda Airport A cross between In-N-Out Burger and McDonald 's , Max is a family-run Swedish fast-food chain that dates back to 1968 . Now it has brought its brand of trans-fat-free , made-to-order Swedish burgers and crispy fries to the capital 's airport  Terminal 4  . For those trying to stay fit while on the road , there 's the Delifresh menu , including a chicken burger served with fresh fruit salad . max.se . BARS Copenhagen : Nørrebro Bryghus , Copenhagen Airport Denmark has experienced an artisanal beer resurgence in the last few years with the opening of 25 new microbreweries . Ushering in a new era is the Nørrebro Bryghus , whose owner Anders Kissmeyer recently opened a branch between terminals 2 and 3  before security  . Always on tap : four different Danish seasonal , handcrafted beers served at its stainless-steel bar . cph.dk . New York : Vino Volo , JFK This contemporary wine bar recently launched a fifth airport location at American Airlines ' Terminal 8 . The dimly lit , cream - and brown-tinged venue stocks bottles from around the world , including little-known vintages from the Hudson River Valley . vinovolo.com . Singapore : Post Bar , Changi Airport Taking design cues from its namesake older sibling in the Fullerton Hotel , the just-opened Post Bar in Terminal 3 mixes traditional and modern design elements  retro Artichoke lamps ; an illuminated honey-onyx bar  . The best part ? It 's open 24 hours a day . fullertonhotel.com . LOUNGES Geneva : Swiss Lounges , Geneva International Airport When it came to designing new lounges for Geneva Airport , Swiss Air stuck to what it knows best -- being Swiss . More than 10 tons of limestone from the Jura Mountains were used in the construction , the menu consists of national dishes such as älplermakkaroni  Alpine-style macaroni-and-cheese  , and the chocolate leather chairs and sofas were produced by Vitra  though designed by Londoner Jasper Morrison  . swiss.com . Los Angeles : Oneworld , LAX San Francisco-based Gensler Architects  currently at work on JFK 's new JetBlue terminal  have created a 15,000-square-foot eco-lounge that evokes a contemporary California-cool vibe , with sea grass-resin panels , chiseled limestone walls , B&B Italia chairs and walnut-wood partitions . First - and business-class passengers can freshen up in one of nine shower suites . lawa.org/lax . Munich : Lufthansa , Munich Airport International Passengers at the new Lufthansa first-class lounge in Munich can expect red-carpet treatment : in-lounge security and separate passport control  no long lines  , and a chauffeured Mercedes-Benz S-Class or Porsche Cayenne to take travelers directly to their aircraft . The two-story , 9,000-square-foot lounge also includes a white-marble and oak bathroom with three showers , a Jacuzzi and Dr. Hauschka products . lufthansa.com . Sydney : Qantas , Sydney Airport Australia 's premier interior and furniture designer , Marc Newson , has put his futuristic feng shui touch on the carrier 's new first-class lounge . A brilliant wall of 8,400 plants offsets a striking all-white entrance . Once inside , you 'll find a 48-seat Neil Perry restaurant . sydneyairport.com.au . SHOPS London : Harrods , Heathrow International Airport Among the 30-plus new shops at Terminal 5 will be an 11,000-square-foot Harrods . The outpost of this shopping institution plans to stock high-end labels such as Anya Hindmarch , Pucci and Luella when it opens in March . baa.com . Tokyo : Fifth Avenue , Narita International Airport Do n't expect traditional sake sets at Fifth Avenue , the latest duty-free mall to open at Japan 's international airport . Instead , spend your leftover yen at one of eight designer boutiques : Bulgari , Burberry , Cartier , Coach , Gucci , Hermès , Salvatore Ferragamo and Tiffany & Co. narita-airport . jp/en . SPAS Amsterdam : XpresSpa , Schiphol The U.S.-based spa has made its first foray into Europe , bringing signature massage loungers and manicure stations to Level 2 of Schiphol . Indulge in a quick manicure or pedicure , or try an olive-oil and - leaf mask . There 's also a full range of waxing and UV nail enhancements and gentleman 's facials . xpresspa.com . Hong Kong : OM Spa , Hong Kong International Airport A long layover in Hong Kong is now a blessing in disguise , thanks to the opening of the OM Spa at the Regal Airport Hotel . The contemporary space is equipped with mosaic steam rooms and outdoor massage beds . Choose from more than 30 treatments , including seed scrubs and jasmine milk baths and take a dip in the hotel 's 70-foot-long indoor and outdoor pools . regalhotel.com . London : Elemis Travel Spa , Heathrow International Airport British Airways passengers at Terminal 5 need just 15 minutes to be fully reinvigorated . London-based Elemis has partnered with British Airways at their new lounges  or , as BA calls them , "  galleries "  . The four signature treatments  including a scalp , hand and foot massage , and a facial  start with a lime-infused compress and take place in a state-of-the-art heated massage chair . elemis.com . E-mail to a friend Planning a romantic escape ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the 50 Best Romantic Getaways . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Gordon Ramsay 's first airport restaurant opens soon in London 's Heathrow Vino Volo , in New York 's JFK airport , stocks wines from around the world OM Spa at Hong Kong 's Regal Airport Hotel offers more than 30 treatments
London  CNN  -- Peaches Geldof , the daughter of musician Bob Geldof and the late Paula Yates , died of a heroin overdose after relapsing into use of the illegal drug following attempts to give it up , an inquest heard Wednesday . The death of the 25-year-old TV host in April at her home in Wrotham , Kent , southeast of London , shocked the entertainment world . Detective Chief Inspector Paul Fotheringham of Kent police told the inquest that Geldof had been addicted to heroin for a number of years but had ceased taking the drug more recently . Geldof , who had two children younger than 2 , had been supported by drug treatment workers for 2Â 1/2 years , being prescribed methadone , he said . She had said she wanted to come off methadone completely and was following a reduction plan . A drug test in November indicated that she was not taking any illegal drugs , he said . However , in February , witnesses reported suspicions that she had started using heroin again . High-grade heroin Fotheringham 's report to the inquest gave new details of Geldof 's death . Police who searched the house where she died found a black cloth bag hidden in a cupboard above the door of a spare bedroom , he said . Inside was a bag containing what tests proved to be heroin as well as a bag of citric acid , used to make the heroin more soluble in water for injection , according to the report . The bag also held dozens of syringes , some sealed while others contained traces of a brown residue , alcohol wipes , cotton buds and cards advertising a needle exchange in central London . According to a police drug expert , PC Adrian Parsons , the heroin found was of "  importation quality " -- that is , with a purity of 61 % , compared with the average 26 % purity found at street level . The 6.91 grams  about a quarter-ounce  recovered would have been worth Â # 350 to Â # 550  about $ 600 to $ 940  , Fotheringham said . Burnt spoon , knotted tights Geldof was discovered sitting slumped on a bed in the spare bedroom by her husband , rock musician Tom Cohen , who went to their home after he became concerned when he could n't contact her . The couple 's younger son , Phaedra , was in the house at the time , having been dropped off by Cohen 's father the previous afternoon . The musician had taken both children to spend the weekend at his parents ' home . A pair of knotted black tights was found under her body , and a burnt spoon containing a small amount of a brown residue in the bowl was found under the bed , Fotheringham said . The tights could have been used as a tourniquet while she was injecting the drug . An autopsy also found evidence of recent puncture marks on the inside of both elbows and on her left hand . The inquest heard that tests by a forensic scientist suggested recent use of the drug , resulting in a "  high " concentration of heroin in Geldof 's body , which was "  at the end of the range of values at which fatalities have occurred . " She was not under the influence of alcohol at the time of her death , tests revealed . Nor had she taken a significant amount of any other substances in the hours leading up to her death . Reduced tolerance ? The scientist 's report notes that people using heroin regularly "  develop a tolerance to the drug , and such individuals can use doses that would be toxic , or fatal , to people with no tolerance . " But it adds that tolerance "  appears to be lost fairly rapidly when users cease to use the drug , and deaths commonly occur in people who have previously been tolerant and have returned to using heroin . " Fotheringham 's report concluded , "  There is no indication that any other third party was present or involved in her death and there is no indication that Peaches intended to take her own life or harm herself in any way as she was reported to be of happy disposition and planning for the future with friends and family . " Geldof was 11 years old when her mother died of a drug overdose . Kent police continue to investigate who supplied the heroin to Geldof , but no arrests have been made . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Puncture marks found on Peaches Geldof 's arms and one hand , an inquest hears Geldof had been addicted to heroin for a number of years but tried to give it up She had been on a methadone program , an inquest hears Police found heroin in her home of a much greater purity than average found on the street
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- A perilous face-off intensified Saturday when Russia state news complained that Ukraine had mobilized 15,000 troops in the suburbs of Slavyansk in eastern Ukraine "  in order to wipe out the city and its residents . " Quoting a Russian Defense Ministry source , RIA Novosti said satellite photos showed the force forming around the city that has become a friction point between the Ukraine military and pro-Russian militants . The Defense Ministry source said the number of Ukraine troops put the pro-Russian militants at a disadvantage because the latter are "  armed only with small amount of pistols and shotguns . " Many eastern Ukraine residents have Russian roots and sympathize with Moscow . The source said the photos showed about 160 tanks , 230 infantry combat vehicles and armored personnel carriers , mine throwers and multiple-launch rocket systems . Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly criticized Kiev 's use of force against Ukrainian civilians . Developments in Ukraine have come at a rapid pace in recent days : -- Russia , which already had 40,000 troops on its side of the border , started new military drills a few days ago after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants . Ukraine launched the second stage of an "  anti-terrorist operation " against militants in Slavyansk . -- On Friday , a team of European and Ukrainian military observers were seized Friday by pro-Russian separatists in Slavyansk . -- Russian military aircraft "  crossed and violated " Ukrainian airspace seven times overnight , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk told reporters in Rome on Saturday . The Russian Defense Ministry denied the accusation , according to the state news agency Itar-Tass . -- Yatsenyuk met with Pope Francis while in Rome on Saturday . The meeting has been seen as a sign of support from the Vatican for his government . -- G7 leaders said they would impose new sanctions on Russia over its role in the crisis . The Ukrainian Prime Minister urged Russia to pull back its security forces and not to support pro-Russian militants in eastern and southern Ukraine . "  We urge Russia to leave us alone , " he said in televised remarks . Ukraine 's government has promised constitutional reforms and protections for Russian speakers in a bid to ease the tensions in its eastern regions . Inspectors seized in Slavyansk On Saturday , the fate of the military inspectors preoccupied world leaders . The inspectors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe were detained Friday as they entered Slavyansk , along with five Ukrainian military representatives and the driver of their bus , Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said . Ukraine 's Security Service , the SBU , said the group is being kept under "  inhumane conditions " in the basement of a building held by the militants . The self-declared mayor of Slavyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomarev , told reporters that one of the "  prisoners " has diabetes , but he has the medicine he needs and will be given his own quarters overnight . Separatist leader Denis Pushilin , self-declared chairman of the so-called "  Donetsk People 's Republic , " told CNN he does n't believe they are from the OSCE , but that some are NATO spies . The German Foreign Office said it had set up an emergency task force to find out what has happened to the team members , four of whom are German . The others are from Denmark , Poland , Bulgaria and the Czech Republic , Russian state media said . The OSCE mission in Ukraine is tasked with helping to implement an international agreement signed nine days ago in Switzerland , which called for illegal militia groups to disarm and leave occupied buildings , among other provisions . In a phone call with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov asked the United States to use its influence to secure the release of pro-Russian leaders being held in Ukraine . Kerry urged Russia to support efforts of the OSCE and the government of Ukraine to liberate the inspectors and their Ukrainian guides , according to a senior State Department official . Targeted sanctions Against the backdrop of increasing volatility in Ukraine , leaders of the G7 industrialized nations on Friday announced they would "  move swiftly to impose additional sanctions on Russia " over its actions in Ukraine . The statement from the group -- which includes Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States -- came hours after U.S. President Barack Obama threatened Russia with new sanctions . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Andrew Carey and Nick Paton Walsh in Slavyansk and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev contributed to this report . CNN 's Alex Felton , Bharati Naik , Ben Brumfield and Boriana Milanova also contributed .	Russian state news says 15,000 Ukrainian troops in eastern Ukraine Self-declared mayor of Slavyansk says diabetic hostage has the medicine he needs Ukraine 's Security Service says OSCE team is being held in "  inhumane conditions " U.S. official says planned U.S. sanctions "  can have a significant impact " on Russia
The naked celebrities seem to be everywhere lately . Last week , hackers allegedly stole nude photos from actress Scarlett Johansson and then plastered them all over the Internet . Before then it was the rapper Kreayshawn , who wrote on her blog that her Twitter account was hacked in August when naked photos of her showed up there . In March , Vanessa Hudgens of "  High School Musical " underwent a similar ordeal after photos were reportedly stolen from her Gmail account . Finally , in December , police in Germany alleged two young men had used computer-hacking skills to get access to the e-mail accounts and photos of more than 50 celebrities , according to Britain 's The Telegraph , including the likes of Lady Gaga and Ke $ ha . In the wake of all this juicy Hollywood hoopla , people have started to assume these photo leaks are the newest front in the so-called "  hacktivist " wars , as waged by big-name hacking rings such as Anonymous and LulzSec . Those groups have claimed responsibility for taking down bank and government websites . But security experts said connections between celeb hacks and groups such as Anonymous are thin or nonexistent . Such groups "  would feel this kind of thing is beneath them , " said Graham Cluley , a senior technology consultant at Sophos , a computer security company . "  It 's obviously to gain media exposure , right ? " said Kevin Mitnick , a hacker turned security consultant and author of "  Ghost in the Wires . " "  It 's like everyone is trying to one-up Anonymous and one-up LulzSec . So somehow celebrities are becoming a target . " The celebrity hacks are n't sophisticated , he said . He added : "  It 's not surprising to me . It 's , like , old news . " The first real case of a celebrity attack was in 2005 when hackers logged into Paris Hilton 's phone and stole photos of her , said Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at F-Secure , another computer security company . Those hackers reportedly were able to break into Hilton 's phone by correctly guessing the not-so-secret answer to her security question , which was "  tinkerbell , " the name of her pet Chihuahua . The real issue here , the researchers said , is the prevalence , and accessibility of , nude photos . If celebrities did n't take and store nude photos of themselves on their phones or on computers , they would n't be stolen and published online . "  Everyone has a camera on them all the time , so the tendency to send something kinky to that hot guy you 're trying to date might be too great , " said Cluley , who , coincidentally enough , writes a blog called "  Naked Security " for Sophos . His advice : "  If you see someone pointing a camera at you and you 're not wearing any clothes , go and hide behind the wardrobe . " Who is behind the recent string of stolen celebrity photos -- and how exactly they got them -- remains unclear . The FBI office in Los Angeles has opened an investigation into the incidents of computer hacking but declined to elaborate on the cases involved . Some people have pointed to a supposedly new hacker ring called Hollywood Leaks , which operates a Twitter feed to discuss these sorts of incidents . On Monday , the group wrote that it did n't have anything to do with the Johansson photos : "  WE DID NOT LEAK THE SCARLETT JOHANSSON PICS , WE WOULD HAVE RELEASED IT HERE FIRST ! So stop the speculating ! " the group wrote . "  I do n't think there 's a clear link " between the celebrity hacks and hacking groups such as Anonymous and LulzSec , said Hypponen , "  but obviously these groups are amoebas , and they change shape and they 're so different from each other . " Their motives are also unclear . As a teenager , Mitnick said he used to make a game out of hunting down celebrity phone numbers and then calling them .  He remembers saying this to Lucille Ball , whose number he found : "  Hey , Lucy , oh hi . I just wanted to let you know I 'm a really big fan of your show . I wo n't call you again -- do n't worry . " And then he hung up  . He sees the celebrity photo stealing as an extension of this sort of pranksterism . The hackers are likely out for money , said Cluley , since these photos could be sold to tabloid or adult websites . Or celebs could be leaking the photos to get attention . "  I think we have to consider that as a possibility , " he said . Flip that argument around , and you 'll notice hackers have become a popular scapegoat for celebrities and politicians who spill information by accident . Remember former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner ? When nude photos of the New York congressman surfaced on Twitter , "  he initially blamed a hacker , " Cluley said . "  It was n't so much the picture of him in his pants that did him in . it was more the cover-up . " Weiner later admitted to sending the photos himself and resigned . If one thing 's clear , it 's that this kind of celebrity hack is n't going away soon . "  It 's going to escalate , " Hypponen said . "  After people saw what happened to Scarlett Johansson , you can damn well bet there are people out there who are trying to do the same thing to other pretty actresses . " Well , at least until the pretty actresses stop taking nude photos .	Hackers have been stealing and posting photos of naked celebrities It 's unclear who is behind the attacks and what their motives are Experts say these attacks are "  beneath " big-name hacking groups such as Anonymous The attacks are n't especially new , but they appear to be escalating
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- In the year 2050 , if Ray Kurzweil is right , nanoscopic robots will be zooming throughout our capillaries , transforming us into nonbiological humans . We will be able to absorb and retain the entirety of the universe 's knowledge , eat as much as we want without gaining weight , shape-shift into just about any physical form imaginable , live free from disease and die at the time of our choosing . All of this will be thrust on us by something that Kurzweil calls the Singularity , a theorized point in time in the not-so-distant future when machines become vastly superior to humans in every way , aka the emergence of true artificial intelligence . Computers will be able to improve their own source codes and hardware in ways we puny humans could never conceive . This will result in a paradigm shift that sees mankind coalescing with its own creations : man and machine , merging into one . These grand-scale premonitions are largely based on Kurzweil 's law of accelerating returns , which states that the development of technology has been increasing exponentially since the beginning of time . That concept is n't really compelling to the masses until one focuses on the "  knee " of this exponential curve -- the point where the perpetual doubling of technological growth skyrockets and negates the linear models of progress that people like economists have relied on for so long . Kurzweil says we 're just about to start rounding this bend and that the rate of progress will be so great it will "  appear to rupture the fabric of human history . " In other words , we will trump nature and take control of our own evolution . Kurzweil 's magnum opus , "  The Singularity Is Near : When Humans Transcend Biology , " outlines the implications of this transition in a way that is simultaneously believable , terrifying , meticulous and mind-bendingly absurd . It was published in 2005 . That may seem like only a short time ago , but an incoming technological explosion of nuclear proportions is n't so far-fetched when you consider everything that 's changed just between then and now . Twitter , iPhones , the comment on the Facebook wall as the new pickup line ? The devices and programs we were using four years ago already seem outdated . "  Transcendent Man , " a documentary about Kurzweil by filmmaker Barry Ptolemy that was released digitally last week , offers a revealing glimpse inside Kurzweil 's mind and elaborates on some of the ideas found in "  The Singularity is Near . " See the rest of "  The Singularity of Ray Kurzweil " at Motherboard.tv People like to tag Kurzweil as the "  rightful heir to Thomas Edison , " and that 's not a stretch considering he 's responsible for some of the most useful inventions of the past century . An optical-character-recognition machine for the blind that 's capable of reading most types of printed text aloud , the CCD flatbed scanner , speech-recognition software , the first synthesizer that created sounds virtually indistinguishable from those produced by their acoustic counterparts , and a whole bunch of other nifty things we can barely comprehend came from Ray 's brain . When I met Kurzweil at his office in Boston , he was dressed in a slightly crumpled navy suit jacket and slacks . As he emerged from the columns of books surrounding his desk , he seemed almost meek and startled even though he had postponed our interview by over half an hour . But after speaking with him for two minutes I would n't have been surprised if he told me that he had already received artificial neural enhancements and other biological upgrades . His intelligence operates on a higher plane , but his true gift is the ability to distill his complex theories into easily digestible terms . Regardless if you agree with Kurzweil 's ideas , he certainly knows more than a few things that the majority of us do n't . We 'd be really foolish not to listen as closely as possible .	Ray Kurzweil is an inventor , entrepreneur , author and futurist He predicts future in which technology will become superior to humans Point at which man and machine merge into one is referred to by Kurzweil as "  singularity "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama were improperly breached , apparently by employees of the cell phone company , his transition team said Thursday . An Obama spokesman said the transition team was told employees at Verizon Wireless looked through billing records . Spokesman Robert Gibbs said the team was notified Wednesday by Verizon Wireless that it appears an employee improperly went through billing records for the phone , which Gibbs said Obama no longer uses . In an internal company e-mail obtained by CNN , Verizon Wireless President and CEO Lowell McAdam disclosed Wednesday that "  the personal wireless account of President-elect Barack Obama had been accessed by employees not authorized to do so " in recent months . McAdam wrote in the e-mail that the phone in question has been inactive for "  several months " and was a simple voice flip-phone , meaning none of Obama 's e-mail could have been accessed . The CEO also wrote the company has alerted "  the appropriate federal law enforcement authorities . " Gibbs said that while the Secret Service has been notified , he is not aware of any criminal investigation . He said he believes it was billing records that were accessed . Gibbs said that anyone viewing the records likely would have been able to see phone numbers and the frequency of calls Obama made , but that "  nobody was monitoring voicemail or anything like that . " Verizon Wireless , meanwhile , has launched an internal probe to determine whether Obama 's information was simply shared among employees or whether "  the information of our customer had in any way been compromised outside our company , and this investigation continues , " according to McAdam . In the e-mail , McAdam said that employees who were permitted access to these records will be allowed to return to work , but employees who accessed the account for "  anything other than legitimate business purposes will face disciplinary action , up to and including termination . " CNN White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Internal Verizon e-mail says no e-mail accessible on phone Obama spokesman says Verizon Wireless employee accessed billing records Spokesman says the phone is old and Obama no longer uses it No indication any calls were monitored or voicemails improperly accessed
Teresopolis , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from flooding caused by torrential rains in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state rose to 591 people Saturday , Brazil 's official news agency reported . Most of the deaths were reported in the cities of Nova Friburgo and Teresopolis , located in a mountainous region northeast of Rio , according to Agencia Brasil . Rescuers have not been able to reach some hard-hit areas and many more people are feared dead , the agency said Friday . The rain is predicted to continue for several days in areas already submerged in water or slathered with mud . Thousands of families are still living on mountain slopes or on riverbanks and face extreme risk of being washed away . One resident described the disaster as a tsunami that fell from the sky . Chaos reigned in the especially hard-hit city of Teresopolis , where some residents donned masks and helped clean streets or deliver first aid . Others combed the city , searching desperately for missing loved ones . Schools and police stations turned into overflowing morgues , where people waited to identify their family and friends . Municipal worker Reginald de Oliveira came to see if he could find the body of his uncle , missing in the floods . He was trying to save his family when a wall of water washed him away . Red Cross volunteer Maria Helena de Jesus was helping with first aid . "  You have to almost have a heart of stone , " she said . "  It was very difficult . " Teresopolis Mayor Jorge Mario Sedlacek declared his city a natural disaster area . At least 257 people died in Teresopolis , while 267 were killed in the town of Nova Friburgo , Agencia Brasil reported . President Dilma Rousseff flew over flood-affected areas Thursday and landed in a slushy , trash-littered soccer field in Friburgo , the agency said . The floods are her first test as president . She trudged through mud in her rain boots to talk to residents in a neighborhood where four of seven firefighters attempting to rescue people had been buried under mud . Three others were pulled out alive . "  We are going to take firm action , " to help the devastated areas , said Rousseff , who assumed office at the first of the year . Brazilian authorities have been criticized for a lack of disaster planning and allowing people to build homes in areas known to become treacherous in the rainy season . They are under increasing pressure to show a strong response . Brazil is scheduled to host the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 . With more rain forecast , Brazilian authorities have ordered evacuations for at least 5,000 families living in especially perilous areas in Rio de Janeiro state , Agencia Brasil said . Another 3,000 families from a mountainous region were homeless and sheltered in schools and gymnasiums , the news agency said . "  The most important thing right now is to assist the homeless population and reach the most critical points , " said Rodrigo Neves , the state secretary of Social Welfare and Human Rights . State health officials pleaded for people to donate blood that will be sent to the Serrana region , where only 36 units of blood remained for treatment of flood victims . Rain has affected neighboring Sao Paulo as well , killing 24 people there , authorities said . Journalists Fabiana Frayssinet and Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	Most of the deaths occurred in hard-hit cities of Teresopolis and Nova Friburgo Officials fear more may be dead in the flooding in Rio de Janeiro state Rain is predicted to continue for several days
