CNN  -- It was n't enough for Gregory Scott Hale to kill his victim , authorities say . He also chopped off her head , her hands , her feet . Buried her torso in a burn pile outside his south-central Tennessee home . And -- by his own admission -- ate some of her remains , according to the affidavit filed against him . According to the same document , Hale confessed to the killing of the 36-year-old woman , identified as Lisa Hyder by Capt. Frank Watkins of the Coffee County , Tennessee , Sheriff 's Department . "  Lisa was a sweet girl , a very pretty girl , " her friend and neighbor Vicki Keenan told CNN affiliate WSMV . " ... It 's got to be a very sick mind to do something like that . " There 's no indication Hale and Hyder knew each other before she was killed , apparently on Friday , said Watkins , who added that authorities do n't have any reason yet to believe Hale had done this before . Authorities learned about the apparently random crime on Sunday and arrested Hale a day later . The affidavit says after killing her , the 37-year-old man put her slashed-off head and hands in a plastic bucket . Her feet and other cut-off body parts went into another bucket . It was not known who , if anyone right now , is legally representing the accused . Numerous CNN calls placed Tuesday to his relatives and associates were not immediately returned . Hale is being held in Tennessee on $ 1.5 million bond related to charges of first-degree murder and abuse of a corpse . His next scheduled court date is June 23 . Man who plotted to kill and eat children gets more than 26 years in prison	Gregory Scott Hale , 37 , is arrested on murder , corpse abuse charges Authorities say he admitted killing a woman , eating some of her remains Affidavit : Hale cut off his victim 's head , hands and feet and buried her torso Official : No indication the suspect and the slain woman knew each other
New York  CNN  -- The mother of a man who died while honeymooning on a cruise in 2005 has new hope that the mystery surrounding his death will be solved after the FBI 's New York office agreed to review the case . "  The tide is turning , I think , now , " Maureen Smith , the mother of George Smith , told CNN on Tuesday . "  With their resources we are going to be charging ahead . " George Smith , 26 , went overboard from the Royal Caribbean ship Brilliance of the Seas on July 5 , 2005 , at 4:30 a.m. , according to Smith family attorney Michael Jones . His wife , Jennifer Hagel-Smith , was found passed out in a hallway of the cruise ship that morning , Jones said . Investigators found blood on the sheets in the Smiths ' room and on the canopy over the lifeboats , about a 20 - to 30-foot fall from Smiths ' stateroom , the attorney said . A four-fingered bloody handprint was found on the ship 's edge , where it appears Smith had been holding on before he descended into the water , Jones told CNN . The Smith family has long held the belief that George was murdered . "  It 's very difficult , and we have had many obstacles put in our path , but we are still here and we are still fighting , " Maureen Smith said . Jim Margolin , a spokesman for the FBI 's New York office , told CNN the office was reviewing the matter . A statement Tuesday from Royal Caribbean International emphasized the cruise line has consistently "  provided unfettered support , assistance and cooperation to the FBI , including the provision of all documents and materials that were requested . "  As part of these efforts , Royal Caribbean assembled over 6,000 pages of documents covering its investigation of the disappearance of Mr. Smith and made all this information available to the FBI . The company has worked closely with all law enforcement agencies including the FBI and remains readily available to them if there is any further inquiry into the matter , " the statement said . Jones said the family had been seeking the transfer of jurisdiction from the FBI 's Connecticut office to the agency 's New York bureau for almost two years , after a video surfaced that showed at least three Russian-American passengers on the same cruise joking about George 's death . "  Two of the targets from the investigation reside in New York , " Jones said . The attorney said he became aware of the video when lawyers for the cruise line turned over information and video after the Smith family reached a settlement with Royal Caribbean . Jones said the video is in the possession of the FBI . While he has n't seen it himself , he said he 's been told what 's on it by an attorney for Royal Caribbean . It apparently shows one of the Russian-American passengers making an incriminating statement . The passenger "  stands up , hunches his shoulders and flashes gang signs , in the context of George 's death , " Jones said . The men were interrogated by police on the ship the morning Smith went missing , according to Jones . Smith had been hanging out with these men at the casino and then at the ship 's disco the night before and into the wee hours of the morning , the lawyer said . James Walker , a maritime attorney who represented Smith 's wife when she sued Royal Caribbean in 2006 for the wrongful death of her husband , believes a crime did occur . Walker said he took a forensic specialist on board the ship during his investigation into Smith 's death in 2005 . "  My only hope is that the FBI will make an arrest and there will be a prosecution because it 's long overdue , " Walker told CNN on Tuesday . CNN 's Mary Snow and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	George Smith went overboard the Royal Caribbean cruise ship in 2005 His family is convinced it was murder The FBI office in New York has agreed to look at the case
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After a week when he could not be traced , Egyptian striker Amir Zaki is back at his Premier League club side Wigan Athletic in northern England . Wigan and Egypt striker Amir Zaki has mended relations with his club manager . According to Wigan manager Steve Bruce the two have patched up their differences after he launched a verbal tirade against the 26-year-old striker . Zaki told Al-Hayat TV that the pair "  ended up laughing " about his absence -- when he failed to return from international duty and had a hamstring strain which no one knew the seriousness of . But , it was n't all laughs a week ago . On Wigan 's club Web site , Bruce had said of Zaki : "  I just feel it 's time that we went public on just what a nightmare he has been to deal with . I can honestly say that in all my time in football I have never worked with someone as unprofessional . "  I have already fined him the maximum allowed but this just seems to have no effect , " Bruce said . After giving Zaki a fine for his misdemeanor the Wigan manager also revealed it was the fourth time he had gone AWOL after international duty . Are players selling their fans and clubs short when they go AWOL ? How do you think should they be punished by clubs ? Zaki 's case certainly is n't the first high profile instance of a player going missing . Inter Milan striker Adriano sparked kidnap fears after failing to return earlier this month , following a World Cup qualifier in South America . It was not the first time the Brazilian had failed to report back to his club following international duty . After a two-week absence , Adriano later announced he was taking a break from professional football at a news conference in Brazil . He told reporters : "  I 've lost the happiness of playing . I would n't like to go back to Italy , I want to live in peace here in Brazil . "  I do n't know if I 'm going to stay for one , two or three months without playing . I 'm going to rethink my career . " Other notable cases include Nigerian forward Ayegbeni Yakubu , who failed to return to club duty at Premier League side Everton after the African Cup of Nations last year . When he returned to Everton , Yakubu was hit with a maximum # 80,000 fine . Manager David Moyes said at a news conference at the time : ` Yakubu 's back in it now . That episode has ended . He let us down by not coming back . But it 's over and we 've moved on . " German club Schalke fined defender Rafinha a record $ 1million for making an unauthorized trip to the Beijing Olympic Games and spending a total of 35 days away . One of the most bizarre examples was that of Moroccan defender Youssef Rossi , who surprised everyone when he returned to training at Dunfermline Athletic a year after having his wages stopped by the Scottish club . Rossi had previously gone AWOL from the club and returned to training with Raja Casablanca back in his homeland .	Egyptian striker Amir Zaki was AWOL after failing to return to Wigan Wigan manager Steve Bruce described Zaki as "  unprofessional " Adriano went AWOL for two weeks and later said he was taking a break from football How do you think AWOL players should be punished by their clubs ?
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has admitted he is considering bringing goalscoring legend Thierry Henry back to the club on a short-term loan deal . The 34-year-old Henry , who is Arsenal 's record all-time scorer with 226 goals for the club between 1999 and 2007 , currently plays for MLS side New York Red Bulls , and does not need to return to the United States until March . Wenger is facing a shortage of strikers with Ivorian Gervinho and Moroccan Marouane Chamakh both appearing for their countries in the Africa Cup of Nations in January and February -- and Henry 's return could be a viable solution to the problem . Wenger told the official Arsenal website : "  I have to think about it . Short-term is ideal for us , but I have n't made any enquiry yet . Thierry is not with the club at the moment and it has never come up in any conversation . He added : "  January 1 is the vital date for us and I will make a decision in the next seven days on players . " Frenchman Henry , who recently had a spell back training with the club , had a statue of himself unveiled outside the Emirates Stadium earlier this month as part of Arsenal 's 125-year centenary celebrations . In his eight years at Arsenal , Henry won two English Premier League titles and three FA Cups , before being sold to Barcelona in 2007 .	Arsene Wenger admits he is considering re-signing Thierry Henry on a short-term deal The Arsenal manager is looking for striking cover during the Africa Cup of Nations Henry , Arsenal 's all-time top scorer , currently plays for MLS side New York Red Bulls
CNN  -- As he prepares Sunday 's Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show , Hamish Hamilton is n't free with details about what its millions of viewers should expect . Except for one . "  I 'm fairly sure that the lights will stay on for the entire Super Bowl , " said Hamilton , the Grammy-nominated director of this year 's show , which will feature singer R&B singer Bruno Mars and rockers Red Hot Chili Peppers . "  I would be surprised if that happened again . " Moments after Beyonce finished her performance last year , the New Orleans Superdome went dark for 35 minutes . "  Not guilty , " says Hamilton , a native of Blackpool , England , who began his career with the BBC . "  The only thing I can say with certainty was that the electricity going out had nothing to do with the halftime show because we were on generator power , " said Hamilton , who also directed last year 's show . "  It was a conscious decision , and it was an excellent decision . " The funniest tweets of the #Blackout ... er ... Super Bowl More than 110.5 million people worldwide watched the halftime show last year . Only 2012 's performance by Madonna drew more viewers , and Beyonce 's performance -- and the blackout that followed -- generated 229,000 tweets per minute on Twitter , its second most-tweeted moment ever . The production is something of a technological marvel in and of itself . Last year , 700 people transformed the field at the Superdome into a concert stage incorporating lasers , strobes , pyrotechnics and a preprogrammed stage floor that rose to become a 24-foot by 32-foot video wall . Hamilton is no stranger to such on-the-fly productions . In addition to several Super Bowl halftimes , he 's directed the Academy Awards , the MTV Video Music Awards and live concert films for artists such as the Rolling Stones and U2 . In 2012 , he worked with movie director Danny Boyle , heading up the televised versions of the Olympic opening and closing ceremonies . This year 's Bruno Mars production will be no less complex than last year 's , said Hamilton . But do n't be surprised if the high-tech nature of the show is n't in your face the whole time . "  With the kind of stuff that I do , technology is amazing . But at the end of the day , stories are way more powerful , " he said . "  So , if you 've got somebody on a stage crying because an award means so much to them , or an artist on stage singing an incredibly powerful song to an audience that 's with them -- sometimes you just need one shot , one light and an amazing performer . " "  Technology 's massively important , " Hamiltion continued . "  You rely on it . " But even as the technology at his disposal has improved , Hamilton says he 's come to look at it differently . "  Back in the day , I let the technology lead me , " he said . "  Now , I always prefer the story or the music or the show to lead me . Now , in my own head , it 's the story first , the concept first , and the technology is second . "  Technology allows you to do things now you could have never done before . So there 's definitely a yin and a yang to it . " In some ways , what Hamilton does is simultaneously the same and the exact opposite of what a movie director does . For a movie , a shoot can last for weeks , or months , with weeks more of post-production after that . On the flip side , directing a live event means months of preparation , followed by a shoot that lasts for just a brief time . In the case of the Super Bowl show , that 's about 12 minutes . It might seem like that would be a chaotic 12 minutes . But Hamilton said that with enough preparation , the opposite can be the case . "  When I was shooting the  2013  show , I actually said very little , " he said . "  Because what we were doing was shooting a show that we all knew precisely what we were doing . "  We knew where Beyonce was going to be at all points . We knew when the crowd was going to go crazy . We knew almost exactly the show we were going to get . " But Hamilton , who is also working on a Peter Gabriel concert film he shot at several concerts last year , will have one new X-factor to deal with this Sunday . This year 's game will be at MetLife Stadium at the New Jersey Meadowlands -- an outdoor venue . The Northeast U.S. already has been clobbered this winter by storms that have dumped more than a foot of snow in places and brought temperatures in the single digits -- a full 15 to 25 degrees below normal before what was already predicted to be the coldest Super Bowl in the game 's history . Last week , 10 inches of snow fell on MetLife Stadium . The early forecast for Sunday in Northern New Jersey is for clear skies and milder temperatures , but you never know . "  The weather 's an enormous factor , " Hamilton said . "  But , in every Super Bowl , it has its unique challenges . And from those unique challenges , you create something great . If every situation were the same , the shows may not be as diverse as they are . " Hamilton hinted heavily that the open stadium will be somehow utilized in Sunday 's halftime show . "  I guess what I 'm trying to say is , in each set of circumstances ... we find creative solutions , " he said . "  We 're tested and pushed in this direction , as opposed to another , and that 's kind of exciting . "	Hamish Hamilton has directed Super Bowl halftime shows , Oscars , Olympic ceremonies He says technology is crucial but can distract from performances Last year 's Super Bowl blackout was not caused by halftime show , Hamilton says He says the extreme weather possibility this year is a concern but also "  exciting "
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday approved the nomination of Solicitor General Elena Kagan to become the nation 's fourth female Supreme Court justice , setting up a final confirmation vote by the Senate . The committee vote broke down mostly along partisan lines , with one Republican joining the panel 's Democrats in sending the nomination to the full Senate on a 13-6 vote . Democrats repeatedly characterized Kagan as a strong legal thinker who would be a fair judge , while Republicans slammed her as an inexperienced activist who would be unable to divorce her legal judgments from her political opinions . Members on both sides expressed frustration with a confirmation hearing process many observers say increasingly yields few clear answers about a nominee 's judicial philosophy . "  Elena Kagan is one of this country 's leading legal minds , and has shown throughout this process that , if confirmed , she would be a fair and impartial Supreme Court Justice who understands how decisions made by the Court affect the lives of everyday Americans , " President Barack Obama said after the vote . The "  vote by the  committee  is a bipartisan affirmation of her strong performance during her confirmation hearings . " "  There is no question about Elena Kagan 's qualifications , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . "  In my view , there is no good reason to deny her appointment . " She is clearly among nation 's "  top legal minds . " "  Her grasp of each area of the law , and to reason within it , compared favorably with any of the nominees I have seen come before us , " Feinstein added . "  Candidly , it surpassed some . " Kagan has demonstrated a "  keen intellect , " "  judicial modesty , " and respect for legal precedent , said Sen. Herb Kohl , D-Wisconsin . "  I 'm confident she will make a superb Supreme Court justice . " Not so , said Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa . Kagan has "  extremely limited experience " as a practicing attorney , he said . Her record "  has not been  one  of impartiality . " She has "  far left ideological beliefs " and is likely to use an "  outcome-based approach " to cases . Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , called Kagan 's June testimony "  disingenuous " and "  deceptive . " Her "  policy preferences will influence her legal judgments " if confirmed , he predicted . Among other things , the committee 's Republicans highlighted Kagan 's role in limiting military recruiters at Harvard Law School because of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , which bars openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service . Several Republicans have said Kagan , who was the law school dean , sought to treat the military as second-class by denying recruiters access to the campus Office of Career Services . Kagan has argued she provided an "  equally effective substitute " by requiring military recruiters to use a veterans service office . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , broke with other GOP committee members by voting for Kagan 's nomination . Graham -- also the lone committee Republican to back Justice Sonia Sotomayor 's nomination last year -- said he had "  100 reasons " to oppose Kagan 's nomination on philosophical grounds . But , he argued , elections have consequences , and senators should be deferential to presidential nominating decisions . Kagan , he argued , is sufficiently qualified , has a good character , and is capable of acting as a judge as opposed to a politician . Noting the controversy over Kagan 's role in Harvard 's military recruiting controversy , Graham said he would oppose her nomination if he believed she has "  animosity in her heart " for members of the armed services . But "  I believe she is ... very patriotic , " he said . Graham said he is hopeful that Democrats will follow his lead the next time a Republican president makes a high court nomination . If a liberal such as Kagan can be confirmed , he said , "  I hope Judge  Robert  Bork can be a conservatives ' hero " and be confirmed as well . Many legal and political analysts said the hearings went as expected , with clear ideological divisions , and very little of substance revealed about Kagan 's views of specific issues . "  It 's a real advantage for Elena Kagan that she 's never been a judge with controversial opinions , so she was nominated just because of her lack of an explicit paper trail , " said Mark Miller , a lawyer and political science professor at Clark University . "  And that 's what the current politics of Washington demanded . I think Obama wanted a relatively easy confirmation and it looks like he 's going to get it . " The committee 's chairman , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , noted Kagan did not advise the Obama administration on legal and constitutional issues surrounding a massive overhaul of healthcare . Her supplemental written responses Monday to questions from GOP senators seemed to indicate she would not recuse herself as justice if the legislation were appealed to the high court . In reference to a pending lawsuit over the legislation by several state attorneys general , Kagan wrote , "  I attended at least one meeting where the existence of the litigation was briefly mentioned , but none where any substantive discussion of the litigation occurred . " Kagan added she was neither asked nor offered any opinion about the legislation or any appeals , and did not review any internal administration documents . Her new answers also offer a possible reason -- she purposely scaled back her job duties as solicitor general in April , after the White House quietly told her she was being seriously considered for the high court . Kagan was eventually nominated May 10 . The full Senate vote is expected to vote on Kagan 's nomination before departing for its August recess . If approved , Kagan will fill the seat of retiring Justice John Paul Stevens and become the 112th person to join the high court . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Bill Mears contributed to this story	NEW : Obama calls Kagan "  one of the country 's leading legal minds . " The Senate Judiciary Committee approved Kagan 's nomination , moving it to the full Senate Democrats say Kagan will be a fair judge , while Republicans call her a political activist If confirmed , Kagan will be the 112th Supreme Court justice and the fourth woman on the high court
CNN  -- The death of famed Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee on Tuesday marks the symbolic end of an important era in American journalism , one that , unfortunately , was very different than our own . Bradlee turned The Washington Post from a sleepy , second-rate publication into a powerhouse of investigative journalism . During the early 1970s , he was at the editorial helm when his reporters broke the Watergate scandal that led to President Richard Nixon 's resignation and were part of the group of journalists who published the Pentagon Papers . Bradlee was a true believer in the power of journalism to expose the abuses and misuse of political power . He was devoted to a vision of the news media in American politics that took seriously the responsibility for the press to go wherever was necessary to keep politicians in check . Bradlee wrote that , "  I started looking for the truth after hearing the official version of a truth . " While Bradlee liked to sell a newspaper as much as anyone , the way he would do so would be through publishing the most hard-hitting stories possible . That era of journalism has faded . Bradlee 's death came on the same day that Pew released a report showing how more and more Americans are just listening to like-minded sources of news . Journalists react to ` icon ' Ben Bradlee 's death Journalism in this era is less about speaking truth to power than speaking to those who agree on a particular version of the truth . As Pew reported , "  When it comes to getting news about politics and government , liberals and conservatives inhabit different worlds . There is little overlap in the news sources they turn to and trust . " The business challenges facing much of the media have created immense pressure on news organizations , reporters and producers to cater to audiences that will enhance the bottom line rather than to produce work that will truly challenge the holders of political and economic power . This certainly does not describe all the news media , as there are many great journalists and some terrific news outlets , but it has become an unfortunate trend . The zeal for investigation that Bradlee once nurtured has , for many , been eclipsed by the imperative to provide an ideological echo chamber . Bradlee was far from perfect . As his biographers will recount , he made many mistakes in his career . In his zeal for the big story , he could be sloppy . He allowed the publication of a story about an 8-year-old heroin addict that won the Pulitzer Prize , but which turned out to be a hoax . But Bradlee made a huge contribution to newspaper journalism when it was at its prime . He and his generation of editors and reporters helped to show how the media could be an indispensable watchdog in our political system . Bradlee 's death should serve as a reminder of the kind of news to which we all need to aspire .	Famed former Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee dies at 93 Julian Zelizer : Bradlee led Post at zenith of era of investigative journalism Today , more and more people seek journalistic sources that reinforce their biases , he says
CNN  -- A powerful earthquake struck southern Iran on Tuesday , killing at least 37 people but apparently sparing the nearby Bushehr nuclear plant from any damage , Iranian state-run media reported . At least 850 people were injured , Iran 's Press TV said . The magnitude-6 .3 quake was centered about 100 kilometers  63 miles  southeast of the plant , the U.S. Geological Survey said . Press TV , citing Bushehr 's governor , said the single-reactor facility was undamaged . The International Atomic Energy Agency reported that Iran had informed it of the earthquake and said that there was no damage or radioactive release at the facility . The state-run IRNA news agency cited a plant executive as saying the facility 's distance from the epicenter was the reason for the lack of damage . However , the quake "  ruined " the city of Kaki , which is near the epicenter , the state-run IRNA news agency said . Interactive map : World 's biggest earthquakes since 1900 The cities of Kormouj , Dayer and Kangan and the villages of Shanbe and Sana were also seriously damaged , IRNA reported . State media also reported landslides that had destroyed buildings and crowds gathering in towns seeking help , Reuters said . The Iranian Red Crescent Society sent five assessment teams to coordinate rescue operations , IRNA reported , saying ambulances were sent from Tehran to assist in the rescue effort . The semi-official Fars news agency said helicopters also have been sent to help . At least three strong aftershocks struck the same area in the hour after the quake Tuesday , according to the USGS , and Press TV said authorities expect the number of casualties to rise . The earthquake could be felt across the Persian Gulf in Bahrain , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates , where some buildings in Abu Dhabi were evacuated and some businesses sent their employees home for the day . It was not immediately clear whether the Bushehr plant was continuing to operate in the wake of the earthquake . Iran began construction on the plant in 1975 , before the country 's Islamic revolution . Russia stepped in during the 1990s to finish construction of the plant , which the IAEA says first connected to Iran 's electrical grid in 2011 . Interactive : Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The damage that earthquakes with magnitudes of 6.0 to 6.9 can produce varies widely . Near the epicenter , quakes on the lower to middle parts of that range could leave negligible to slight damage in buildings of good design , and considerable to great damage -- such as broken or fallen walls -- in poorly designed structures , according to the USGS . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Phil O'Sullivan , Schams Elwazer and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 37 people are dead after the earthquake , Iranian state media reports More than 850 people are injured No damage occurred at a nuclear plant , state media reports Several aftershocks struck same area , the U.S. Geological Survey said
CNN  -- Say this for Twitter : They may not always know what their users want , but once they learn what their users do n't want , they fix it in a hurry . On Thursday , the social site tweaked the way users block others who harass , spam or otherwise bother them . Under the change the blocked user would still be able to see the profile and tweets of the other user , as well as retweet their posts . By Thursday night , however , the change was gone , reversed in stunningly abrupt fashion after a flurry of user protests , on a platform perfectly suited for both flurries and protests . Here 's a look at how , and why , it all went down . The timeline Users began noticing the update to Twitter 's blocking policy Thursday morning . Tech blogs and other media outlets began reporting the change , as well as the swell of protests against it . Twitter 's top brass reportedly huddled up as the dissent mounted . And , at 10:44 p.m. ET , the company announced in a tweet that it had reversed course and the old rules would apply once again . What was Twitter thinking ? The idea behind the original change was actually an effort to protect users from harassment . In his blog post , Twitter vice president Michael Sippy noted that under the old , and now restored , system , a user can tell when someone else has blocked them . "  We believe this is not ideal , largely due to the retaliation against blocking users by blocked users  and sometimes their friends  that often occurs , " he wrote . "  Some users worry just as much about post-blocking retaliation as they do about pre-blocking abuse . " He said Twitter will continue trying to find a way to fix that problem . The backlash Nothing 's unanimous on a site with more than 200 million registered users . But it became really clear , really fast that lots of folks on Twitter did n't consider the change a move in the right direction . One petition on Change.org called the new system a "  nightmare . " "  This is a huge and very serious problem for people , like me , who have received repeated rape and death threats on Twitter on a fairly consistent basis , " wrote Zerlina Maxwell , a political consultant and writer for Ebony magazine , who started the petition . "  I utilize the Block button almost every day and while that is not a perfect solution -- because users can simply log out to view your timeline even if you have blocked them -- it at least forbid harassers from following you and at worst retweeting you into their feed , which can simply allow their followers to also harass you . " The tweets , of course , poured in , too . "  If I understand the new @twitter block correctly , my curtains have just been replaced with a one-way mirror . Looking * in * , " one user wrote . The reversal In the late-evening blog post , Sippy said Twitter had listened to its users . "  We never want to introduce features at the cost of users feeling less safe , " he wrote . He said Twitter will continue working on ways to let users express themselves freely while still making them feel safe . "  We 've been working diligently to strike this balance since Twitter 's inception , and we thank you for all of your support and feedback to date . Thank you in advance for your patience as we continue to build the best -- and safest -- Twitter we possibly can . " How unusual was this turnaround ? It 's rare , but not unheard of , for major tech company websites to reverse course on policy changes . In October , Facebook briefly lifted a ban on at least some violent content  a video of a woman being beheaded was the most prominent  . The logic was that people use the site to raise awareness about important issues and , sometimes , that involves showing scenes of violence . But a day later Facebook appeared to have reversed itself , with reinstated videos once again disappearing from the network . Last December , Instagram 's terms of service were tweaked with language that appeared to give the company ownership of users ' photographs . "  The language we proposed ... raised questions about whether your photos can be part of an advertisement , " Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom wrote in a blog post . "  We do not have plans for anything like this and because of that we 're going to remove the language that raised the question . " That change was rolled out on a Monday and reversed by Wednesday . And in 2011 , Netflix infamously angered customers when it announced plans to spin off its DVD rental business into a separate subsidiary called Qwikster . After an outcry from customers , who quit in droves , Netflix reversed itself and killed off Qwikster some three weeks later -- an eternity compared with Twitter 's about-face Thursday .	A revised Twitter policy for blocking other users only lasted hours The change would have let blocked users see and retweet the blocker 's posts The idea was to not prompt retaliation for a visible block Users called the change a nightmare , and Twitter responded
CNN  -- Defeat could be near for Syria 's embattled regime , NATO and Syrian ally Russia said Thursday . "  I think now it 's only a question of time , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels , Belgium , where he and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte announced the deployment of two Patriot air-defense batteries to Turkey 's border with Syria . The al-Assad government is "  approaching collapse , " Rasmussen said . "  I urge the regime to stop violence , to realize what is the actual situation and initiate a process that leads to the accommodation of the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people . " Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov offered a similar view from Moscow , noting what he said were rebel reports that victory was imminent . "  We need to look the facts in the eye , " the state-run RIA Novosti news service quoted Bogdanov as saying . "  Unfortunately , we ca n't exclude a victory by the opposition . " His comments came as opposition groups said they had seized a military base near Damascus and amid calls by the Local Coordination Committees for rebels to push for the fall of the capital . "  We all know that the battle is not going to be easy and that the regime will defend its existence by the most brutal means , as we have become accustomed to seeing , " the opposition group said . "  We know that the regime will spare no resources in destroying any hold it may have before its collapse , as we have witnessed in all other Syrian cities . " Diplomatic efforts to help end the 21-month conflict , which opposition activists say has claimed more than 42,000 lives , have so far failed . A rebel victory would unleash a host of complications for the shattered country , including the need to quickly assemble a functioning government ; to provide humanitarian assistance as winter approaches ; and to address the status of the chemical weapons currently held by regime forces . U.S. official : Syria uses Scud missiles against rebels The regime has shown no signs of backing down . On Thursday , the LCC reported that 138 people had been killed by government forces , including seven children and four women . Sixty-nine of the deaths occurred in Damascus and its suburbs , it said . Syrian state TV , citing a foreign ministry official , denied Thursday Western accusations that the government has used Scud missiles against rebels inside the country , a move analysts and world leaders have described as a dangerous escalation in President Bashar al-Assad 's campaign against the rebellion . A U.S. official said Syrian forces in Damascus loyal to al-Assad had fired at least four short-range Scud missiles from the capital into northern Syria , presumably at rebel groups . Rasmussen said NATO also had detected launches this week . "  We ca n't confirm details of the missiles , but some of the information indicates they were Scud-type missiles , " Rasmussen said . "  The use of such indiscriminate weapons shows utter disregard for the lives of the Syrian people . It is reckless , and I strongly condemn it . " Aleppo Today TV becomes vital news source amid Syria 's chaos The predictions of defeat for al-Assad and his forces come amid rising international recognition of the Syrian opposition . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama extended U.S. recognition to the rebel coalition . The more than 100 nations in the Friends of Syria group followed suit on Wednesday and pledged at least $ 110 million in humanitarian aid . Coalition Vice President George Sabra said rebels were pleased with the gestures , but had hoped the United States would go further by naming the group not just as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people but as their sole legitimate representative . Syrian officials belittled the declarations . Information Minister Omran al-Zoebi said the recognition was comparable to Syria recognizing "  Liverpool Football Club as the sole representative of the British people while in fact it represented very little , " Britain 's Independent newspaper said . As fighting subsides , Aleppo residents find little left Also Thursday , Amnesty International urged rebel leaders to free a Ukrainian journalist accused of working with Syrian government officials and to respect international accords on human rights . "  There are increasing reports of opposition forces carrying out horrific abuses of captured government soldiers , journalists and some other civilians , " Amnesty said Thursday . "  The coalition must condemn these grave abuses in the strongest possible terms and do its utmost to prevent them . " The LCC called on rebels to deliver a knockout punch to the regime while protecting civilians , religious sites and the nation 's cultural heritage . It also urged rebels to preserve any documents found in offices of state security services seized by rebels in preparation for possible war crimes trials . "  These documents contain massive amounts of incriminating evidence against the regime and its symbols and will be required to hold the regime accountable , compensate victims and retain a historical record of decades of state behavior , " the group said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. government-trained medical workers have reached an estimated 410,000 patients in Syria , performed 22,370 surgeries and had partnered with a group -- which she would not identify for security reasons -- that has set up 20 field hospitals in the country . "  I do n't think any of us has a crystal ball as to exactly how this is going to go , but we do believe that the Assad regime 's days are numbered , " Nuland said . "  The opposition in recent days and weeks has made a number of significant captures , in particular major military facility outside of Aleppo with the last Sheik Suleiman base and other important military installations . " She urged Russian officials to withdraw support for the al-Assad regime . An afternoon with a Syrian bombmaker CNN 's Barbara Starr , Tom Watkins , Jill Dougherty , Mike Mount , Ben Brumfield and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Rights group urges rebels to abide by international accords amid report of "  horrible abuses " Collapse of Syrian regime appears inevitable , NATO chief says Syria 's apparent use of Scud missiles is "  reckless , " Anders Fogh Rasmussen says Opposition group calls for rebels to protect religious , cultural sites
The Islamic State terror group is now "  a credible alternative to al Qaeda " that is "  expanding its presence " with foreign fighters returning from Syria , and possibly Iraq , to their home countries , a U.S. intelligence official said Thursday . The official , who declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information , has direct knowledge of the latest intelligence on the group , also known as ISIS or ISIL . According to an assessment , the group has grown in size since the spring and its takeover of Mosul in northern Iraq as more fighters from around the world have mainly traveled to Syria to join its ranks . The United States believes that while the group remains largely focused on its brutal takeover of large areas of Iraq , there is also an "  expansion of its external terrorist ambitions . " Some foreign fighters are returning to their home countries with orders to "  start new cells " of terrorist activity , the official said . What to know about ISIS While some members may have a desire to attack the United States , the group 's leadership is still focused on establishing an Islamic caliphate . Still , they "  see conflict with the United States as inevitable , " the official said . The United States believes a deadly shooting at Belgium 's Jewish Museum in May by an alleged ISIS loyalist may be the kind of attack that could happen more often in western countries , possibly including the United States . U.S. law enforcement is watching a small number of Americans for possible affiliation with the group . How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda ISIS foreign fighters may be operating somewhat independently of the organization 's hierarchy , which the United States believes maintains lines of authority and even succession plans . The intelligence community is now updating its assessment of how many fighters may be loyal to the group , and the number could be more than 10,000 , the official said . ISIS has taken advantage of the momentum it gained in Iraq over the past several months , resulting in a large number of new fighters joining up . Map : Where is ISIS ? While it currently has funds from taking over oil facilities and other operations in Iraq , the United States believes that will not be enough to sustain ISIS if it tries to seize the entire country , the official said . The United States also is watching closely to see whether and at what point ISIS loses support from Sunni loyalists in Iraq . The U.S. calculation is that ISIS is taking advantage of its recent momentum . Because it is seen as "  successful " in many areas , including Yemen and Africa where al Qaeda affiliates operate , they have gained support from some jihadists more widely . Who is the ISIS ? In those areas , they also remain at odds with the core of al Qaeda in Pakistan led by Ayman al-Zawahiri and several of affiliates . The thinking is as momentum slows , ISIS will be "  under more pressure , reality sets in , " the official said . "  We do n't see the group as 10 feet tall . "	The Islamic State , also known as ISIS , is expanding its presence , official said Fighters loyal to ISIS could number more than 10,000 with some returning home countries Law enforcement is watching a small number of Americans for possible affiliation The U.S. is watching to see if ISIS loses support from other Sunnis
CNN  -- When it comes to football players , there are very few who can be held up as respectable role models . All too often , players are criticized for their off-field behaviour , alleged racist remarks , outbursts on Twitter and end up gracing the front pages of newspapers for all the wrong reasons . Balotelli on the brink : Sink or swim for ` Super Mario ' ? But on a cold Friday night in South Wales with snow sweeping across the country , one football player really did make a difference . Angel Rangel , the Swansea City defender , who is an integral part of Michael Laudrup 's side , had only left home to go for a sandwich with his wife , Nikki . Driving in hazardous wintry conditions , Rangel decided to make the journey to his local sandwich shop to have a bite to eat . It is there that Rangel takes up the story , telling CNN about his gesture as he drove through the city looking for people sleeping rough . He said : "  We went for something to eat in a local sandwich chain and overheard the manager saying they had to throw out bags of sandwiches as they were about to close for the night . "  My wife , Nikki , who is a very caring and charitable person , asked if we could have them for the homeless rather than see them thrown in the bin . "  They agreed and we drove around Swansea for over an hour , but could n't find any homeless people as it was so cold out on the streets with all the snow . "  We decided to tweet a plea and we were guided to a local charity shelter who looked after the homeless . " Rodgers defends Liverpool 's Suarez That tweet , which went viral , was picked up by a local homeless shelter which invited the pair to the venue . After giving out sandwiches and talking to the group , Rangel joked he should have hit the kitchen to cook up some of his famous Spanish Omelette . He added : "  They were obviously grateful and after chatting to the charity worker it is something we are going to do on a regular basis . It 's the least we can do , especially with it being so could outside at the moment . "  I do n't know if we 'll be as lucky with the free sandwiches in future , so I may have to cook some of my special Spanish omelettes instead ! " He later wrote on Twitter : "  Wow we r amazed at the amount of tweets we r receiving . Thanks a lot but it was just a little gesture we drove for only 1 hour and felt great . " Rangel stated that he did not want the name of the shelter publicly named . Rangel will now hope to put a smile on lots more Swansea City faces when he takes on Stoke City in the Premier League Saturday .	Angel Rangel , the Swansea City player , makes trip to homeless shelter Spaniard took food to those at local homeless shelter following tweet appeal Rangel promises to cook his famous Spanish Omelette next time
CNN  Tally-ho , Marlboro Man . Best known as the rugged cowboy who starred in the Marlboro Man cigarette advertisements , Darrell Winfield died Monday at home in Wyoming at age 85 . His cause of death was not listed in his obituary on a Fremont County , Wyoming , news website . Often called the most successful tobacco advertising campaign ever , the Marlboro Man appealed to American men because of his masculinity , individuality and freedom . Though some of the Marlboro Men in the famous cigarette advertisements launched in the 1950s were actors , Winfield was the real thing . Winfield was working at a Wyoming ranch in 1968 when Leo Burnett/Philip Morris Advertising came looking for real cowboys to feature in the campaign , according to his local obituary . He often wore his own clothes and provided many of the animals in the photo shoots . "  His family said he loved horses , rodeo , especially team roping , ranching , and the cowboy way of life , " according to his obituary . "  He liked to tease , was quite a character , and never met a stranger . He collected bits and spurs , loved to read western non-fiction , history , and stories of the Native Americans . " Other Marlboro Men became disillusioned with the campaign , eventually starring in anti-smoking campaigns . At least four actors who played the iconic cowboy died of smoking-related illnesses , the Los Angeles Times reported . The Marlboro Man 's run ended when the tobacco companies and state attorneys general reached a settlement in 1998 that banned the use of humans and cartoons in U.S. tobacco advertising . Yet Winfield stayed true to the brand from the time he was hired in 1968 until he died , according to his obituary . He is survived by his wife , Lennie , their six children , three grandchildren and one great-grandchild . People we lost in 2015	Marlboro Man Darrell Winfield was a real cowboy Winfield was the face of many Marlboro cigarette ads He stayed loyal to the cigarette company until he died
The Obama administration plans to impose fresh sanctions against Iran 's petrochemical industry , diplomatic sources familiar with the plans said Friday . U.S. sanctions already prohibit American companies from doing business with Iran . The goal of the new measures is to bar foreign companies from doing business with Iran 's petrochemical industry by threatening them with being banned from U.S. markets , the sources said . European nations are expected to announce similar measures when the European Union leaders meet next week , the sources said . The sources did not want to be named because they are not authorized to speak on record before officials roll out the sanctions . The measures , which the sources said are expected to be announced early Monday , build on existing sanctions on Iran 's oil and gas industry . Plans for the additional sanctions come on the heels of a report by the U.N. nuclear watchdog IAEA detailing evidence that the Iranian regime was developing the technology needed to build a nuclear weapon . On Friday , the International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors issued a resolution expressing "  deep and increasing concern about the unresolved issues regarding the Iranian nuclear program . " But the U.N. agency 's resolution did not threaten action to curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " The Obama administration is facing increased pressure from Congress to turn up the heat on Iran , including sanctioning the Iranian central bank . This week , Republican Sen. Mark Kirk introduced an amendment that would impose sanctions on foreign financial institutions that do business with Iran 's central bank . U.S. officials have said the administration has been reluctant to cut off the central bank out of concern it could drive up oil prices and hurt the U.S. economy . But the diplomatic sources said the U.S. has discussed some possible sanctions on the bank by limiting some financial transactions , but not cutting it off completely .	U.S. sanctions already prohibit companies from doing business with Iran Sources : New measures aim to ban foreign companies from doing business with Iran 's petrochemical industry The measures threaten them with being banned from U.S. markets , sources say
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso became the first two-time winner of the unpredictable 2012 Formula One season as he triumphed in front of his home fans in Valencia to claim the European Grand Prix Sunday . Alonso 's win took him back to the top of the world championship standings with former leader Lewis Hamilton and defending two-time champion Sebastian Vettel failing to finish . It has been a weekend of double sporting celebration for austerity-hit Spain after Xabi Alonso 's two goals gave the defending champions a 2-0 quarterfinal win over France in Euro 2012 on Saturday . "  I can not put into words the special feeling of winning your home grand prix , " Alonso told the post race press conference . "  It is unique and special . The stands were full of color and Spanish flags and , after the footballers won at Euro 2012 , I am feeling very proud to be Spanish at the moment . This is possibly the best victory I have ever had . " But coming from 11th on the grid , Alonso needed a touch of good fortune to complete his remarkable victory ahead of Kimi Raikkonen in a Lotus . Red Bull 's Vettel looked to be cruising from pole position to a third straight win on the street circuit in southern Spain , but his car suffered an engine failure on lap 35 of 57 . With Vettel 's retirement , Romain Grosjean of France in his Lotus looked primed for his maiden victory , but he too suffered a sudden engine failure , both alternator problems according to pit lane sources . There was bitter disappointment as well for McLaren 's Hamilton , who was in third on the penultimate lap when he crashed out in controversial fashion as he tried to hold off Pastor Maldonado in the Williams . Hamilton , who had scored in all previous rounds of the championship , flung his steering wheel away in frustration before marching back to the pits . Venezuela 's Maldonado slipped back to 10th after the collision , leaving Michael Schumacher to come through for his first podium finish since returning to F1 in 2010 with Mercedes . "  I asked my guys at the end of the race where I finished and when they told me third , I could n't believe it . You lose count of where you are , it was busy at the end of the race , " he said . Maldonado was later penalized 20 seconds by race stewards , dropping him back to 12th , with temmate Bruno Senna taking 10th for Williams . Force India pair Nico Hulkenberg and Paul di Resta took a fine fifth and seventh , sandwiching Nico Rosberg in the second Mercedes . Jenson Button was eighth for McLaren , Sergio Perez in ninth for Sauber . Alonso leads the title race on 111 points from Red Bull 's Mark Webber in second on 91 after his fourth place finish in Spain . Hamilton has 88 with Vettel four points behind in fourth place .	Fernando Alonso wins European Grand Prix in Valencia Spaniard is first two-time winner of 2012 F1 season Sebastian Vettel retires while leading in his Red Bull Michael Schumacher on the podium for first time since his comeback
CNN  -- An airline is investigating the removal of two imams from a flight headed to North Carolina , ostensibly because passengers felt uncomfortable with their presence of the pair -- both clad in Islamic attire . The incident occurred Friday on an Atlantic Southeast Airlines flight from Tennessee to North Carolina and it involved Masudur Rahman and Mohamed Zaghloul were wearing traditional Muslim dress , CNN affiliate WCNC reported . The two -- who hold high religious positions in the Muslim community -- were headed to North Carolina for a conference on prejudice against Muslims , or Islamaphobia . The meeting is sponsored by the North American Imams Federation . Rahman , who is a professor at the University of Memphis , told the affiliate that the incident reminded him of the prejudice Rosa Parks faced during the civil rights movement . "  That history I found today in that plane , and it should n't happen with any other person , " he said . Atlantic Southeast Airlines , which operated the flight , said the incident is under investigation , and apologized "  for any inconvenience that this may have caused . " Ibrahim Hooper , spokesman for the civil rights group Council on American-Islamic Relations , told CNN the two men contacted his office and said they were told that passengers were uncomfortable with them on the flight . "  They went through security , even went through secondary security , and got on the plane , were taxiing out , " he said . But then , they were taxied back , Hooper said . "  TSA came on and pulled them off and said the pilot was refusing to fly with them because passengers were uncomfortable with them , " Hooper said , referring to the Transportation Security Administration . Hooper said officials re-screened them and found they were no threat . While officials tried to get the men back on the plane , "  the pilot absolutely refused and ultimately took off , " Hooper said . The airlines did not say why the two men were taken off the flight , but said they were given the opportunity to fly on a different flight . "  Atlantic Southeast Airlines flight 5452 from Memphis to Charlotte returned to the gate to allow for additional screening of a passenger and the passenger 's companion , " the statement said . "  We take security and safety very seriously , and the event is currently under investigation . " CNN 's Rick Martin , Craig Bell and Maria Ebrahimji contributed to this report .	NEW : Both men were prominent imams and dressed in Muslim attire Airline apologizes but does not say why the men were taken off the plane The men say they were told passengers were uncomfortable
CNN  -- Roger Federer 's first appearance in Gstaad for nine years lasted just over an hour as the former World No. 1 made an untimely exit to Germany 's Daniel Brands . Still experimenting with a larger racquet head , the Swiss maestro was always struggling against an opponent he beat in an ATP tournament in Hamburg last week , going down 6-3 6-4 in 66 minutes . The defeat continues a sorry run for the 17-time grand slam champion , losing in the second round of his Wimbledon title defense and then falling at the semifinal stage in Germany on his return to action . After his defeat , Federer said he had been suffering with back problems , but had decided to press ahead with his return to the Swiss venue . "  I only decided after today 's warm-up whether I would play or not , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  I 'm happy that I was able to play because I 've had problems for some time now , already in Hamburg . "  But it did n't get worse during today 's match . I 'm positive and I felt that it was getting better during the last few days . " Brands , ranked 55th in the world , was always on top , serving decisively with 11 aces and achieving a single break against the favorite in each set . The 31-year-old Federer could take none of his five break point opportunities to leave the home crowd at the clay court tournament disappointed . He famously was presented with cow when he played in Gstaad in 2003 after claiming his first Wimbledon crown and won the event on his last appearance in 2004 . Federer 's only tournament title in 2013 came on his favorite grass at Halle , but his Wimbledon challenge was cruelly ended by Ukraine 's world number 116 Sergiy Stakhovsky on the first Wednesday . It ended the record 36 consecutive grand slam quarterfinal appearances for the Swiss , amid talk his powers were waning . Former champion Marcel Granollers of Spain ended the run of Federico Delbonis with a 6-2 7-5 victory to reach the quarterfinals . Argentina 's Delbonis , who shocked Federer in the semifinals in Hamburg , also put out defending Gstaad champion Thomas Bellucci in the first round , but could find no answer against Granollers . He will play Dutchman Robin Haase , who saw off third seed Janko Tipsarevic of Serbia in straight sets , while Brands will take on Victor Hanescu of Romania . Hanescu benefited from the second set retirement of Roberto Bautista Agut in their second round match . Meanwhile , Serbian Davis Cup star Victor Troicki has been handed an 18-month ban for a doping offense , the International Tennis Federation announced Thursday . Former World No. 12 Troicki failed to provide a blood sample at the Monte Carlo Masters earlier this year . The 27-year-old will be banned until January 24 , 2015 . Troicki gave a urine sample after his match , but claimed that he had been assured by the doping control officer  DCO  at the tournament that he could skip the blood sample because he had been feeling unwell . "  The tribunal concluded that the DCO told Mr Troicki that she could not advise him as to whether his reason for not providing a blood sample was valid , and that no such assurances were given by her , " read an official statement on the ITF website . Troicki 's finest hour came in 2010 when he won the decisive final rubber for Serbia in the Davis Cup against France , but he has slipped to outside the top 50 of the current rankings .	Roger Federer crashes out of ATP tournament in Gstaad Top seed beaten 6-3 6-4 by Daniel Brands of Germany Former No. 1 Federer lost in second round of title defense at Wimbledon Revealed he has been suffering with back problems
CNN  -- A federal appeals court has temporarily blocked enforcement of an Arizona abortion law that opponents call one of the most restrictive in the country . A three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday put the controversial parts of the law on hold while further legal challenges proceed . The San Francisco-based court also moved the case on a judicial fast-track and said it would tackle the issue as soon as possible later this year . Arizona HB 2036 places restrictions on and would criminalize most abortions performed after 20 weeks of pregnancy . The law has narrow exceptions for medical emergencies involving the pregnant woman . The law was scheduled to go into effect Thursday , and a federal judge in Phoenix earlier this week had allowed it to go into effect . That prompted an emergency request for "  injunctive relief " to the appeals court by the American Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Reproductive Rights , on behalf of three patients and their physicians . Those groups said in their successful emergency appeal the ban would force doctors to wait until a woman with a high-risk pregnancy was close to death or would suffer major medical damage before terminating a high-risk pregnancy . Other states permit some second-trimester and post-viability abortions , and allow for exceptions when the expectant mother 's life or health would be in danger . There is no clear medical or legal standard to determine when a pregnancy would be considered "  later term . " The Arizona ban would also apply to women who have been informed the fetus would not survive after birth . "  We are relieved that the court blocked this dangerous ban and that women in Arizona will continue to be able to get safe , appropriate medical care , " said Alexa Kolbi-Molinas with the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project . "  Abortion is a serious , personal decision that should be made by a woman , her family and her doctor -- not by politicians . " There was no immediate reaction to the court 's injunction from the state 's governor or the law 's legislative supporters . Many Arizona state prosecutors , who would have enforced the law , were at odds on whether the law should be put on hold until its constitutionality was ultimately determined in the courts . Arizona is among 10 states to pass laws with 20-week abortion bans , according to court records . A current Arizona measure blocks the medical procedure at viability -- generally about 20-24 weeks when the fetus might be able to survive outside the womb . Gov. Jan Brewer signed the new law in April . She had supported Judge James Teilborg 's decision Monday to allow the new law to proceed , saying it protects women and children . The appeals court 's new order now puts that enforcement on hold . The case is Isaacson v. Thorne  12-16670  .	The law would would restrict and criminalize most abortions performed after 20 weeks An ACLU spokeswoman praised the court 's action , calling the law a "  dangerous ban " There was no immediate reaction from the governor or the law 's legislative supporters The full appeals court could tackle the issue later this fall
CNN  -- Bayer Leverkusen moved to within three points of German Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich after a comfortable 4-2 home victory over Hamburg on Sunday . A double from Stefan Kiessling helped Leverkusen on their way to another three points , leaving them clear in third , a point behind second-placed Schalke , with the top three now pulling away in the race for the title with just eight games left . Kiessling opened the scoring after running onto Tranquillo Barnetta 's through-ball and out-pacing two defenders before firing past goalkeeper Frank Rost . But Ze Roberto volleyed home a 33rd-minute equalizer for Hamburg after a defensive mix-up involving Sami Hyppia and goalkeeper Rene Adler . Eren Derdiyok restored Leverkusen 's lead in the 55th-minute when heading home Daniel Schwaab 's ball into the box -- and Kiessling quickly added a third with a simple tap-in after some great work from Renato Augusto . Czech defender David Rozehnal gave Hamburg some brief hope when converting an 83rd minute Piotr Trochowski free-kick but the victory was confirmed just a minute later when Gonzalo Casto fired home from just inside the area . Meanwhile , in the day 's other match , Claudio Pizarro scored his 11th league goal of the season to give Werder Bremen a 1-0 home win over Hoffenheim . The Peruvian striker lobbed goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand with just nine minutes remaining to leave Werder sixth in the table , one point away from a place in Europe .	Bayer Leverkusen move to within three points of German leaders Bayern Munich Stefan Keissling scores twice for Leverkusen in their 4-2 win over Hamburg Claudio Pizarro nets the only goal as Werder Bremen defeat Hoffenheim
Five years ago Monday , the Supreme Court dealt a devastating blow to a hardworking woman from Queens , New York . Evelyn Coke , a single mother of five and immigrant from Jamaica , worked nearly every day for more than two decades in the homes of the elderly and the infirm , feeding , bathing , carrying them , administering their medications and tending to their needs . Coke loved her work but grew unhappy that she was paid less than minimum wage and never for overtime . She often worked three consecutive 24-hour shifts , or more than 70 hours a week . After many years of quietly taking it , she stood up and brought her case to court . Her case went all the way to the nation 's highest court . On June 11 , 2007 , the Supreme Court unanimously decided that Coke -- and millions of home care workers like her -- are not protected by federal minimum wage and overtime laws , even if they 're employed by for-profit home care agencies . Why ? Because through a legislative loophole , federal regulations exempt so-called "  companions " from the basic labor protections that most everyone else takes for granted . It 's up to the Labor Department to change the rules , the court said . Coke passed away three years ago at age 74 . Today , home care workers remain woefully underpaid . They 're excluded from federal protections and covered by minimum wage or overtime laws in only 21 states . The average national wage of $ 9.40 per hour for this occupation means that one in five workers lives below the poverty line . In 34 states , the average hourly wages are low enough to qualify workers for public assistance . The efforts of Coke and those who have carried forward her cause have n't been all for naught , however . The Labor Department is finally revising the rules so that all home care workers will be covered by federal wage and hour laws . But it 's not a done deal , and lobbying from industry groups concerned about their profits could cause the new rules to be shelved . That would be a shame and an injustice to everything for which Coke fought . Today , low wages and long hours undermine home care work . Long hours can lead to worse care for patients as caregivers working 60 - to 70-hour weeks face fatigue and stress in performing what is a hard job under any circumstances . Studies have shown turnover rates among home care workers of between 44 % and 65 % per year , threatening continuity of care . The agency Coke sued claimed it would suffer "  tremendous and unsustainable losses " if made to pay overtime . But such claims are belied by the fact that home care employers have managed to stay in business and are profitable in the 21 states that already mandate minimum wage or overtime pay , with no reported decline in the amount or the quality of care provided . One of our nation 's fastest-growing industries , home care work now employs roughly 2.5 million Americans and is expected to add another 1.3 million jobs by 2020 as demand for in-home care continues to rise . By 2050 , an estimated 27 million Americans will need direct home care . But unless working conditions improve , the industry will have a tough time recruiting new workers to replace its aging and often injured work force . More Americans are living longer than ever before . Home care workers enable our elders -- parents and grandparents -- to stay in their homes and live independent lives . If we do n't change the industry , we 'll soon face a crisis that touches us all . Coke did n't live long enough to see any reforms come to fruition . And the sad irony is that , after a lifetime of caring for others , when she needed care most as a result of kidney failure , she could n't afford it . Today , the best way we can honor Evelyn Coke 's legacy -- and help our nation 's well-being -- is by following through on the promise of new rules that will finally extend minimum wage and overtime protections to home care workers .	Home care workers are not protected by federal minimum wage and overtime laws Catherine Ruckelshaus : The Labor Department must change the rules Demand for in-home care will continue to rise , she says Ruckelshaus : Unless we improve industry conditions , we wo n't have enough workers
CNN  Florida 's Three Sisters Springs got a little crowded this week when more than 300 manatees swam quickly into the springs , prompting park officials to close the springs to human swimmers and kayakers . Up to 600 manatees winter in Florida Kings Bay and Crystal River from November to March , but the population drops to 30 manatees the rest of the year . The warm waters of Three Sisters Springs , part of Crystal River National Wildlife Refuge , allow manatees to live safely during the winter months , when the open waters can get dangerously cold for the gentle mammals . About 80 miles north of Tampa , it 's also a popular place for visitors to see and swim with the manatees . Three Sisters Springs is the only "  confined-water body in the United States " open for the public to see wintering manatees , according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , which manages Three Sisters Springs for the city of Crystal River and the state . Though the springs closed Monday and reopened Tuesday , the refuge 's policy is to close them again as needed . Noting increasing manatee harassment at the springs since 1979 , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has been considering a policy to restrict access to the manatees during the winter months . "  Swimming with manatees is a tremendous experience , and I know that when done properly , everybody benefits , " said Andrew Gude , who manages Crystal River National Wildlife Refuge , as well as Lower Suwannee , Cedar Keys and Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuges , in a December statement . "  It is the experience of a lifetime . " This is n't the first time animals simply living their lives have crowded out their human visitors . Harbor seals take over Children 's Pool beach in the San Diego suburb of La Jolla for five months each year during pupping season . After years of visitors bothering the seals at the small beach in the tony neighborhood , the beach has been closed to humans from December 15 to May 15 under a San Diego City Council plan approved in 2014 by the California Coastal Commission . No matter what modest restrictions were put in place in the past , visitors would still bother the birthing seals , officials said , leading to the possibility that scared mother seals might abandon their pups . "  Every time we 've tried to help both the people and the seals , it has n't worked out , " Coastal Commissioner Dayna Bochco told the Los Angeles Times . "  If more people would act reasonably , we would n't be here today . " Though swimmers and snorkelers protested the move , many day trippers have preferred to admire the animals from afar . The seals ' tendency to defecate where they live can make the waters unsanitary for human swimming .	Over 300 manatees swam into Three Sisters Springs Officials closed the area to humans The warm waters protect the mammals during winter
CNN  -- Spurred by the continuing political unrest in Iran , more than two dozen Iranian expatriate superstars are uniting to spread a musical message of non-violent resistance . Neda Agha-Soltan was gunned down on a Tehran street on June 20 . The entertainers , poets , thinkers and actors are harmonizing on the song "  United for Neda , " a call to action against human rights violations by the Iranian government against Iranians protesting the disputed outcome of recent presidential elections . The song was inspired by the plight of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year old Iranian woman who was fatally shot on the streets of Tehran on June 20 . The ordeal was recorded on cell phone video and received international attention when it hit the Internet . "  When I saw links to Neda being shot , it was so disturbing to me , " said Iranian-British recording artist Mams Taylor , who wrote and produced the song . "  It hurt me , angered me and touched me at the same time , to think that these people are so courageous to go and seek their freedom , " said Taylor . While her death became a rallying point for justice , her name , "  Neda , " in Farsi means "  the call/calling " or "  voice " -- a voice many people say can not be muted . "  The saga is still going on in Iran , and all we can do is carry on and echo their voice , " said Shoreh Aghdashloo , the Oscar-nominated actress from "  House of Sand and Fog " who sang in the production . The video , much like the post-election protests , was a spontaneous response . From the studio to the street rallies in Los Angeles , California , the entire music video was filmed using a cell phone . "  With the big media ban and restrictions over there , we thought to commemorate and pay homage to what the protesters are doing over there , " said Taylor . "  So we thought it would be appropriate to develop the video in the same kind of light . " Watch the video and hear the song " The song was recorded in both English and Farsi to reach Western and Iranian audiences . The English version of the video has drawn thousands of viewers since its YouTube release last week . The Farsi version of the song will be released Thursday . Iranian actress Shila Vosough played a key role in bringing the artists together . "  These artists all came together despite their varying political views , " she said . "  They united , hand-in-hand , to send the kids in Iran a message of their love and support . " The political upheaval of the late 1970s forced many Iranian musicians , artists , actors and entertainers like Vosough into exile . Many of them left unwillingly , not knowing when or if they would ever return to Iran . "  I came to New York for a performance 32 years ago and have never been back to Iran since , " said Iranian vocalist Sattar , who also sang in the video . Sattar , who has millions of fans around the world , wants the Iranian people to know their voices are being heard . "  As an artist , I see this as my responsibility -- to support Iranians with my songs and music , " said Sattar , a one-time favorite of the Pahlavi royal family in Iran . In 1979 , at the dawn of the Islamic Republic under much popular Western music was outlawed as "  un-Islamic . " For years , Iranians have been forced to make music underground , buying or swapping on the black market or downloading from the Internet . "  Music is a very powerful tool . It can move people and mobilize them around a cause , and this can be very threatening for leaders who want to silence the voices of their people , " said Iranian singer Dariush . Dariush has been singing about love , peace , freedom and justice for the Iranian people since before he left 30 years ago . "  I encourage other musicians to come join the cause against human rights violations in Iran and other places around the world , " said Dariush . Female singers were also banned after the revolution . For decades female vocalists like Googoosh , one of the most celebrated pop divas in Iran , were silenced and forbidden to perform or record in Iran . In 2000 , Googoosh left Iran . Shortly afterward , she made a comeback on the international stage , performing in front of sold-out crowds at venues around the world . Her latest release , "  Man Hamoon Iranam , " or "  I Am the Same Iran , " is also dedicated to the young Iranians who died in the unrest . Scores of musicians have tuned into the cause , showing support both in performance and on the Internet . Just last week in Barcelona , Spain , the band U2 dedicated the song "  Sunday Bloody Sunday " to the Iranian people and performed under a green-lit banner as Farsi lyrics scrolled up the screen . The opposition in Iran has adopted green as its unifying color . Other Iran-related videos that went viral on YouTube are the remake of "  Stand By Me " by Iranian singer Andy and American rockers Bon Jovi ; Joan Baez 's "  We Shall Overcome " tribute ; and Wyclef Jean 's performance of "  Equal Rights and Justice . " "  I hope the Iranians realize that here in the West there are people supporting and backing their movement to seek freedom , and we would like to motivate them to keep going , " said Mams Taylor . "  The world has lost many Nedas , most of them the world will never know , " said Dariush . "  There are many Nedas out there whose voices ca n't be heard , there are Nedas in prisons that are being tortured , there are Nedas screaming in the streets -- walking the fine line between life and death everyday . But she has become the symbol for all of them . "	Mams Taylor , other artists join together to produce "  United for Neda " Song is one of support for the Iranian people in wake of crackdown "  House of Sand and Fog " actress was another participant Other Iran-related videos have gone viral on YouTube
CNN  -- GROUP A June 8 : Poland v Greece , Warsaw  1600 June 8 : Russia v Czech Republic , Wroclaw  1845 June 12 : Greece v Czech Republic , Wroclaw  1600 June 12 : Poland v Russia , Warsaw  1845 June 16 : Greece v Russia , Warsaw  1845 June 16 : Czech Republic v Poland , Wroclaw  1845 GROUP B June 9 : Netherlands v Denmark , Kharkiv  1600 June 9 : Germany v Portugal , Lviv  1845 June 13 : Denmark v Portugal , Lviv  1600 June 13 : Netherlands v Germany , Kharkiv  1845 June 17 : Portugal v Netherlands , Kharkiv  1845 June 17 : Denmark v Germany , Lviv  1845 GROUP C June 10 : Spain v Italy , Gdansk  1600 June 10 : Republic of Ireland v Croatia , Poznan  1845 June 14 : Italy v Croatia , Poznan  1600 June 14 : Spain v Republic of Ireland , Gdansk  1845 June 18 : Croatia v Spain , Gdansk  1845 June 18 : Italy v Republic of Ireland , Poznan  1845 GROUP D June 11 : France v England , Donetsk  1600 June 11 : Ukraine v Sweden , Kiev  1845 June 15 : Sweden v England , Kiev  1600 June 15 : Ukraine v France , Donetsk  1845 June 19 : Sweden v France , Kiev  1845 June 19 : England v Ukraine , Donetsk  1845 QUARTERFINALS June 21 : Winner Group A  Czech Republic  v Runner-up Group B  Portugal  , Warsaw  1845 June 22 : Winner Group B  Germany  v Runner-up Group A  Greece  , Gdansk  1845 June 23 : Winner Group C  Spain  v Runner-up Group D  France  , Donetsk  1845 June 24 : Winner Group D  England  v Runner-up Group C  Italy  , Kiev  1845 SEMIFINALS June 27 : Winner Q1  Portugal  v Winner Q3 , Donetsk  1845 June 28 : Winner Q2 v Winner Q4 , Warsaw  1845 FINAL July 1 : Winner S1 v S2 , Kiev  1845	Co-hosts Poland kick off the tournament against Greece in Warsaw on June 8 Euro 2012 will be contested over 30 matches between 16 nations The Ukrainian capital of Kiev will host the final on July 1
CNN  -- When Apostolos Polyzonis 's bank refused to see him last September , the 55-year-old Greek businessman had just 10 euros  $ 13  in his pocket . Out of work and bankrupt , he thought all he could do with his remaining money was to buy a gas can . Desperate and angry , Polyzonis stood outside the bank in central Thessaloniki , in northern Greece , doused himself in fuel and surrendered to the flames . "  At that moment , I saw my life as worthless , I really did n't care if I was going to live or die , " recalls Polyzonis , who says he was hit by financial troubles after the bank recalled a loan given to him for his business . "  My sense of living was much lower than my sense of self-respect and pride , the fact that I had lost my right to be a free Greek , " adds Polyzonis . Polyzonis , a father of three , was eventually saved by police . He recovered after spending seven days in hospital on life support . His public protest made headlines and touched a nerve with many Greeks bearing the burden of a worsening debt crisis . One in five Greeks was unemployed last year , according to Eurostat figures . Many more have suffered unprecedented hardship due to increasing pension and salary cuts . "  I do n't feel proud about it , no way , but all these situations made me lose my self-respect and feel like I 've been deprived of my rights , " says Polyzonis , "  because being able to pay your taxes is not only an obligation but also a right . People should have the possibility to pay their taxes , to pay their obligations to others , to offer the basic goods to their family so they can feel that they live with self-respect and dignity . " Until now , Polyzonis 's self-immolation was the most vivid image of a singular public act of protest in a country that 's been shaken by anti-austerity violence . But Greece was jolted even more Wednesday after a 77-year-old man took his own life in the busy Syntagma Square , central Athens , the scene of several violent clashes between anti-austerity protesters and the police in recent months . Just a few hundred yards away from the Greek Parliament , retired pharmacist Dimitris Christoulas shot himself with a handgun amid the morning rush hour , in what was apparently a protest over the financial crisis gripping the nation . Minor clashes between police and protesters followed a vigil held Wednesday night to mark his death . Up to 1,000 people gathered for another rally Thursday in Syntagma Square , which was largely peaceful apart from a few scuffles between small groups of protesters , Athens police said . In his suicide note , Christoulas wrote that the government had made it impossible for him to survive , according to Greek state TV . Christoulas 's death can be added to an increasing number of suicides in Greece , as more people feel hopeless amid the worst economic crisis in the country 's recent history : according to the health ministry data , the suicide rate jumped about 40 % in the first five months of 2011 compared with a year earlier . "  The further we go into the crisis , the more things get ugly , " says Aris Violatzis of Klimaka , a non-governmental organization that runs a suicide helpline in Greece . The group -- Klimaka translates as "  scale " -- says it receives up to 100 calls a day , with three of four callers citing economic problems as their main concern . In 2007 , just before Greece fell into recession , the helpline used to take 10 calls a day maximum , explains Violatzis , and only one in four callers mentioned economic issues . "  The social framework in Greece has become pathogenic -- we have a morbid social environment where one of its symptoms is suicide , " he adds . Under its second bailout program , approved last month , Greece has agreed to implement a series of austerity measures and undertake broader reforms to make its economy more competitive . New taxes , rising unemployment and cuts to pay , pensions and social welfare provisions have brought many ordinary Greeks to their knees . As Greece remains mired in financial woes -- the country 's economy is heading for its fifth year of recession -- many now fear that Christoulas 's public act of protest could find more imitators . "  I believe there are going to be more suicides and that 's what got the government worrying , " says archaeologist Despoina Koutsoumpa , who was among the hundreds who rushed yesterday in Syntagma Square to pay tributes to Christoulas . "  His act was a punch in the stomach for all of us . It made you realize that the overthrowing of these policies requires self-sacrifice , like in Tunisia and in Egypt where hundreds of people died , " Koutsoumpa , a regular at the anti-austerity demonstrations in Athens , told CNN . "  In Greece there are also hundreds of people dying because of the crisis , people we do n't see -- there are suicides over debts , there are people dying in the streets because they do n't have anything to eat , " she adds . "  A lot of people here understand that there will have to be even sacrifices of people in order to get rid of the situation . " Seven months after setting himself on fire , Polyzonis says more and more Greeks find themselves close to the desperate condition he was in last September . "  The situation is becoming every day worse , " he says . "  Every day people lose their jobs , every day people are unable to pay rent for their house , the basics to find something to eat -- the last step before doing what I did or what another human being yesterday did in Greece . "	Suicide rate in Greece jumped 40 % year-on-year in first five months of 2011 Apostolos Polyzonis set himself on fire outside his bank last year after falling into financial trouble Polyzonis : "  I had lost my right to be a free Greek " Dimitris Christoulas shot himself Wednesday in central Athens during morning rush hour
CNN  Oscar Pistorius was a "  broken man " following the death of his girlfriend , a psychologist said Monday , as the defense used a sentencing hearing to persuade the judge of his fragile emotional state . Lore Hartzenberg said the Olympian described his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , as the right person for him . But the prosecution slammed her findings , calling them unobjective . "  We 're dealing with a broken man -- but he 's still alive , " Prosecutor Gerrie Nel said in apparent reference to the fact that Steenkamp is not . "  He has lost his love relationship ... but he will be able to love somebody else like that , " Nel said . The onetime South African sporting hero was found guilty of negligent killing last month in the 2013 death of his girlfriend . He returned to court Monday for a hearing that will determine whether he 's going to prison . Judge Thokozile Masipa , who presided over his high-profile trial and delivered the verdict last month , will decide his sentence . Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide , the South African term for unintentionally , but unlawfully , killing a person . However , Masipa cleared him of murder in the killing of Steenkamp , a model and law school graduate . He was granted bail pending the sentencing hearing . The hearing is likely to take several days , as both prosecution and defense will have the chance to put their arguments and evidence before the court . There is no legal minimum or maximum sentence for culpable homicide under South African law , so it will be up to the judge to decide . A typical sentence is five to eight years . But it is a principle of South African law that the sentence should be tailored to the culprit as a whole person , as opposed to the crime . That makes predicting a sentence difficult , said Kelly Phelps , a CNN legal analyst . The judge also found Pistorius guilty of one weapons-related charge involving a shooting at a restaurant . The maximum penalty for that is five years behind bars . But he could get a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . It 's likely that a pre-sentence report will be presented to the court , which may recommend a sentence -- although the judge is not bound by it . Also , both the prosecution and defense probably will tell the court what they consider an appropriate sentence to be . Prison life ? If Pistorius is sent to prison , it 's not clear whether his disability will allow him any special treatment . And daily life behind bars likely would not be easy . Born with a congenital abnormality , he had both his legs amputated below the knee before his first birthday and uses prosthetic limbs to get around . The carbon-fiber blades he used to compete on the track -- before Steenkamp 's killing abruptly halted his running career -- earned him the nickname "  Bladerunner . " During his trial , his defense highlighted his vulnerability when on his stumps , while a court-ordered psychiatric assessment found that he was depressed , suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder , and a suicide risk . South Africa 's prisons , meanwhile , are notorious for their overcrowding , which puts a strain on sanitation , ventilation and medical care for inmates . Pistorius would likely receive far better treatment than the average prisoner , as he has throughout the judicial process , said Nooshin Erfani-Ghadimi , project coordinator for the Johannesburg-based Wits Justice Project , a civil society group . Even so , she said , it will not make much difference . "  I do n't think anyone with a disability necessarily will be able to be provided for at the moment in a way that ensures that they would have the correct medical treatment , that they have the correct physical structures , " she said . Steenkamp was model and law graduate with ` wicked ' sense of humor ` Conduct was negligent ' Pistorius , 27 , has always admitted firing the bullets that killed his girlfriend Steenkamp , 29 , a cover model about to turn reality-TV star . He pleaded not guilty to murdering her on Valentine 's Day last year , saying he mistook her for a burglar in his home and the killing was a tragic mistake . But in grabbing his gun and heading toward the supposed threat , Pistorius "  acted too hastily and used excessive force , " Masipa ruled last month . "  His conduct was negligent " and not what a reasonable man would do in the circumstances -- not even a disabled one , she said . Defense arguments about his upbringing in a crime-riddled environment might explain his conduct that night , but it does not excuse it , the judge said . "  The accused had reasonable time to reflect , to think and to conduct himself reasonably , " she said . Who is ` Blade Runner ' Oscar Pistorius ? Appeals process Pistorius can appeal the verdict or the sentence , potentially to the Supreme Court of Appeal and even eventually to the South African Constitutional Court . The state can appeal only if it believes the judge misinterpreted the law in reaching her verdict . The right to appeal depends on whether , based on the facts of the case , the initial judge or magistrate believes a different court could possibly reach a different verdict . The Constitutional Court was once just for cases regarding constitutional matters , but a recent act of South Africa 's Parliament broadened the court 's responsibilities . Steenkamp 's mother stunned by verdict , wants to meet Pistorius CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius will be sentenced by Judge Thokozile Masipa She cleared him of murder , but found him guilty of culpable homicide There is no legal minimum or maximum term for culpable homicide Pistorius will also be sentenced on weapons-related charge for a restaurant shooting
CNN  -- Rust Cohle 's pessimistic "  True Detective " monologues expressing the meaninglessness of life have proved meaningful to one online author -- and he 's accusing "  True Detective 's " writer , Nic Pizzolatto , of plagiarizing from other sources . On Monday , Mike Davis -- the editor of a site devoted to horror writer H.P. Lovecraft and Lovecraft 's "  Cthulhu Mythos " -- published a long conversation with Jon Padgett , who oversees a website devoted to the reclusive horror writer Thomas Ligotti . In the piece , the pair compare phrases from Cohle 's "  Detective " speeches with Ligotti 's work and conclude that Pizzolatto plagiarized from Ligotti , lifting or paraphrasing from a Ligotti work called "  The Conspiracy Against the Human Race . " Pizzolatto has been nominated for an Emmy for his script , one of seven nominations received by the HBO series . Star Matthew McConaughey , who played Cohle , is also up for an Emmy .  HBO , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner . "  Writers work hard to produce original ideas , stories , and dialogue , and it is unfair for another writer to pawn off those ideas as their own . Mr. Pizzolatto has been nominated for an Emmy for writing ` True Detective , ' while Thomas Ligotti labors in near obscurity . Though I have agonized over whether I should write this article , in the end I felt that morally I have no choice , " Davis wrote . Davis and Padgett 's allegations were picked up by others , notably a Reddit conversation that had people on both sides of the issue . "  After reading all the examples , nothing really seemed that terrible , " wrote lord_allonymous . "  Rust 's first speech , the human consciousness one , is all lifted in practice from Ligotti 's material . It is barely paraphrased . So yes , Nic P is a plagiarist , " responded Voduar . Other observers have also doubted Davis and Padgett 's conclusions as the story has made its way around the Web . Pizzolatto said there was no plagiarism involved . "  Nothing in the television show ` True Detective ' was plagiarized , " he said in a statement . "  The philosophical thoughts expressed by Rust Cohle do not represent any thought or idea unique to any one author ; rather these are the philosophical tenets of a pessimistic , anti-natalist philosophy with an historic tradition including Arthur Schopenhauer , Friedrich Nietzsche , E.M. Cioran , and various other philosophers , all of whom express these ideas . ... The ideas within this philosophy are certainly not exclusive to any writer . " He 's freely admitted Ligotti 's influence in an interview with The Wall Street Journal , as well as that of other authors . HBO stood by Pizzolatto . " ` True Detective ' is a work of exceptional originality and the story , plot , characters and dialogue are that of Nic Pizzolatto , " the network said in a statement . "  Philosophical concepts are free for anyone to use , including writers of fiction , and there have been many such examples in the past . ... We stand by the show , its writing and Nic Pizzolatto entirely . " Of course , as Sean O'Neal of the Onion A.V. Club observed -- channeling Ligotti , Nietzsche and other philosophical wet blankets -- "  who 's to say what is ` theft ' in a cold and empty universe ? " For their part , the Redditors are already pessimistically downgrading their expectations for Season 2 , which some noted has similarities to the movie "  Chinatown . " "  My suspicion is we get a bad season 2 and never hear from Nic P again , " wrote Voduar . "  He does n't have the time , he is plagiarizing a less likeable work , and for f**k s sake Colin Farrell . " ` True Detective ' season finale : Did you love it ?	"  True Detective " writer Nic Pizzolatto accused of plagiarizing In essay , e-zine editor says Pizzolatto took from author Thomas Ligotti Pizzolatto and defenders say he was drawing from many philosophers "  True Detective " up for seven Emmys , including one for writer
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department says it has helped relocate a number of people in other countries who , it says , could be in danger because their names have appeared in diplomatic cables revealed by Wikileaks . "  We are focused on people who have been identified in documents , " spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday , "  and assess whether there 's a greater risk to them of violence , imprisonment , or other , you know , serious harm , particularly in repressive societies around the world . " "  In a small number of cases , we have assisted people in moving from where they are to -- to safer locations , " he said . He declined to say precisely how many people have been re-located but described it as "  a handful . " The State Department refused a request from WikiLeaks to help redact sensitive information before the documents were released in November , saying the documents were illegally obtained and should not be published . WikiLeaks began releasing what it says are 250,000 cables in small batches to four media outlets that , in turn , did some redaction on their own before publishing their stories . WikiLeaks published the redacted documents only when the outlets -- The New York Times , Germany 's Der Spiegel , Spain 's El Pais and Britain 's The Guardian -- published their stories . Crowley said the Department has identified "  several hundred " people around the world who could be affected and it continues to pour through documents to assess their situation . Potential targets include , Crowley "  civil society , journalists , government officials . " "  In a few instances , we have provided assistance to individuals at risk , and we will continue to reach out to them , to monitor their situation . " In particular cases , Crowley said , the United States has "  made it clear to governments that any adverse actions against individuals identified by WikiLeaks will affect , you know , future relations with those governments . " Crowley denied that informing governments could reveal the identities of potential victims . "  We make clear to governments , without discussing particular identities that , you know , if -- if they do for some reason move on individuals that may be exposed in cables , that that will be something that affects our relations . " "  In certain cases , the people who might be identified are already well known to us and well known to specific governments . " The information is being compiled by a State Department team created in November . It is analyzing Wikileaks documents , Crowley said , and it is "  intensively focused on this on an ongoing basis . " The team includes 30 to 60 staff at any given time . Much of the team 's activity , he said , "  is focused here at the State Department . In some cases , the activity is focused at embassies and consulates around the world . "	Crowley : "  A small number " of people have been moved "  to safer locations Crowley says "  several hundred " people could be affected Government warns countries against "  adverse actions " against anyone identified
Madrid  CNN  -- A Madrid street cleaners strike that has left trash piling up for two weeks appears headed for a pivotal point on Saturday , when city hall aims to enforce minimum trash pickup services by using national -- not municipal -- workers , city and union representatives said . Pressure has been building on Mayor Ana Botella from hotel and shop owners , who have been outspoken in saying the strike is hurting the city 's image and their businesses , and from neighborhood associations who complain that trash and broken glass are littering the streets . The human cost of Spain 's financial crisis About the only respite for the Spanish capital has been that workers who pick up garbage from homes and restaurants are not on strike . But the street cleaners are very much on strike , so that trash receptacles on the street are overflowing , especially the large bins for glass and paper recycling . And the autumn leaves are n't being swept up either . Peruvian businessman Jack Falcon was visiting the emblematic Plaza Mayor this week and told CNN , "  It 's impossible not to notice it . It 's very sad . The city looks absolutely dirty . " His wife , Raquel , added , "  It looks horrible ... everywhere you walk . " There are concerns about potential health hazards . The city says it has not reached that point but is monitoring the situation closely . Six thousand street and parks cleaners went on strike on November 5 , after three large private services companies that share the city concession for street cleaning announced 1,134 job cuts -- an 18 % reduction of the workforce -- and threatened salary reductions for those remaining . Mayor Botella initially said that since these services are outsourced , it was up to those companies and the workers ' unions to resolve the issue . Minimum services were stipulated : that 40 % of the normal cleanup would occur on the streets , and 25 % in the parks . But that 's not happening , and the few cleaning crews that are working -- in the city 's main tourist areas -- do so under police protection . Companies blame union pickets for the lack of minimum services but the unions blame the companies . Spain turning back the clock on siestas "  The situation will get worse if the strike continues , " the Madrid shop owners association said in a prepared statement , "  because we 're just ahead of the Christmas holidays , a sales period that is vital for stores . " On November 13 , Botella announced a 48-hour deadline , warning that minimum services would have to be carried out or the city would impose them , using workers from a company that 's part of the national Ministry of Agriculture . But unions representing the Agriculture Ministry cleaning workers , from a company called Tragsa , issued a statement saying they would n't comply because they also are facing sharp job cuts . Spain 's unemployment rate climbs to record high The street cleaners strike is another example of how hard it is for Spain to get out of its long economic crisis . Many Spanish cities , like Madrid , are in debt and have outsourced services , trying to cut costs . And the companies with the concessions say that , for efficiency 's sake , they need to hold workers ' costs in line . The unions for Madrid 's street cleaners vow to stand firm and said city hall 's attempt to use a national workforce for minimum services could lead to "  disagreeable scenes " confronting workers against workers , said Juan Carlos del Rio , of the General Workers Union . The unions vow to stand firm , but acknowledge that Saturday is also the deadline when negotiations expire on the strike issues . It means , Del Rio said , that the companies could begin to carry out all 1,134 job cuts , even though in negotiations the two sides had discussed formulas to reduce the cuts to around 600 jobs in exchange for other concessions from the remaining workers . There was no agreement on that formula either . And the trash keeps piling up .	Hotel , shop owners calling for intervention in Madrid street cleaners strike The city may call in national workers to do the job municipal workers have not Peruvian businessman : "  It 's very sad . The city looks absolutely dirty " The strike erupted after word of 1,134 jobs cuts , with salary reductions for those remaining
CNN  -- For nine seasons , Rainn Wilson delighted audiences worldwide as the eccentric but lovable Dwight Schrute on NBC 's "  The Office . " Wilson 's performance earned him a place in American pop culture history . But in his work off screen , Wilson is building an entirely different legacy . "  When I started getting well known as an actor on ` The Office , ' I got inundated by requests to be a spokesperson for various charities . And I had an opportunity , I thought , for me to explore what was most important to me in my heart , and what I felt could make the greatest impact in the world , " Wilson says . Wilson then found the perfect match . The Mona Foundation , based in Wilson 's hometown of Seattle , supports grass-roots educational organizations both internationally and in the United States . "  They support about 20 different schools and educational initiatives in about 15 different countries , and the more I learned about them , the more I loved . They target women and girls , and that 's how you transform a community , " says Wilson . A major difference from other organizations , Wilson points out , is that the Mona Foundation finds programs that already exist and are working but underfunded . It is then able to bring in the support to improve the program and build a foundation for long-term success . Wilson says this ensures that the community will get what it really needs and can sustain . It empowers members of the community to take control and move in a positive direction . Working with the Mona Foundation is a family affair for Wilson . It 's a project to which he and his wife , Holiday Reinhorn , are both fully committed . They visit the schools under the Mona Foundation umbrella frequently and sometimes bring along their son . Wilson and Reinhorn have visited the Mona Foundation schools in Haiti a handful of times -- both before and after the devastating earthquake in 2010 . "  One of the things my wife and I do together is we teach arts workshops for adolescent girls . They 're the most at-risk population in Haiti and through most of the developing world : teenage girls , preteen girls . Targeting them to empower them and educate them is really the most crucial thing . We do arts and leadership workshops with them , " Wilson continues . "  We 're sponsoring some girls and giving them scholarships to get jobs training and English training . English training is very important , because it leads to jobs . It 's not like a Western egotism thing , like oh , you should learn to speak American . It really is -- if you learn to speak fluent English , you can get a job as a translator or in a hotel or a restaurant or for an NGO or for any number of different places . It 's actually a very important skill set to have . So , I love weaving the arts in with leadership , helping give these girls a voice . "	Star of "  The Office " Rainn Wilson supports The Mona Foundation The foundation focuses on empowering young women and girls through education It has programs both internationally and in the United States His wife and son accompany Wilson on visits to Mona Foundation schools
Madrid  CNN  -- More than 70 people were injured in clashes in Madrid on Wednesday as Spanish police used rubber bullets and batons to disperse anti-austerity protesters , witnesses and emergency workers said . Protesters , including a group of miners who have marched on the capital , are demonstrating against Spain 's government and the cuts it is imposing as it seeks to curb the country 's debt crisis . Hundreds of people quickly moved out of the area as police moved in , with witnesses reporting the use of rubber bullets and batons by officers . Madrid 's ambulance service said 76 people were injured in clashes at or near the Industry Ministry . Miners were among the 43 protesters who were injured , and 33 police also were hurt . Eight are receiving hospital treatment , but the injuries are not serious , the ambulance service said . A number of miners reached Madrid on Tuesday night after taking part in what has been dubbed the "  Black March , " covering 450 kilometers  280 miles  over the course of two-and-a-half weeks . They were joined by thousands of other miners and supporters in a large protest Tuesday night and another demonstration Wednesday outside the Industry Ministry . The miners are protesting a 64 % cut in the government subsidy to the mining sector this year , from 301 million euros to 111 million euros . Unions say this endangers the jobs of 8,000 miners and 22,000 auxiliary jobs that serve mining regions where 200,000 people live and depend on mines . The clashes came as Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announced an increase in the country 's general sales tax from 18 % to 21 % , as well as spending reductions that include cutting employment benefits after six months . Announcing the measures to lawmakers , Rajoy said they would slash the budget by 65 billion euros  $ 80 billion  over two-and-a-half years . The European Commission welcomed the move , saying it was an "  important step " toward Spain meeting its deficit target for the year , Spain 's Efe news agency said . Spain 's economic crisis also has worsened since last year . The nation has slipped back into a recession ; the unemployment rate has risen to 24 % overall , and more than 50 % for those under age 25 ; and the government has already enacted billions of dollars in austerity cuts , along with some tax hikes , to reduce the budget deficit . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : 43 protesters and 33 police are injured in clashes , Madrid ambulance service says Spanish police use rubber bullets and batons to disperse protesters Miners are protesting cuts to government subsidies for the mining sector Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announces a sales tax increase and more spending cuts
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Violence flared in southern Afghanistan , with a NATO-led service member killed Saturday and 20 suspected insurgents slain in Helmand province Friday , authorities said . U.S. Marines fire a 120mm mortar on a suspected Taliban position Friday in Helmand Province , Afghanistan . The violence comes as NATO members meet in Europe to discuss the fight against the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said the service member died after being wounded by a roadside bomb . It did not specify the province where it happened or the victim 's nationality . "  On behalf of ISAF , I offer our condolences to the loved ones of this brave service member , " said Brig. Gen. Richard Blanchette , ISAF spokesman . "  We can not lessen their pain , but we can , and do commit ourselves to honoring this sacrifice as we strive to bring security to the Afghan people . " The U.S. military said the 20 suspected insurgents were killed in clashes with Afghan soldiers and coalition forces on Friday in the Kajaki district of Helmand province . "  The combined forces were conducting a combat reconnaissance patrol in a known Taliban stronghold in order to deny insurgents ' freedom of movement when they were ambushed by numerous armed insurgents with mortar and small-arms fire , " the military said . The fighting in Helmand 's Kajaki district happened during operations targeting suspected Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan , suspected of bomb-making , weapons smuggling , drug activity and attacks on Afghan and coalition soldiers , the U.S. military said in a statement .	Twenty insurgents died Friday in clashes with Afghan soldiers , coalition forces NATO-led service member killed Saturday in Helmand province , south Afghanistan Afghan , coalition soldiers in region targeting bombmakers , weapons smugglers Clashes come as NATO members discuss operations against Taliban , al Qaeda
CNN  -- Dick Traum , who made history as the first amputee to run a marathon , has a message of hope and triumph to those who lost limbs during the Boston Marathon bombings . "  If I lost a leg in Boston , you know what I would be thinking of is that I 'm going to come back next year and slay the monster , " said Traum , who ran the New York City Marathon in 1976 on a prosthetic leg . Traum , now 72 , participated in last week 's Boston Marathon in a hand-cranked wheelchair . He finished the race three hours before the twin explosions struck near the marathon 's finish line , killing three and wounding more than 260 . His personal story demonstrates how the victims of last week 's Boston terror bombings can overcome the devastating setback of losing a limb . At least 13 of those injured in the Boston attacks underwent amputations . While it might sound crazy to even think about running 26.2 miles after a devastating injury , Traum has invited the amputees to join him and his nonprofit group of disabled runners , Achilles International , to participate in next year 's Boston Marathon . "  I would tell them the marathon is a lunatic fringe , but as they progress out of the hospital , we 'd love to have them join us in Boston , " said Traum , who lost his leg when a car hit him in 1965 . His work with disabled athletes earned him a CNN Hero nomination last year . The patients do n't have to run in the first year of recuperation -- although it 's been done before . Newcomer amputees can use hand-cranked wheelchairs as Traum did this year , in an act of mercy on his 72-year-old joints . As these victims work on physically recovering from their injuries , they also must cope with the emotional shock of losing a part of their body . "  I do n't think I ever had a more horrifying moment in my life than when I pulled the cover up after my surgery and I saw my leg was gone , " said Denise Castelli , a triathlete and softball player who lost her right leg below the knee four years ago at age 23 . "  It was like , this is your life now and there 's no looking back . Unfortunately you ca n't grow a limb back , and it is very frightening . " While she did not compete in this year 's Boston Marathon , she had an emotional reaction after learning of the horrendous attacks . "  My first reaction was I just want to give them a hug , to let them know they will be OK , " Castelli said . "  I have no doubt in my mind that any of the marathoners who lost a limb will run a marathon again . " Waking to the new reality can be tortuous . The patients confront the anguish of a loss just short of life itself , and yet they must find a way to advance themselves . "  The initial phase of recovery for the victim is going to be psychological , accepting what happened to them and stop asking ` Why did this happen to me ? ' and move forward to the next step , " said Roy Perkins , senior director of programs for the Challenged Athletes Foundation , which supports people with disabilities in their pursuit of athletics and an active life . Dr. Andrew Ulrich , executive vice chair of emergency medicine at Boston Medical Center , which treated victims of the marathon blasts , described recovery as "  an extended process . " "  It 's going to take a long time , " Ulrich said . "  As the patients come to more realization as to what happened , there 's going to be a lot of work to be done in a lot of places . "  Everyone is going to figure how to go forward , " he said . Opinion : Amputees never say ' I ca n't ' Family and friends will play key roles in overcoming grief and depression . "  There 's so many times when I got down on myself , and my confidence would waver , and parents and friends would say ` You can do this , hang on , ' " Castelli said . "  They tried to be as encouraging as possible . That helped me cope a lot . " Lindsay Ess , a quadruple amputee , urged the victims to be resilient . As hard as it may seem , life does improve , she said . Her limbs were removed in 2006 after she suffered from Crohn 's disease and organ failure brought on by septic shock . "  I 've been there , and I could tell them that it gets better . Just never give up , " Ess said . Counseling and physical therapy become like a "  full-time job , " she said . "  That 's huge , " she said , "  because for a long time I did n't want to take any pills that would make me happy . I did n't want to accept that I needed the medication to stabilize . "  You have to realize that it 's not forever , " she continued . "  It 's something that you have to deal with and fight , and keep fighting . " The rewards can be profound . "  You will love yourself even more afterwards because of how much you have gone through and overcome , " Ess said . "  And other people probably will never be able to relate . And in a way that 's a good thing , because they did n't have the opportunity to have a near-death experience and live . " Mike Lenhart ran this week 's Boston Marathon as a guide to an amputee runner who had completed a sports camp operated by Lenhart 's Getting 2 Tri Foundation . The two men were about four blocks from the finish line when they heard the bomb blast , which Lenhart said sounded like a garbage truck dropping a Dumpster . He and amputee runner Richard Blalock were n't injured . Lenhart attests to how science keeps improving an amputee 's quality of life . His foundation promotes people with disabilities swimming , cycling , running and racing wheelchairs as a way to integrate in their communities . "  We 're at a point in this country where the technology is much more advanced than 20 years ago regarding prosthetic limbs , " Lenhart said . "  It used to be , 20 years ago , you got an ugly rubber foot and it was n't very functional . And now they 're very functional . " Insurance companies will pay for a prosthetic leg used for walking , but they do n't typically cover prosthetic legs used for running or cycling , which can cost between $ 25,000 and $ 40,000 each , said Jenna Novotny of the Challenged Athletes Foundation . That 's why the foundation awards annual grants -- $ 1.9 million to more than 1,200 para-athletes around the world this month -- to pay for the running prosthetic legs and other adaptive equipment , Novotny said . The foundation has also started a fundraising web page for the Boston victims who lost limbs . Castelli , 27 , did n't trust her prosthetic leg at first . Would it support her next step ? She spent about six months learning how to walk on it . After two more months , she learned how to run . "  I feared falling , " said Castelli , who was a collegiate softball player when she broke her leg sliding into second base on a steal , leading to infection and ultimately amputation . "  And there 's always a fear that if I ca n't run , then it would be a reminder of what my life used to be , that I would never be that speedy little center fielder . My entire life I identified myself as an athlete . " Eight months after she learned how to run , she tested her old identity : She signed up for a women 's softball league in West Milford , New Jersey , as the only amputee in the league , she said . She conquered the amputation in her first at-bat , she recounted proudly . She hit a home run . And because the field had no fence and an outfielder chased down the ball , she enjoyed no home run trot . She ran . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Para-athletes offer hope to Boston Marathon blast victims who lost limbs Recovery is "  an extended process " as patients deal with amputation , a doctor says "  Just never give up , " a quadruple amputee urges An athlete who lost a leg below the knee at age 23 tells of her comeback with a home run
CNN  -- The uncle of a Utah motorcyclist pulled from underneath a burning car by a group of bystanders told his nephew 's rescuers they are "  heroes to our family . " Tyler Riggs spoke to CNN 's Piers Morgan one day after a group of construction workers , students and other bystanders turned into a ragtag team of first responders to save Brandon Wright , 21 . The accident happened Monday on a street near Utah State University in Logan and was captured on video . "  I thank you on behalf of my family , and I know that my nephew Brandon will hope to thank you at some point , too . I know that you might be shy and want to dislodge the title , but you are heroes to our family , " Riggs said , adding that his nephew is in good spirits . "  He was talking to us earlier and going through physical therapy and felt good after that . Things could have been much worse . " Sgt. Jason Olsen of the Logan police was the first officer on the scene . He was about to motion to a fellow responding officer to grab a jack when , "  I realized that these citizens had already organized and were just going to manually lift  the car  up . " The crash occurred when a BMW pulled out of a parking lot and in front of the motorcyclist . Jeff Curtis , assistant chief of Logan police , said the motorcyclist tried to avoid the car , which resulted in him laying the motorcycle down . After crashing , gas spilled out of the motorcycle and ignited , engulfing both the motorcycle and the front end of the car in flames , Curtis said . The motorcyclist became lodged underneath the burning vehicle . The video , shot by Chris Garff , shows several startled bystanders looking under the BMW as flames leap into the air . The crowd quickly grows to include a man in a suit , construction workers wearing hard hats , a woman in sandals and a young man carrying a backpack , the video shows . After one person in the group tries to pick up the blazing car , the crowd joins in and lifts the 4,000-pound vehicle . "  I do remember one gentleman saying , ` We need everybody to come and help lift , ' and that 's when everybody ran over , " Olsen recalled . One of the bystanders drags the fallen motorcyclist from under the vehicle , the video shows . Wright was rushed to a hospital and was in stable condition after surgery Monday evening , Curtis said . The driver of the car was not seriously injured . The man Curtis believes to be the driver appears in the video dressed in a dark suit . He stood a little off to the side from the group and did not help lift the car , the video shows . After Wright is pulled from underneath the vehicle , the man in the suit walks over to look at the motorcyclist . "  He was in a shock , " Curtis said about the driver , adding that any possible charges related to the traffic accident are pending . "  It was frightening , " said Garff , who shot the scene from the ninth floor of a nearby building . "  You do n't really see something like that and then when you do , it 's inspiring . It gives us hope , " he told HLN 's "  Prime News . " Police are looking for the good Samaritans to recognize them at a city council meeting for their actions . Most have already been identified , Curtis said . Three of them , all Utah State University students , spoke to CNN Tuesday . Anvar Suyundikov said he tried not to think of the danger as he jumped in to help . "  At first , when I saw it was a fire , I did n't think about myself , " said Suyundikov "  I thought about this poor guy underneath the car , and I thought the car was going to explode . " Another student , James Odei said , "  All that came to my mind was if it was my son or my kid brother or anybody that is known to me , the first thing I would have done was to help that person . So all I did was quickly rush and give a helping hand . " Abbass al-Sharif said he did not think he or the others who helped were heroes . "  We are just human beings trying to help another human being . It is like our human instinct , " he said . But police believe the bystanders are heroes . "  Each of those people put their lives in danger as they do what they can to rescue Brandon , " Curtis told "  Prime News . " The area where Wright crashed is highly trafficked , Olsen said . "  I think had this accident happened in a suburban area we would n't have gotten that kind of response -- we would have never had that kind of manpower , " he said . Olsen added : "  It speaks volumes to what people will do in a tragic situation to help another person out . " CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report . Watch Prime News weekdays at 5pm ET on HLN . For the latest from Prime News click here .	"  We are just human beings trying to help , another human being , " bystander said Tyler Riggs said his nephew is in good spirits Bystanders rescued Brandon Wright , who was trapped under a burning car The group is credited with saving his life
CNN  Twice-convicted murderer Warren Lee Hill was executed Tuesday , according to the Georgia Department of Corrections . Despite pleas by human rights groups and legal representatives who have argued that Hill 's intellectual disability should have made him ineligible for the death penalty , Hill died by injection at the prison in Jackson , Georgia . His time of death was 7:55 p.m. ET , said spokeswoman Gwendolyn Hogan . Hill declined to make a final statement , but requested a final prayer , Hogan said . Hill 's attorney slammed the U.S. Supreme Court , which declined to step in and grant a stay of execution . "  Today , the court has unconscionably allowed a grotesque miscarriage of justice to occur in Georgia , " said Brian Kammer , Hill 's lawyer . "  The intellectual disability community , which has strongly supported Mr. Hill 's case for many years , joined his legal team in the belief that the Supreme Court would step in and prevent Georgia 's flagrant disregard of the Constitution on behalf of the rights of people with disabilities , " said Kammer . He described the execution as "  an abomination . " The Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles similarly voted to deny clemency . The board said in a release that its members "  thoroughly reviewed the parole case file on the inmate , which includes the circumstances of the death penalty case , the inmate 's criminal history , and a comprehensive history of the inmate 's life " to reach their decision . In a joint statement released Tuesday , the NAACP , the Georgia Council on Developmental Disabilities , and Georgians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty called the board 's decision to deny clemency , "  an embarrassment to our state . " They condemned the legal system for "  failing to protect those who are most vulnerable . " The groups invited "  those concerned about Georgia 's criminal justice practices , " to join them at vigils in several cities around the state before Hill 's scheduled execution . Federal law -- stemming from a 2002 Virginia case that went to the U.S. Supreme Court -- says executing intellectually disabled individuals violates the Eighth Amendment 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment . But the ruling also allows states to define intellectual disability . In Georgia , that means attorneys for death row inmates have to prove mental impairment "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  This is the strictest standard in any jurisdiction in the nation , " Kammer said . Hill 's execution comes two weeks after the state executed Andrew Brannan , a Vietnam War veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder who killed Laurens County Deputy Kyle Dinkheller in 1998 . Kammer also was Brannan 's counsel . Kammer , who has represented Hill for 20 years , said in any other state , Hill would have served a life sentence . Hill was sentenced to death in 1990 for killing fellow prison inmate Joseph Handspike , beating him to death with a nail-studded board . At the time , Hill had been serving a life sentence for the 1985 shooting death of his girlfriend Myra Wright . "  We acknowledge that Mr. Hill should be held accountable for his actions and behavior , " Torin Togut , president of the Arc of Georgia , said in a letter written on Hill 's behalf . "  However , it is our contention that Mr. Hill , who has an intellectual disability , should not be subject to capital punishment . " The Arc is a nonprofit organization that advocates for and serves people with intellectual and developmental disabilities . Hill had the support of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities , the Georgia NAACP , and former President Jimmy Carter and his wife , Rosalynn Carter . The victim 's family and former jurors had also expressed support for mercy in Hill 's case , saying they were n't given the option of life without parole when sentencing him to death . Kammer had said seven doctors agreed that his client was intellectually disabled -- including three doctors for the state who initially evaluated Hill and said he did n't meet Georgia 's standard . Kammer said those doctors have since signed an affidavit admitting they felt rushed during Hill 's examination and now believe he does meet the standard for "  intellectually disabled . " In previous clemency hearings , attorneys for the state have argued that Hill served in the Navy , held a job and managed his money before killing his girlfriend -- signs that he did n't necessarily meet the legal standard to be considered intellectually disabled , even though he has a low IQ . But Kammer said examples of Hill achieving "  self-sufficiency " do n't make a strong case for his execution . Hill has an IQ of approximately 70 , and "  the emotional and cognitive ability of a young boy , " according to his attorney . Several of the letters supporting Hill 's clemency cited last year 's Supreme Court decision that struck down a Florida law that used "  unscientific standards for determining intellectual disability " for death row inmates . Attorneys tried to use the Hall v. Florida decision as grounds to spare the life of Georgia inmate Robert Wayne Holsey , who was sentenced to death for the murder of a local sheriff 's deputy . Holsey , who also had an IQ of 70 , was executed in December . Hill declined to request a special last meal , the Department of Corrections said . He was offered the institutional meal tray , consisting of shepherd 's pie , mashed potatoes , red beans , cabbage relish salad , cornbread , sugar cookies and fruit punch . CNN 's Ariane de Vogue contributed to this report .	The U.S. Supreme Court declines to step in and grant a stay State board votes to deny clemency hours before scheduled execution Warren Hill was convicted of murdering a girlfriend and a fellow inmate
CareerBuilder.com  -- Some people view an MBA degree the same way that Charlie thought about his Golden Ticket in "  Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory " : They believe a piece of paper can magically transport you to a place you only imagined . But can this addition to your rsum really be your dream ticket ? Yes . No . Maybe . There are no simple answers , but here are ways that an MBA might help you . MBA could get you hired in a tough economy Let 's face it : If you had your pick between two candidates -- one with a BBA and one with an MBA -- who were both qualified for a job , would n't you take the one with the higher degree ? Because of the recession 's affect on employment , many companies have a wealth of talent to pick from at the moment and some can afford to be choosy in their hiring . Candidates need to score every point possible , and a graduate degree may give that extra edge . Read students trying to get a job in the tough economy "  A category of jobs that begins to show up more in a recession is one that says MBA desired or preferred versus MBA required , " says Dennis Grindle , director of the SMU Cox School of Business MBA Career Management Center in Dallas , Tex. "  These jobs tend to pay somewhere in between a BBA and an MBA . This allows an MBA to get into what they want to do by taking a step back to hopefully go forward later when economic times get better . " MBA may get you where you want to go faster "  Having an MBA -- as opposed to just a bachelor 's degree in business -- is sort of like traveling someplace by plane instead of taking the train . With either business degree , you may eventually wind up at your final ` destination ' -- but the MBA will get you there faster , " says Elizabeth Freedman , author of "  The MBA Student 's Job-Seeking Bible " and "  Work 101 : Learning the Ropes of the Workplace Without Hanging Yourself . " Read top job hot spots for the next decade Some of the opportunities an MBA degree may jump-start include :  Managing larger teams  Running meetings  Greater interaction with clients  More decision-making power  Representing the company at events  "  Choicer " projects  Responsibility for your own set of clients/projects MBA is sometimes expected "  In certain organizations  top-tier consulting firms , for instance  , having an MBA or an advanced degree is practically a requirement for certain positions , " Freedman notes . "  It 's hard to move up without that credential , no matter how talented . " In this situation , the degree basically becomes a minimum qualification -- not your ace in the hole . To land the position , you are then expected to bring what Grindle calls "  an A + game " to the table , meaning that you have everything the employer is looking for and then some . Grindle notes that whether a function requires an MBA or not may vary by company size , industry , state of the economy , and even geographical location . Still , there are fields that commonly utilize MBAs , including :  Consumer Brand Marketing  Corporation Finance  Venture Capital  Investment Banking  Commercial Banking  Production/Operations Management  New Product Development  Management Consulting  Private Equity  Strategic Planning/Business Development MBA can round out an education Some workers hold undergraduate degrees in fields other than business . By seeking an MBA , these employees can fill in possible gaps in their education as well as show their commitment to their field . Likewise , a person who already holds an undergraduate business degree but perhaps has been working in a different area can update his skills by seeking a graduate degree . The decision whether or not to pursue an MBA is a tough one . It involves serious thought about money , time and career goals . But for those who decide that getting an MBA is the path they wish to take , the degree might open up a whole new world of possibilities . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	In a tough economy , an MBA can open doors for a new job . An MBA can get you to a job faster than just having a bachelor 's degree . Jobs in investment banking or corporate finance may expect an MBA . An MBA can fill in gaps in one 's education .
CNN  -- According to a new survey from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , three-quarters of U.S. adults who own smartphones use those devices to get some kind of real-time location-based information -- from maps and directions all the way to cutting-edge features like Yelp 's Monocle augmented-reality view . That 's up considerably from last year 's figure of 55 % . Still , mobile location-based services are clearly not for everyone . The flip side of these Pew numbers means that one in four smartphone-owning U.S. adults do not use the maps , navigation or other location-related services these devices provide . I was surprised by this . Who would invest in buying a smartphone  which usually costs considerably more than the simpler "  feature phones " still used by more than half of U.S. adults  and not at least use the built-in maps and navigation ? This seems to be one of the most basic and universally useful advantages these devices provide . It sounds a bit like buying a computer and Internet access , but never searching with Google . But apparently one in four smartphone owners does n't see the need , or does n't know how , to use mobile maps , navigation or location-related services . Of course , not all smartphones are created equal . For instance , according to comScore , about 12 % of U.S. smartphones currently in use are still BlackBerry models , many of which have limited or clunky mapping capabilities . But that would only explain half the mystery . Older Americans might be another missing piece of this puzzle . According to Pew , 34 % of Americans age 50-64 own smartphones , plus 13 % of Americans over 65 . But a little more than one-third of smartphone-owning Americans older than 50 do n't use location-based information or services on their phones -- one of the lowest adoption rates for any of the demographics Pew examined . Similarly , Pew found that only 66 % of smartphone-owning African-American adults use location-based information or services on their phones -- significantly less than whites  76 %  and Hispanics  71 %  . This is a bit puzzling , since more African-Americans  44 %  tend to own smartphones , compared to the U.S. population at large  36 %  , according to a recent Nielsen report . Educational attainment also appears to be a factor . About one-third of American smartphone owners whose education went no further than high school do n't use location info or services on their phones . Also , the less money you earn , the less likely you are to use mobile maps or navigation : only 69 % of smartphone-owning adults earning $ 40,000 per year or less do this , compared to 79 % of those earning $ 75,000 per year or more . The fact that your phone always knows where you are enables not just mobile maps and navigation , but also "  geosocial " place check-in services such as Foursquare , Facebook Places and Google Latitude . Pew found that 18 % of all U.S. smartphone owners use geosocial services . That 's up from 12 % a year ago -- but it 's still not a hugely popular activity among U.S smartphone owners . This statistic makes a little more sense to me . The perceived "  value " of Foursquare and other place check-ins varies widely by user . It 's really difficult for a lot of people to see the point of place check-ins . For instance , I 've logged more than 1,200 Foursquare check-ins , but I could n't care less about how many badges I 've earned there , whether I 'm the "  mayor " of anyplace , or who 's on my "  leaderboard . " In fact , I almost never look at my Foursquare account . Rather , I enjoy taking and posting photos from my phone using services that also let me specify a check-in location , in order to provide context and connection . This lets me easily find other people 's photos from those places , and they can easily find mine . So I use Instagram  and before that was available on Android , PicPlz  to check in to Foursquare as well as Twitter and Facebook when I post a photo . This way , I can easily share not just pictures and information but also a sense of place with my friends and others . In other words , Foursquare has become a popular but indirect engine for location awareness , which is a far bigger deal  and more fun  than its game mechanics . Pew 's numbers on exactly who 's using mobile geosocial services are intriguing . Women -- who often are assumed to have more security or privacy concerns about revealing their location -- are actually slightly more likely  20 %  to use geosocial services on their phones than men  17 %  . Also , Hispanics  23 %  and African-Americans  21 %  were slightly more likely to use these services than whites  17 %  . Wealthier people  from households earning $ 75,000 per year or more  are far less likely  15 %  to use mobile geosocial services than people from households earning less than $ 40,000 per year  23 %  . Also , these services are less popular with college graduates  16 %  than with people who hold only a high school diploma or less  20 %  . For the most part , who 's most likely to use mobile geosocial services is almost the inverse of who 's most likely to use mobile maps and navigation . This is odd -- one would think geosocial services and mobile maps and navigation would go hand in hand . And in fact , many smartphone owners undoubtedly use both . But so far the appeal of these tools and services is far from universal .	Pew : Three-quarters of U.S. smartphone owners use location-based apps That 's an increase , but leaves 25 % shying away from one of mobile 's prime features Older users , those with older phones might not be using maps Higher-income users are less likely to use place-based check-ins like Foursquare
New York  CNN  -- The first major heat wave of the summer blanketed the U.S. East Coast on Wednesday with scorching temperatures that swept across the region . Hot air -- often in excess of 90 degrees -- stretched from Maine to North Carolina , with the highest temperatures hitting parts of Connecticut , Massachusetts , New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and Maryland , according to the National Weather Service . "  Very few areas are forecast to be below 90 degrees in the Northeast , " said agency spokeswoman Susan Buchanan . 5 tips to survive extreme heat States across the mid-Atlantic also had heat indices that reached 105 degrees , said the National Weather Service , which issued warnings and advisories across the region . Heat indices combine temperature and relative humidity to indicate how hot the body feels . New York City and parts of northeast New Jersey are expecting the heat index to reach even higher . Actual temperatures reached the mid-90s on Wednesday . "  I would n't say this is highly abnormal , " said meteorologist Rick Watling . "  Having heat advisories or even warnings this time of the year is not too unusual . " The National Weather Service advises residents to wear lightweight and loose-fitting clothing , drink plenty of water , take frequent breaks in shaded or air-conditioned environments , stay out of the sun and check on relatives and neighbors . Young children and the elderly are especially at risk for heat-related injuries , the service said . Last year , it reported 206 heat-related deaths . In the past decade , heat has been the second-leading cause for weather-related fatalities , the service said . Zoo animals drown in Minnesota flooding Cities across the Northeast designated cooling centers and have issued advisories in an effort to help keep residents safe , according to emergency management officials in several cities . "  For the most part , they 're places that are already open and they 're designated for when the heat rises , " said New York Emergency Management spokeswoman Judith Kane . "  The centers are places like senior centers that will be open to the public . It 's an effective way to get access to air conditioning if you do n't have it . " Residents are advised to call 311 or to go to their city 's website online to find cooling centers and to get further information on how to keep cool as the heat rises .	"  Few areas  will be  below 90 degrees in the Northeast , " weather service says Last year , the weather service reported 206 heat-related deaths nationwide In the past decade , heat has been the second-leading cause for weather-related deaths
RollingStone.com  -- Jennifer Lawrence , the 20-year-old Oscar nominee for Best Actress , is sitting in a fancy Manhattan hotel sipping tea and feeling a little out of place . See , she grew up in Louisville , Kentucky , where her dad owned a construction company and her mom ran a summer camp . They had land and horses . She loved to fish . She was a total tomboy : field hockey , softball , basketball on an all-boys team .  "  I was so dykey . " One of her nicknames was Nitro . She lives in Los Angeles now , but "  little redneck things still come out . " Like what ? "  I 'm attracted to my brother . Stuff like that . " 10 Best Movies of 2010 At 14 , she decided she wanted to be an actress and dragged her mom to New York for auditions . The people at Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups told her she was the best they 'd ever seen . Her mom told her they were lying .  Her mom did n't like showbiz much . She auditioned for the role of Bella in "  Twilight , " which would have been perfect if Bella were a badass , but since she 's a frightened waif , Lawrence ended up not getting the part . Which was for the best because the role she did get was for "  Winter 's Bone , " in which she 's fantastic : harrowing and tender as the 17-year-old daughter of an Ozarks meth-cooker who 's fighting to take care of her little brother and sister . This article appears in the February 17 , 2011 issue of Rolling Stone . The issue is available now on newsstands and will appear in the online archive February 4 . To prep for the part , Lawrence learned how to shoot a gun and field-dress squirrels . She already knew how to chop wood : "  I went through a wood-chopping phase when I was nine or 10 . " She says she has n't even bothered preparing an Oscar speech : "  I have been practicing my losing face , though . Do you want to see it ? "  For the record , it 's a very good losing face . Peter Travers Reviews ` Winter 's Bone ' Later this year comes "  X-Men : First Class , " where she 'll play the mutant Mystique , blue-skinned and topless .  "  Did I feel naked being naked ? " she asks , so you do n't have to . "  Yeah . Totally . "  But before that there 's Jodie Foster 's "  The Beaver , " premiering in May , in which she appears alongside a certifiable Mel Gibson . Which means she has some crazy Mel Gibson stories , right ? She leans in close . "  If I say , ` Off the record ' -- that means you ca n't print it , right ? ' " Right . "  OK . So , off the record ... " She 's learning . Photos : 2011 Screen Actors Guild Award Winners Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	She plays the 17-year-old daughter of an Ozarks meth-cooker in "  Winter 's Bone " She grew up in Louisville , Kentucky , where her dad owned a construction company Lawrence auditioned for the role of Bella in "  Twilight "
Mexico City  CNN  -- The leader of Mexico 's leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , announced Tuesday that he has asked Mexico 's Federal Election Institute for a recount of the ballots cast in Sunday 's presidential election . Lopez Obrador 's demand came the day after he said the vote had been "  plagued by irregularities . " Election authorities have projected Lopez Obrador as the runner-up in the vote . Mexico 's presumed president-elect , Enrique Pea Nieto , said Monday it was time for his country to leave behind the political rancor of campaign season . Political tensions flare after Mexican presidential vote The Federal Election Institute , known by its Spanish acronym IFE , says it expects the final count results Sunday . That 's when each of the approximately 143,000 polling stations are supposed to have finished counting votes and signed an "  act " detailing the number of votes . Wednesday marks the beginning of the district count , in which each of the 300 electoral districts will scrutinize the acts . Ballots will be recounted in cases where : -- The difference between the first and second place candidate is 1 % or less ; -- The number of annulled votes is greater than the difference between the first and second place candidates . Ana Isabel Fuentes , international coordinator of information for IFE , said she expects the law to mandate recounts in 19 districts , representing about a third of the total ballots cast . Lopez Obrador must wait until Sunday to formally submit any application for a recount to the Federal Election Tribunal . Any candidate can challenge , but National Action Party candidate Josefina Vazquez Mota has already conceded . The PRD candidate 's declarations echoed comments he made in 2006 , when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential race to Felipe Calderon . Lopez Obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself afterward as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " At the time , his supporters protested nationwide . In Mexico City , they staged sit-ins and blockades . In 2006 , official results showed him losing by about 240,000 votes  or about 0.6 %  . He led marches and demonstrations and refused to concede ; a partial recount was held . Felipe Calderon was not declared president-elect until two months after the July election . Lopez Obrador did not accept that decision . A brawl broke out in the legislature before Calderon was scheduled to take the oath on December 1 ; Calderon sneaked in and out a back door to take the oath and gave the traditional speech not in Congress , but at another location . On Monday , Lopez Obrador had called on his supporters to wait for the official results . The Federal Election Institute 's verification of individual poll results begins Wednesday . But in an op-ed article published in Tuesday editions of The New York Times , Pea Nieto made it clear that he thinks the election is over and he has won . "  Achieving our country 's full potential is my mission as Mexico 's next president , " he wrote . Earlier , Pea Nieto told CNN en Espaol he was ready to work across party lines to build a better Mexico . "  We have to be constructive and put aside our differences , which are only for competitions and electoral contests , " Pea Nieto said Monday . "  Yesterday I indicated that  after  this tense and divisive atmosphere , which is natural in all democratic contests , we have to turn the page and move on to enter another chapter , another moment in our political lives , with a willingness and spirit that are constructive and purposeful . " A quick count based on samples from polling stations throughout the country gave Pea Nieto the lead , with between 37.93 % and 38.55 % of votes , the Federal Election Institute said late Sunday . On Monday , the presumed president-elect said he had been receiving congratulatory phone calls and messages from world leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama . Pea Nieto said he was unfazed by the fact that more than 50 % of Mexicans had not voted for him . Opinion : Is Pea Nieto good news for Mexico ? "  We , fortunately , live in democratic conditions with three predominant political forces , and this makes it very hard for any party to have an absolute majority , " he told CNN en Espaol . The projected victory for Pea Nieto marks a triumphant return to power for the Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  , which lost its grip on Mexico 's presidency to the conservative National Action Party in 2000 . The Federal Election Institute 's projections raised two key questions rooted in Mexico 's complicated political past : Has the PRI , a political party that critics accuse of being authoritarian and corrupt , changed its approach ? And will supporters of Lopez Obrador protest election results as they have in the past ? Pea Nieto said Sunday night that he was looking forward , not back . "  We are a new generation . There is no return to the past . My government will have its vision based in the future , " he told reporters . On the local level , there may not be many differences between today 's PRI and the political party that dominated Mexico for decades , said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  What 's changed on the national stage is that Mexican citizens have different expectations for their federal government that are going to force the PRI to govern in a different way than it did 20 years ago , " he said . For much of the PRI 's rule , the political party controlled not only the presidency , but also national and state legislatures and local governments across the country . Now , in the country 's Senate , a preliminary tally Monday showed the PRI winning only 33 of 128 seats . In the House of Representatives , the PRI had secured more seats than any other party , according to the preliminary tally . But opposition parties combined held a majority of seats . "  Then , the PRI was really a party that included all of Mexico , that had a broad patronage network and tolerated little dissent outside of the party , " Selee said . "  And the PRI today is going to have to deal with opposition parties that have tasted power , an active citizenry that expects to be involved in major policies decisions , and a very vigilant press that will report on everything that happens . " Weeks before Sunday 's vote , criticisms of Pea Nieto and concerns about the PRI 's possible return to power fueled a student movement that staged demonstrations throughout the country . On Monday , outraged students from the group marched in Mexico City . They carried signs that said , "  Mexico without PRI " and "  Mexico voted , and Pea did not win . " Analysts : Mexican vote leaves more questions than it answers But while critics slam Pea Nieto , the charismatic 45-year-old former governor galvanized fervent support among residents of his home state and party loyalists nationwide . The Consulta Mitofsky , GEA/ISA and Parametria firms said their exit poll results projected a win for Pea Nieto , with more than 40 % of voters saying they cast ballots for the PRI candidate . Pea Nieto 's campaign platform included plans to stop the rise in food prices , promote energy reform , give social security to all Mexicans and reduce violence nationwide . "  He is obviously prepared . There was obviously a dirty war against him , " said Martha Rojas Ramos , 58 , as she prepared to cast a ballot for Pea Nieto at a Mexico City elementary school on Sunday . Critics lamenting the possible return of the PRI to power are n't thinking straight , she said . "  That 's all in the past , " Rojas said . "  What 's important is that he is young and has all the ability to represent us . "	Lopez Obrador also challenged the 2006 election results Calderon was not declared president-elect until 2 months after the 2006 election The presumed president-elect says it is time for the country to leave behind political rancor
CNN  -- Claiming Barack Obama thinks a "  free enterprise economy " is "  the cause of our problems " -- not , as he sees it , the solution -- Sen. Marco Rubio argued Tuesday that the president 's proposals would hurt middle class citizens more than help them . "  Mr. President , I do n't oppose your plans because I want to protect the rich , " the Florida Republican said in his rebuttal to Obama 's State of the Union address . "  I oppose your plans because I want to protect my neighbors . " The 41-year-old lawmaker , viewed as a possible presidential candidate and declared by Time magazine as "  The Republican Savior , " was tapped to give his party 's response to the speech . Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , also rebutted Obama on behalf of the conservative tea party caucus . Rubio largely kept to his prepared remarks , except when he abruptly stopped talking about halfway through to reach for a drink of water . The son of Cuban immigrants referred emotively to his personal story and that of his family , though his policy criticisms and proposals were largely in line with prevailing mainstream and , in some cases , conservative Republican thinking . On immigration , for instance , on which Rubio has been one of his party 's most outspoken proponents of efforts to "  modernize " the current system , he did n't mention his past support of a route to citizenship for undocumented immigrants now in the United States . The senator did generally advocate "  a responsible , permanent solution to the problem of those who are here illegally . " But he added that first , "  we must follow through on the broken promises of the past to secure our borders and enforce our laws . " Speaking about gun control measures , one of the most emotional parts of Obama 's State of the Union speech , Rubio said he was for "  effectively " dealing with such violence , then added , "  but unconstitutionally undermining the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans is not the way to do it . " CNN Fact Check : Rubio says Obamacare needs a check up He sharply criticized Obama on many fronts . The president , Rubio claimed , had unfairly cast Republicans as opposing the environment and seniors , and only caring about rich people . He contended that it was Obama who , if his plans are enacted , would hurt the majority of Americans by preventing the economy from growing . "  The tax increases and the deficit spending you propose will hurt middle class families , " Rubio said , referring to Obama . "  It will cost them their raises . It will cost them their benefits . It may even cost some of them their jobs . " His remarks often reflected the sharp partisan divide on budgetary matters . Top Democrats , including Obama , have consistently said that increased government revenues should be paired with spending cuts to bring down the deficit . Congress already raised tax rates on top income earners as part an agreement in January to avert the worst aspects of the so-called fiscal cliff . And now , Obama and Democrats want to eliminate some tax breaks and loopholes to further raise revenue . Republican leaders have sought to reduce the size of government and , therefore , generally oppose any increase in tax revenue . 5 things we learned from the State of the Union They have called for aggressive spending cuts and steps to overhaul entitlement programs , while rejecting any new attempts to increase revenue as part of further steps to reduce the deficit . Obama 's "  solution to virtually every problem we face is for Washington to tax more , borrow more and spend more , " Rubio said . The president did , in fact , propose several new programs aimed at bolstering the economy , though he insisted they would n't add to the deficit . Opinion : Rubio missed the year of the woman "  The idea that more taxes and more government spending is the way to help hardworking middle-class taxpayers , that 's an old idea that has failed every time it 's been tried , " Rubio said . "  More government is n't going to help you get ahead . It 's going to hold you back . " Rubio said he agreed with Obama on lowering the corporate tax rate , but did n't mention the president 's support for closing tax loopholes that inordinately benefit the rich . Rubio backed school choice for all parents and said that student financial aid should evolve to help more "  nontraditional students . " Talk Back : Is giving the State of the Union the political ` kiss of death ' ? On energy policy , the senator derided Obama 's administration for "  wasting ... taxpayer money on so-called clean energy ventures like Solyndra . " Rubio favors "  reform " of energy regulations and opening up "  more federal lands for safe and responsible  oil and gas  exploration , " both common Republican themes . He spoke , too , of Medicare , the government-run health insurance program for seniors , arguing that changes are needed for it to continue . The president suggested he 'd support "  modest reform " of this entitlement program , but Rubio said Obama does not go far enough . "  I would never support any changes to Medicare that would hurt seniors like my mother , " he said . "  But anyone who is in favor of leaving Medicare exactly the way it is right now is in favor of bankrupting it . " Near the end of his speech , Rubio prayed that Democrats and Republicans "  can come together to solve our problems , " contending that , if they do n't , the consequences will be stark . "  If we can get our economy healthy again , our children will be the most prosperous Americans ever , " Rubio said . "  And if we do not , we will forever be known as the generation responsible for America 's decline . " Opinion : A kinder , gentler , wiser Marco Rubio	NEW : Sen. Rubio says "  more government " -- and Obama 's plans -- will "  hold you back " NEW : "  Unconstitutionally undermining " Second Amendment rights is wrong , he adds The Floridian delivered the official Republican rebuttal to Obama 's State of the Union He referenced his personal story as a son of immigrants , while touting GOP positions
London , England  CNN  -- A candidate for the United Kingdom Independence Party  UKIP  was injured Thursday morning in a light plane crash , police said . Nigel Farage , 45 , suffered minor head injuries and was being treated at a hospital , his party said . Details of his injuries were not available . "  We 've had unconfirmed reports that either the banner got snagged up or there were cross-winds and it was an unfamiliar airfield to the pilot , " a UKIP spokesman said . It happened just after 8 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  at an airfield in southern Northamptonshire , near the Buckinghamshire constituency where Farage is running for election , Northamptonshire police said . The pilot , who was airlifted to a hospital , had to be cut out of the plane , the party said . Farage is currently a member of the European Parliament . He is running in Buckingham against 10 other candidates : Speaker of the House John Bercow  Conservative  ; Colin Dale  Monster Raving Loony Party  ; David Hews  Christian Party  ; Geoff Howard  Independent  ; Debbie Martin  Independent  ; Lynne Mozar  British National Party  ; Patrick Phillips  Independent  ; John Stevens  Buckinghamshire Campaign for Democracy  ; Simon Strutt  Cut The Deficit Party  ; Anthony Watts  Independent  .	Police : Crash happened at an airfield in southern Northamptonshire Farage is currently a member of the European Parliament
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The International Criminal Court has dropped charges against Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta -- the first sitting head of state to appear before the tribunal . Kenyatta , 53 , faced five counts of crimes against humanity for allegedly orchestrating violence after a disputed presidential election seven years ago . "  I am very keen to run to my wife right now and tell her what is happening , " he said on Twitter after the court dropped the charges Friday . "  To be sincere , we are very excited . " More than 1,000 people died when ethnic groups loyal to leading candidates torched homes and hacked rivals in violence that raged for months . Kenyatta , who backed then-incumbent Mwai Kibaki in that election , was accused of funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks . He has maintained that he is not guilty . Withdrawal follows a series of setbacks This week , the court rejected the prosecution 's request for an adjournment , giving it a week to either provide more evidence or drop the charges . In light of the court 's mandate , Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said , she was left with no choice but to withdraw the charges . "  The evidence has not improved to such an extent that Mr. Kenyatta 's alleged criminal responsibility can be proven beyond reasonable doubt , " Bensouda said in a statement explaining her decision . Numerous adjournments Bensouda has postponed the start of the trial numerous times , and accused the Kenyan government of withholding key documents in the case against its leader . "  Crucial documentary evidence regarding the 2007-2008 postelection violence ... can only be found in Kenya and is only accessible to the prosecution through the assistance of the government of Kenya , " she said . "  This crucial assistance was ultimately not provided . " The defense has rejected the accusations . ` My conscience is clear ' Shortly after she dropped the charges , Bensouda listed a series of setbacks the prosecution faced , including the exposure and harassment of protected witnesses . The Kenyan president has denied any links to the violence , and had pledged to cooperate with the court to clear his name . "  My conscience is clear , has been clear , and will remain forever clear that I am innocent of all the accusations leveled against me , " Kenyatta said last month . He became the first sitting head of state to appear before the international court when he attended a status hearing last month at the court in The Hague , Netherlands . ICC withdrawal ? The international court has also accused Deputy President William Ruto of orchestrating attacks in the 2007 election , which he denies . His trial started in September last year . The Kenyan parliament voted this year to withdraw from ICC jurisdiction after repeatedly calling on the court to drop the two leaders ' cases . But a withdrawal would take a while to implement because it involves steps such as a formal notification to the United Nations . Bias accusations The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The nation 's previous administration reneged on a deal to set up a special tribunal to try suspects in the postelection violence , prompting the international court to step in . The African Union has urged the court to postpone cases against sitting leaders , accusing it of unfair treatment against African leaders . The international court has said it is not a substitute for domestic justice systems , and only intervenes if the national judicial system is either unwilling or unable to carry out justice . Rights groups have said the court is crucial in ensuring justice for everyone . CNN 's Lillian Leposo contributed from Nairobi , and Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Alex Felton contributed to this report .	Kenyatta was the first sitting head of state to appear before the international court Prosecution : Lack of evidence left us with no choice The president had pledged to work with the court to clear his name
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Director Sam Taylor-Johnson has been chosen to film "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " the best-selling erotic novel about a 27-year-old billionaire and a na  ve college student , Universal Pictures said Wednesday . Taylor-Johnson , a British photographer and visual artist , garnered laurels as a director in 2009 when she made "  Nowhere Boy " about John Lennon 's young life . The film raised her profile as the movie received four BAFTA nominations , including one for outstanding debut by a British writer , director or producer , and another for outstanding British film . She later married the film 's star , Aaron Taylor-Johnson , who is 23 years her junior . Last year , writer Kelly Marcel was selected to write the screenplay adaption of the book by British author Erika Leonard , who wrote the novel under the pen name E L James . Marcel is also known for her work on the Amblin/FOX-TV series "  Terra Nova . " "  Fifty Shades of Grey " relates a young woman 's sexually explicit liaisons with the young billionaire . The story is part of a trilogy . The trilogy has been translated in 45 languages and sold more than 32 million copies in the United States . CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .	Director Sam Taylor-Johnson gained fame in 2009 for ` Nowhere Boy ' about John Lennon She later married the film 's star , Aaron Taylor-Johnson , who 's 23 years her junior
CNN  -- John Spieker stood on the back porch of his newly rented Bailey , Colorado , home , thankful for his Good Samaritan landlord and worried that his previous home , parked in the driveway , would n't get him to work the next day . John and Katie Spieker stand next to their camper with baby son , Jacob . His 1977 Toyota Dolphin camper , which Spieker rescued from a salvage yard , had carried him , his wife , Katie , and 4-month-old son , Jacob , from Florida to Colorado earlier this summer , a cross-country sojourn in search of work . He was uncertain it could handle the 14-mile commute the next morning , but he 'd make do . "  I 'm gon na get up extra early every morning like I have been , and if it -LSB- the camper -RSB- does n't get to work , I 'm gon na hitchhike , " Spieker said last week . "  I have a wife and a son to support . " Spieker had been making $ 12 an hour plus commission at his information technology job in Trenton , Florida . Katie was working part-time in a candle shop , and between them they pulled in a little more than $ 2,500 a month . But Katie , 21 , quit to have the baby , and they moved into a bigger , more expensive house to accommodate their larger family . As June approached , Spieker , 36 , was told his hours and commission were being cut as Florida 's economy sank . "  It got to the point where $ 6.50 an hour with a house just ai n't gon na happen . I was trying to do good for my family , but what can I do ? " he asked . His last day of work in Florida was June 30 . With Florida 's unemployment rate at 10.6 percent in June , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , he investigated where prospects might be better , settling on Colorado  7.6 unemployment  , and if things did n't work out there , North Dakota  the nation 's lowest unemployment at 4.2 percent  . The Spieker family prepared for the trip by holding a yard sale a few days before they were set to leave Trenton , a town of 1,800 near Gainesville . They dutifully cleaned up the home they rented but could no longer afford . "  You 're not going to pay the rent , you get out of the house , you know ? " Spieker said . They hit the road with $ 1,000 in cash , a cell phone , some food and what clothing they could fit . The rickety old camper required some minor repairs along the way : a new battery strap after being bounced around on a rough Alabama highway , some brake work after one stuck near St. Charles , Missouri . Spieker said he sold wire art in taverns during the journey to earn extra money . He was teased by opportunities that did n't pan out . "  I never actually saw this before , but some towns are actually putting billboards up that say ` This town has jobs , ' " he said of his travels through the nation 's heartland . "  I actually went to check it out , " he said . "  They 've got a couple jobs , but nothing really great . They 've got some jobs I 'm not qualified for , in the medical field , " he said . Still without work after arriving in Colorado , the Spiekers lived "  out in the woods " for a few weeks . They did n't consider themselves homeless , John Spieker said , "  just camping . " Using computers at a local office supply store and the library , Spieker and his family have been able to tap private and public assistance to care for themselves . A local church has taken care of some day-to-day needs . "  I went down and talked to them and said , ` Hey this is what the situation is , if there 's any help available . ' They said they could probably help us out with food , baby needs , " Spieker said . "  And we 're actually going to apply for medical assistance . " As for food stamps , Spieker said he 'd rather the program be used on the infirm than someone like himself who could provide -- no matter how meager the fixings -- for his family . "  I 'm sure there 's other people out there that do n't have the motivation or the ability -LSB- to work -RSB- that can use the food stamps , " he said . Katie does n't fret about the family 's circumstances either . She said she leaves "  all the financial details up to John . " "  My main job is to take care of Jacob , " she said . Life got a bit easier on July 20 , when Spieker landed work at an auto parts store . A person he connected with through an online forum offered the Bailey house for $ 350 a month rent , a $ 400 discount off the normal price . The home 's owner is working a temporary contract construction job on the other side of Colorado , Spieker said , enabling the deal . But the "  For Sale " sign out front and real estate agent 's lockbox on the front door remind Spieker about how temporary his lodgings may be . While he 's grateful for the auto parts job , nothing is certain there either . A national chain is trying to take over the independent retailer , he said . "  It 's a struggling company , " Spieker said . "  At the same time , he 's busy enough to where he needs three people behind the counter . " He 's making $ 10 an hour . But he knows that wo n't keep his family housed when the cheap rent goes away . "  At this point we have a place to stay for two or three months . He said ` maybe three , probably two , ' " Spieker said , recounting his landlord 's words . "  I like it here . I just need something better-paying , " he said . If he did n't find something soon , he said , "  At this point , I 'll be right back into the same scenario . " But for the moment , the Spiekers are enjoying what they have . "  The house is great . It 's a one-bedroom , it kind of looks like somebody decided to build an A-frame . It has a really , really nice view , " Katie said . Drinking in the surroundings on the back porch , John Spieker agrees . "  I have the most awesome view , " Spieker said , looking at the foothills of the Rocky Mountains . "  I ca n't bring myself to walk off the back porch . "	Florida man 's pay is reduced until he ca n't support his family He fixes up rickety camper and with wife , baby and $ 1,000 , sets off for Colorado They camp in woods until someone offers a reduced-rent house He finds a job at an auto parts store , but still fears for future
CNN  -- A deadly car bomb attack on a busy market in Peshawar Wednesday continued a bloody trend of atrocities in Pakistan during October . Ten attacks have been carried out so far this month , resulting in nearly 400 deaths , according to security expert Will Geddes , chief executive of International Corporate Protection . Geddes gives CNN his assessment on the latest attack and the challenges facing the Pakistan forces . Why Peshawar and why now ? No one 's actually releasing any statement , but I would say it 's a retaliatory action to the seizing of Kotkai , a town in the South Waziristan district by Pakistani troops almost two weeks ago on October 17 . The Taliban is setting off devices and suicide bombs in other parts of the country to draw attention away from Waziristan to make it harder for them . Because obviously troops will be deployed to the areas perceived to be the greatest threat . It 's a pretty smart tactic on behalf of the Taliban . Why did the attackers target the marketplace Meena Bazaar ? It 's indiscriminate . It 's the purest essence of terrorism . It is to absolutely instill fear and terror into the general populace . Whether that works effectively and advantageously for them in the longer run , I do n't think so . Because ultimately it will be the local community who will be feeding intelligence back to Pakistani intelligence service , the Inter-Services Intelligence . If you alienate that community by targeting them then you 're not winning the support of people who are potentially going to hide you out or not disclose your whereabouts , your location or your operations . It is a risky tactic . It is showing the arrogance of the Taliban . They do n't care who they target -- they just want to terrorize the whole nation . How much can be read into the timing of the attacks ? It coincides with Hillary Clinton being in the country . It 's fundamentally saying : "  You 've got a high-ranked world leader who 's a guest in the country , and we 're showing you we 're still kicking your backside , " for lack of better words . It 's really to make President Zardari lose face , as well as to continue the turmoil across the country and to show to the international community that the Taliban is winning . It is the latest in a series of deadly attacks this October . Why is the Taliban so active now ? The Taliban are always more active up in the mountains in the autumn months because it 's far harder for the enemy to be successful . It is colder , the terrain 's harder . The Taliban are experts at fighting in mountainous regions . The Taliban will generally come down on to the flats during the summer months and during the winter months they retreat back up into the mountains . What would conditions be like on the ground ? It would be very cold , very brutal . It would be tough , tough terrain for any military forced to try to fight against the Taliban . They are kings of their castle in many respects in those regions . Can you see the fighting intensifying between now and the end of the year ? The Pakistan military will find it incredibly hard going to battle against them as the winter months progress . There is very possibly going to be some kind of withdrawal , maybe the closer we get to the end of the year , because it starts becoming more and more brutal before the early months of the year . It 's like Afghanistan ; you do n't want to be down there in January or February . However the government ca n't lose face and they ca n't seem to be losing . Is there anything the government can do to halt the spate of suicide attacks ? If you have got sorties from the Taliban coming down into Islamabad and Karachi and undertaking attacks there , it 's very difficult to intersect . Quite often what you may have is a group that is working in Karachi and Islamabad who will be the resource ; they 'll be the ones doing the reconnaissance , looking at the various targets and then the suicide bombers would likely come down to be briefed by the local team and pointed to the explosives , wherever they might be . It demonstrates their determined campaign to embarrass and humiliate Zardari 's government . iReporter : "  Increasing chaos " in Pakistan	Car bomb in Peshawar market killed at least 100 people , injured many more Of recent attacks by the Taliban , Geddes says : "  It 's the purest essence of terrorism " Pakistani forces fighting Taliban militants in increasingly difficult conditions Geddes : Taliban employing risky tactic of terrorizing nation with indiscriminate attacks
Last week , a 22-year-old Dutch journalist was gang-raped in Tahrir Square and had to undergo surgery for severe injuries . The assault reminds us yet again of an often overlooked aspect of the Egyptian revolution . When Egyptians overthrew their dictator in 2011 , one of the first celebratory acts in Tahrir Square included the gang beating and sexual assault of American journalist Lara Logan , who , like the Dutch journalist , landed in the hospital . The Logan rape has always been portrayed as another unfortunate byproduct of mob violence . In fact , it was much more than that . It was a warning shot fired by men whose political beliefs are founded on a common pillar : Women must stay out of the public square . One of the hallmarks of revolutionary victory in Tahrir Square has always been rape and sexual harassment . Mobs of men routinely set upon women , isolating , stripping and groping . No one is ever arrested or held accountable , and elected officials shrug their shoulders and blame the victims . Vigilante groups have been organized to track the incidents . Operation Anti-Sexual Harassment , one of the groups , recorded 46 cases of sexual assaults and harassment against women on Sunday night alone -- and has added 17 more to its list that the group said happened Monday . Egyptian women are the primary victims of sexual violence , and ultimately they are the intended recipients of the message : Stay home , your input in government and politics is not wanted . Opinion : Why Egyptian protestors welcome the support of the army Raping foreign journalists -- guaranteed to attract global attention -- is merely a more efficient way of getting that message across . When Egyptians overthrew the dictator , the Muslim Brotherhood took advantage of public hatred of the dictator to ally him with Western progressive ideals , including gender equality . Out went the nongovernmental organizations that worked to make divorce easier and inheritance laws fairer . In came the thugs who stripped and beat women in the streets . Granted , some of these crimes against women were committed by the military and the police themselves , as women like Mona Eltahawy  a journalist whose arms were broken by soldiers  and Samira Ibrahim  a young protester who sued the government , accusing an army doctor of submitting her to a forced "  virginity test "  have reported . Dina Zakaria , an Egyptian journalist , reported that the men who raped the Dutch journalist last week called themselves "  revolutionists . " That label should surprise no one . If one fervently believes women should stay inside their homes and out of the business of public life , what better way to accomplish that than rampant sexual harassment and sexual assault in a country in which women 's virginity and honor is the sine qua non of female participation in society ? Not long ago , Egyptian Salafist preacher Ahmad Mahmoud Abdullah said that women protesting in Tahrir Square "  have no shame and want to be raped . " The public face of the Muslim Brotherhood would never espouse such a statement . But its founding intellectual lights never hid the fact that a pillar of their planned theocracy was keeping women powerless . And their record in office is one of sexist exclusion . Women held only eight seats out of 498  four of the eight women were from the Brotherhood party  in the disbanded Parliament . Women made up 7 % of the constitutional assembly that drafted the Egyptian constitution . No wonder then that the document  approved by referendum in December 2012  refers to women only as sisters and mothers , and only within the framework of family -- not employment or public life , even though a majority of Egyptian women work . Egypt has always been a place where life for women is nasty and brutish , if not short . Last year , a UNICEF survey showed 91 % of Egyptian women between the ages of 15-49 said they had to undergo female genital mutilation . The United Nations Entity for Gender Equality in May reported that 99.3 % of Egyptian women interviewed said they had been subjected to some form of sexual violence . Rape victims almost never go to the hospital and certainly not the police . There are no medical protocols for rape , and police treat female victims as prostitutes . Whether or not that violence is political is worthy of discussion . I believe it is . At the moment , no one even debates it . It is the elephant in the room . As the Egyptian revolution enters another chapter , and more women get stripped and sexually assaulted in the streets while being systematically excluded from the halls of power in Cairo , it is high time for American progressives and other Arab Spring commentators to stop separating anti-female violence from the politics of the Muslim Brotherhood 's revolutionaries . In the broadest sense , the West 's response to the treatment of women in post-Arab Spring countries , from Egypt to Syria , says a lot about the status of women here . We might not be able to do anything to stop violent , organized misogyny in far-off lands , but we can certainly stand up for our own principles and call it what it is .	Dutch journalist , 22 , was gang-raped in Tahrir Square and hospitalized for surgery Nina Burleigh : This is just one of scores of vicious rapes and beatings of female protesters Egyptian women are primary victims , she says . The message is : Stay home She says Muslim Brotherhood misogyny , attitude rapes are justified , infects society
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Curtis Jackson -- known professionally as the rapper 50 Cent -- was accused by a prosecutor Wednesday of kicking a woman and ransacking her bedroom during an argument at her Los Angeles condo last month . Jackson , 37 , faces five criminal charges , including one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism , Los Angeles City Attorney Mike Feuer said . The woman , who lived in the Toluca Lake community , was identified only as the rapper 's "  former girlfriend . " "  The female had previously been in a three-year relationship with Jackson and they have a child in common , " the news release said . She was injured when Jackson kicked her , it said . Los Angeles police went to the home in response to a domestic violence call on June 23 , the release said . "  During an argument , Jackson allegedly began destroying the female 's property , " the prosecutor said . "  Allegedly when the female locked herself in her bedroom , Jackson kicked-open the bedroom door and kicked her , causing an injury . " Police found broken chandeliers and furniture throughout the home , and the bedroom was ransacked with clothes thrown all over the floor and a television and lamp broken , the release said . Investigators estimated 50 Cent left $ 7,100 in damaged property before leaving the scene before police arrived . 50 Cent 's lawyer Scott Leemon responded to the charges in a statement , saying , "  Curtis Jackson denies these allegations as made against him . It is important to note , Mr. Jackson has not been arrested and there is no warrant outstanding for his arrest . We have been in contact with the LA City Attorney 's Office and are currently conducting our own investigation into these allegations . Out of respect for the legal process , we will not be commenting any further at this time . " Jackson 's arraignment is set for July 22 at the Van Nuys Superior Court . The maximum punishment if convicted on all counts would be five years in jail and $ 46,000 in fines . "  Regardless of perceived celebrity or notoriety , domestic violence is a serious crime , and alleged perpetrators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law by this office , " Feuer said . "  We will continue to look out for the safety of all victims of domestic violence and seek justice for the alleged crimes . " 50 Cent turns waiter for Superstorm Sandy victims	50 Cent faces one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism He had been in a three-year relationship with her , and they have a child in common The woman was injured when 50 Cent kicked her , the prosecutor says Police found broken chandeliers , furniture and a ransacked bedroom
CNN  -- Legally married same-sex spouses seeking U.S. visas will now be treated the same as opposite-sex spouses , Secretary of State John Kerry announced Friday . Kerry told a meeting with consular staff in London that the change means that his department was "  tearing down an unjust and an unfair barrier that for too long stood in the way of same-sex families being able to travel as a family to the United States . " Beginning immediately , same-sex spouses of both U.S. citizens and foreigners will be treated equally as opposite-sex spouses , Kerry explained . "  As long as a marriage has been performed in a jurisdiction that recognizes it so that it is legal , then that marriage is legal under U.S. law , and every married couple would be treated exactly the same , " he said . A State Department official told CNN on condition of not being identified that the change was expected to immediately affect up to 100 applicants . The official said the department expected the number of applicants from same-sex spouses to increase with expanded awareness of the new policy . Kerry 's announcement followed a June ruling by the Supreme Court that struck down a key part of a law that denied legally married same-sex couples the same federal benefits provided heterosexual spouses . On a 5-4 vote , the high court struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage as only between a man and a woman . Under DOMA , Social Security , pension and bankruptcy benefits , along with family medical leave protections and other federal provisions , did not apply to gay and lesbian couples legally married in states that recognize such unions . At issue was whether DOMA violated equal protection guarantees in the Fifth Amendment 's due process clause as applied to same-sex couples legally married under the laws of their states . What you need to know about same-sex marriage in the U.S. around the world CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report , which was reported by Jill Dougherty and written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : The change is expected to increase visa applications from same-sex spouses Secretary of State John Kerry says all couples now will be treated the same The policy covers same-sex spouses of Americans and foreigners The change follows a major Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage
Magdalena , Colombia  CNN  -- To the unaccustomed eye , a man toting 120 books while riding a stubborn donkey would seem nothing short of a circus spectacle . But for hundreds of children in the rural villages of Colombia , Luis Soriano is far from a clown . He is a man with a mission to save rural children from illiteracy . "  There was a time when many people thought that I was going crazy , " said Soriano , a native of La Gloria , Colombia . "  They 'd yell , ` Carnival season is over . ' ... Now I 've overcome that . " Soriano , 38 , is a primary school teacher who spends his free time operating a "  biblioburro , " a mobile library on donkeys that offers reading education for hundreds of children living in what he describes as "  abandoned regions " in the Colombian state of Magdalena . "  In -LSB- rural -RSB- regions , a child must walk or ride a donkey for up to 40 minutes to reach the closest schools , " Soriano said . "  The children have very few opportunities to go to secondary school . ... There are -LSB- few -RSB- teachers that would like to teach in the countryside . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes At the start of his 17-year teaching career , Soriano realized that some students were having difficulty not just learning , but finishing their homework assignments . Most of the students falling behind lived in rural villages , where illiterate parents and lack of access to books prevented them from completing their studies . To help bridge the learning gap , Soriano decided to personally bring books to the children . "  I saw two unemployed donkeys at home and had the idea -LSB- to use -RSB- them in my biblioburro project because they can carry a heavy load , " Soriano said . "  I put the books on their backs in saddles and they became my work tools . " Every Wednesday at dusk and every Saturday at dawn , Soriano leaves his wife and three young children to travel to select villages -- up to four hours each way -- aboard a donkey named Alfa . A second donkey , Beto , follows behind , toting additional books and a sitting blanket . They visit 15 villages on a rotating basis . "  It 's not easy to travel through the valleys , " Soriano said . "  You sit on a donkey for five or eight hours , you get very tired . It 's a satisfaction to arrive to your destination . " At each village , some 40-50 youngsters await their chance to get homework help , learn to read or listen to any variety of tall tales , adventure stories and geography lessons Soriano has prepared . "  You can just see that the kids are excited when they see the biblioburro coming this way . It makes them happy that he continues to come , " said Dairo Holguin , 34 , whose two children take part in the program . "  For us , his program complements what the children learn in school . The books they do not have access to ... they get from the biblioburro . " More than 4,000 youngsters have benefited from Soriano 's program since it began in 1990 . Soriano says countless others have been helped , too ; parents and other adult learners often participate in the lessons . Soriano has spent nearly 4,000 hours riding his donkeys , and he 's not traveled unscathed . In July 2008 , he fractured his leg when he fell from one of the donkeys ; in 2006 , he was pounced on by bandits at a river crossing and tied to a tree when they found out he had no money . Despite these injuries , which left him with a limp , Soriano has no intention of slowing down . In addition to the biblioburro program , he and his wife built the largest free library in Magdalena next to their home . The library has 4,200 books , most of which are donated -- some from as far away as New York City . They also run a small community restaurant . Soriano 's hope is that people will understand the power of reading and that communities can improve from being exposed to books and diverse ideas . "  For us teachers , it 's an educational triumph , and for the parents -LSB- it 's -RSB- a great satisfaction when a child learns how to read . That 's how a community changes and the child becomes a good citizen and a useful person , " Soriano said . "  Literature is how we connect them with the world . " Want to get involved ? Check out Luis Soriano 's website at www.fundacionbiblioburro.com and see how to help .	Teacher uses donkeys to bring mobile library to children in rural Colombia More than 4,000 youngsters have benefited since the program began in 1990 Children get homework help , learn to read or listen to stories and geography lessons Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
PARIS , France  CNN  -- France will soon rejoin NATO 's military command more than 40 years after it left , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Tuesday . French President Nicolas Sarkozy has aligned France more closely with the U.S. France was a founding member of the alliance in 1949 but it left the military structure in 1966 amid frictions with the United States . France has continued , however , to contribute troops to NATO missions and to participate in NATO 's political bodies . Analysts expect that when France takes over the rotating six-month presidency of the European Union next month , Sarkozy will try to boost the EU defense dimension . Some nations , particularly the United States , have been suspicious of a greater EU defense initiative , seeing it as an attempt to undermine NATO . Sarkozy 's move , which he has signaled for months , could be seen as an attempt to reconcile the two sides and help the United States warm to the idea of the European Union having its own security organization . "  Basically , the tradeoff is that they no longer suspect French motives in pushing for a greater EU defense dimension because of Sarkozy 's willingness to make France a fully participating member of NATO , " said Robin Oakley , CNN 's European Political Editor . From its earliest years , NATO 's transatlantic ties were strained because U.S. analysts warned that if the European allies failed to increase their contributions to the alliance , they risked losing the support of the United States , according to NATO . The European allies felt the United States was trying to dominate NATO , and the resulting frictions led French President Charles de Gaulle to withdraw from NATO 's military structure in 1966 , according to NATO . That decision meant no French forces could be under permanent allied command and that France would have no participation in defense planning . In 1995 , France rejoined NATO 's military committee , which advises NATO 's political authorities on military policy and strategy and provides guidance on military matters to NATO 's strategic commanders . While France was still not a part of the military command , it contributed troops and funding to NATO activities , including KFOR in Kosovo and ISAF in Afghanistan . Some 5,000 French troops are currently committed to NATO operations and France contributes 13.8 percent of its military budget to the alliance , according to the French Foreign Ministry . The Center for European Reform , an EU think tank , said Sarkozy 's move will end a "  ruinous quarrel " between Europe 's two main security organizations -- NATO and the EU defense initiative . "  Sarkozy has broken a long-standing taboo in French foreign policy and opened the possibility of a dramatic improvement in EU-NATO cooperation , " the CER said in December , after the president hinted at the move he made Tuesday . The European security and defense policy , or ESDP , has its origins in the 1990s , when EU leaders decided Europe needed its own military and civilian capabilities for security . So far , the ESDP is still just a framing of common defense policy which might one day lead to a common defense , according to the European Union . The ESDP does not involve the creation of a European army , the EU says .	France to rejoin NATO 's military command , French President Sarkozy announces French split with NATO 's military structure in 1966 amid frictions with U.S. France set to push closer EU military cooperation when it assumes EU presidency France has continued to contribute troops , funds to NATO missions
Anniversaries are useful moments to pause and reflect . For the 70th anniversary of D-Day and subsequent campaign in northern France , it is also an opportunity to look at the past in detail and ask how much of what we think we know is true and how much is well-entrenched myth . Not only is it more interesting , it is also of greater worth as we plan for the future and pray there will never be a conflict like World War II again . 1 . MYTH : D-Day was predominantly an American operation REALITY : For many people , D-Day is defined by the bloodshed at Omaha -- the codename for one of the five beaches where Allied forces landed -- and the American airborne drops . Even in Germany , the perception is still that D-Day was a largely American show ; in the recent German TV mini-series , "  Generation War , " there was a reference to the "  American landings " in France . But despite "  Band of Brothers , " despite "  Saving Private Ryan , " despite those 11 photographs taken by Robert Capa in the swell on that morning of June 6 1944 , D-Day was not a predominantly American effort . Rather , it was an Allied effort with , if anything , Britain taking the lead . Yes , Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower , the supreme Allied commander , was American , but his deputy , Air Chief Marshal Sir Arthur Tedder was British , as were all three service chiefs . Air Marshal Sir Arthur "  Mary " Coningham , commander of the tactical air forces , was also British . The plan for Operation Overlord -- as D-Day was codenamed -- was largely that of Gen. Bernard Montgomery , the land force commander . The Royal Navy had overall responsibility for Operation Neptune , the naval plan . Of the 1,213 warships involved , 200 were American and 892 were British ; of the 4,126 landing craft involved , 805 were American and 3,261 were British . Share your family 's D-Day stories Indeed , 31 % of all U.S. supplies used during D-Day came directly from Britain , while two-thirds of the 12,000 aircraft involved were also British , as were two-thirds of those that landed in occupied France . Despite the initial slaughter at Omaha , casualties across the American and British beaches were much the same . This is not to belittle the U.S. effort but rather to add context and a wider , 360-degree view . History needs to teach as well as entertain . 2 . MYTH : American forces were ill-prepared REALITY : By the end of World War II the United States had the best armed services in the world . The 77-day Normandy campaign did much to help them reach this point . Northern France was a showcase for American tactical and operational flexibility . At the start of the campaign , the Americans found themselves fighting through the Norman "  bocage , " an area of small fields lined with thick , raised hedgerows and narrow , sunken lanes . They had n't trained for this ; instead they expected that the Germans would quickly retreat after a successful Allied landing . For the Germans , the bocage offered cover and ambush opportunities for mortar teams and machine guns . Even the American 30-ton Sherman tanks could n't get through these hedgerows . Then a U.S. sergeant came up with the ingenious solution of attaching a hedge-cutting tool built from German beach obstacles to the front of a Sherman . Gen. Omar Bradley , the U.S. First Army commander , was impressed ; within a fortnight , the device had been fitted to 60 % of all U.S. Shermans in Normandy . This was but one example . During the campaign huge developments also were made in close air support , as well as in coordination between infantry , artillery and armor . Medical services advanced so much that one in four casualties returned to the battlefield after treatment , remarkable for 1944 . 3 . MYTH : The Allies became bogged down in Normandy REALITY : In the pre-invasion estimates for the Normandy campaign , the Allies expected to be roughly 50 miles inland after 17 days , based on German retreats in North Africa and Italy . But Adolf Hitler ordered his forces to fight as close to the French coast as possible and not give an inch . On paper it seemed that the Allies were n't making much progress , but in reality the German strategy worked to the Allies ' advantage as they pounded the enemy with offshore naval guns . For by 1944 the Allies had realized that German tactics -- which dated back more than 100 years -- were rigidly predictable . Striking back once the enemy had overextended itself was central to German DNA throughout World War II . The Allies soon realized that this penchant for counterattack meant that the Germans would eventually move into the open and get hammered . By the end of the Normandy campaign the Germans were hemorrhaging men and machines , with two armies all but destroyed . True , a handful of Germans did escape the attempted encirclement around Falaise , but it was still a massive Allied victory . In the rapid advance that followed , the Allies moved more quickly than Germans had in the opposite direction four years before , during the invasion of France . 4 . MYTH : German soldiers were better trained than their Allied counterparts REALITY : At the start of World War II the best German units were more than a match for their Allied opposition -- but by 1944 that had changed radically . There were a few exceptions , such as the Panzer Lehr , but come D-Day most German units were not as well trained as the Allies . Some Allied units in Normandy had been preparing for four years for this campaign . In contrast , many German troops had had little more than a few weeks ' notice . The German ad hoc battle groups known as kampfgruppen are traditionally regarded as showcasing tactical flexibility , but even these were borne of extreme shortages and desperation toward the end of the war . The German paratroopers , or fallschirmjger , were acknowledged to be among the best of their armed forces , yet one veteran I interviewed recalled how he had barely any training , save a few route marches and practice at laying mines . He never trained with a tank , had no transport and had to march 200 miles from Brittany when sent to the front . His case was not atypical : All infantry divisions in Normandy were expected to move by either foot or horse-drawn cart . The veteran I spoke to reached Saint-L , a major Normandy town , on June 12 with a company of 120 men . When he was captured on August 19 he was one of just nine men still standing . The Germans had a doctrine during World War II called auftragstaktik -- best described as the ability to use one 's initiative -- which has been hailed as what set their soldiers apart . But the paratrooper I spoke to knew nothing of it . By that stage of the war , German training was so skimpy that it was impossible to implement . 5 . MYTH : The Germans had stronger tactical skills REALITY : The dogged determination of the Germans to fight during D-Day is often confused with tactical skill . It should n't . The best analogy is with more recent conflicts like Afghanistan or even Vietnam , when Western forces had the best training and kit yet struggled to defeat a massively inferior enemy . As the Taliban have shown , it is very difficult to completely defeat your enemy if they do n't want to be defeated . The only way to do that is to kill them all . This is why the Germans took so long to be defeated in Normandy and , subsequently , despite a lack of training , they were still a very dangerous and deadly enemy with plenty of powerful weapons and a fierce determination to keep fighting . This was for a number of reasons : Nazi indoctrination , a profound sense of duty and the threat of execution for deserters . In World War I the Germans executed 48 men for desertion ; during World War II that figure rose to 30,000 . 6 . MYTH : America and Britain got off lightly in World War II REALITY : Allied frontline troops suffered horrifically during World War II . Democracies such as Britain and America tried to achieve victory with as few casualties as possible . For the most part , they did this very successfully using technology and machinery to shield lives wherever they could . However , short distances still had to be won by the infantry , tank units and artillery . Although technology meant the Allies needed fewer forces than a generation earlier , those in the firing line still pulled the very short straw . Losses to frontline troops were proportionally worse during the 77-day Normandy campaign than they were during the major battles along the Western Front during World War I. D-Day veteran : I do n't want them to be forgotten	D-Day signalled the start of the campaign which ended World War II in Europe Many myths have subsequently developed about the events in Normandy , says historian James Holland says Operation Overlord was not just an American venture He also argues that German soldiers were not better trained than the Allies
U.S. and Canadian safety officials asked regulators on Thursday for new rules to prevent rail accidents like the one that decimated the Quebec town of Lac-Megantic last July . The National Transportation Safety Board and the Transportation Safety Board of Canada say the growing use of trains to ship highly volatile crude oil is endangering communities in both countries . "  The large-scale shipment of crude oil by rail simply did n't exist 10 years ago , and our safety regulations need to catch up with this new reality , " NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said in a statement . "  While this energy boom is good for business , the people and the environment along rail corridors must be protected from harm . " Forty-seven Lac-Megantic residents died and the town 's center destroyed when an unattended train hauling oil descended down a grade , derailed , and erupted in fire . The U.S. and Canadian safety agencies that investigate accidents issued an unprecedented joint recommendation calling for a series of new rules . Crude oil shipment by rail has increased over 400 % since 2005 , the NTSB said , citing figures from the Association of American Railroads . The growth has been spurred by increased drilling in the Bakken Shale region of North Dakota , Montana and adjoining provinces in Canada . Canadian safety officials still have not ruled on the cause of the Lac-Megantic derailment . But they have said the highly volatile oil in tanker cars was improperly described in shipping documents as a less flammable substance . The petroleum cruel oil was a hazardous "  Class 3 , Packing Group II " product , but was shipped as a "  Packing Group III " product , investigators said . The misidentification explains in part why the fuel ignited so quickly after the derailment , authorities said . But investigators have not said whether the shipping error was intentional or inadvertent , and suggested it was unlikely the error made a difference since both types of fuel -- Packing Group II and III -- are shipped in the same Class 111 tank cars . Following the Lac-Megantic catastrophe , the Federal Railroad Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued a safety advisory and announced an operation to conduct unannounced inspections and testing of crude oil that shipped by rail . But the NTSB said it "  remains concerned the practice of mischaracterizing the packing groups of crude oil shipments may allow shippers to avoid " security requirements . The NTSB is recommending that rail and hazardous materials safety agencies require expanded planning for railroads to avoid populated areas when shipping petroleum products when possible . It is also wants an audit program to ensure railroads have adequate capabilities to respond to "  worst-case discharges " of products carried on a train . And it asks the government to audit shippers and railroads to ensure they are properly classifying hazardous materials and have adequate safety and security plans in place . The NTSB and its Canadian counterpart issued the safety recommendations jointly because railroad companies routinely operate crude oil unit trains in both countries and across the border .	Joint U.S. / Canadian recommendation aims to prevent accidents They were prompted by a derailment that killed 47 people in Lac-Megantic , Quebec An increase in oil shipments in Canada and the U.S. and across the border raising concern
CNN  -- Two people were executed Tuesday in China for their part in a tainted milk scandal that killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others , state-run media reported . Zhang Yujun was executed for endangering public safety and Geng Jinping was executed for producing and selling toxic food , the Xinhua news agency said . The tainted formula came to light in September 2008 , after several babies fell ill from drinking formula that contained melamine . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants added the chemical to milk products so they would appear to have a higher protein level . The tainted milk caused kidney stones and urinary tract problems in hundreds of thousands of children . The 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the formula have offered compensation to victims ' families . In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal , Xinhua reported . Among them , Zhang and Geng were sentenced to death , and most others received at least 15 years in prison .	Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping executed for their roles in toxic milk scandal In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal Tainted milk killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others Drinking formula held melamine , a toxin dairy plants used to make protein levels appear higher
CNN  -- French champions Marseille have moved quickly to boost their forward options by winning the race to sign highly-rated striker Loic Remy from Nice . The 23-year-old had been one of the most sought-after players in Europe after scoring 26 goals in 68 games in the past two Ligue 1 seasons . The former Lyon player passed a medical on Thursday and joined Marseille , who have lost the first two league matches of this season , for a fee of about $ 19 million . Marseille coach Didier Deschamps turned to him as a replacement for Senegal star Mamadou Niang , who joined Turkish side Fenerbahce this week , after being put off by the price of Sevilla 's Brazilian World Cup star Luis Fabiano . Ivory Coast striker Bakari Kone and former Spain forward Fernando Morientes have also left l'OM since last season . "  In as far as the expectations of the public are concerned , I 'd hoped to bring in a striker of international caliber like Fabiano , " Deschamps said in quotes carried by the UK Press Association . "  But when I was told about the figures being spoken about I can not ask the club to buy whatever the cost . I do n't have the right to ask that . If the price is not reasonable , then stop . " Remy , who has signed a five-year contract after being courted by English clubs such as Stoke and West Ham , said that Marseille 's involvement in the UEFA Champions League was a key factor . "  It 's something I was looking for . After that , we know very well that many players want to play for OM . It is not given to everyone . When Jose Anigo came to offer me a contract , I took the time to think but have had no hesitation , " he told club 's website . Marseille had also been linked with another France international striker Andre-Pierre Gignac , but his club issued a statement on Wednesday denying having received an offer for the striker . Spanish club Sevilla have told English side Arsenal to improve their offer for France international defender Sebastien Squillaci . The 30-year-old center-back was left out of Wednesday night 's defeat by Braga as he did not want to become cup-tied in the Champions League . Arsenal need cover with Mikael Silvestre , William Gallas , Sol Campbell and Philippe Senderos having left , with only young Frenchman Laurent Koscielny coming in . Croatia striker Nikica Jelavic is poised to join Scottish champions Rangers after refusing to play in Rapid Vienna 's Europa League qualifier against Aston Villa on Thursday night , which ended in a 1-1 draw . Rangers agreed a $ 6 million fee with the Austria side and the 24-year-old , who will undergo a medical on Friday . Slovakia 's young World Cup star Vladimir Weiss will also move to Glasgow after agreeing a season-long loan from big-spending club Manchester City , having been a target for Scottish rivals Celtic , Germany 's Stuttgart and Italian side Sampdoria . The 20-year-old winger spent the second half of last season with English club Bolton before helping Slovakia reach the second round in South Africa . English club Liverpool left Argentina international Javier Mascherano out of the team for Thursday 's 1-0 home win Trabzonspor in the Europa League , despite manager Roy Hodgson earlier insisting the wantaway midfielder would not leave unless an acceptable offer is received . Mascherano , 26 , has two years left on his contract but a much-hyped reunion with former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez at Inter Milan has yet to eventuate . In other Europa League ties , Russian runners-up Sibir Novosibirsk beat 21-time Dutch champions PSV Eindhoven 1-0 and former Germany captain Michael Ballack scored a late penalty in Bayer Leverkusen 's 3-0 win over Ukraine 's Tavriya Simferopol . Manchester City won 1-0 away to Romania 's Timisoara thanks to a debut goal from Italy striker Mario Balotelli . Turkish club Fenerbahce lost 1-0 PAOK Saloniki , having already been knocked out of the Champions League , while fellow Istanbul giants Galatasaray were held 2-2 at home by Karpaty Lviv of Ukraine . Stuttgart won 1-0 away to Slovenia 's Slovan Bratislava , while fellow German club Borussia Dortmund crushed Azerbaijan 's FK Karabakh with two goals by Paraguay World Cup striker Lucas Barrios and Japanese forward Shinji Kagawa -- all coming in the first half . Celtic won 2-0 at home to Dutch side Utrecht , while Portugal 's Porto won 3-0 away to 10-man Racing Genk of Belgium . Danish side Brondy won 2-0 away to Sporting Lisbon in the Portuguese capital , while Italian giants Juventus won 2-1 away to Austria 's Sturm Graz thanks to Amauri 's late goal .	Young France international striker Loic Remy joins French champions Marseille The 23-year-old had been targeted by several English clubs after starring for Nice Spanish side Sevilla tell Arsenal to improve bid for France defender Sebastien Squillaci Croatia international Nikica Jelavic is poised to join Scottish champions Rangers
Rome  CNN  -- The body of a mobster buried among cardinals and bishops on a Vatican property has been exhumed in an investigation into a teenage girl 's disappearance . Investigators at the church of Sant ` Apollinare in central Rome opened the tomb of Enrico "  Renatino " De Pedis on Monday in the search for clues about what happened to Emanuela Orlandi , the daughter of a prominent Vatican employee . The 15-year-old vanished without a trace after leaving her Vatican apartment for music lessons on the afternoon of June 22 , 1983 . The mystery has captivated people throughout Italy and triggered numerous conspiracy theories . In the crypt , in addition to De Pedis ' body , investigators found dozens of boxes of human bones , which they are testing . At the time of Emanuela 's disappearance nearly 30 years ago , a witness reported seeing a girl who fit her description getting into a dark green BMW near the music school , which was adjacent to the Sant ` Apollinare church . That lead was never corroborated . In 1981 , two years before the girl 's disappearance , Turkish national Mehmet Ali Agca shot Pope John Paul II . In the days after Emanuela disappeared , her parents received anonymous phone calls from someone promising the safe return of their daughter if the Vatican released Agca . Meanwhile , an anonymous caller told police that Emanuela was kidnapped to keep her father , Ercole Orlandi , quiet . That caller said Ercole Orlandi had stumbled upon sensitive documents that tied banker Roberto Calvi to an organized crime syndicate . Calvi was known as "  God 's banker " for his close association with both the Holy See and its primary banking facility , Banco Ambrosiano . Orlandi worked in the Vatican 's special events office that organizes papal functions and Catholic celebrations . Calvi was found hanged in London in 1982 . Speculation turned from suicide to homicide in that case . The tipster to police in Italy said Orlandi 's daughter was nabbed to ensure her father 's silence . Ercole Orlandi died in 2004 . In 2005 , another anonymous call to an Italian detective said Emanuela was kidnapped on the orders of the then-vicar of Rome , Cardinal Ugo Poletti , and that "  the secret to the mystery lies in a tomb in Sant ` Apollinare basilica " -- specifically De Pedis ' tomb . De Pedis was gunned down in Rome in 1990 and his body was moved to the basilica some time before 1997 , presumably either as part of a secret deal for a massive loan De Pedis made to the Vatican or to protect his tomb from being desecrated by rival gang members . In 2008 , De Pedis ' mistress said he was involved in Emanuela 's kidnapping and that the girl was buried under the foundation of a house outside of Rome . Investigators searched that house but found that the concrete foundation was poured the year before the girl 's disappearance and could not have been connected to the crime . The Vatican has distanced itself from the Orlandi controversy . In a three-page letter broadcast on RAI television , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said he asked Vatican cardinals whether the Vatican 's failure to collaborate in the original kidnapping probe was "  normal and justifiable affirmation of Vatican sovereignty , or if in fact circumstances were withheld that might have helped clear something up . " The Vatican cooperated immediately with the exhumation . After opening the tomb Monday , investigators found De Pedis ' body so well preserved that scientific police were able to confirm his identity through fingerprints . Also inside the crypt were the boxes of bones , according to investigators on the scene . The church has been used for burials for two centuries . Still , all of the bones will be tested to determine whether they are tied to De Pedis or to Emanuela 's disappearance . De Pedis will not be reburied in the church , the Vatican said . De Pedis family lawyer Lorenzo Radogna said the remains will either be cremated or reinterred in a public cemetery in Rome .	The body of mobster Enrico "  Renatino " De Pedis was moved to a Rome basilica in the 1990s Teen Emanuela Orlandi disappeared in 1983 An anonymous caller and his former mistress have linked De Pedis to the disappearance De Pedis will not be reburied at the site
CNN  Catapulted into the international spotlight after the publication of a sensational biography in 2012 , Shin Dong-hyuk became the most famous North Korean defector . A soft-spoken and shy man , Shin shared his harrowing story about escaping from a total control zone called Camp 14 , giving Western audiences an accessible reading on North Korea . Over the weekend , Shin stated that parts of his stories are inaccurate , although he did not specify which aspects . He posted on Facebook that parts of his past "  that I so badly wanted to cover up can no longer be hidden . " Blaine Harden , author of "  Escape From Camp 14 , " wrote on his website that Shin had admitted several inaccuracies , including the length of time he spent in Camp 14 . For more : North Korean prison camp survivor admits inaccuracies Shin 's high-profile role and now admitted inconsistencies in his story raised concerns that it could undermine human rights advocacy efforts and distract from testimonies by other North Korean refugees . "  There are a lot of people who actually have been to the  prison  camp and experienced it . It will be wrong for their witness accounts to lose credibility because of this incident , " said Ahn Myeong Chul , a former North Korean camp guard who knows Shin . Peter Jung , director of the human rights group Justice for North Korea , said he 's "  worried that people testifying about North Korea will be called a liar " but that Shin 's new revelations ca n't challenge the fact that "  North Korea control camps exist . " Jung said that many North Korean refugees , such as Shin , suffer from major trauma after escaping the regime and called for support . "  I hope he gathers his courage and tells his story accurately and honestly , and we must help him do that . " Scrutiny on North Korea 's human rights abuses North Korean memoirs and testimonies can not be verified -- there are no paper trails and investigators can not interview or access witnesses in a closed society . Their stories are compared for consistency with other defectors and experts , but the process is far from foolproof . CNN has not been able to reach Shin , who noted in his social media apology that "  these will be my final words and this will likely be my final post . " Shin 's admission of inaccuracies comes at a time of unparalleled attention on North Korea 's human rights record following a landmark U.N. Commission of Inquiry report listing abuses of the Pyongyang regime . While "  Escape From Camp 14 " was not the sole reason for the creation of the commission , Navi Pillay , then the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , urged the probe after meeting Shin and another North Korean prison camp survivor in December 2012 . Since the commission report 's release in 2014 , the U.N. General Assembly has called for more sanctions and a referral of those responsible to the International Criminal Court . The matter remains at the U.N. Security Council , where it 's likely China would block referrals of Kim Jong Un and his leadership to the International Criminal Court . Double horror or triple horror ? Michael Kirby , chairman of the Commission of Inquiry into North Korea , said that Shin 's testimony consisted of only two paragraphs in the 400-page report and that he was only one of hundreds of North Korean witnesses . "  It 's a very small part of a very long story . And it really does n't affect the credibility of the testimony , which is online , " he said . "  Lots of people took part  in  this inquiry . Their stories are powerful and convincing , and these stories do not only represent Shin but other people in North Korea . " In a reversal of his story told for years , Shin told Harden on Friday that he had been transferred to another prison , Camp 18 , when he was 6 , instead of spending his entire life inside North Korea at the total control zone Camp 14 , the author says on his website . The distinction of whether Shin was imprisoned in Camp 14 or 18 was not a deal breaker for Kirby . "  It seems as if the issue is whether he was in the total control zone , or whether he was in an ordinary prison camp . In another words , it 's whether triple horror or double horror , " Kirby said . Pressures Shin bears the physical scars of torture , including a missing fingertip and burn marks on his back , according to the book . And Harden noted in his book that during the interview process , Shin at times was unreliable and "  in many crucial instances , corrected his Korean memoir " -- an autobiography that Shin wrote in 2007 , called "  Escape to the Outside World , " which was only published in Korean . North Korea had sought to discredit Shin . Last fall , a pro-North Korea government website released videos with English subtitles featuring a man whom Shin recognized to be his father , disputing the story that his son was ever in a prison camp . Shin responded with a statement , accusing the government of "  holding my father hostage . " It 's unclear if the video had any bearing on the timing of Shin 's admission . Ahn , the former prison camp guard who has known Shin for seven years , said he believes the crux of Shin 's story is true and that torture in either camp is still the same . "  Shin became an icon for North Korean human rights . Whether he was in Camp 14 or Camp 18 , he is definitely a person from a political prison camp . He was born there and tortured there . " CNN 's Judy Kwon and KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	Shin Dong-hyuk , subject of best-selling book , admits part of his stories are inaccurate Advocates say it does n't matter which North Korean prison camp Shin was in Some fear Shin 's admission of inaccuracies will affect views of other defectors ' testimonies
CNN  -- A Saudi Arabian man was arrested after bragging about his sex life on television , local media reported . Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel LBC , where he went into "  graphic details about his sexual conquests , " according to Arab News , an English daily . A segment of the show "  Red Line " posted on YouTube shows the 32-year-old talking about sex and foreplay . He also discusses losing his virginity to a neighbor while he was 14 . In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal and unrelated men and women are not allowed to mingle . A government official told the newspaper that discussing sex in public is a punishable offense that may affect anyone involved in the broadcast . "  It is wrong to host people on television to speak publicly about vice and issues against our religion , " said Ahmad Qasim Al-Ghamdi , director of Mecca 's branch of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , also known as the religious police . "  The program presents anomalies and deviancy in society that are unacceptable and immoral , and should be punished according to Shariah . " About 100 people have filed a complaint against Abdul Jawad , alleging among other things , that he violated a principle of Shariah law by "  publicizing his sinful behavior , " the daily said . It is unclear what punishment , if any , Abdul Jawad faces . CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad or the Saudi Ministry of Justice for comment .	Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel He gives "  graphic details about his sexual conquests , " reports Arab News In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal About 100 people have filed a complaint against Abdul Jawad ; punishment not clear
CNN Student News  -- March 26 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Iowa  Dubai , United Arab Emirates  Chicago , Illinois Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are acceptable ! Just does n't have the same ring , especially on the most awesome day of the week ! Well , I 'm Carl Azuz . I welcome you to CNN Student News ; we 're kicking things off right now ! First Up : Health Care AZUZ : First up , follow the bouncing health care bill : It 's in the House , then the Senate , then the House again . It 's hard to keep up with . But another health care reform bill -- the set of changes to the legislation that 's already law -- moved move from the Senate back to the House yesterday . Now the House , as you might remember , had dealt with this legislation before . But because the Senate made adjustments to it , the House had to pass the new version . Well , it did last night , and it will become law when President Obama signs it . It 'll cost more than $ 60 billion in addition to the $ 875 billion health reform law . Democratic leaders had put these changes on the fast track . Part of the reason for the quick turnaround is recess . Congress is scheduled to start its two-week Easter break today . Meanwhile , President Obama is working to convince the American people of the benefits of the health care law he 's already signed . Here , you see him speaking at an event in Iowa yesterday . But there have been some strong reactions to this law and to the political debate surrounding the entire health care issue . And those reactions have raised concerns about security for some members of Congress . Threatening messages , vandalized offices , even gunshots fired at one congressman 's campaign office . It 's been reported by Democrats and Republicans , and leaders of both fo those parties are speaking out against it . REP. JOHN BOEHNER ,  R  MINORITY LEADER : I know many Americans are angry over this health care bill and angry at Democrats here in Washington for not listening . But as I 've said before , violence and threats are unacceptable . They have no place in a political debate . REP. JAMES CLYBURN ,  D  MAJORITY WHIP : We 're giving aid and comfort to these people , and this stuff gets ratcheted up . We in this Congress have got to come together in a bipartisan way and tamp this foolishness down . Do n't Ask AZUZ : Okay , moving from health care to another controversial issue . Teachers , you might want to preview this next segment . It deals with the military 's controversial "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy . It 's a law ; went into effect in 1993 . It keeps gays and lesbians from openly serving in the U.S. military . The Obama administration wants to end the law , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates is already taking steps toward doing that . Now , some military officials are concerned about the impact that getting rid of the law will have on troops . Secretary Gates says there 's a lot to consider . ROBERT GATES , U.S. DEFENSE SECRETARY : I do not recommend a change in the law before we have completed our study . There is a great deal we do n't know about this in terms of the views of our service members , in terms of the views of their families and influencers . There is a lot we have to address in terms of what would be required in the way of changed regulations , in terms of benefits . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Willis 's classes at Carmel High School in Carmel , Indiana ! Where would you find the world 's tallest building ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Dubai , B  New York , C  Paris or D  Kuala Lumpur ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Dubai is currently home to the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Debt Crisis AZUZ : You might 've been able to tell from that map we had in that Shoutout : Dubai is in the United Arab Emirates , so this next story takes place in the Middle East . The company that built the Burj Khalifa is called Dubai World , and it 's getting a $ 9.5 billion bailout from the government of Dubai . Now that 's important , because Dubai world owes more than $ 23 billion in debt . The Burj Khalifa , it 's towering ; you see it here . It cost $ 1.5 billion . Dubai World has also spent money to build artificial islands and luxury homes . Dubai is a very wealthy part of the world . Financial experts thought it would n't be affected by the global financial crisis . But , like everywhere , it was . Last November , Dubai World said it was having problems paying off that multi-billion dollar debt . And now , the company says it could take 5 to 8 years to pay everything off in full . Women 's History Month AZUZ : As CNN Student News celebrates Women 's History Month , we want to wish a happy birthday to Sandra Day O'Connor . She was born on March 26th -- today ! -- in 1930 . Her birthplace : El Paso , Texas . While serving in the Arizona state senate , O'Connor became the majority leader . She was the first woman in U.S. history to hold that position . That 's not her only famous first . In 1981 , O'Connor was nominated to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court , and she became the first female , Supreme Court justice . Exploring the achievements of women in government , like Justice O'Connor , just one of the activities in our Women 's History Month materials . They 're completely free . You can find them in the Spotlight section . The address is everybody 's favorite Web site : CNNStudentNews.com . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The limbic system is the part of the human brain that controls emotions . Legit ! It includes the amygdala and hippocampus . Emotional Intelligence AZUZ : So , the emotions that are controlled by your limbic system do n't just affect how you feel . They can play a role in how you act and what kinds of decisions you make . Yesterday , we talked about creative intelligence . There 's also something called emotional intelligence ; it 's learning about your feelings and how to manage them . But should those lessons be taught in school ? That is the question that Alina Cho now considers . BEGIN VIDEO ALINA CHO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Along with math and science ... KEVIN SCHRANZ , CLARENDON HILLS MIDDLE SCHOOL : And so , what you 're going to do is put on your blindfolds . CHO : ... This is part of the curriculum at Clarendon Hills Middle School near Chicago . SCHRANZ : When everyone has their blindfolds on , I 'm going to have three people take off their blindfolds . CHO : An exercise in boosting self-esteem . SCHRANZ : Tap two people who you think can make you laugh . UNIDENTIFIED MALE STUDENT # 1 : It 's a different kind of enjoyment than a subject . It 's more like a spirit lifter , and it makes you feel good inside . CHO : But what does that have to do with being smart ? ASHLEY MERRYMAN , CO-AUTHOR , "  NURTURESHOCK " : I think that 's a horrible idea . Do you get graded then for being angry ? I mean , what does that mean in terms of real life ? ROGER WEISSBERG , PROFESSOR OF PSYCHOLOGY AT THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS , AUTHOR , "  EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE " : Emotional intelligence is a different way of being smart . CHO : Roger Weissberg , professor of psychology at the University of Illinois at Chicago , is the man behind the groundbreaking research on which the best-selling book "  Emotional Intelligence " is based . The concept : EQ is just as important as IQ . Weissberg says it turns out kids who get good social and emotional training score 11 percentage points higher on tests than kids who do n't . Why ? Why ? WEISSBERG : Well , I think there are a variety of reasons . They can overcome obstacles when they reach them . Some of this involves academic tenacity , teaching kids self-discipline and self-control . CHO : A learning process that starts in kindergarten . These are second graders role-playing . UNIDENTIFIED MALE STUDENT # 2 : I feel proud because I just learned how to draw a dinosaur in computer lab . UNIDENTIFIED MALE STUDENT # 3 : That is great . Can you teach me ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE STUDENT # 2 : Yes . CHO : What is the real world benefit of this ? WEISSBERG : One real world benefit is kids behave better in school . Another real world benefit is they 're less likely to fight . Another benefit is they 're less likely to do drugs . KATHLEEN JIRASEK , ELEMENTARY SCHOOL SOCIAL WORKER : I believe that this is the future . These children are our future . And so , I believe by teaching them this , they will be the leaders . CHO : Research also shows great leaders tend to be funny and the best doctors are empathetic . But can emotional intelligence be taught ? Should it be ? MERRYMAN : You 're not telling me that you ca n't learn how to behave with your peers ? CHO : What you 're saying is , do we really need a class for this ? MERRYMAN : I do n't think we need a class for this . CHO : Others argue getting along is just as important as getting good grades , and that the really smart thrive at both . WEISSBERG : This is not academics versus social and emotional development . That 's a false choice . This is teaching kids to be socially , emotionally and academically skilled . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we 're about to run wild ! As if horses are n't supposed to hang out in a parking lot ! Maybe it 's some sort of "  no loitering " rule . Or is it the first cross-species game of tag ? No , that 's it . It sounds a lot more interesting than "  horses run wild , humans hilariously give chase . " The problem with this whole thing was it was a stampede that worked its way into a suburban area . Goodbye AZUZ : And as some folks who live in that area might be saying , "  Oh well , there goes the neighborhood ! " Nah , we 're just horsin ' around . We 're sure the new residents are totally stable . You guys have a great weekend . Hope you forgive us . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear how Democrats and Republicans are responding to threats against lawmakers Find out why a company in Dubai is getting a bailout from its government Consider whether emotional intelligence should be addressed in school Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Entertainment Weekly  -- "  The Time Traveler 's Wife , " adapted from the 2003 best-seller by Audrey Niffenegger , is one of those gooey romantic mind-benders , like "  Ghost "  which I adored  or "  The Lake House "  not so much  , in which a couple must come to grips with some trippy impediment to their relationship , such as life after death or a hole in the space-time continuum . Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana star as a couple trying to connect in "  The Time Traveler 's Wife . " Only instead of being milked for elaborate science-fiction thrills , the problem at hand gets treated as a weepy and grandiose inconvenience . Sort of like the metaphysical version of having a husband who takes too many business trips . Henry  Eric Bana  is deeply , and eternally , in love with Clare  Rachel McAdams  , and she with him . The only problem is that he has a "  genetic anomaly " that causes him to skip around through time without warning . All of a sudden , he will melt out of the present and pop up ... somewhere else , in the future or in the past , without a stitch of clothing on , so that he must scramble for cover and regain his bearings . Then , just as suddenly , he 'll pop back into Clare 's life -- sometimes when he 's too young a man to have any idea who she is .  A little confused ? So was I. More jarringly , he sometimes appears when he 's an adult and she 's an adoring young girl standing in a pastoral meadow . That 's when she falls in love with him -- which is meant to be innocent , but comes off as a bit unintentionally creepy . I mean , is the movie supposed to look like a contemporary version of "  The Lewis Carroll Story " ? To muddle matters further , Henry is seen at assorted ages , but except for the moment when he shows up at his wedding with sudden streaks of gray in his hair , Bana looks exactly the same in every scene . "  The Time Traveler 's Wife " is built as a game that the audience learns to play , and after a while , yes , we do get the hang of it . That is , we accept the film 's mixture of the playful and the slightly arbitrary ; we become romantic time travelers too . Although the script is by Bruce Joel Rubin , who wrote "  Ghost , " the film 's mood does n't change very much ; it 's gentle , wistful , gauzy , and placid . Bana , so fantastic in "  Munich , " has always had to work overtime to prove that an actor who looks like the Aussie gym-rat version of Rodin 's "  The Thinker " can play a gentle , unassuming regular guy . But he does nicely here . He and McAdams are sweet together , with matching dimples and starry eyes , and we grow eager to see them remain in the same place . In the end , that 's all there is to the movie , really . It 's a time-travel fantasy in search of a cozy love seat . EW Grade : B-minus CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chemistry between Eric Bana , Rachel McAdams saves "  Time Traveler 's Wife " Movie about man who can travel through time , hurting chances for romance A lot is silly , just waiting for the couple to get together at the right time
CNN  -- The Foo Fighters have made the most of their week-long residency on "  The Late Show with David Letterman " -- and they 've even moved the host to the verge of tears . On Wednesday 's after-show  which is available online  , Letterman told the story of how the Foos ' "  Miracle " provided the soundtrack for one of his most significant moments as a father : learning to ski with his then-4-year-old son , Harry . As Letterman tells it , he was hoping to find a bonding experience as the 60-something father of a young child and decided to try skiing . After several days of skiing , the instructor concluded his lessons by taking a video of the pair coming down a mountain in Montana 's Madison Range . Letterman said he forgot about the video until three weeks later , when a package arrived in the mail . "  Lo and behold , it 's me and it 's Harry coming down this mountain , " Letterman said , his voice clouding with emotion . "  The video is stunning because the kid could n't be cuter ... and the music the guy chose to put underneath the ski video is the song you 're going to hear now from the Foo Fighters . " After the performance concluded , Letterman added , "  You see what I mean ? That 's pretty good ! " The Foo Fighters have been dazzling all week long . On Monday , they brought out Zac Brown for a version of Black Sabbath 's "  War Pigs . " Tuesday found them collaborating with Heart 's Ann and Nancy Wilson on "  Kick It Out . " And on Wednesday 's show , singer-songwriter Tony Joe White joined the band for a bluesy version of his biggest hit , "  Polk Salad Annie . " The group and Letterman have a history . After his heart surgery in 2000 , the host requested that the group appear on "  Late Show " and play "  Everlong . " "  Ever since that day , we 've been in love . I do n't know how many times we 've played that show , but every time we do and I stand in the Ed Sullivan Theater , I never take that for granted , " frontman Dave Grohl told the Orange County Register . The band 's latest album , "  Sonic Highways , " is due November 10 . A companion TV series will air on HBO  which , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner  .	Foo Fighters fill David Letterman with emotion by playing "  Miracle " Song has special meaning for host , who associates it with fatherhood Foo Fighters have been in residence all week on "  Late Show "
CNN  -- Roger Federer extended his winning run to eight matches on Monday with a hard-fought victory over Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov in the third round of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells in California . The Swiss , who is seeking a fifth singles title at the tournament , snuck through in straight sets 7-6 7-6 in one hour , 45 minutes . Victory for 32-year-old Federer sets up a clash with either Germany 's Tommy Haas or Kei Nishikori from Japan who play later on Monday . The world No. 8 received a bye in the first round before dispatching France 's Paul-Henri Matheiu in straight sets in round two following on from his triumph in Dubai at the beginning of the month . In the other early match played Monday , Andy Murray needed three sets to beat Jiri Vesely of the Czech Republic . The Scot also labored in victory over Lukas Rosol in round two but eventually prevailed against world No. 77 Vesely 6-7 6-4 6-4 . Murray , who underwent back surgery last September , has yet to find his best form since returning to action in December and again looked ring-rusty against the big Czech . The world No. 6 -- an Indian Wells finalist in 2009 -- dropped serve six times against Vesely but eventually won through in two hours , 48 minutes . "  Whether it was the beginning or the end , it was that sort of match where at no stage did either of us play well at the same time , " Murray said . "  I started the match well , he started off the match badly . He missed a lot of easy shots , and then he started playing consistent , not making errors , and I started missing . "  It 's good to have the chance to play another match here and hopefully put in a better performance . " Meanwhile in the women 's draw , China 's Li Na overcame the challenge of Karolina Pliskova from the Czech Republic winning in straight sets 6-3 6-4 . Top seeded Li faces Aleksandra Wozniak in the fourth round after the Canadian won through against Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in three sets 6-1 6-7 6-0 . Italy 's Flavia Pennetta is also through to the fourth round after a three set victory  6-4 3-6 6-1  over Australia 's Samantha Stosur .	Roger Federer extends winning run to eight matches Swiss beats Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov in straight sets Andy Murray requires three sets to beat Jiri Vesely Top seed in women 's draw , Li Na through to fourth round
A New York judge Tuesday vacated the conviction of a man who spent nearly a quarter of a century behind bars for a Brooklyn slaying that occurred while he was vacationing in Florida . Jonathan Fleming , 51 , was found guilty in 1989 in the death of Darryl Rush in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn and served the next 24 years and 8 months in prison , according to the Kings County district attorney 's office . He was released Tuesday afternoon . Fleming has always maintained he was on a family trip to Disney World in Florida when Rush was shot to death early on the morning of August 15 , 1989 , in a dispute over stolen money . After years of reviewing documents and re-interviewing witnesses as part of a joint investigation between his attorneys and the Brooklyn district attorney 's Conviction Review Unit , it was determined that the only evidence tying him to the crime was an alleged witness who later recanted her statement . "  As you can imagine , after sitting in jail for 25 years for a crime he did n't commit , he ca n't help but feel vindicated , " said one of Fleming 's lawyers , Anthony Mayol . "  On the flip side , that 's 25 years that have been stolen , that he 'll never get back . " At his trial , defense lawyers provided family photos and home videos of Fleming in Florida around the time of Rush 's killing . But according to Taylor Koss , another of Fleming 's lawyers , they did not have evidence he was in Florida on the day of the slaying . The prosecution persuaded jurors to ignore the alibi . Fleming told his attorneys he had paid a bill for phone calls made from his Florida hotel room the night before Rush was killed , and he believed the receipt was in his pocket when police arrested him . But authorities told the defense he had no such receipt , according to Koss . In the course of the investigation , the Conviction Review Unit found the receipt in police records , time stamped and dated -- solidifying Fleming 's claim that he was in Florida at the time of the killing , according to the district attorney 's office . "  This is proof of alibi that was basically purposely withheld , " Koss said . The review unit also interviewed Fleming 's former girlfriend , who said she called Fleming the night of the killing while he was still at his hotel in Florida . The investigation found her story to be credible , with phone records to support it . The prosecution also produced a witness who said she saw Fleming commit the crime . According to Koss , the woman recanted her testimony weeks after Fleming 's conviction . She later testified in front of a judge that she was on parole and had been arrested with another woman for being in a stolen van the night of the killing . She said police persuaded her to give a statement against Fleming to avoid going back to jail . Koss said the judge threw out her later testimony because she could not provide enough facts to back up her story . A review unit search of police records years later came up with a timeline . The woman on probation was arrested with another woman on grand larceny charges and brought to the Brooklyn district attorney 's office , where she gave a statement . Within the hour , the investigation found , charges against her were dropped . Koss said defense investigators even found a witness in South Carolina who claims to have been the getaway driver during Rush 's killing and who even identified someone they say is the real killer . Judge Matthew D'Emic Tuesday vacated the conviction after a "  careful and thorough review of this case , and based on key alibi facts that place Fleming in Florida at the time of the murder , " said District Attorney Ken Thompson . Koss and Mayol say the next step is ensuring that Fleming has a way to support himself after he is released . "  He has no job , no career , no prospects , " Koss said . "  We 're suing everybody , let 's be honest , " Koss added , saying Fleming 's legal team intends to bring a civil rights lawsuit against the city and seek reparations from the state under a provision set up to redress wrongful convictions . Thompson , who became district attorney at the beginning of the year , has already released two men who had been in prison for more than half their lives in connection with three killings after DNA evidence tore holes in their convictions in February . Antonio Yarbough and Sharrif Wilson were teenagers when they were imprisoned . But after reviewing DNA evidence , Thompson said the previous convictions for the 1992 murders in Brooklyn would most likely not stand up in court and agreed the two men should be freed . Those cases , as well as Fleming 's , are not connected to investigations into Detective Louis Scarcella , whose questionable tactics have led to a review of some 50 other cases , the district attorney 's office said . On Monday , Thompson named Harvard law professor Ronald S. Sullivan , Jr. as special counsel to the district attorney for the Conviction Review Unit . Sullivan , who heads Harvard 's Criminal Justice Institute , will guide the group in future cases brought for review , according to the District Attorney 's office . New York City to pay man $ 6.4 million for wrongful conviction Innocent man : How inmate Michael Morton lost 25 years of his life Exonerated : Cases by the numbers	Jonathan Fleming , 51 , was released from prison after nearly 25 years Fleming was wrongly convicted in 1989 for the slaying of Darryl Rush Fleming has always maintained he was on a family trip in Florida at the time A review of his case by the DA 's Conviction Review Unit exonerated him
CNN  -- The world 's oldest person , as verified by the Guinness Book of World Records , is dead at the age of 114 , according to the Gerontology Research Group . Eunice Sanborn of Jacksonville , Texas , died quietly in her home on Monday , the research group said . Sanborn was born July 20 , 1896 , in Lake Charles , Louisiana , according to the Gerontology Research Group , which said it based her birth date and age conservatively on census records from the time . Her obituary in the Jacksonville Daily Progress had her even older , however , with the obituary citing a birth date of July 20 , 1895 . Sanborn , who was 7 years old when the Wright Brothers made their famous first powered flight in 1903 , outlived three husbands , according to the obituary . In her 90s and even beyond her 100th birthday , she would joke with men that she was scouting for her fourth , according to the Jacksonville , Texas , Daily Progress . Sanborn 's only child , a daughter , died in 2005 at the age of 90 , the newspaper said . When Sanborn was born , the Civil War was history -- but just by 30 years . When she was 4 months old , William McKinley defeated William Jennings Bryan for the presidency of the United States . The United States would enter World War I when she was 21 , in 1917 . By then she had been married for four years , according to Robert Young with the Gerontology Research Group . Young , a senior claims researcher with the global Gerontology Research Group and a senior consultant for Guinness World Records , said Sanborn had one of three strong predictors of longevity on her side : she was born female . According to the GRG , there are 85 "  supercentarians " in the world -- people with verified ages of 110 or older . Of those , 80 are women and only five are men . Young calls this the "  female advantage . " Young offered two others predictors of a long life : a healthy body weight and a positive outlook . He referred to Jeanne Calment of France who , when she died in 1997 at the age of 122 , had the longest confirmed life span in human history . He says reporters would ask her if she was concerned about the death of relatives and that she responded , "  I ca n't do anything about it , so why worry ? " Young also told the story of when Calment broke her hip and was confined to bed just prior to her 115th birthday . When asked at her birthday party if she got bored , Young said Calment replied , "  I think . I dream . I go over my life . I never get bored . " She was soon back on her feet , he said . Although some factors of long life lie within our control , L. Stephen Coles , GRG executive director , said much of what determines how long a person lives is programmed in the genes at birth . He noted that those with long lives tracked by his organization have relatives who have lived long lives , too . "  Even if you have everything going for you , if you do n't have good genes from your parents then you wo n't be able to get to be a supercentenarian , " he said . With Sanborn 's death , the "  oldest living person " designation goes to Besse Cooper of Monroe , Georgia , according to the GRG . Like Sanborn , she was born in 1896 , but after Sanborn . On August 26 , she will celebrate her 115th birthday .	Eunice Sanborn was born in 1896 , according to a gerontology group An obituary in her hometown paper put her even older by a year The gerontology group says of the 85 people 110 or older , 80 are women The oldest person now is Besse Cooper of Georgia , at 114
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fighting between two militias erupted at the building that previously housed Libya 's intelligence agency in central Tripoli early Sunday , sources said . One of the militias was recently ordered dissolved for violating rules , including torturing a detainee to death , the chief of Libya 's temporary supreme security committee told LANA , the state news agency . At least one person was killed in the battle and another was seriously wounded , according to a medical source . Three other people were treated for wounds , the source said . The gunfire and explosions , intense at time , were heard by a CNN producer . The interior ministry ordered the militia , identified as the 8th Support Brigade , to be evicted from the building , according to Hashim Bishr , the supreme security committee chief told LANA . Also Sunday , Libya 's General National Congress voted Sunday to stay in it 's Tripoli headquarters and not move to the eastern city of Bayda . The parliament building in Tripoli has suffered several security breaches , including an incident last Wednesday in which protesters stormed it . Tripoli 's gas stations ran low on fuel Sunday , forcing some to shut down their pumps , because of a strike by refinery workers who were previously rebel fighters , LANA reported . The striking workers at the oil refinery in the city of Zawiya are demanding better medical treatment for their wounds suffered during the recent civil war , LANA reported .	One of the militias was recently ordered dissolved for violating rules , official says The gunfire and explosions , intense at time , were heard by a CNN producer One person died and another was seriously wounded , according to a medical source
CNN  -- Another wonder strike from in-form Dutch winger Arjen Robben proved enough to give Bayern Munich a narrow 1-0 Champions League semifinal first leg win over Lyon , in a match which saw both sides reduced to 10 men . Robben , who scored a hat-trick in Bayern 's 7-0 thrashing of Hannover , continued where he left off last weekend by scoring the only goal in the 69th minute . Picking the ball up 25 yards from goal , Robben 's impressive strike took a slight deflection off the head of teammate Thomas Muller to wrong-foot goalkeeper Hugo Lloris . Bayern were the better of the two sides , but they suffered an early setback when midfielder Franck Ribery , whose name has been linked to an alleged sex scandal in his native France , was sent off for a late challenge on Lisandro in the 37th minute . Ribery lunged in with studs showing , catching Lisnadro on his ankle , and Italian referee Robert Rosetti had no hesitation in producing a straight red card , meaning the Frenchman will now miss the second leg in Lyon next week . However , nine minutes after the break , Lyon 's man advantage disappeared when Jeremy Toulalan , who had been booked for a foul on Robben just three minutes earlier , was shown a second yellow card for a high challenge . Lyon had endured a long trip by road and rail to get to Munich and , like Barcelona in Milan 24 hours earlier , they appeared tired and lethargic throughout the majority of the match .	Bayern Munich defeat Lyon 1-0 in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal In-form Arjen Robben scores the only goal with a spectacular long-range strike Franck Ribery and Jeremy Toulalan are sent off as both team finish with 10 men
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- A great deal has been said about the five week long election underway in India . The world 's largest democracy . 814 million people going to the polls . A candidate representing a family dynasty versus a firebrand chief minister . But this race will likely boil down to three simple numbers that impact every citizen in the country : growth , inflation and interest rates . To be blunt , they do not favor the incumbent Congress party which has ruled for the last decade . What 's at stake ? Economic growth came in at only 4.5 % in the last fiscal year , the worst performance in a decade . We are awaiting the final tally for last year , but bets are it will be below 5 % . Consumer inflation for February came in at a 25-month low of 8.1 % , but that is incredibly high when the rest of the world is trying to fight off deflation , not the rising cost of food . With prices soaring over the past year , the relatively new but high profile central bank Governor Raghuram Rajan was forced to raise interest rates three times since last September . The repo rate for the Reserve Bank of India stood at 8 % as Indians began their journey to the polls . Whether it is on the campaign trail in the U.S. , Europe or Asia , pocketbook issues dominate . By the numbers : The world 's biggest exercise in democracy It is widely viewed in the Indian business community that the competent , but aging Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lost his zeal for reform and that Rahul Gandhi committed too late in the game to express a desire to lead in a party which has run out of ideas to jumpstart growth . Prior to the global banking crisis India was humming along , with growth of over 9 % for a handful of years . You probably remember when comparisons were being made about the two towers of the emerging markets , China and India . A state-run apparatus stacked up against the sprawling democratic structure of India , with chief ministers of states controlling so much power . In the Congress party era , names like Tata and Infosys came to the fore . We understood the vibrancy and productivity of Bollywood . And we are well aware of the rising middle class in India . But this is an election where one should keep an eye two core voting blocks : the youth and those in the vast rural lands . 11 things to know about the world 's biggest election India is a young country . Nearly half are under the age of 26 . Despite the wealth creation in the past decade , about 850 million Indians live outside major cities and remain dependent on farming . According to a poll by Pew Research ahead of the vote , both these blocks favor the BJP party by a margin of 3 to 1 . They think Chief Minister Narenda Modi is better positioned to cut bureaucracy , tackle corruption and revive growth . They were probably were led to that position by the three numbers that have clearly undermined support for the Congress party . More from John Defterios : Why the world is watching the Fragile Five Emerging markets split into tortoises and hares : Which will win 2014 ?	John Defterios says India 's election race will boil down to the economy He says the Indian business community thinks PM Singh lost his zeal for reform Whether it is in the U.S. , Europe or Asia , pocketbook issues dominate , he writes
CNN  -- AC Milan are all but through to the quarterfinals of the Champions League after thrashing Arsenal 4-0 at the San Siro on Wednesday . Brazilian striker Robinho scored twice as the Serie A champions dominated the first leg of the last-16 tie with the north London club . Kevin Prince Boateng put Milan ahead in the 15th minute with a sumptuous half-volley after chesting down a chipped pass from Alberto Nocerino . The Ghana midfielder 's strike flew in off the underside of the bar leaving Wojciech Szczesny with no chance . Robinho doubled the lead seven minutes before the break heading home a cut-back from Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Despite the arrival of Thierry Henry in the second half  his last appearance for the Gunners before he returns to the New York Red Bulls  things quickly went from bad to worse . In the 49th minute , Ibrahimovic and Robinho combined again on the edge of Arsenal 's penalty area before a slip by Thomas Vermaelen gifted the Brazilian a free shot which he put past Szczesny with ease . Robine Van Persie forced a fine save from Christian Abbiati in the 65th minute but it was a rare chance for the Dutch striker on a miserable night for Arsene Wenger 's team . Ibrahimovic completed the rout converting from the penalty spot after he was brought down by Johan Djourou 12 minutes from the end . "  We were never in the game , we were very poor both offensively and defensively , " Wenger said , AFP reported . "  It was shocking to see how we were beaten everywhere , it was the worst performance in Europe by far . There was not one moment during the 90 when we were really in the game , " he added , AFP reported . The return leg at the Emirates Stadium will be played on March 6 . Opinion : Suarez saga harming Liverpool 's global brand In the other Champions League match played Wednesday , Russian champions Zenit St Petersburg came from behind to beat Portugal 's Benfica 3-2 in the first leg of their last-16 tie . Roman Shirokov scored twice while substitute Sergei Semak got the other . Benfica 's goals came from defender Maxi Pereira and Paraguayan striker Oscar Cardozo , both after errors by goalkeeper Yury Zhevnov . Benfica took the lead in the 20th minute courtesy of a goal from Maxi Pereira before Zenit leveled the scores seven minutes later when Shirokov struck a sweet volley to score his first of the night . Semak put Zenit in front in the 71st minute before Oscar Cardozo equalized three minutes from the end . But Zenit responded immediately as Shirokov pounced on a defensive mistake to tap home the winner with two minutes remaining . "  My players showed really good skill . They showed a lot of heart to win the match in such a grave situation . However they did exactly what we decided to do ahead of the match . We won deservedly tonight , " Zenit manager Luciano Spalletti said , AFP reported . Meanwhile in Serie A , Juventus missed out on the chance to go top after being held to a 0-0 draw at Parma . Juve 's 10th draw of the league season  and their sixth on the road  means that AC Milan still head the league table but only by one point . The Rossoneri have also played one extra game . The result lifts Parma to 12th place with 28 points . In Serie A 's other match Wednesday Guido Marilungo scored the winner for Atalanta in a 1-0 win over Genoa . The strike 12 minutes from the end lifts Atalanta to 13th with 27 points . Genoa remain in 10th with 30 points .	AC Milan demolish Arsenal 4-0 at the San Siro to almost guarantee place in last eight Zenit St Petersburg beat Benfica 3-2 in first leg of last 16 encounter Juventus drop points on the road in Serie A to stay in second behind AC Milan
CNN  Panic . Tears . Fear . All those feelings and more permeated cities , villages and camps around Nepal on Saturday , after a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday . Hours later , after a wave of relentless aftershocks , many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings . Others crowded around rubble , including men and women racing to rescue those trapped . And then there are the hundreds already confirmed dead , not to mention the hundreds more who suffered injuries . Below are some accounts from witnesses in the mountainous Asian nation , in their own words . Fast Facts : Earthquakes Anderson , an American who was in Nepal for trekking and meditation , was in his hotel room when the quake struck . "  I went outside five minutes after the major tremors stopped . I went to a parking lot nearby for one hour or so , then walked down the main road , " he said . He took a series of photos on the main road between Thamal and Durbar Squares , that he shared via CNN iReport . Kumar posted a photo of people in his neighborhood sheltering in a makeshift tent after the quake . He sent updates via Twitter about what he was seeing in the Lalitpur District of Kathmandu . "  It 's getting dark , no power and no water supply in Lalitpur area , but people are helping each other with food and other items "  Almost everyone staying outside home ... Hard time for small kids & older people "  People are very worried & are planning to stay out on the street overnight , but they lack sufficient food & water . " Joshi is a UNICEF communication officer who was on the ground at the time of the quake . "  The shake was like nothing I have experienced in my 57 years . It was strong and it shook for a long time . " Old monuments and temples fell , Joshi wrote of his experience . There were fears that other buildings would collapse . "  When I went out in the evening , I saw many people preparing to camp out in the main open parade ground in the middle of the street . Relatives were crying in the main government hospital where the dead were being lined up in front of the hospital building . "  My family is traumatised . We are 5 generations living under one roof -- from a 100 year old grandmother to my 16 month old granddaughter . Strong aftershocks are keeping most of us up ! " "  Some of the historical sites are completely devastated . "  Most of the people -- a lot of the people -- are walking through the city . They 're confused and scared . A lot of people are crying . "  They 're out with their pets and their families and a lot of locals are volunteering in rescue operations . "  In several parts of Kathmandu , a lot of people seem trapped under the rubble . Locals are trying to rescue these people because they can still hear them . " Are you in Nepal or have loved ones affected ? Please share with us if you are in a safe place . "  We are scared and waiting for the tremors to end . We are all sitting outside because there is more news of another quake . "  There is no power and families are listening to the FM radio inside their cars . News of multiple building collapses . "  I 've seen many cracked walls and roads and buildings . "  The Dharahara was packed with people a while ago . There are police everywhere trying to move rubble to make space on the roads for ambulances . Everyone is very scared . " "  I see many cracked buildings and people are panicked and all running down to the streets . "  The main landmark in Kathmandu is a spire , Dharahara , and it has fallen down , it is about 140 feet high in the center city . "  Another aftershock is hitting now , it is really strong . "  Airplanes are circling now overhead and helicopters are flying and not clear if the airport is open . We hear it is damaged . " How are earthquakes measured ? "  Many historic buildings have collapsed in the city . "  In all my years I have never seen such a big earthquake here . "  There are sometimes small shaking , sometimes bigger but this is the worst and my home has been cracked and it is a relatively strong house . " "  Around where I am , people are in open spaces . There have been several aftershocks , I think they 're all waiting , hoping they know what to do . "  You can see glass walls , portions of buildings and cracks in the building . People are confused . they 're staying out in the open . " Can wild animals help us predict earthquakes ? CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Henry Hanks and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake has struck Nepal near its capital , Kathmandu As the death toll rises , witnesses describe devastation and panic
CNN  -- Neil Patrick Harris is officially a married man . The 41-year-old actor revealed in a tweet on Monday that he and his partner of 10 years , David Burtka , exchanged vows in Italy on Saturday . "  Yup , " Harris confirmed on Twitter . "  We put the 'n' and 'd ' in ` husband ' . " The couple , who are also parents of 31/2 - year-old twins Harper Grace and Gideon Scott , have been engaged for years . When New York legalized gay marriage in 2011 , Harris said that he and Burtka , 39 , had proposed to one another at least five years prior and had "  been wearing engagement rings for ages . " According to E! , Harris and Burtka wore matching Tom Ford tuxedos at the wedding ceremony , which was officiated by their friend , "  How I Met Your Mother " director and producer Pam Fryman , and included a performance from Elton John . Harris , who came out as "  a very content gay man " in 2006 , told Details magazine in 2012 that he thought he 'd always be single -- until he came across fellow actor Burtka . Neil Patrick Harris , David Burtka share their love story "  It 's all baby steps : You have to be OK with telling your friends you 're going on a date , you have to be OK with the people in your world meeting and judging them , you have to be OK with breakups , " the "  How I Met Your Mother " star said at the time . "  I 'm infinitely grateful all those steps led to Mr. Burtka -- once we started talking , we never stopped . " Harris and Burtka were n't the only celebrity couple throwing a wedding this weekend . Another TV star , Fran Drescher , said "  I do " to Shiva Ayyadurai on Sunday . According to People magazine , Drescher and Ayyadurai , who invented an email messaging program when he was a teenager , tied the knot in an intimate ceremony on the beach at their home . The couple met just over a year ago at an event hosted by Deepak Chopra , Ayyadurai told The Huffington Post in August . This is Drescher 's second marriage . Her first , to her high school sweetheart , ended in 1999 after her then-husband came out as gay .	Neil Patrick Harris and Fran Drescher each had weddings this weekend Harris married longtime partner David Burtka in Italy on Saturday Drescher wed technologist Shiva Ayyadurai at their home on Sunday
CNN  -- Convicted killer Joran van der Sloot is planning to wed a Peruvian woman in the prison where he is serving a 28-year sentence , his attorney told HLN , CNN 's sister network , on Friday . Van der Sloot , who remains the prime suspect in the 2005 disappearance of American Natalee Holloway , and his unnamed fianc  e are working on completing the paperwork required for the wedding , said attorney Maximo Altez . The couple hopes to be able to marry within the next two weeks , Altez said . They reportedly met while she was visiting another inmate at Miguel Castro Castro prison in San Juan de Lurigancho . Joran van der Sloot challenges extradition to U.S. Van der Sloot , 25 , pleaded guilty to the murder of Stephany Flores , whose body was found in May 2010 in a Lima hotel room registered in the Dutchman 's name . He also has been indicted in the United States on charges related to the disappearance of Holloway . Holloway was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , but was never charged . He has denied responsibility for her disappearance . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of allegedly attempting to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given $ 25,000 , which authorities say he used to travel to Peru for a poker tournament .	Joran van der Sloot plans to marry in Peruvian prison He is serving time in 2010 death of woman at Lima hotel Van der Sloot is prime suspect in disappearance of American Natalee Holloway
CNN  -- Bobby Rogers , an original member of Motown staple The Miracles , has died , the group 's longtime front man Smokey Robinson announced Sunday . Rogers was 73 . "  Another soldier in my life has fallen , " Robinson said in a statement . "  Bobby Rogers was my brother and a really good friend . He and I were born on the exact same day in the same hospital in Detroit . I am really going to miss him . I loved him very much . " Temptations ' Damon Harris dies Claudette Robinson , another member of the Miracles , said that while Rogers was her cousin , he was more "  like a brother to me . " On her website , she said he died about 6:30 a.m. Sunday . "  Bobby will be missed and mourned by many , " said Robinson , who was once married to Smokey Robinson and serves as the Miracles spokeswoman . "  Rest in peace , my brother of ` song . ' " Robinson , Rogers and the rest of the Miracles were a cornerstone act for writer-producer Berry Gordy 's infant Motown Records , putting songs such as "  Shop Around , " "  Tracks of My Tears " and "  The Tears of a Clown " on the R&B and pop charts throughout the 1960s . After Robinson left the group , the Miracles had a No. 1 hit with "  Love Machine " in 1976 . When the group disbanded in the late 1970s , Rogers started an interior design business . The Miracles were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	NEW : "  Bobby will be missed and mourned by many , " his cousin and fellow group member says Rogers was one of the original Miracles , a cornerstone group of Motown Rogers was "  my brother , " singer Smokey Robinson says The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012
CNN  -- Over the past five years evictions have become a symbol of Spain 's economic crisis , but the latest homeowner to face the prospect of homelessness -- an 85-year-old woman -- has found an unlikely guardian angel . One of the poorest football teams in Spain 's top division , Madrid club Rayo Vallecano , has promised to help Carmen Martinez Ayuso find a new apartment after she was evicted by her landlord . From the Vallecas district of the Spanish capital , Ayuso had lived in the apartment for half a century but could n't pay the rent after her son had used her home as collateral on a loan he was then unable to repay . According to statistics published by the Bank of Spain , 1,218 evictions took place between January and June 2014 -- an increase of 17 % from the same period in the previous year . Back in 2012 it 's estimated that there were up to 200 evictions a day as Spain suffered the consequences of a housing bubble that burst after the housing market crashed in 2007-2008 , while unemployment also soared . Ayuso 's story grabbed the attention of the club with fans holding aloft a banner which read "  Rayo against evictions " in a recent league match . "  I know that there are lots of cases like hers , " Rayo coach Paco Jemez told reporters . "  The worst thing that can happen to a family is when they evict you from your home , " added Jemez . "  This is a lady who lived in her home for 50 years and due to her doing an honorable act -- being the guarantor of her son , which everyone in the world would undoubtedly do . " Jemez has been in touch with Ayuso , who according to Spanish media , was unaware of the $ 50,000 loan her son had taken out . He promised it was n't just him that would try and help Ayuso , but that the "  the coaching staff , the players , the club " would also become involved . Jemez added : "  Within our ability , we will help this lady and give her a hand so that she finds a place to live with dignity and so she does n't feel alone . "  I 'm very proud we can lend her a hand . I 'd like to help more people , but that 's impossible . "  What is within our power , we will do . Also , we will start an initiative so that anyone who wants to help will have the ability to lend a hand . We are very sensitive to this and what happened to her could happen to anyone . " Rayo has an annual budget of around $ 8.6 million -- a total which is incomparable to that of its big city neighbor Real Madrid which has a cool $ 720 million at its disposal . Speaking to Spanish newspaper Marca , Ayuso praised the club for the "  beautiful gesture . " She added : "  A thousand times thank you , God bless them , " she said . "  It 's a beautiful gesture that they did n't need to do and Viva el Rayo ! "  If I see -LSB- Paco Jemez -RSB- I 'll give him 40 kisses . But the only time I 've seen him was during the neighborhood fairs . "  We always supported Rayo in this family . I remember when we used to go to the swimming pools , which were right next to the stadium . But now we have different motivations to support them . "  I 'm certain my husband is showing his gratitude in heaven . "	Rayo Vallecano to help find new apartment for 85-year-old La Liga club moved to help following eviction Carmen Martinez Ayuso had lived in the apartment for 50 years Statistics show that 1,218 evictions took place between January and June 2014
CNN  -- The city lights of Philadelphia took on a whole new hue this weekend as two skyscrapers in the City of Brotherly Love became a 29-story video game . Celebrating 30 years of "  Tetris , "  the Drexel University gaming department wired up the north and south faces of the Cira Centre and allowed people to play the tile-matching puzzle game . Hundreds braved chilly temperatures to control the colorful blocks as they tumbled down the side of the buildings . The festivities were part of Philly Tech Week , a celebration of technology and innovation in and around Philadelphia . For last year 's event , a giant game of Pong set the Guinness World Record for the "  Largest Architectural Video Game Display . " Frank Lee , director of Drexel University 's Entrepreneurial Game Studio , used the Cira Centre 's own LED arrays to transform it into a fully interactive version of "  Tetris . " He hopes such exhibits encourage growth in the game industry in his area . "  I 'm especially proud to help highlight the vibrant and innovative local , independent game companies in Philadelphia at the event , " Lee said . "  My hope is that some of these great startup game design companies will stay and grow in Philadelphia . I want to see Philadelphia become a mobile gaming hub , and I think an event like this is a way to get others to share my vision . " Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter and Henk Rogers , managing director of the Tetris Co. , joined players as they used arcade-style controllers to play the game . More than 100 people were randomly selected from an online lottery to enjoy a hands-on experience . "  Have you ever seen square patterns in a wall , floor or building that look like ` Tetris ' blocks ? That 's called the Tetris effect , " explained Rogers . " ` Tetris ' on a building ? That is a dream come true for the hundreds of millions of ` Tetris ' players around the world . " "  Tetris " is one of the top selling video games of all time , with the Game Boy version appearing at No. 6 in the "  Guinness World Records 2014 Gamer 's Edition . " The game was also recently featured in the Sochi 2014 Paralympic Games closing ceremony , where "  Tetris " pieces spelled out the phrase "  I 'm Possible " on the stadium floor . Philly Tech Week continues through Saturday .	Game designers turned two Philadelphia buildings into "  Tetris " games The exhibit was part of Philly Tech Week Drexel University game designer hopes event spurs game industry there
CNN  -- The mosque on Prospect Street is not only Cambridge , Massachusetts , ' largest mosque , but it is also the city 's only mosque . As many as 1,000 people a week , including immigrants , students , families and residents from surrounding neighborhoods , stop by to pray up to five times a day as Islam requires . Known as the Cambridge mosque , it is run by the Islamic Society of Boston and is just a few short blocks from the well-traveled Red Line , which serves Boston 's many universities and colleges . "  The mosque is open to everyone , " says spokeswoman Nicole Mossalam . "  We do n't have a core membership . It 's very fluid . " Law enforcement officials say the mosque has attracted a number of known terrorists and accused extremists , among them the accused Boston Marathon bombers , "  Lady al Qaeda , " and now an American fugitive wanted for questioning for possible ties to ISIS ' social-media wing -- too many for law enforcement to ignore . "  At some stage we have to accept reality , which is a number of people who have taken up arms against Americans either here in Boston or abroad with ISIS have an affiliation with that mosque , and so the mosque will come under scrutiny to determine what is going on and whether as importantly , there are n't others affiliated with the mosque who might be planning ill will , " said Juliette Kayyem , CNN national security analyst and former Department of Homeland Security assistant secretary . At least 10 suspected or convicted terrorists have prayed at the mosque , a number confirmed by a federal law enforcement official , court documents and the mosque itself . "  None of these individuals , if and when they prayed at the ISB mosque , ever exhibited any hint of criminal or violent behavior . ... The Islamic Society of Boston unequivocally condemns ISIS and is deeply angered by the grievous harm it has done to innocent lives : American , Iraqi , Syrian and more , " Mossalam said . She said , for the most part , the individuals did not participate in the mosque community or its programs . Nor is there any evidence suggesting Cambridge mosque officials knew or were involved with the suspects , nor do they preach any form of radical Islam . Still , the list of controversial worshipers is striking for their apparent ties to ISIS , al Qaeda and other extremist groups targeting the United States and its interests . Among the most prominent Cambridge mosque attendees : Dr. Aafia Siddiqui , an MIT-educated , Pakistani neuroscientist serving 86 years in federal prison , has been dubbed "  Lady al Qaeda " and become the poster girl for Islamic Jihad . ISIS militants who beheaded American journalist James Foley sent a letter to the family saying it had offered a prisoner exchange naming "  sister Dr. Afia Sidiqqi  sic  . " CNN recently interviewed Fowzia Siddiqui in Pakistan , who said her sister 's name had been appropriated by terrorists : "  We want no violence in Aafia 's name , " she said . In 2008 , Siddiqui was arrested in Afghanistan with numerous bomb-making documents , specifically for chemical and biological weapons , for a "  mass casualty attack " against potential targets like the Statue of Liberty and Brooklyn Bridge . Her second husband is a nephew of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed . Siddiqui was not tried for terrorism but for grabbing a gun and opening fire on FBI agents during interrogation . Accused terror fugitive Ahmad Abousamra also attending services at the Cambridge mosque . He is being looked at in connection with ISIS ' propagandist social media . Raised outside Boston , he speaks fluent English and Arabic and graduated from the University of Massachusetts , Boston , with a degree in computer science . He vanished from America in 2006 after allegedly receiving terror training in Yemen and fighting against U.S. troops in Iraq . His friend and fellow Cambridge mosque worshiper , pharmaceutical student Tarek Mehanna , is serving 17 years in federal prison after being found guilty of translating material for al Qaeda in Iraq , the precursor to ISIS . He appealed his case to the Supreme Court . "  All Muslims are obligated to pray five times a day and the Cambridge mosque is open for worship for all people ; no ID 's are checked ; no one is excluded . If we ever observed any criminal or violent behavior , we would immediately intervene and notify the authorities , " Mossalam said . Boston Marathon bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev was kicked out of the Cambridge mosque , according to a mosque member who spoke to CNN at the time of the attack . During prayers , Tamerlan Tsarnaev had several outbursts denouncing Muslims ' incorporation of American holidays . The mosque confirms that Tamerlan Tsarnaev attended , as did his brother Dzhokar and Tsarnaev friend Ibragim Todashev . Todashev was allegedly involved with Tamerlan Tsarnaev in a triple murder in Waltham , Massachusetts . He was about to sign a sworn confession when he allegedly grabbed a knife and lunged at an FBI agent , who then fatally shot Todashev . The FBI investigated and called the shooting justified . In June , federal prosecutors charged another Cambridge mosque attendant with obstruction of justice in connection with the suspected marathon bombers . Part-time taxi driver Khairullozhon Matanov invited the Tsarnaev brothers to dinner the night of the marathon attack . Authorites say he deleted documents and photos from his computer after being notified he might be questioned by federal authorities in connection with the attack . "  You have data point after data point about various men , young men , coming to the mosque and becoming radicalized and then planning harmful events , then the mosque is and ought to be subject of scrutiny because there 's just too many factors involved now , " said retired DHS official Kayyem . The mosque was founded in 1981 . Other controversial Cambridge worshipers include one of the mosque founders , Abdulrahman Alamoudi , who is serving 23 years after pleading guilty in 2004 to activities with "  nations and organizations that have ties to terrorsim . " The Mosque spokeswoman said the charges were filed after Alamoudi distanced himself from the mosque . The FBI described Alamoudi 's prosecution as a "  major terrorism case . " Mossalam stressed the Islamic Society of Boston 's record of "  building bridges of faith , fellowship and understanding " with other religions and working with "  local , state and federal public officials . "	Officials : Accused Boston Marathon bombers , other extremists attended mosque At least 10 suspected or convicted terrorists have prayed at the mosque , officials say Mosque spokeswoman says it does n't preach any form of radical Islam
CNN  -- Spain 's answer to Susan Boyle took to the stage in a national talent show and produced a jaw-dropping display of athletic ability to win the competition . The show-stopper was 75-year-old British grandmother Paddy Jones who reportedly returned to dancing just five years ago after the death of her husband . Jones , who is originally from Stourbridge in the West Midlands , England , appeared on stage in front of a studio audience with a partner 40 years her junior . The unlikely partners proceeded to perform a high-energy sequence of gravity-defying lifts , spins and flips . Clips of Jones ' performance on "  Tu Si Que Vales , " the Spanish equivalent of "  Britain 's Got Talent , " are attracting hits on video-sharing site YouTube and comments including "  wonderful , " "  excellent " and "  incredible woman !! " Watch Jones ' performance on "  Tu Si Que Vales " on YouTube Jones , whose real name is Sarah , told the local Stourbridge News that she was stunned by her newfound fame . "  It 's crazy -- life has just turned upside down . We 're absolutely over the moon . I never really expected it , " she said . "  Since then we 've been recognized everywhere . I was in the doctor 's and people were coming up to me , and at the supermarket and even when I went to fill up with petrol . It 's absolutely wonderful . " The Stourbridge News reported that Jones was a professional dancer in her youth . She now lives in Gandia , near Valencia in Spain and is said to have taken up salsa dancing five years ago to keep herself entertained . On the program , Jones is seen stepping onto the stage in impressively high heels , arm-in-arm with the local dance school instructor , Nico . He explains to the clearly incredulous judges that they will be performing "  salsa acrobatica . " Seconds into the routine , he hoists Jones onto his shoulders , from where she executes a proficient backflip . The cameras cut away to show one judge 's astonished expression while the audience cheers . From there , the routine becomes even more physical and ends when Nico flips Jones upside down and over his shoulder , drawing a standing ovation from the judges and the crowd . Jones ' triumphant confounding of expectations echoes that of "  Britain 's Got Talent " winner Susan Boyle who soared to international stardom with her unexpectedly tuneful rendition of "  I Dreamed a Dream . " Last week Boyle , who is known by her fanbase as SuBo , set a new record in the U.S. for the most albums sold by any artist in a single week , with the largest ever sales debut for a female artist . Boyle 's "  I Dreamed a Dream " album hit the top of the Billboard 200 albums chart with 701,000 copies sold in its first week , according to Nielsen SoundScan . Before finding fame , the unmarried 48-year-old lived in a modest home in a small town in Scotland with her pet cat .	British grandmother stuns talent show with athletic salsa performance 75-year-old Paddy Jones performs backflips , lifts and spins to win title Victory echoes that of Susan Boyle who shot to fame after appearing on "  Britain 's Got Talent " Jones reportedly said : "  It 's crazy -- life has just turned upside down "
CNN  The Real Slim Shady can be a really nice guy when the chips are down . Gage Garmo , 17 , got to meet Eminem Sunday evening , fulfilling a wish he had . The Rochester Hills , Michigan , teen died Monday . The rapper , whose real name is Marshall Mathers , made a surprise visit to Garmo 's house Sunday , spending the time chatting about football and school . "  We 're really happy we were able to make it happen , " Mary Grace McCarter , executive director of The Rainbow Connection , told the Oakland Press , a suburban Detroit newspaper . The Rainbow Connection is a Michigan-based organization for children with life-threatening illnesses . "  It was really something special . " According to the paper , Garmo had been diagnosed with bone cancer as a freshman in high school in 2010 . His leg was amputated in a measure to stop the disease , but it recurred and spread to his lungs . Garmo was remembered at a candlelight vigil Monday night that hundreds attended .	Teen 's dying wish to meet Eminem is fulfilled Sunday night Gage Garmo , 17 , died Monday
CNN  -- Investigators are leaning in the direction that the same person or persons who crafted the Christmas Day underwear bomb were behind the PETN-based devices hidden in packages sent from Yemen , a U.S. government official told CNN . "  The thinking is it 's the same person or group of people that built the underwear bomb because of the way it 's put together , " said the official , who had been briefed by multiple U.S. authorities and law enforcement sources . "  But this one is about four times as powerful . " American authorities are now endorsing British Prime Minister David Cameron 's position that the explosives were designed to take down an airplane , the official said . One package was found in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates . The other was discovered at an airport in England . On Friday , U.S. officials said they had not taken a position on whether planes or two Chicago , Illinois , synagogues were the ultimate targets . The packages had the synagogue addresses . Meanwhile , a woman believed to be connected to a plot to send explosive packages bound for the United States has been arrested in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , according to a Yemeni government official and a reporter with the state news agency . A female relative of the woman was also being questioned by Yemeni authorities , the government official said . The relationship between the two women was not immediately known . Authorities are looking at a specific material found in the devices and used in the foiled "  underwear bomb " attempt in 2009 . A source close to the investigation said the type of material found in the devices was PETN , a highly explosive organic compound belonging to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin . Six grams of PETN are enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft . PETN was allegedly one of the components of the bomb concealed by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the Nigerian man accused of trying to set off a bomb hidden in his underwear aboard a Northwest Airlines flight as it approached Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . AbdulMutallab is alleged to have been carrying 80 grams of PETN in that botched attack . "  The quantity of PETN in these -LSB- new -RSB- devices was about five times the volume used at Christmas " by AbdulMutallab , Col. Richard Kemp , the former chairman of the British government 's Cobra Intelligence Group , told CNN affiliate ITN . The plot "  does appear to be a typical al Qaeda-type operation , " he said . A source closely involved in the investigation said the detonating substance was Lead Azide . Lead Azide is a "  very powerful initiator " which is easily prepared and is a standard substance in detonations , the source said . Believing that a Yemen affiliate of al Qaeda was involved , American and British authorities said explosive devices jammed into ink toner cartridges were powerful enough to bring down a large aircraft . British authorities said they believe East Midlands Airport in central England was simply a conduit for shipment of one device to the United States . "  We believe that the device was designed to go off on the airplane , " Cameron said . "  We can not be sure about the timing when that was meant to take place . There is no early evidence that that was meant to take place over British soil , but of course we can not rule it out . " UK Home Secretary Theresa May said authorities do not believe the perpetrators would have known the location of the device had they detonated it . As they studied the devices and toiled to understand the extent of the plot , authorities pointed their fingers at al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The group is based in Yemen , a poor Arab nation that has emerged as a major operating base for al Qaeda and other terror groups . Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano told CNN on Saturday that the plan to send the explosives has the "  hallmarks of al Qaeda , the AQAP -- they are constantly trying things to test our system . " Yemen has asked for outside help to thwart terror groups , but the country , the ancestral home of Osama bin Laden , is still used for operations , U.S. officials say . The failed "  Christmas Day Bomber " plot , for example , is believed to be the workings of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . And in January , the United States and United Kingdom temporarily closed their embassies in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , because of terror concerns . U.S. authorities were grateful for a tip from Yemen 's oil-rich neighbor , Saudi Arabia , alerting them to the suspicious packages . The Saudi government provided U.S. officials with tracking numbers of the two packages , enabling quick tracing to the United Kingdom and Dubai , a source told CNN . President Barack Obama called King Abdullah on Saturday to thank him , the White House said . On Friday , Obama confirmed the two devices contained explosive material and were bound for two "  places of Jewish worship " in Chicago , Illinois . "  We ... know that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ... continues to plan attacks against our homeland , our citizens , and our friends and allies , " Obama said during a press briefing . Obama 's presidential counterterrorism advisor , John Brennan , spoke to Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh , stressing "  the importance of close counterterrorism cooperation , including the need to work together on the ongoing investigation into the events over the past few days , " according to the White House . Saleh told reporters that Yemen could not confirm the packages contained explosives , but he acknowledged the nation 's economy and tourism industry have suffered because of al Qaeda 's presence . He vowed to fight the terror group . "  We do want anyone to interfere in Yemeni affairs and start chasing al Qaeda , " Saleh said . "  We will chase al Qaeda with our airplanes and our equipment . We will chase al Qaeda wherever they are . " Over the past several months , Yemen , which wants to be seen as a committed partner in the fight against terrorism , has asked for assistance from other countries . Saleh 's appearance before reporters a day after Friday 's developments is considered significant . Authorities , meanwhile , said the explosive devices were meticulously crafted . They were "  professionally " loaded and connected using an electric circuit to a mobile phone chip tucked in a printer , Dubai police told WAM , the official news agency for the United Arab Emirates . The devices were packed in toner cartridges and designed to be detonated by a cell phone , a source close to the investigation told CNN . The package found at East Midlands Airport contained a "  manipulated " toner cartridge and had white powder on it as well as wires and a circuit board , a law enforcement source said Friday . A similar package set to be shipped on a FedEx cargo plane was discovered in Dubai , officials there said . When the Saudis warned Britsh law enforcement that there were explosives inside the cartridge at East Midlands , the British -- using human and canines -- could not detect the material , according to a U.S. law enforcement official familiar with investigation . The British authorities contacted the Saudis to verify the tip , the official said . The Saudis told them to inspect the cartridge again , and that is when the British authorities discovered the material , the official said . In response to the threat , authorities stepped up searches Friday of cargo planes and trucks in several U.S. cities , said law enforcement sources with detailed knowledge of the investigation . Also Friday , the Transportation Security Administration stopped all packages originating from Yemen , and shipping companies UPS , FedEx and DHL all said they were complying with the order . May said Saturday that all cargo into or through the United Kingdom originating in Yemen was halted as well . The U.S. Postal Service also announced a temporary suspension of acceptance of inbound international mail originating in Yemen . Rep. Peter King , R-New York , a ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee , told CNN that authorities believe "  the current threat has been contained . They 're not expecting to find anything else . " Officials are checking on packages sent from Yemen over the past several weeks , King said . As authorities pressed forward in the investigation Saturday and strengthened security , a leader of a small LGBT-friendly synagogue in Chicago , Illinois , said her place of worship was one of the targets of the intercepted packages . "  It was unnerving , but we carried on as normal , " Lilli Kornblum , co-president of Or Chadash , said of Friday night 's services . The FBI in Chicago would not confirm whether Or Chadash was targeted , spokesman Royden Rice said . "  We notified both targets yesterday , " Rice told CNN Saturday . "  We always notify potential victims of crime . If they wish to reveal who they are , it 's up to them . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Mohammed Jamjoom , Susan Candiotti , Kathleen Johnston and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators see link between devices , underwear bomb A female relative of the woman arrested is also being questioned Governments point to al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen The explosives were "  professionally " loaded , Dubai police say
CNN  -- A five-year-old British boy who was kidnapped in Pakistan earlier this month has been found safe and is back with his relatives , the British High Commission said Tuesday . Sahil Saeed was released at a school in the Punjab province of Pakistan , said Assistant Chief Constable David Thompson of the Greater Manchester Police in England , near his parents ' residence in Oldham . From there , Sahil wandered into a field and was found by residents who looked after him until police arrived , Thompson said . Regional Pakistani police said Sahil was found near the town of Danga in Punjab province , close to where he was abducted March 3 . Sahil was in good condition , said Aslam Tareen , the head of the regional police . "  He is with members of family in Pakistan and the Pakistani police , and there is also contact from the British High Commission , " Thompson said . He added that Sahil had already spoken to his mother and father in England by telephone and that both parents were "  clearly relieved " to speak to their son . The High Commission issued a statement thanking police in Jhelum , another town in the eastern province of Punjab , for the boy 's return . "  This is fantastic news that brings to an end a traumatic ordeal faced by Sahil and his family , " said Adam Thomson , the British high commissioner to Pakistan . Police arrested some of the kidnappers , said Rana Sanaullah , the provincial law minister . Sahil , a British citizen of Pakistani descent , was on the last day of a two-week vacation in Pakistan before he was to return home to Oldham , in northern England . Gunmen barged into Sahil 's grandmother 's home in Jhelum and took him . They reportedly demanded a ransom of 10 million rupees  $ 118,000  . Pakistan 's Interior Minister Rehman Malik had said the captors included someone close to the family . "  There is someone who is very close to the family because the way the situation happened , the way the entry was made , " Malik told reporters . But Tareen said Tuesday there is no evidence that any family member was involved . There was also no indication a ransom was paid , Tareen said . Sanaullah , the law minister , said the kidnappers were part of a ring that operated in and out of Pakistan . He did not elaborate . Thompson , of the Greater Manchester Police , could not comment on the possibility of arrests in England . "  At this stage there are no inquiries that we 're carrying out in the UK that would lead me to contemplate that we 'd make an arrest in the near future , " he said .	NEW : Sahil Saeed was released at a school in the Punjab province of Pakistan Sahil was in good condition , said Aslam Tareen , the head of the regional police Gunmen took him at gunpoint from his grandmother 's home in Punjabon on March 3 They reportedly demanded a ransom of 10 million rupees  $ 118,000
"  The heat gets pretty unbearable in Beppu during the summer , with all the hot springs , " says Sachiko Okuda , a veteran tour guide and native of Japan 's "  hot spring capital . " Looking out the bus window on the way into town , it 's easy to believe her . Steam spews from every other building . Beppu , in central Oita prefecture , is home to more than 2,500 onsen -- hot springs . It 's the world 's second largest source of thermal spring water after Yellowstone National Park in the United States . "  During Golden Week , we get around 60,000 visitors staying at our onsen resorts , " Okuda explains . But we 're not hot-tubbing today . We 're on our way to Beppu 's so-called Eight Hells  jigoku  hot springs , where the water gushes out at temperatures as hot as 150 C . Some also spout vermillion colored steam -- each "  hell " is different in its own intense way . Umi-Jigoku  Sea Hell About 1,200 years ago , a volcano erupted and the cobalt-blue Umi-Jigoku sprang forth -- iron sulfate being the source of its lovely color . Do n't be lulled by its beauty , though -- the hot spring is 200 meters deep and , at 98 C , almost boiling . The steam heats a nearby greenhouse where Victoria amazonica water lilies bloom between May and November . Right by the entrance , stores sell pudding cooked in the hot spring 's steam . Oniishibozu-Jigoku  Oniishi Shaven Head Hell Even hotter than Umi-Jigoku , at an average 99 C , Oniishibozu-Jigoku gets its name from the gray mud bubbles it spouts that are said to resemble a monk 's shaven head . The town Onishi  one "  i "  , in Gunma prefecture , signals its hellish association by using the kanji character for "  demon " in its name . Every February , the people of Onishi clear their homes of evil spirits by throwing soybeans at invisible demons during the Onishi Setsubun festival . Yama-Jigoku  Mountain Hell Resembling mountains of mud according to legend , the pools of Yama-Jigoku are in reality more like steaming puddles . Harmless though they might appear , they reache a scorching 90 C . A mini zoo nearby features animals acclimated to the heat -- flamingos , monkeys , snakes and a hippopotamus who waits to be fed carrots . Kamado-Jigoku  Cooking Pot Hell A red demon statue atop a cooking pot guards the entrance to Kamado-Jigoku . Some of the six differently colored ponds here reach boiling point . There are -- less hot -- hand and foot baths , drinking water at 80 C and jigoku-mushi : Vegetables and hard-boiled eggs cooked in the boiling water and steam . Oniyama-Jigoku  Demon Mountain Hell Also known as "  Crocodile Hell , " Oniyama is home to around 80 of the creatures , as well as alligators slithering around in murky water pouring in from a salt spring . The steam pressure here is strong enough to pull one and a half train carriages , as well as creating ideal crocodile-breeding conditions , an onsite sign discloses . Shiraike-Jigoku  White Pond Hell With rocks in the middle of a milky green pond and its surrounding bushes , Shiraike resembles a Japanese zen garden . A hot spring spouts creamy white steam at 95 C . The water 's milky color comes from a mixture of boric acid , salt , sodium silicate and calcium bicarbonate . Piranhas are among the fish kept in a run-down aquarium nearby . Tatsumaki-Jigoku  Tornado Hell Regarded as a natural treasure of Beppu , Tatsumaki is one of Japan 's few geysers . Erupting every half an hour or so for up to 10 minutes , its spout can reach 50 meters without the stone plate that is used to block it off . At a fiendish 150 C , Tatsumaki also has the hottest water of all the hells and emits hot sulfurous gases . Chinoike-Jigoku  Blood Pond Hell Not only is the water red here , but the steam too . The oldest of the hells , Chinoike 's vermillion color comes from the acidic iron and magnesium-filled clay oozing from the ground . At 78 C , this is also the coolest of the eight hells , but signage reminds visitors that you still ca n't take a dip . An ointment made from the clay that 's used to treat skin diseases is sold at a stand nearby . Getting there Beppu is a two-hour train ride from Fukuoka 's Hakata station on the limited express Sonic train . From JR Beppu station , take a 15-minute ride on Kamei bus 5 , 7 or 9 to reach Kannawa bus terminal , where the first six hells are located . From Kannawa , a five-minute ride on Kamei bus 16 or 16A takes you to Chinoike-Jigoku and Tatsumaki-Jigoku in Shibaseki hells . The same buses also return you to Beppu station , a 40-minute journey . Alternatively , Kamenoi bus company provides 2.5-hour tours  in Japanese  of all eight hells for  3,600  $ 35  . Tours depart three times a day and can be booked the same day at the Beppu Foreign Tourist Information Office inside JR Beppu station .	Beppu is home to more than 2,500 onsen , or hot springs Water in the "  Eight Hells " springs can reach 150 C "  Demon Mountain Hell " is home to crocodiles and alligators
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court 's decision Monday on same-sex marriage brought the issue back into the political mix less than a month before the midterm elections . Deciding not to weigh in on the debate , the high court refused to hear cases in five states that are trying to maintain their same-sex marriage bans . That move effectively cleared the way for same-sex couples to legally wed in Oklahoma , Utah , Virginia , Wisconsin and Indiana . Only one of those five states , Virginia , has a contested U.S. Senate race this year . But the decision Monday also means that six other states who are covered by the same circuit appeals courts could also soon see their bans struck down . Of those states , three -- Colorado , Kansas and North Carolina -- are home to big Senate races . All told , 30 states could soon start permitting same-sex marriage . That 's up from 19 before the Supreme Court decision . Polls show acceptance It 's instinctual to think that such a vast change on a hot-button issue could throw a wrench in an election year , especially with less than a month before Election Day . But recent polls and the gradual state-by-state legalization of same-sex marriage indicates that it 's no longer the wedge issue it once was . Sure , vulnerable Southern Democrats -- like Sen. Mary Landrieu in Louisiana and Kay Hagan in North Carolina -- may be wary of letting social issues become a prominent force in the midterms , as they tend to galvanize conservative bases . But those socially conservative , pro-traditional marriage bases are getting smaller . A CBS/New York Times survey last month indicated that 56 % of Americans believe same-sex marriage should be legal , representative of a slew of polls in recent years that show growing acceptance of the issue . "  As a general rule , it wo n't have an effect on these midterms because I think the issue is fading , " said Quentin Kidd , director of the Wason Center for Public Policy at Christopher Newport University in Virginia . "  Millennials are becoming an increasingly larger portion of the electorate , and boomers are becoming an increasingly smaller part , " he continued . "  And millennials feel very different about it than boomers do . " Conservatives : issue will dominate election Some social conservative leaders , including Ralph Reed of the Faith and Freedom Coalition , vowed that same-sex marriage would dominate the midterms . "  For candidates running in 2014 and those who run for president in 2016 , there will be no avoiding this issue , " Reed said in a statement , taking issue with what many critics described as judicial activism by the courts . While Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said conservatives are right to be outraged by the courts ' action on the issue , he doubts same-sex marriage will become a big force in the elections next month . "  People ... are right to be concerned about what 's happened here , but it does n't mean it 's the issue every single morning that we 're dealing with in regards to these midterms , " he said on MSNBC . How it plays in Virginia Republican Ed Gillespie , who 's challenging Democratic Sen. Mark Warner in Virginia , said the Supreme Court 's decision has "  considerable impact " but did not express overt concern about the issue . "  I 've always felt that this is a matter for the states to determine , " he told CNN affiliate WSLS . "  I do n't believe that the federal government should set policy relative to marriage . I think the states should . And , obviously , given the court 's ruling , it is the law of the land today . " With half of Virginia voters supporting same-sex marriage , according to a Quinnipiac poll earlier this year , a Republican candidate running for a statewide seat would almost need to take a measured approach on the issue . Warner , his opponent , endorsed same-sex marriage last year along with several other Senate Democrats . On Monday , his Twitter account was fully supportive of the Supreme Court 's move , calling it a "  truly historic day . " If a Republican like Gillespie were to utilize the decision as a campaign issue , the candidate would need to micro-target a segment of voters that is highly passionate about it , Kidd said . "  If he can link his passion against same-sex marriage with the right voters , then I think that can help him gain support , " Kidd added , but he doubts it can actually push Gillespie over the edge . Colorado candidates ' views In Colorado , Republican Cory Gardner -- who 's angling to oust Democratic Sen. Mark Udall -- has yet to comment on the Supreme Court decision . The candidates were not asked about it in their debate Monday . And with Colorado voters supporting same-sex marriage , 61 % -33 % , according to a Quinnipiac poll in April , it 's no surprise that Gardner may keep quiet on the issue . Public opinion , however , makes it easier for Udall , who quickly took to Twitter Monday to blast out his support . "  Supreme Court is right to let 10th Circuit Court decision  $ " & others across nation  $ " for #MarriageEquality stand . #MarriageMomentum , " his account read . No comment in North Carolina Over in North Carolina , where Republican Thom Tillis is working to unseat Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan in the most expensive race this year , neither candidate has commented on the decision . Hagan was part of the surge of Senate Democrats who endorsed same-sex marriage last year , but North Carolina passed its same-sex marriage ban as recently as 2012 -- an effort that Tillis , speaker of the North Carolina House , helped push . According to the Charlotte Observer , Hagan reiterated her position Monday . "  I 've made my personal opinion on this clear , " she said . "  I opposed Amendment One , because I do n't think we should tell people who they can love or who they can marry . " Same in Kansas The issue could also come up in Kansas , another one of the six extra states affected . Republican Sen. Pat Roberts , who supports a constitutional amendment to define marriage between a man and a woman , is fighting for his political survival against an independent candidate , Greg Orman . And in a state with large patches of conservative voters , neither of those candidates are commenting either . CNN 's Bill Mears and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : RNC chairman says same-sex marriage wo n't be a top 2014 issue Same-sex marriage was legalized in five states Monday That 's because of a Supreme Court decision to avoid the debate
Washington  CNN  -- United Airlines plans to resume flying the 787 Dreamliner in May , the carrier told CNN in anticipation of regulatory approval of Boeing 's remedy for battery problems that forced the jetliner 's worldwide grounding . While United is the only U.S. carrier that flies the wide body , a signal from the world 's biggest carrier indicates that others are also likely making plans to resume service in coming weeks . For the first time in months , it also indicates a clear time line for Boeing to return the aggressively promoted but troubled jetliner to the skies after it was grounded by regulatory authorities globally in January . United said it plans to start flying 787 again on May 31 . Final battery test on Dreamliner ` straightforward ' "  We are in the process of formulating our domestic flying plans and will be making additional schedule changes as we gain visibility to the time line for certification and modification work , " Christen David , an airline spokeswoman said . United said it will fly the plane on both domestic and international routes . Boeing modified the 787 's lithium-ion battery system after fires in Boston and in Japan prompted aviation authorities globally to ground it . It completed new test flights last week . The Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  will review the test data and must sign off on the redesign . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood has said the Dreamliner will not be allowed back in service until Boeing proves the new design is safe . Boeing has placed a huge bet on the lightweight , mostly carbon-composite jetliner . Only 50 Dreamliners were flying worldwide at the time of its grounding , but the world 's largest aircraft manufacturer has orders for several hundred in the pipeline .	United Airlines is only U.S. carrier that flies the 787 ; 50 in service worldwide The 787 was grounded in January after two battery fires in Boston and Japan The Federal Aviation Administration must still sign off on Boeing 's battery redesign
CNN  -- At the foundation of many business empires is a well-stocked library . From Warren Buffet to Donald Trump and Bill Gates , the world 's best business brains have been inspired and transformed by books that not only address the business of making money , but of managing time , ethics and morality in business . Strategizing supply chains , intelligent design , smart investment decisions and the power of positive thinking are just some of the critical business skills that top businesspeople have gained from reading books - in some cases lent to them by other business leaders . Business genius , it seems , does n't come fully formed but is learned , not just from one 's own experience , but the experience of others . As 18th century physicist Isaac Newton once said : "  If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants " .	Businessmen and women talk about a book that changed their thinking -- and sometimes their lives Warren Buffet , Donald Trump , Bill Gates and others talk about how their business ideas were shaped Some cite recent developments in business thinking while others return to the standard works of business literature
CNN  -- The federal government is starting to deploy full-body scanning machines to 11 airports across the United States , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced Friday . Forty body-imaging machines already have been put into use at 19 airports nationwide as part of a field test , according the Department of Homeland Security . The Transportation Security Administration expects to deploy 450 units by the end of this year . "  By accelerating the deployment of this technology , we are enhancing our capability to detect and disrupt threats of terrorism across the nation , " Napolitano said in a statement . The first of the new units are being installed Friday at Boston 's Logan International Airport , according to a DHS statement . The list of other airports set to receive the scanners by the end of summer includes Chicago O'Hare International , Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International , Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International , Mineta San Jos International , Los Angeles International , Port Columbus International , Oakland International , San Diego International , Kansas City International and Charlotte Douglas International . The imaging machines are being funded through the Obama administration 's $ 862 billion economic stimulus plan . Under existing protocols , full-body scans are optional at airport checkpoints . Travelers who decline the scans are funneled to a location where they may be given a pat down and subjected to other tests such as swabs that can detect minute traces of explosives on hands or luggage . The TSA said most passengers prefer a body scan to a pat down . But others have objected to the body scans , calling them electronic strip searches . Passenger privacy is maintained during the scannning process by blurring all images , deleting images after they are viewed and placing the screener viewing the images in a remote location , according to DHS officials . Acting TSA Administrator Gale Rossides testified before Congress on Thursday that the machines will not significantly slow the passenger screening process , saying it will be done at the same time as carry-on baggage screening . The TSA has spent years testing full-body imagers . Plans to deploy them this year were given added urgency after the arrest of a Nigerian man , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who has been accused of attempting to detonate an explosive sewn into his underwear on a December 25 flight . Field testing of full-body scanners already is under way at the following 19 airports :  Albuquerque International Sunport Airport  Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport  Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport  Denver International Airport  Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport  Detroit Metro Airport  Indianapolis International Airport  Jacksonville International Airport  McCarran International Airport  Los Angeles International Airport  Miami International Airport  Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport  Raleigh-Durham International Airport  Richmond International Airport  Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport  San Francisco International Airport  Salt Lake City International Airport  Tampa International Airport  Tulsa International Airport CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Boston 's Logan International Airport expected to get scanners on Friday Chicago and Los Angeles airports also among facilities receiving scanners Government plans to deploy 450 units by the end of 2010
CNN  -- A legally insane killer who escaped in Washington state during a field trip to a fair was recaptured Sunday , the Spokane County Sheriff 's Department said . Authorities combed Washington state for Phillip Paul , a killer who escaped Thursday during a field trip . Phillip Paul , who was on the run for three days , had been planning the break for "  at least the last several months , " Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich said at a news conference . Paul was recaptured at about 4 p.m. PT in Goldendale , Washington , sheriff 's Sgt. Dave Reagan said . Goldendale is about 250 miles from the site of Paul 's escape from a county fair in Spokane County , Washington . Police received a tip Saturday afternoon that Paul was dropped off by a person he managed to dupe into giving him a ride to Goldendale , Knezovich said . Police spotted him hiding in a wooded area about 100 yards from the drop-off point Sunday and eventually arrested him while he was trying to hitch another ride , Knezovich said . Sheriff 's officials told CNN affiliate KREM-TV that Paul also escaped briefly in 1991 and assaulted a law enforcement officer . That same officer was involved in arresting Paul on Sunday , Reagan said . Paul , 47 , escaped at around noon Thursday . Though Paul had been confined in a mental institution because of a murder confession , he was allowed to go on the trip to the county fair . Paul had packed all his personal belongings in a large backpack before leaving on the trip , which the sheriff said should have been a sign that Paul was "  about ready to do something this drastic . " Paul was committed to Eastern State Hospital after admitting he strangled and slit the throat of community activist Ruth Motley in 1987 , KREM-TV reported . According to court documents obtained by KREM , Paul believed Motley was a witch and killed her in response to voices in his head . He subsequently burned a deer carcass as a sacrifice , according to the documents . Paul 's escape Thursday prompted a massive manhunt and brought criticism from many , including state government officials and police . "  There was an extreme amount of anger throughout the law enforcement community that this event even took place , " Knezovich said . "  This is a situation , in my opinion , that should have never happened . " Knezovich also complained that hospital officials had not reported Paul 's escape for two hours , which he said also hindered the investigation . A review of the policy that allows patients to take trips has been launched , said Susan Dreyfus , secretary of the Washington 's Department of Social and Health Services . Dreyfus said she was concerned about Paul 's escape and another recent brief escape by a patient at a different local mental facility .	Phillip Paul recaptured Sunday in Goldendale , Washington , authorities say Paul duped someone into driving him 250 miles from escape site Paul planned escape for at least several months , police say Legally insane killer escaped Thursday during hospital field trip to fair
CNN  -- In a sea of uncertainty , two bits of good news emerged Wednesday . The Australian ship Ocean Shield picked up fresh signals that officials hope are locator beacons from the data recorders of the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . The ship had first picked up the underwater pulses Saturday . But then , for the next three days , nothing . On Tuesday , the ship once again reacquired the signals . That 's four signals in the same broad area : two on Saturday ; two on Tuesday . "  I believe we are searching in the right area but we need to visually identify wreckage before we can confirm with certainty that this is the final resting place of MH370 , " Houston said . The second piece of good news ? Authorities analyzed the signals picked up Saturday and determined they were not of natural origin and was likely sourced from specific electronic equipment . "  They believe the signals to be consistent with the specification and description of a flight data recorder , " Houston said . Signals getting weaker Wednesday is Day 33 in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which went missing March 8 . It was carrying 239 people . Authorities have n't given up trying . Instead , they are pinning their hopes on the so-pings . But time is not on their side . The batteries powering the flight recorders ' locator beacons are certified to be working for 30 days . Stored in a plane 's tail , they are designed to begin sending off distinct , high-pitched signals as soon as they come in contact with water . "  The signals are getting weaker . Which means we 're either moving away from the search area or the pinger batteries are dying , " Houston said . The first signal , at 4:45 p.m. Perth Time on Saturday , lasted 2 hours 20 minutes . The second , at 9:27 p.m. Saturday , lasted 13 minutes . The third signal was picked up Tuesday at 4:27 p.m. . That lasted 5 minutes 32 seconds . The fourth , at 10:17 p.m. Tuesday , was 7 minutes long . "  It 's certainly encouraging that more signals have been detected , " Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby told CNN . "  There is still much work to do , however . " Four reasons to believe ; six reasons to doubt Discovery of possible ` locator beacon ' pulses gives hope Wednesday 's search includes up to 11 military planes , four civilian aircraft as well as 14 ships -- three of which , Australia 's Ocean Shield further north and the British HMS Echo and Chinese Haixun 01 to the south -- will be focusing underwater . All told , everyone involved will be scouring a 29,000-square-mile zone centered about 1,400 miles northwest of Perth , according to Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre . That 's large and challenging , but still pales in comparison to the once nearly 3 million miles , at sea and on land , the searchers were scouring for signs of the lost aircraft a few weeks ago . Kevin McEvoy , a New Zealand air force commodore involved in the effort , noted that authorities once "  did n't even know which haystack " to look in for the aircraft . "  I think we have got a much clearer picture around the areas that we need to concentrate on , " McEvoy told CNN 's Erin Burnett from Auckland . Authorities greatly shrank that area after analyzing satellite data to determine Flight 370 had set off from Kuala Lumpur toward Beijing , turned around to go back over the Malay Peninsula , then ended up in the southern Indian Ocean . Why ? No one really knows . The best chance to answer that question may rest wherever the plane -- and its so-called black boxes , with their trove of information about the plane and its movements -- now resides . Search planes dispatched day after day looking for evidence of the missing airliner -- a floating wing , a seat cushion , anything -- thus far have come up empty . The latest , greatest hopes have come from crews listening underwater for signs of Flight 370 . The first such possible breakthrough came last Friday and Saturday , when a Chinese ship detected pulses that may have been from the plane . No more have been heard since . According to McEvoy , "  the main focus " centers around the site of Saturday 's discovery from Australia 's Ocean Shield . It used more advanced detection gear than that aboard the Chinese vessel and was found some 375 miles away , leading Houston to believe they are separate signals . The first signal , detected by a towed pinger locator , persisted for more than two hours ; a second went on for about 13 minutes . Tuesday afternoon , it lasted about 5 minutes and 32 seconds . Tuesday night , about seven minutes . Beyond the dwindling battery life , there 's all the ocean to contend with : The Ocean Shield signals were in water about 2.6 miles deep , meaning a number of things could literally get in the way of or otherwise disrupt the pulses . Searchers ' intent not to roil the waters any further is why air and seaborne traffic in that find area is being limited , and why there is no rush to put in underwater drones to take photos . "  The better the Ocean Shield can define the area the easier it will be for the Autonomous Underwater Vehicle to subsequently search for aircraft wreckage , " Houston said . Bear in mind with the Air France disaster , it took the underwater vehicle 20 days to get to the wreckage . " What happens after the Malaysian plane 's pingers die ? And it 's not as if , if more pulses are detected , they 'll lead down in a straight line to the flight recorders . As is , the pings that were heard could have emanated from anywhere within a 5-mile radius , said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . Finding more signals could narrow the search area . Without them , authorities could then start the painstaking process of using side-scanning sonar to try to find the aircraft on the ocean 's bottom . Meanwhile , the air search continues . As McEvoy explained , this area is "  slightly different " than that being probed for pings because it is focused on surface debris , which would have shifted over the past few weeks -- thanks in part to a cyclone packing winds in excess of 160 mph that pushed through two weeks ago . So far , none of the aircraft that have been sent out has found anything . And even if it is narrowed , Wednesday 's air search area is still roughly the size of South Carolina . As Wing Cmdr. Andy Scott of New Zealand stated : "  It 's a large task that 's still ahead of us . " Next steps in underwater search Pings without wreckage ` befuddling ' The absence of wreckage near these detected signals leaves some skeptical , worried that the Chinese and Australian ship 's finds could be yet another false lead in an investigation that 's been full of them . Acknowledging "  a very high-speed vertical impact " could explain the lack of aircraft remnants , CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said there 's reason to be cautious . "  It 's either the most extraordinary event , or those pings were n't real , " O'Brien said . "  It 's somewhat befuddling . " Sarah Bajc , the partner of American passenger Philip Wood , is n't convinced about anything . She told CNN 's Erin Burnett she thinks the plane was hijacked . Whether that proves true , one thing she wo n't believe are the Malaysian officials heading the investigation . "  All of us pretty well agree that until there 's the bulk of the plane , the bulk of the bodies discovered , and a black box intact , we wo n't believe that it 's final evidence , " Bajc said early Wednesday from Beijing . " ... I do n't think the authorities have given us much confidence of their investigative skills so far . " The lack of clarity makes it hard to "  grieve properly and ... move on , " -- something that she 's not yet willing to do . "  I want to fight to find him , in whatever form that ends up being , " said Bajc , who is coordinating with other passengers ' kin to press for answers . "  And I think most of the families feel the same way . " Until they get answers , women and men like Steve Wang -- whose mother was on the Malaysia Airlines plane -- are clinging to hope while trying to hold themselves together . "  We 're just going through so many kinds of emotion , " said Wang . " ... Desperate , sad and helpless -- something like that . Everything . " Timeline : Leads in the hunt for Flight 370 weave drama Lucrative China-Malaysia relations not derailed by search for MH370 Wife of passenger : ' I needed to know they were looking for Pauly ' CNN 's Richard Quest , Catherine Shoichet , Jethro Mullen , Matthew Chance , David Molko , Will Ripley , Judy Kwon , Ed Payne and Mitra Mobasherat and journalist Ivy Sam also contributed to this report .	U.S. official : "  We need to maintain respectful optimism and be responsible " Expert says refined search area manageable for underwater vessels Possible discovery of plane 's pingers energizes search , but for how much longer ? Agency : Up to 15 planes , 14 ships could take part in Wednesday 's search
CNN  -- Libya went out of the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations despite a 2-1 win over Senegal in their final Group A match at Estadio de Bata Sunday . Ihab El Busaifi scored twice for the surprise qualifiers to give them their first victory in the tournament , but they finished three points behind group winners Zambia and two adrift of runners-up Equatorial Guinea . Senegal , who had gone into the finals as one of the favorites , finished rock bottom of the group with three losses . Zambia defeated co-hosts Equatorial Guinea 1-0 Sunday to win the group on seven points . They will now face the runners-up from Group B in Bata , while Equatorial Guinea will take on the winners of Group B , most likely the Ivory Coast , in Malabo for a place in the last semifinals . Blog : Expect more shocks at the Africa Cup of Nations Senegal made six changes to the team who lost 2-1 to Equatorial Guinea in their second group match , dropping goalkeeper Khadim Ndiaye and misfiring strikers Souleymane Camara and Demba Ba , who came to the tournament with big reputations . Libya took the lead after just five minutes through Abousaifi after he was set up by Ahmed Osman . Senegal hit back six minutes later when Deme Ndiaye headed home . They had chances to record their first win , but it was Abousaifi who grabbed the winner for Libya six minutes from time with a superb volley . Zambia owed their victory over Equatorial Guinea at the Nuevo Estadio de Malabo to a goal from captain Christopher Katongo after 67 minutes .	Libya beat Senegal 2-1 in final Group A qualifier Libya go out of Africa Cup of Nations despite victory Zambia beat co-hosts Equatorial Guinea 1-0 Zambia top group after second victory in group
CNN  -- I do n't think anyone is ready for grief . But when it hits you , it knocks you out cold . I was told that tears and the sorrow would come in waves . For me , it 's been more like a riptide or a tornado , constantly circling around me , whipping me in the face . Sometimes it stabs ; sometimes it punches ; sometimes it drowns me . My grieving process began in March , when I got a phone call from my mom while at work . She told me that my dad had suddenly stopped breathing and that I needed to get home to Louisiana as soon as possible . The seven-hour car ride felt like an eternity . As the optimist I am , I kept telling myself that my dad would pull out of it . But when I got to the hospital and saw the looks on my relatives ' faces , I knew the situation was much worse than I thought . My father had a major brain hemorrhage , the kind that you do n't recover from . I sat by his side for roughly 48 hours , with my siblings and my mom , holding his hand until he took his last breath . The loss did n't hit me until a few days after the funeral , when all the out-of-town relatives were gone and friends and neighbors made fewer "  check-ins . " My parents ' home did n't feel like home anymore , just an empty space . Friends were just people who did n't understand what I was going through . First Person : My life as a little person I had always been an incredibly social person and loved being surrounded by people . I always found a reason to smile ; I always cracked jokes . But after my father 's death , the world became a dark and scary place . I wanted to crawl into a dark corner and avoid everyone . This grief felt insurmountable and incredibly alienating . I went from planning a family vacation to planning a eulogy in a matter of days . It 's the kind of whiplash that is emotionally and mentally paralyzing . I attempted to manage my own grief while trying to be strong for my mom and my family . And to top it all off , I had to deal with some of the more practical matters . My mother and I had to close down his real estate appraisal business , and I had to explain to client after client that my dad had passed away , previously healthy , at the age of 64 . Do you have a first-person essay ? Share it with CNN iReport The resounding response was always : "  What ? But we just talked to him a few days ago , and he sounded fine ! " I would quickly hang up the phone before they could witness my imminent breakdown . Then there was the task of planning his memorial service . My mom , my siblings and I were all in a daze as we ironed out the details . When I gave the tribute at his memorial service , I described him as the kind of guy who was "  a mountain among pebbles . " I needed everyone to know just how amazing he was . It 's part of the reason why I am sharing this with you . My dad , Michael P. Dunne , was a real estate appraiser with a penchant for perfectionism . He was a senior Olympic volleyball player , a former coach and an avid member of an Irish marching club in New Orleans . Friends would tell you he was the life of any party . His six siblings -- older and younger -- always called him for advice on everything from real estate to relationships . He and my mom were inseparable . For me , he embodied everything good in the world . I remember when my first love dumped me in high school , he spent hours sitting with me in the middle of the night as I cried , constantly reminding me of the amazing woman I was . He baked a cake for his grandson -- my nephew Nikolas -- every year for his birthday . He was n't even very good at baking , but he 'd spend hours meticulously frosting his creation . First Person : A fat girl gets naked Now , more than six months later , those fond memories come often . I remember sitting on the porch in the days after he died , steeped in sorrow and angry at the world . Out of nowhere , I heard my neighbors play one of my dad 's favorite songs , "  Unchained Melody " by the Righteous Brothers . I went from crying to laughing as I recalled a fond memory . One day , he and I were in the car and it came on the radio . We both belted the ballad out at the top of our lungs . Moments like that serve as reminders for me to live my life fully and with joy . My father lived a life full of love . And the best thing I can do to honor him is to try to do the same . Those little moments make me look at the world differently . Life is suddenly more precious , more beautiful . So many things remind me of my dad . I see the love he had for me and my family in everything . Every time I eat an apple , I 'm reminded of the time we went apple-picking in North Georgia . It was late in the season , and he was the only one of us tall enough to actually grab the fruit . When the New Orleans Saints play a game , I think about how he 'd yell at the TV , a trait he definitely passed down to me . I try to remind myself of how fortunate I am , to have had 27 years with this incredible man . I still have the support of my mom , and that 's what keeps me going most days . She lost her husband of more than 30 years , her best friend , and yet somehow she finds the strength to be there for me daily . She and my father taught me everything I know about love and family , and she and I often lean on each other for support . But I 'd be lying if I said it was n't a struggle every single day . The biggest relief from the pain has been surrounding myself with photos and mementos of joyful moments . I constantly try to remind myself of a phrase I uttered in the hospital as I saw our whole family surround him to say their last goodbyes : "  so much love . " My father had so much love for others , and everyone I know loved him back . Some days , I still feel the blow , fresh as new . I still have my riptide moments , and some days there are tornadoes . But mostly , there 's just love . And that has to be good enough for now .	In March , CNN 's Jessica Dunne lost her father very suddenly The loss hit her in waves and threw her life off-course She wants people to know who Michael P. Dunne was , to her and to the world
CNN  -- The premise of social discovery seems simple : Uncover the people and events around you , in real time , based on user interests and/or locations . But many worry today 's social apps define privacy in very different and sometimes concerning terms . In 2012 , Instagram revamped its privacy policy to much protest , and Path settled a case with the FTC over its personal information collection practices . As more of these social discovery applications emerge , two concepts remain key : user discretion and transparency . SEE ALSO : 10 Free iPhone Apps You 'll Use Every Day On the other hand , some users subsets are growing into the new social media landscape , when it comes to privacy . According to "  Teens , Social Media and Privacy , " a report issued last month by Pew Internet , teens are sharing more information about themselves on social media sites than they have in the past , but they 're also taking a variety steps to manage the privacy of that information . The report indicates that 91 % have posted a photo of themselves  compared to 79 % in 2006  ; 20 % share their cellphone numbers  compared to 2 % in 2006  , and 16 % automatically include location in their posts  very rarely an option at all in 2006  . Only 9 % say they are very concerned about third parties accessing their data . For one , social media user Jordan Kaneshiro of Honolulu , Hawaii is wary of all things location-based . "  It 's one thing to throw a quick status on Facebook or update at the end of the day , but constant updates on where you are or where someone else is does n't really add value to my life , " he says . "  The only good use case is if I 'm out and about and have nothing better to do . -LSB- I -RSB- find out someone I know is close , so we can hang out . " We gleaned some insight from developers behind three very different location-based discovery apps -- Imo.im , Highlight and Banjo -- along with their users , to find out whether the value of sharing outweighs the apps ' "  TMI " factors . We asked how they aim to make privacy settings more transparent than in years past . Imo.im -- a communication tool to call , message and create chat groups with existing friends -- recently launched a new broadcasts channel , where users connect with like-minded people and groups . The app targets specific users based on their locations , interests and in-app interactions . Imo.im CEO Ralph Harik says user transparency was key in developing a trustworthy and safe resource , where users would be comfortable sharing with one another . "  Often with new technology , there is a bit of hesitation from users who do n't understand how to use it , and what is and is n't okay , " he tells Mashable . "  Since we started developing the Imo network , we 've focused on creating policies that are transparent to our users , as well as building out a user support and safety team . " On Imo , users can block messages from certain people and hide their availability from people not in their contacts . They also have the option to turn broadcasts off and on . In response to users still wary about exposing too much information or sharing with people they do n't know , Harik says they can access people they may not be able to otherwise . "  Broadcasts are quite a mixed bag . Because they 're public and anyone can post them , it 's not uncommon to see some very strange people talking about very strange things , " "  Broadcasts are quite a mixed bag . Because they 're public and anyone can post them , it 's not uncommon to see some very strange people talking about very strange things , " says Imo user Dan Hlavenka of Elmhurst , Ill. "  However , the vast majority of posts I 've seen have been really cool . Usually , I 'll see people sharing interesting recipes or cool new music , or debating political issues . " To reduce unwanted conversations , Imo broadcasts utilize "  communication points , " which help users avoid unwanted attention . If a user does n't have you in his or her contact list , it will cost you points to message them . Earn points by inputting data about yourself , linking social media accounts and inviting others to join the network . "  I 'm more than happy to share plenty of details about myself , " Hlavenka says . "  But when comes to personally identifying information , I 'm a lot more wary . " Social discovery app Highlight alerts you when other users or friends are nearby . By giving you the ability to see exactly where they are via map , you also have access to their names , photos , mutual friends , social networks and interests in common . "  The premise sounds really cool : sifting through the people around you to help leverage social networks . But I find it creepy , " says Highlight user Katherine Stewart of Richmond , Va. "  I think it would be cool in a city like New York or Chicago . In Richmond , there were n't very many users , so you would see the same people every day pop up . " While Highlight founder and CEO Paul Davison sees the app as a "  bird 's eye view of the world , " he says it is going to take awhile to figure out social norms as more products use new technology for sharing . "  Any time a new piece of technology comes out , it has never been an option before , so it might be uncomfortable at first , " Davison says . "  But over time , the social benefits outweigh the cost of privacy ... Look what happened with Facebook , LinkedIn , Twitter and Foursquare . " In turn , he says , users can manage their privacy settings by limiting their profiles to who can find you , and where , even electing "  hiding spots " that let them go "  off the grid . " "  The service is entirely opt-in ; everyone has chosen to do it , " Davison says . Combining location and social updates , Banjo delivers publicly available posts from social networks -- Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Foursquare , LinkedIn and Google + -- from any location in the world , whether from your friends and common connections , or the general public . Users can find posts from specific locations by entering a keyword , something Banjo founder and CEO Damien Patton calls a "  there " instead of "  here " experience . A recent app update added channels  sports , music , news , etc.  , which allow people to observe live events around the world . Or if you missed it , go back in time and see everything that was posted for the event . An additional Banjo feature alerts users when friends from their social networks are nearby , an in-app commodity that , according to Patton , everyone should be doing . He would n't categorize Banjo in the "  social discovery " realm , though , because it 's more location-focused , something he says you ca n't really talk about without mentioning privacy . "  You have to give the user full control of how they adjust their privacy , " he says . "  We check the privacy settings you have on every social network connected , so that posts are shared with the intended audience only ... Banjo never shows your location unless you want it to . " He explains that a user 's location is determined by his vicinity or region , not his exact position , and that users have control and power over how much they want to share . "  As long as my location is never more accurate than the name of the city I 'm in , I do n't find it creepy at all , " says Hlavenka . "  I do n't particularly care that a lot of the people I talk to are relative strangers . As long as they 've got something interesting to say , I 'm happy to listen . " Are you satisfied with the privacy options on your favorite social networks ? Do social discovery apps get a pass due to their very nature ? Share your opinions on social media privacy in the comments below . This article originally appeared on Mashable .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Many worry new apps define privacy too loosely Studies show people are sharing more on social media Social app creators say people are always wary of new technology Combining location and social posts can give away life info
CNN  -- Dutch international Ryan Babel has threatened to leave English Premier League side Liverpool unless he is picked to play in more games by his manager Rafa Benitez . The 22-year-old has told British newspaper The Sun he feels his career has stalled since his move to Anfield , and if the situation does not improve soon he will seek a transfer in January 's European transfer window . Babel said that he had told Benitez about his feelings but the situation remained unresolved : "  I have tried to talk to the manager but it is n't of any use . I could n't really do anything with the feedback -LSB- he -RSB- gave me . How well is Benitez performing in the battle of the managerial mind games ? "  We have agreed to look at my situation during the winter . If there 's no improvement then , I have to be honest , I -LSB- will -RSB- want to play somewhere else . I do n't play a lot so I ca n't be happy and I ca n't cheer out loud . "  Certain emotions are blocked , they are pushed back by all the worries I carry with me . Sometimes I wonder how long I can sustain it but I will fight for my position - what else can I do ? " he added . Babel 's demands come as his side prepare for a crucial away match against Hungarian side Debrecen on Tuesday , in the European Champions League . The five-time former European champions need to win their game and hope Group E rivals Lyon are not beaten by Fiorentina to qualify for the final 16 , or else face being dumped out of the world 's most lucrative club competition Failure in Europe could increase calls for Benitez to be replaced as Liverpool 's current position of seventh in the Premier League has disappointed many fans . Benitez has injury problems to contend with too ; Babel , who scored a against Lyon in their last European encounter , Fernando Torres and Albert Riera are all sidelined . However , the under pressure boss remained positive before the game in a pre-match press conference : "  The last time we qualified it was amazing , " said Benitez . "  We did it in a good way with four goals against Porto , four goals against Marseille and eight against Besiktas . "  It will be difficult , but we have to do our job , win against Debrecen and then look at Lyon 's result . Lyon know that qualifying first is an incentive , it will be good for their confidence and they will get some money too . "  Lyon have this incentive and they are a good team . If we can play against Fiorentina with options it will be fantastic . " Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher also remained upbeat : "  We always believe at this club that we can do special things . We have done it in the past and we know we can do it again , " he told reporters . "  We have got ourselves into a bit of a hole and hopefully we can get out of it . It has been done before and we know we can do it again , " he added . Tuesday 's European Champions League fixtures : Rubin v Dynamo Arsenal v Standard Liege AZ v Olympiacos Barcelona v Inter Milan Debrecen v Liverpool Fiorentina v Lyon Rangers v Stuttgart Unirea Urziceni v Sevilla	Ryan Babel has threatened to leave English Premier League side Liverpool The Dutch international says unless he plays more games he will move in January Under-pressure manager Rafa Benitez is hoping results go his way to keep Liverpool in the Champions League Liverpool currently lie seventh in the English Premier League
CNN  -- Usain Bolt rounded off the world championships Sunday by claiming his third gold in Moscow as he anchored Jamaica to victory in the men 's 4x100m relay . The fastest man in the world charged clear of United States rival Justin Gatlin as the Jamaican quartet of Nesta Carter , Kemar Bailey-Cole , Nickel Ashmeade and Bolt won in 37.36 seconds . The U.S finished second in 37.56 seconds with Canada taking the bronze after Britain were disqualified for a faulty handover . The 26-year-old Bolt has now collected eight gold medals at world championships , equaling the record held by American trio Carl Lewis , Michael Johnson and Allyson Felix , not to mention the small matter of six Olympic titles . The relay triumph followed individual successes in the 100 and 200 meters in the Russian capital . "  I 'm proud of myself and I 'll continue to work to dominate for as long as possible , " Bolt said , having previously expressed his intention to carry on until the 2016 Rio Olympics . Victory was never seriously in doubt once he got the baton safely in hand from Ashmeade , while Gatlin and the United States third leg runner Rakieem Salaam had problems . Gatlin strayed out of his lane as he struggled to get full control of their baton and was never able to get on terms with Bolt . Earlier , Jamaica 's women underlined their dominance in the sprint events by winning the 4x100m relay gold , anchored by Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce , who like Bolt was completing a triple . Their quartet recorded a championship record of 41.29 seconds , well clear of France , who crossed the line in second place in 42.73 seconds . Defending champions , the United States , were initially back in the bronze medal position after losing time on the second handover between Alexandria Anderson and English Gardner , but promoted to silver when France were subsequently disqualified for an illegal handover . The British quartet , who were initially fourth , were promoted to the bronze which eluded their men 's team . Fraser-Pryce , like Bolt aged 26 , became the first woman to achieve three golds in the 100-200 and the relay . In other final action on the last day of the championships , France 's Teddy Tamgho became the third man to leap over 18m in the triple jump , exceeding the mark by four centimeters to take gold . Germany 's Christina Obergfoll finally took gold at global level in the women 's javelin after five previous silvers , while Kenya 's Asbel Kiprop easily won a tactical men 's 1500m final . Kiprop 's compatriot Eunice Jepkoech Sum was a surprise winner of the women 's 800m . Bolt 's final dash for golden glory brought the eight-day championship to a rousing finale , but while the hosts topped the medal table from the United States there was criticism of the poor attendances in the Luzhniki Stadium . There was further concern when their pole vault gold medalist Yelena Isinbayeva made controversial remarks in support of Russia 's new laws , which make "  the propagandizing of non-traditional sexual relations among minors " a criminal offense . She later attempted to clarify her comments , but there were renewed calls by gay rights groups for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi , the next major sports event in Russia .	Usain Bolt wins third gold of world championship Anchors Jamaica to 4x100m relay victory Eighth gold at the championships for Bolt Jamaica double up in women 's 4x100m relay
Beijing  CNN  -- Even a grainy three-month-old video clip can stir up a controversy . A closed-circuit television clip , posted and shared on Chinese social media and reported by the local press this week , has triggered sympathy and outrage here in China . The footage purportedly shows a four-year-old girl with autism being manhandled and beaten by a female assistant at a children 's rehabilitation center in the southern city of Guangzhou . The girl apparently collapsed and lost consciousness as other adults looked on passively . She was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment , Chinese media reports said . Watch : Footage of disturbing incident Qiu Yaoyao  not her real name  , an only child , has since undergone neurosurgery and is slowly recovering , a local Guangzhou newspaper reported last week . She can sit but she ca n't stand yet , the newspaper said , and her speaking ability is still impaired . The assistant in the video has been charged with assault and battery , media reports said , though CNN has not yet been able to verify this . Even though the incident happened three months ago , the newly uploaded video has sparked heated debate about the treatment of children -- particularly those with disabilities -- generating over 180,000 re-posts and 28,000 comments on one social media website alone . There is massive public outrage . Critics condemned the teacher 's behavior , one calling it a "  bestial act . " Film actress Ma Yili took to Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service , to say , "  This kind of behavior should be charged with intentional homicide . Autistic kids are extra vulnerable because they are unable to independently control their behavior . We as parents will be closely watching how  the teacher  will be punished in court . " Another Weibo user , named @Yaliju , asked , "  Does n't she have a child herself ? How on earth could kindergarten teachers be so cold-blooded ? Who would dare entrust their kids to these peoples ' hands ? " Other netizens blame the lack of trained teachers , especially for children with autism and other disabilities . "  This is heart-wrenching , " posted @alwaysyouyou . "  And why were all the other teachers just standing there watching ? I 'm deeply worried about how teachers get their qualifications nowadays . " Still others question how Chinese children are reared and educated . Zheng Yuanjie , a writer of children 's books , wrote on his microblog : "  Parents make so much effort to secure a slot for their kids in the kindergarten , but do they know what 's happening behind closed doors once they get in ? "  When I was in kindergarten , a kid accidentally dropped his bowl while eating . The teacher asked all other kids to take turns to slap him . " Like many places around the world , Chinese teachers and parents do resort to corporal punishment at times to discipline misbehaving children . But no one is defending the brutal treatment of Qiu Yaoyao . "  Surely it must be severely punished , " wrote Zhang Jie , a commentator at China Central Television  CCTV  in a microblog post . "  The kindergarten and its supervisors must be held responsible too . " "  Educators should be more thoughtful in the way they discipline students . No matter what , corporal punishment in public will harm the students ' self-esteem for sure , " said Yang Jiangding , Director of the Shanghai Children 's Research Center . Qiu Yaoyao 's maltreatment has also put the spotlight on the plight of autistic children in China . Prevalence of autism in the world 's most populous country , experts say , is largely underestimated because many Chinese doctors , parents and teachers typically do not know enough about the condition to be able to identify and diagnose it . Though awareness is growing and early intervention is improving , the social stigma remains strong . Read : What is autism ? Autism in Chinese is known as "  zibizheng , " literally "  self-isolation syndrome , " or loneliness disease . It 's a feeling shared by the parents of autistic children . "  I feel depressed and helpless I do n't know how to deal with this , " said Meng Xi in an interview with CNN . He said sometimes it seems his daughter barely knows he 's there but the loving father said he is always there . He does not dare leave her side . Meng Xi brought his daughter to a special center for autistic children on the outskirts of Beijing . There , some 30 children , from toddlers to five and six years old , get specialized one-on-one care . Teachers use music and animal therapy to help unlock what could be inside the children 's world . But these facilities are rare in China and parents and teachers complain of a lack of such facilities . The government helps subsidize the center , but parents still need to pay a lot of money for their children 's special education . Meng Xi pays the equivalent of $ 500 a month -- almost his entire monthly salary . Autism is China 's number one mental disorder , according to a research paper presented at the International Autism Research Conference in Shanghai last year . Yet a recent survey by the Shenzhen Autism Society in southern China reveals an alarming lack of professional or government support . The brutal treatment of four-year-old Qiu Yaoyao , shockingly captured in that grainy closed-circuit television clip , is a grim reminder of that .	Footage purportedly shows four-year-old girl with autism being manhandled and beaten The girl apparently collapsed and lost consciousness as other adults looked on Caused outrage among Chinese netizens after video has been posted on the Internet Much concern about the treatment of children , especially those with mental disabilities
CNN  -- There were more than 1,300 complaints of sexual harassment in the military last year , according to a Pentagon report released on Thursday . The report involving informal and formal complaints covered all of the military 's major service branches and the National Guard . Of the complaints , 59 % were considered substantiated , meaning that follow-up action confirmed a finding of sexual harassment . Sex harassment in the military is defined as a "  form of sex discrimination that involves unwelcome advances , requests for sexual favors , and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature " where the victim may perceive that rejection would hurt career advancement or impact their future pay . A majority of the incidents took place on military installations , the report said . The data covered the year-long period ending last September 30 . Most of those filing complaints were women from the enlisted ranks , and most of the allegations were directed at men operating in the same unit as the person claiming harassment , according to the report . Nearly half of the complaints against men were made against senior non-commissioned officers . "  We have room to improve , we have room to grow , " a senior defense official told reporters . "  One is one too many and until we have zero , we have n't achieved success . " The findings come two weeks after a separate report released by the Pentagon showed the number of military sexual assaults had increased sharply year over year . Defense officials attributed that increase largely to stepped-up reporting practices on the part of alleged victims . Defense officials who addressed reporters on the sex harassment figures said the military would work to strengthen education , training and accountability programs . Like sexual assault , the military believes harassment is often under-reported .	The complaints covered all the major service branches and the National Guard More than half of the complaints were substantiated as a result of follow-up action Most incidents involved women enlistees filing complaints against men The harassment report follows one showing a sharp increase in alleged sex assaults
Michael Jace , who played a Los Angeles cop in TV 's "  The Shield , " has been arrested in the fatal shooting of his wife , police said Tuesday . Police found April Jace , 40 , shot to death in her south Los Angeles home Monday night , Los Angeles Police Det. Lyman Doster said . Michael Jace , 51 , called 911 to report that his wife had been shot , Det. Dean Vinluan said , adding that he "  was on the phone with the operator . " Neighbors who heard gunshots also called 911 , he said . "  At this moment , the motive of the murder is believed to be domestic violence , " a police statement said . Investigators detained Jace at the couple 's Hyde Park-area home Monday night and booked the actor on a homicide charge early Tuesday , according to Doster . Jace was booked into a Los Angeles jail with bail set at $ 1 million . CNN has been unable to find the name of any lawyer Jace may have hired to defend him in this homicide case . He is not expected to appear in court before Thursday , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney said . Two children were in the home when their mother was shot , Vinluan said . The children , whose ages he would not reveal , were taken to a police station and then handed over to a representative of California 's Department of Children and Family Services , he said . Investigators have found no reports of domestic violence between the husband and wife at their south Los Angeles residence , LAPD Det. Iasparro said . A woman described as a close friend of his first wife said in a sworn statement that she witnessed Jace physically abusing his wife in 1997 . The declaration was in court records from Jace 's 2005 custody case concerning his son with Jennifer Bitterman . Jace "  choked and hit " his wife and "  slammed her against the wall while  their infant son  screamed in his crib next to her , " Maria De Le Vegas said in the sworn declaration obtained by CNN . Jace "  was raging and out of control , and seeing the extent of his anger was one of the most terrifying things I have ever seen , " she said . Jace appeared to be suffering severe financial strain in recent years , according to court documents obtained by CNN . The actor filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy in March 2011 , citing $ 500,000 in debts and an annual income of around $ 80,000 from residuals from his TV and film work , the documents said . Jace had defaulted on the $ 411,000 mortgage on the south Los Angeles home where his wife died , according to the documents . His bankruptcy case is still active , according to his lawyer . He married April Jace in June 2003 , a year after divorcing his first wife , with whom he shared a son who is now a teen . The FX police drama "  The Shield " was the biggest and longest-running role in Jace 's 22-year acting career . He appeared in 89 episodes as Julien Lowe , who started as a rookie officer in an inner-city Los Angeles police precinct in 2002 and rose through the ranks to become a detective before the series ended in 2008 , according to the Internet Movie Database . He acted on several episodes of "  Southland , " another TV drama about Los Angeles police , between 2009 and 2012 . Jace often played a law enforcement or military officer on television shows . He is credited with roles in "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , " "  Private Practice , " "  The Mentalist , " "  Burn Notice " and "  NYPD Blue . " He had the title role of Michael Jordan in the 1999 TV movie about the NBA star , "  Michael Jordan : An American Hero . " Jace played Officer Brown in Russell Crowe 's 2009 film "  State of Play , " and he portrayed a Black Panther member in the 1994 blockbuster movie "  Forrest Gump . " April Jace had worked for the past year as a financial aid counselor at Biola University , a private school in La Mirada , California , according to the school . "  We are obviously shocked and saddened by this terrible news , to lose a wonderful colleague , mother and friend , " Biola President Barry Corey said in a written statement . "  April 's radiant personality brought great energy to the financial aid office , " financial aid director Geoff Marsh said . "  Her love for helping students and families and her great work ethic earned the respect and love of her coworkers . Her smiling face and helpful spirit will be missed by all . " Photos : Shocking Hollywood crimes	No known domestic violence between Jace and his wife , LAPD says Jace was under financial stress , fighting to keep his home , court docs say Jace called 911 to report his wife was shot , a detective says Playing an LAPD detective in "  The Shield " is Jace 's biggest and longest-running role
CNN  -- The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is playing out before the world 's eyes . Each new update about the disease 's spread is breathless ; each new detail is related with dramatic flourish . "  Ebola Outbreak Hits Home " reads one headline ; "  Ebola outbreak is ` out of control , ' " says another . Meanwhile , on Tuesday , workers in hazmat suits carefully transported a second American patient with the disease to an Atlanta hospital for treatment . It is no wonder people are frightened of Ebola despite the fact that an outbreak has never happened in a developed country . "  What if Ebola just wipes us out ? " one Twitter user asked . Our fears are reflections of an infectious disease narrative fed to the public for years -- by health officials , by the media and through a potent story delivered in books and movies about the "  Bug or Virus That Will Kill Us All , " experts say . The drama of infection , and the horrible death wrought by Ebola , only adds to our morbid attention . "  We 're fascinated by epidemics , " said Philip Alcabes , director of the public health program at the Adelphi University Center for Health Innovation . "  What we see on this side of the ocean is poor people dying , and doctors and health aides in space suits . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug "  It looks like the movies , and we 've been prepped for a cinematic response , " he said -- for the plot to unfold much like it does in a film . "  People perceive this as a very dramatic disease , " said David Quammen , a science writer and the author of "  Spillover : Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic . " "  There is almost hysterical fear about Ebola on behalf of distant people in developed countries who think , ` This is going to come and get us . ' " Hysteria tends to take hold , experts say , the moment that health officials label an outbreak of disease an epidemic or pandemic . Priscilla Wald , author of "  Contagious : Cultures , Carriers , and the Outbreak Narrative " and an English professor at Duke University , says those pronouncements are often the beginning of an "  outbreak narrative . " "  A terrifying disease , easily transmitted , spreads from a developing country and threatens to become apocalyptic , " she says , roughly summarizing the plot of movies such as "  Outbreak " and books such as "  The Hot Zone . " "  That story has been told so many times , even when people hear one piece of that story , that one element may invoke the entire narrative , " she says . Conflating movie images with reality , and seeing those same images cycled through newscasts , may explain the roots of our fears about infectious diseases generally , but there is a deeper quality to our consternation about Ebola . "  Ebola has been the disease people around the world love to fear , " says Quammen , adding that the SARS outbreak in 2003 infected thousands more people than the current Ebola outbreak yet caused significantly less worry . "  SARS was n't as dramatic in terms of symptoms , " he said . "  It was n't as vividly gruesome as this disease sometimes is . " An Ebola infection can cause profuse internal bleeding . One online commenter interpreted it as " ... your internal organs rot into a bloody pulp and you 're living through it . " Alcabes says , "  Sometimes we 're morbidly fascinated with diseases that are disfiguring . " Alcabes , author of "  Dread : How Fear and Fantasy Have Fueled Epidemics from the Black Death to Avian Flu , " compares current attitudes about Ebola with how people decades ago feared leprosy , another disease that is not highly contagious . Our anxiety tends to overshadow facts about the disease that could temper our unease , he says . Ebola outbreaks have occurred only sporadically since strains of the virus were first identified in the mid-1970s . The outbreaks have tended to appear , affect a few hundred people and eventually fizzle out .  Considering that history , the current outbreak that 's killed more than 900 people might be cast as an unsettling anomaly . What you need to know about Ebola When an Ebola outbreak is investigated , the source of an infection usually points back to an animal . The virus infects , say , a chimp or gorilla , and a human who has close contact with that animal becomes infected . Coming into contact with , or eating , the types of animals that become infected with Ebola would be a highly unusual scenario in the United States -- as unusual as mass human-to-human infection . Still , ambivalence is not the attitude we should have when it comes to diseases such as Ebola , says Wald , the "  Contagious " author . We should have some level of deference to Ebola 's virulence ; it kills between 60 % to 90 % of the people it infects . At the same time , it must be acknowledged that becoming infected is difficult . "  Should you be scared ? Yes and no , " Wald says . "  You should n't be impervious to the situation . You should experience an appropriate level of concern without allowing it to spiral into unrealistic panic . " Quammen says , "  People  should be scared in a rational way . But to be simply scared that this is the boogeyman that 's going to come and get us is ignorant and wrong . " Ebola is horrible , he adds , "  but it has killed far fewer people than things we think of as mundane diseases like measles , influenza and malaria . " In other words , Quammen says not to buy into the cultural myth , the sort of drama that has suffused the conversation about Ebola . For some , that may be easier said than done . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? The difficulty with corralling our fears is that at the root of our despair is potentially something basic , even natural . Perhaps Ebola fears are a proxy for heavier questions we may be subconsciously pondering about our collective demise . "  We humans dread death , " Alcabes says in his book . "  It is only natural that the mass mortality brought by great plague makes us afraid . " Quammen , who has written extensively about fears of "  The Big One " -- the virus that could wipe us out -- says that Ebola is not it . In a recent New York Times editorial , he said Ebola is not " ... an incipient pandemic destined to circle the world , as some anxious observers might imagine . It 's a very grim and local misery , visited upon a small group of unfortunate West Africans , toward whom we should bow in sympathy and continue sending help . "  It 's not about our fears and dreads . It 's about them . " Ebola is here : 5 reasons not to panic Experimental drug likely saved Ebola patients Economic ` scare factor ' adds to misery	An infectious disease narrative has been fed to public for years , experts say The horrible death wrought by Ebola adds to our morbid fascination , they say Expert : "  It looks like the movies , and we 've been prepped for a cinematic response "
CNN  -- Usain Bolt ambled into the semifinals of the 100m Saturday as the capacity crowd at the London Olympic Stadium had their first glimpse of the Jamaican superstar . Bolt , who is defending his 100 and 200m titles , made a slow start but eased ahead of his heat rivals to win in 10.09 seconds . The 25-year-old world record holder has been receiving treatment for hamstring and back problems but there was no sign he was hampered by injury . "  I am feeling good , my legs are feeling good so I am happy . I am training well so I feel like I 'm back . My start was good , I am only focused on the semifinals tomorrow , " he told BBC Sport after his win . Bolt 's Jamaican rival and training partner Yohan Blake won his head in 10 seconds dead . The 2011 world champion beat Bolt in both the 100 and 200 at their national trials and is considered a real threat to his hopes of repeating his 2008 Beijing triumphs . The third Jamaican hope , Asafa Powell , won his heat ahead of young British star Adam Gemili , while American Tyson Gay came through with a comfortable 10.08 seconds clocking . Gay 's United States teammates Ryan Bailey and Justin Gatlin were the quickest qualifiers from earlier heats . Bailey clocked a blistering 9.88 seconds , while 2004 Olympic champion Gatlin sprinted to victory in 9.97 seconds , returning to the Games after serving a four-year doping ban . But another likely finalist , Kim Collins of St Kitts and Nevis , the 2003 world champion , failed to turn up for his heat . He later tweeted that he had been dropped by his country after going to see his wife at a hotel . "  This ca n't be right . Olympic number 5 and no Kim Collins . I hope there is an officials race . " The early times indicated that the track was suitable for fast times and Bolt 's world record of 9.58 seconds could come under threat in Sunday 's semifinals and final . Saturday 's qualifying races also saw ` Blade Runner ' Oscar Pistorius finish second in his 400m heat to qualify for the semifinals . The South African , who runs with carbon fiber prosthetic ` blades ' , is the first amputee to compete in the Olympics . He is also due to compete in the 4x400m relay . But American defending champion LeShawn Merritt hobbled out of his heat , clearly troubled by the injury that hit him in the build up to the Games . Grenada 's world champion Kirani James and Belgium 's Jonathan Borlee , who set a national record of 44.43 seconds , impressed in their heats . o	Usain Bolt wins 100m first round heat in his first race at 2012 Games Bolt defending 100-200 and relay crowns in London American Ryan Bailey fastest of qualifiers in blistering 9.88 seconds Double amputee Oscar Pistorius qualifies for semis in 400m
CNN  -- The women 's draw for this year 's Wimbledon Championships are out and there are some talented players that could take the title over the next fortnight . Whether you 're lucky enough to score tickets to the event or you 're watching from home , here are five athletes look out for on the court . Serena Williams The leading lady of tennis is currently on a 31 match winning streak that shows no sign of stopping . The biggest favorite to win the title , Serena Williams has already triumphed at Wimbledon five times since 2002 . Some commentators have dubbed her the best player of her generation regardless of gender , and another win at Wimbledon would tie her for major titles with men 's record-holder Roger Federer . Petra Kvitova The Czech player claimed the top trophy at the All England Club in 2011 , but has been on a downward spiral since . However , she is one of the few women who can challenge Serena Williams when it comes to sheer physical strength and stamina . Her playing style is well suited to grass , and if she regains her confidence Kvitova could go all the way . Interactive : 50 years of women in space Maria Sharapova Maria Sharapova lost to Serena Williams in the final of the 2012 Olympic Games , but the Russian player 's focus on the court makes her one of the toughest opponents in the game . The third best player in the world is fearlessly aggressive , with good defense skills and stellar speed . With her precision shots from sharp angles , Sharapova is able to overpower her opponents and keep them running across the court . Laura Robson Laura Robson first exploded on the tennis scene when she won the junior Wimbledon title aged 14 in 2008 . The British player is currently the only teenager in the top 50 , but she displays confidence and maturity on the court that go beyond her years . Robson partnered Andy Murray to win the silver medal in the Mixed Doubles at the London Olympics , and she has also recently stared working with Murray 's former coach Miles Maclagan . Her dominant serve gives her an edge , and makes her game electrifying . Sloane Stephens The rising star of tennis , Sloane Stephens only started playing seriously when she was nine years old , a relatively late age for professional players . However , her powerful baseline forehand has earned her legions of fans , and the 20 - year old stunned Serena Williams by beating her at the Australian Open last year . The American plays an all rounded game suited to any surface , and one of her strongest assets is her exceptional athleticism .	Serena Williams is a hot favorite to win this year 's Wimbledon She will face tough competition from Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova Young stars Sloane Stephens and Laura Robson are also expected to create a buzz
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Two Iranians who were caught up in the waves of arrests that followed the disputed presidential elections in June have accused their captors of raping them . By telling his story , Ibrahim Sharifi says , he "  committed social suicide so this incident would n't happen to others . " An Iranian man and a woman made the allegations in separate interviews with CNN . Both said they fled to Turkey from Iran after claiming to have been threatened by Iranian security services . While CNN does not normally use the names of alleged rape victims , their names are included here with their permission . CNN could not independently confirm their accounts . But the testimony of one of the alleged rape victims , Ibrahim Sharifi , was revealed last month by a prominent Iranian opposition leader who claimed to have gathered at least four accounts of sexual assault this summer in Iranian prisons . Sharifi 's allegations were also included in a report published last week by two Western human rights organizations investigating reports of abuse in Iranian prisons . "  What we 're encountering are numerous accounts of brutality , poor treatment , even torture , serious beatings , and a couple of cases , as you know , of alleged sexual assault -- rape , " said Joe Stork , Middle East deputy director for Human Rights Watch . The Iranian government has launched two investigations into the allegations . Iran 's judiciary concluded there was no evidence of rape . A parliamentary fact-finding committee is still working on the issue . Repeated calls by CNN to get reaction from Iranian officials to the claims of the alleged victims did not result in a response . "  Take him and get him pregnant " Twenty-four-year-old Ibrahim Sharifi is a university student from Tehran who campaigned actively on the Internet for opposition presidential candidate Mehdi Karrubi in the run-up to the controversial June 12 vote . When incumbent president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared winner , Sharifi joined the throngs of angry protesters in the streets who accused the government of rigging the election . On June 22 , Sharifi said , he was kidnapped , handcuffed , blindfolded and stuffed into a car by three unknown men while he was walking home from language lessons at the Italian Embassy . He said they drove him to an unknown location , where he was stripped to his underwear . There , he said , he endured several days of beatings and mock executions alongside other male prisoners , all the time tightly blindfolded . Watch Ibrahim Sharifi describe being tortured and sexually assaulted " "  They took us and they put a noose around my neck in a way that I was forced to stand on my tiptoes , unable to breathe , " Sharifi said . "  Somebody was constantly telling us ... ` You have received the oral sentence to be hanged , we are just waiting for the written order . ' " "  There was the stink of piss and blood . It smelled terrible , " Sharifi recalled . "  I was beaten so much I did n't have any energy left to cry . " On the fourth day of his detention , during one of these mock executions , Sharifi said he finally snapped . "  I said , if you want to kill us , go ahead . Why do you play such games with us ? And the response was a kick in my stomach that made me fall . " Sharifi said his captors kicked him repeatedly in the stomach until he started vomiting blood . He showed a pink scar on his belly from a previous car accident that he said was torn open by the blows . "  Then the guy told someone else , ` Take him and get him pregnant , ' " Sharifi said , his voice cracking with emotion . "  They tied my hands to the wall and tied my legs , and then did that thing to me . While doing it , he was telling me , "  You , who can not even defend your you-know-what , you wanted to conduct a revolution ? " Sharifi said he blacked out during the rape and woke up later , handcuffed to a hospital bed . A day later , he said , his captors dumped him , blindfolded , on the side of a highway . "  I was raped . Raped four times " Twenty-one-year-old Maryam Sabri spoke to CNN by telephone from a Turkish city where , like Sharifi , she is waiting for the U.N. High Commission for Refugees to process her request for asylum . She said she was arrested by men in plainclothes on July 30 while attending a ceremony at the grave of Neda Agha-Soltan , the Iranian woman whose death was captured by cell phone camera after she was shot during a protest in the streets of Tehran . "  When I asked them where was I being taken to , why have you arrested me , who are you ? " their response was a constant slap on my face , " Sabri recounted . Sabri said she was interrogated several times after being detained . The sexual assault began during the third interrogation , she said . "  He said , ` OK , you wanted your vote back ? Now I 'm going to give back your vote . " It was then that I was raped . Raped four times , " she said . "  My hands were tied and my eyes were blindfolded , " she said . "  He threw me on the ground while pressing my throat with one hand , and both my legs were under the weight of his legs so I could n't move at all . " Sabri said the last time she was raped , her assailant took off her blindfold and said he would release her on the condition that , once out of prison , she remain in contact with him and cooperate with him . Several days after her release , Sabri said the alleged rapist , described as a man in his late 30s with light eyes and several days ' worth of stubble , began calling her on her cell phone and threatening her . She fled Iran several weeks later and applied for refugee status in Turkey . Rape as punishment ? Human rights organizations Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran have expressed alarm about the reports of sexual assault in prison . "  The issue is , are the authorities using rape as a tool to pressure people , to punish people ? " asked Stork , the Middle East deputy director for Human Rights Watch . "  In the case of the one individual , Ibrahim Sharifi , it appears it was a punishment . " Iran 's parliament and judiciary launched investigations into the allegations . But last month , Iranian security forces raided the offices of Karrubi , the opposition presidential candidate and longtime advocate for prisoners ' rights who first publicized the rape allegations . The offices of another opposition candidate , Mir Hossein Moussavi , were also raided in September . Iran 's powerful conservative parliamentary speaker , Ali Larijani , said a special committee of Iran 's parliament , or Majlis , conducted a "  precise and comprehensive inquiry " into the treatment at Tehran 's Evin and Kahrizak prisons and found "  no cases of rape or sexual abuse , " government-funded Press TV reported last month . Larijani accused Karrubi of spreading "  sheer lies . " However , not everyone was persuaded by the investigation . "  The Iranian authorities appear more intent on finding the identities of those who claim to have been tortured by security officials than in carrying out an impartial investigation , " said Amnesty International Secretary General Irene Khan . Sabri and Sharifi are members of a growing population of expatriate Iranian dissidents in Turkey . Both face an uncertain future as refugees here and worry about the safety of their families back in Tehran . Sabri claims her father was arrested after she first went public with her rape testimony on the U.S. government-funded network Voice of America . Sharifi , meanwhile , said that before he fled Iran , government investigators accused him of lying about his prison experience for money ... charges he angrily denies . "  I broke a taboo in Iran , " he said , weeping . "  I sat in front of the camera and committed social suicide so this incident would n't happen to others . " "  I want the whole world to know that Iran 's problems are not only limited to the nuclear issue , " he said . "  The Iranian regime plays games with other countries of the world . It plays the same games with its own nation and people . "	Two expatriate Iranians allege rapes in graphic detail Male , female Iranian dissidents give separate interviews to CNN Both are in Turkey , claiming they fled after threats from security services They were arrested after disputed June 12 presidential election
Washington  CNN  -- Van Jones is an American treasure . He is quite simply one of the few Americans in recent years to have generated powerful new ideas that are creating more jobs here . He wrote the national bestseller , "  The Green Collar Economy , " which provided the definitive blueprint for retooling American industry to create pathways out of poverty and generate a national economic recovery . He was a driving force behind passage of the 2007 Green Jobs Act . In fact , Van 's ideas have helped lead to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs across the industrial Midwest and throughout the nation 's decaying urban and rural areas . Van Jones also may be the most misunderstood man in America . He resigned from the White House last year after some sought to discredit him for missteps , such as political statements made years ago . However , we can never afford to forget that a defining trait of our country is our collective capacity to practice forgiveness and celebrate redemption . This is a nation built on second chances . In America , we ultimately judge people on what they are doing today for tomorrow , not for what they did yesterday . When former Alabama Gov. George Wallace embraced integration , we forgave him for having championed segregation . When West Virginia Sen. Robert Byrd embraced civil rights legislation , we forgave him for having defended racist organizations . The real Van Jones story is about how a young leader became the father of the green jobs movement . In response to a longstanding jobs crisis in Oakland , California , he helped initiate the Oakland Green Jobs Corps , one of the nation 's first job training programs targeting low-income people for work in the solar and green industries . This program has become a renowned model for numerous initiatives that are now up and running across America . Today , Van 's vision for seizing the opportunity created by the global shift to solar power and other forms of renewable energy is becoming a reality . Policies he has promoted are bringing change to downsized economies across America . In Ebensburg , Pennsylvania , workers have gotten new jobs from a county wind turbine plant and from other wind energy projects generated by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act . The jobs are union jobs with health benefits and living wages . At a time of record unemployment , when 2.7 million Americans are getting ready to lose unemployment benefits , green jobs can provide a way up for some families in dire need of good options . Long before joining the administration , Van was America 's champion for green jobs . He helped found three national organizations , including "  Green for All " in 2007 , that are pushing for green energy jobs for Americans who urgently need work . Far from the divisive caricature painted by some cable news outlets , Van has been one of America 's most effective and inspiring bridge-builders . He has successfully brought together labor leaders , business executives , civil rights champions , students and environmentalists to find creative solutions to the ecological and economic crises . His efforts earned him designation as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2004 . His ideas served as the foundation for the 2007 Green Jobs Act , signed by President George W. Bush , which paved the way for $ 500 million in retraining funds provided under the Recovery Act during the Obama administration . Walk through the streets of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , or Akron , Ohio , once the steel and the rubber capitals of the world respectively , and you see the dire need for redeeming the American heartland . The lack of industry has devastated towns and cities and thrown families into catastrophe . Through Green for All , and others organizations , Van Jones continues to work for an American economy that can thrive again -- a nation whose prosperity reaches beyond Wall Street to Main Street and back streets . A country where jobs in installation , manufacturing and construction flourish again -- to upgrade our homes to conserve energy , create solar panels , build electric cars , and manufacture wind turbines and smart batteries . Furthermore , Van is working to make sure that our country does not lose out to India , China or Germany in the green industrial race . His vision gives us a fighting chance to reclaim something we lost years ago , back when steel was king . In those days , blue-collar workers could support their families with their wages , and our nation was not the world 's leading debtor . Van 's vision , in short , is a vision for America restored to its place as the definitive world economic leader . It is for reasons like these that Time magazine named Van one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2009 and that I am proud to give him the NAACP President 's Award at our 41st Image Awards this Friday . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Todd Jealous .	Benjamin Todd Jealous says Van Jones , Obama 's former green jobs "  czar , " is visionary He says Jones was misunderstood , unfairly discredited for early missteps Instead , he deserves praise for creating a model for a green jobs economy , he says Jealous : Jones ' vision earned him the NAACP President 's Award for 2010
London  CNN  -- The bill for staging the 2012 London Olympics and Paralympics is set to rise by nearly 20 % to # 11 billion  $ 17.2 billion  a UK government committee has warned . The # 9.3 billion  $ 14.5 billion  of public money set aside for funding the Games is "  close to being used up " according to a report published Friday by the British Parliament 's public accounts committee . "  We are concerned about whether the running of the Games will be held within budget . Taking into account costs outside the package , the full cost to the public of the Games and legacy projects is already heading for around # 11 billion , " said Margaret Hodge MP , chair of the committee . Hodge said that the committee were "  particularly concerned " with the rise in cost of security for the Games which has doubled from the 2010 estimate of # 282 million  $ 442 million  to over # 550 million  $ 862 million  by December 2011 . The London Organizing Committee of the Olympic Games  LOCOG  early estimate of a need for 10,000 security guards has now jumped to 23,700 . "  It is staggering that the original estimates were so wrong , " Hodge said . The committee also raised concerns about the Olympic stadium becoming "  a white elephant . " As yet , no takers have been found for the 80,000-capacity venue which is estimated to have cost nearly # 500 million  $ 785 million  to build . A deal which would have seen West Ham Football Club move into the stadium after the Games collapsed in October 2011 . A new tender process opened in December last year with interested parties required to submit full bids by March 23 2012 . The committee also expressed concerns about the UK Government 's legacy commitment . "  We were promised a strong Olympic legacy but the Government has chosen not to adopt the target of one million more people participating in sport by 2013 , " Hodge said . But Hugh Robertson , the government 's minister for sport , rejected the committee 's findings . "  What  the committee  has not done is made any allowance for the amount of money that comes back to the public purse once the land on the park has been sold , " Robertson told the BBC . Should the committee 's estimates be borne out , the projected cost of staging the Games will have almost trebled from an initial bid estimate of # 4 billion  $ 6.3 billion  . That figure was revised up to # 9.3 billion in 2007 . The Olympics and Paralympic Games get underway on July 27 and August 29 respectively .	London Olympics bill set to rise from # 9.3 billion to around # 11 billion according to new report UK Parliament 's public accounts committee says security costs have doubled in recent months Committee also warn of Olympic Stadium becoming a "  white elephant " after the Games London Olympics begin on July 27 ; Paralympics start on August 29
CNN  -- A New York University student spent nearly two days trapped in a narrow shaft between two buildings in lower Manhattan , a Fire Department of New York spokesman said Monday . The student , 19-year-old sophomore Asher Vongtau , is in fair condition after being rescued Sunday evening from the tight space between an NYU residence hall at 80 Lafayette St. and a garage , a spokeswoman for Bellevue Hospital Center said . The teen 's mom , Habiba Vongtau told CNN affiliate WABC that her son "  really ca n't remember " how he became trapped . He has "  broken bones , arm and contusions " and a possibly fractured pelvis , Habiba Vongtau said . A public safety sergeant discovered the student wedged into the space when he heard moaning , John Beckman , a university spokesman , told CNN . The Fire Department quickly responded to an emergency call at 5:07 p.m. Sunday . It took almost 90 minutes to free the student , a Fire Department spokesman said . Firefighters used pneumatic tools to break through three layers of cinder block . "  Our understanding is that the student was conscious and able to communicate with rescuers throughout the rescue , " Beckman said . University officials first received word of a missing student early Sunday . Later that day , some of his possessions were found at Lafayette Hall , a dormitory . It is unclear how the student got stuck in the space . "  We are very glad to say that at least that student was found safe , and mostly sound , and was rescued , " Beckman said . He is being treated at Bellevue Hospital Center . The student 's father , Lulufa Vongtau , says his son is studying political science at NYU . He grew up in Nigeria and moved to the United States with his mother in 2007 . His mother traveled from Pittsburgh on Sunday night after news of her son 's accident . His father is in Nigeria and trying to make arrangements to get to New York . CNN 's Morgan Winsor contributed to this report .	NEW : Student does n't remember how he became trapped , his mother says Asher Vongtau is hospitalized after nearly two days in a narrow space The NYU student was trapped between a dorm and a garage The Fire Department rescued the 19-year-old Sunday evening
