Editor 's note : Dan Buettner is the author of "  The Blue Zones : Lessons for Living Longer from the People Who 've Lived the Longest . " He spoke at the TEDxTC Event at the Science Museum of Minnesota in September , 2009 . His Web site is http://www.bluezones.com/ For more TED Talks , click here In the same way organisms select for characteristics that favor the survival and well-being of its species over successive generations , so too do cultures . With organisms , we call this process evolution and it represents a sort of accumulated wisdom . There is no word for this process in cultures , but there is one for the result . And that word is tradition . For that past eight years , my team of scientists and National Geographic researchers have explored five parts of the world -- "  Blue Zones " -- where people live measurably longer lives . Compared to American averages , we found a bronze-age culture in Sardinia 's interior that produces about 10 times more male centenarians ; a remote peninsula in Costa Rica where 50 year-olds have a three-fold better chance or reaching age 90 ; a Greek island completely free of Alzheimer 's  about 50 percent of Americans over age 90 suffer from dementia  ; and islands in southern Japan where people suffer one-sixth the rate of heart disease . How do they do it ? The Danish Twin Studies established that only about 20 percent of average lifespan  within certain biological limits  is dictated by genes . Lifestyle explains most of the rest of the longevity formula . We found that all five Blue Zones possessed the same nine lifestyle characteristics . Among them : a low-meat , plant-based diet  all of them ate a lot of beans  and a ritual of "  downshifting " each day . They experience the same stresses we do -- kids , health , finances -- but they managed it through daily prayer , meditation , ancestor veneration or city-wide happy hours  like the Sardinians  . The secret to longevity , as I see it , has less to do with diet , or even exercise , and more to do with the environment in which a person lives : social and physical . What do I mean by this ? They live rewardingly inconvenient lives . They walk to the store and to their friends ' homes and they live in houses set up with opportunities to move mindlessly . They do their own yard work , hand-knead their own bread dough , and , in the case of Okinawa , get up and down off the floor several dozen times a day . They live in strong families that keep them motivated to support loved ones . Centenarians are still living near their children and feel loved and the expectation to love . Instead of being mere recipients of care , they are contributors to the lives of their families . They grow gardens to contribute vegetables , they continue to cook and clean . This has a powerful two-fold effect : Children and grandchildren in these families benefit from their grandparents ' wisdom and care while the centenarians feel the motivation to stay active , to get out of bed in the morning , and live for a purpose . They live in cities where it is easy to walk to their friends ' houses , to the store or to church . So , we figured they get about 105 minutes of physical activity everyday -- and no health club membership ! We know from the Framingham studies that happiness , smoking and obesity are all "  contagious . " If your three best friends are obese , there 's a 70 percent better chance that you 'll be overweight . People in the Blue Zones either proactively surround themselves with people who practice the right behaviors or are born into communities of people who do -- or people whose idea of fun is gardening , or bocce ball or swimming ; people who eat meat sparingly , who have faith , who are trusting and trust-worthy . Why is this so important ? No supplement , hormone , antioxidant or pill of any sort has been shown to reverse , stop or even slow aging . The problem is two-fold : to do the study properly , you 'd need to follow two groups of people for life : one who takes the pill , the other that does n't . Then you 'd have to control for all other factors and compare the average age of death for each group . No such study has ever been done on a "  longevity " supplement . The second problem is adherence . People in general just do n't stick to doing anything for very long . Are you taking supplements ? How long have you been taking them ? I 'll bet not more than a few years . Science  and hucksters  have offered us countless diets but research done by the University of Minnesota 's Dr. Robert W. Jeffrey has shown that fewer than 2 percent of people adhere to diets for more than two years . For anything to really impact your life expectancy positively , you need to do it for most of your life . Friends , unlike pills or diets , are much more likely to be much longer-term undertakings . The secret to solving much of America 's health care crisis and battle with chronic diseases lies in emulating the environment in Blue Zones . Is it possible ? Last year , my partners and I made Blue Zones-inspired changes to the environment of an entire American town -- Albert Lea , Minnesota ,  see AARP Magazine article  . We made the town more walkable and bikeable , dug public gardens , made it easier for kids to walk to school and people to expand their face-to-face social networks to include more people motivated to change their health habits . The results were astounding . If the trends continue , life expectancy for the average participant would rise about three years and health care costs for city workers would decrease by 48 percent . The wisdom of the world 's Blue Zones represents centuries or even millennia of observed human experience . As Democrats and Republicans argue over how to solve the health care crisis , perhaps they should take a moment to consider the wisdom of their grandmothers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Buettner .	Researchers looked at regions where people live long lives Dan Buettner says they found common practices in these "  Blue Zone " regions People live longer when they have active physical and social lives , he says Buettner : Pills , diets are n't as important as having purpose in life
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Bank of England bought # 2 billion  $ 2.8 billion  of government bonds Wednesday as the UK introduced quantitative easing to kickstart the ailing economy . UK interest rates are at their lowest levels since the Bank of England was founded in 1694 . The move comes after the bank cut interest rates from one percent to 0.5 percent last week -- a drop of five percent since October last year and the lowest in the bank 's 315-year history . Central banks worldwide including the Bank of England have tried to encourage spending and lending during the current downturn by cutting interest rates -- with limited success . Rates can now not fall much further -- hence , the Bank of England believes , the need for another strategy . Quantitative easing is often described as "  printing money " -- although no new notes and coins are actually created . Instead the Bank of England will "  create " more money on its balance sheet , then use this to buy banks ' assets such as home loans and government bonds , thereby pumping extra cash into the system . The banks all have accounts with the Bank of England , and the money will simply be credited to those accounts . The creation of more funds will be done electronically . The Bank 's Monetary Policy Committee , which determines strategy , has the authority to create up to # 150 billion  $ 207 billion  on the balance sheet , although it has said it will only inject # 75 billion  $ 105 billion  over the next three months -- or # 5 billion  $ 6.9 billion  per week . The first chunk is being used to buy government gilts , the UK 's Press Association reported , at twice-weekly auctions . Quantitative easing was last introduced in a major economy in Japan from 2001 until 2006 . The economy recovered , although expert opinion is divided as to whether quantitative easing helped with anything other than improving sentiment among consumers and business .	Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee can create $ 207B on balance sheets Quantitative easing was last introduced in a major economy in Japan in 2001 UK government wants banks , financial institutions to start lending again
CNN  -- It is 10 years since Maria Sharapova became the darling of Wimbledon 's hallowed Center Court . Just 17 and with a mere six grand slam appearances to her name , she was a huge underdog against Serena Williams -- then already a formidable force in women 's tennis . But Sharapova did the unthinkable , demolishing the defending champion and delighting the crowd , as the smiling teenager opened up her mobile phone on court to contact her mother . It was "  the jump start of my career , where it all began for me , " says the first Russian woman to win Wimbledon . "  To think back that I was holding that trophy as a 17-year-old girl is really special . It really makes me feel really happy inside when I look back on those years , " Sharapova told CNN 's Open Court ahead of this week 's return to London 's hallowed grass courts . "  Of course it was a little bit of a blur , so young , I was in this incredible dream , this incredible run to the finals . And then winning it , it takes a while to realize , ` Yes , I 've done it , I 've accomplished that , I 've won Wimbledon . ' " A decade later , the two women are again favorites to win Wimbledon -- even if the grass surface has not always proved a happy stomping ground for Sharapova in the intervening years . She has reached the final just once since those heady days in 2004 -- losing to Czech surprise package Petra Kvitova in 2011 -- and made a shock second-round exit last year to Portugal 's 131st-ranked Michelle Larcher de Brito . Meanwhile , Williams has won three more championships in London in the past decade . The dream for many fans is of a repeat Sharapova-Williams final showdown , but last Friday 's draw means they could meet in the last eight . "  For both of us 10 years later to still be grinding , and working , and loving what we do -- I think it 's really inspiring for a lot of people around the world because we 've gone through a lot in those years , " says Sharapova , who won her fifth grand slam title at this month 's French Open , while Williams exited early . "  We 've battled through injuries , through losses , through wins and we 're still there . " Baby-faced teen to sports star supreme Right now , Sharapova 's confidence is sky-high -- though it was n't always the case . The five-time grand slam winner sacked coach Jimmy Connors last year after just one match together , which she lost . Her new partnership with Sweden 's Sven Groeneveld appears to be working out a lot better ; in Paris she regained the title that Williams took from her the previous year . But it was her first Wimbledon win that really set Sharapova on her way to global superstardom . Within a week she was on the cover of Sports Illustrated and today banks about $ 30 million a year , of which barely a fifth comes from on-court prize money thanks to lucrative sponsorship deals with the likes of Nike and Head . It makes her the world 's highest-paid female athlete on Forbes ' list . "  No matter how prepared you may be , I actually think it 's better not to know what will happen , " she says of her Wimbledon win . "  Because everything that comes your way seems so better and so much more when you do n't have expectations and you have incredible opportunities , " "  I look back and I go , ` Wow , I was on the cover of Sports Illustrated as a 17-year-old girl . ' "  I was not naive but I did n't know how cool these things really were and I think that is why I kept myself really grounded , because I was happy and I smiled and I had a great time doing those other things . " Love match And with fame , came intense media scrutiny . Today , Sharapova 's every move on and off the court is followed by the press -- from her burgeoning business empire to her blossoming relationship with fellow tennis player Grigor Dimitrov , who won the Wimbledon warmup tournament at London 's Queen 's Club last week . The Bulgarian -- nicknamed "  Baby Fed " after comparisons with men 's legend Roger Federer early in his career -- credited partner Sharapova for the victory . She appears similarly enthused by the 18-month romance . "  He 's so talented out on the court and so smart at what he does . It 's really inspiring to watch him play -- even when he does n't have a good day and loses , I am really inspired by what he is able to produce out there , " she says . "  It 's really fun , we enjoy watching each other play . It is also always nice to have good company , that understands what you go through , the tough and the good . To be able to share that , I am certainly lucky . " Brand Sharapova In the last decade Sharapova has become a lucrative brand in her own right , signing a three-year advertising deal with Porsche last year among her many endorsements , and launching her own confectionery called Sugarpova . Where does this business drive come from ? "  I am actually really scared of doing nothing , " she says . "  Because all my career , all my life I 've woken up , made my tea or coffee and then am ready to do something , to commit to something . "  It has been tennis for many years and especially when I missed out a year from shoulder surgery , it gave me time to think ` well , this can happen on any given day and you can not play sport anymore , what are you going to do ? ' " It might be hard to believe that the businesswoman leading this sporting empire , still sees herself as the teenage girl who climbed up to hug her father Yuri in the players ' box after her Wimbledon triumph . "  I think from a very young age , I knew I did n't have so many strengths in my game , " she says . "  I knew I was n't the strongest athlete out there , I knew I did n't have an incredible amount of weapons out there but I knew from a young age that focus , especially in tennis , was one of the biggest weapons that you can have . " For the next fortnight , that focus is firmly on Wimbledon . Insight : The mom giving tennis parents a good name	Maria Sharapova won Wimbledon title as a teenager a decade ago She was underdog against then six-time grand slam champion Serena Williams Now both are favorites to win prestigious grass-court title in 2014 Russian has built a successful business empire since her maiden slam success
CNN  -- Federal agents ca n't account for more than 1,400 guns after a widely criticized operation aimed at tracing the flow of weapons to Mexican drug gangs , sources with knowledge of the investigation tell CNN . Of 2,020 guns involved in the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives probe dubbed "  Operation Fast and Furious , " 363 have been recovered in the United States and 227 have been recovered in Mexico . That leaves 1,430 guns unaccounted for , the sources said . The ATF operation was intended to build cases against Mexican drug cartels by allowing firearms to go from the United States into Mexico . The hope was by tracing the guns in Mexico , agents would be able to determine the structure of various cartels and then bring them down . The problem was that once the guns were allowed to "  walk , " there was no way to recover them until they turned up at crime scenes . The operation has been widely criticized in Congress , with the chairman of a House committee that investigated the issue calling it "  felony stupid . " Rene Jaquez , the ATF 's former attache in Mexico City , told CNN the operation never should have happened . "  Guns traditionally are just not allowed to leave the undercover operation for fear that it will enter into the criminal element and then be subsequently used in a crime at a later date , " Jaquez said . "  And the last thing any one of us as law enforcement officers wants to have attributed to us is the death of an innocent individual by a gun that was lost during one of our operations . " But the ATF knowingly allowed individuals to purchase weapons that they knew would end up in the hands of criminals on both sides of the border . And when Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was killed in Arizona in December , two AK-47 variants that were allowed to "  walk " under the program were found at the scene . In Mexico , the operation drew sharp criticism from top officials , who have long said that U.S. weapons are fueling the country 's bloody drug war . And ATF agents in Arizona told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in June that they cringed every time they heard of a shooting after the program had been under way for some time . Over the past several months , questions have arisen regarding who in government knew about and sanctioned this operation . Even though the operation was run out of the ATF 's field office in Phoenix , Jaquez said it is highly unlikely that officials at the Department of Justice in Washington were not informed . "  You have to understand , this program was in operation 18 months or more before we had any idea it existed , " said Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa . "  And as I look back on it now , it was a , it 's a big joke " -- one Grassley says is n't so funny since the guns have turned up in the hands of criminals . In late June , President Barack Obama said "  appropriate action " would be taken once an investigation of the program is completed . But so far , details about who knew what and when have been scarce . Last week , the embattled acting director of the ATF , Kenneth Melson , was interviewed by congressional investigators in a closed session . While the content of the interview remains confidential , Melson 's personal attorney was at his side . Grassley has stated he plans on seeing this investigation to its conclusion . "  There 's a basic principle of government here that the people in the Justice Department are forgetting -- the public 's business should be public , " he said .	"  Operation Fast and Furious " involved more than 2,000 guns , sources tell CNN Fewer than 600 have been recovered in the United States and Mexico , they say The operation has been sharply criticized by members of Congress
CNN  -- The United States is deeply concerned about the well-being of Eman al-Obeidy , according to a State Department source , and worked closely with officials in Europe and Libya to get her safely out of the country . The same source said the U.S. is "  prepared to provide whatever help and support Eman may need . " Al-Obeidy grabbed the world 's attention this spring when she accused Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's security forces of gang-raping her . She is now on the way to Malta with her father , according to another high-level U.S. State Department source . She will eventually head to a processing center in Europe before leaving for a final destination . She has told CNN on repeated occasions that she wants to go to the United States . One of the State Department sources told CNN that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  has been deeply interested in the case and has followed it throughout . " Al-Obeidy was in Qatar awaiting resettlement as a refugee when she was deported Thursday and sent back to Libya . She was reportedly beaten before being deported . Najah Dawaji , a U.S.-based Libyan pro-freedom activist , said she was with three key members of Libya 's Transitional National Council when they first learned that al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi , Libya , on Thursday . She said al-Obeidy had a black eye , bruises on her legs and scratches on her arms . Al-Obeidy told a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had pressured the Qataris to expel her . But , according to Dawaji , she did not blame the rebel group for the beating itself . Al-Obeidy told CNN that when she asked her attackers why they were beating her , they said that Mahmoud Shammam and Mahmoud Jibril , both leaders in the Libyan rebel movement , had sent the Qataris an "  urgent letter " saying that she had to be deported immediately . After arriving in Qatar , al-Obeidy had made public statements saying the Transitional National Council was using her . The council denied that . Council members were upset upon seeing al-Obeidy 's condition and vowed to open an investigation , Dawaji said . Al-Obeidy told CNN that in the hours leading to her deportation , armed guards were posted outside her hotel room , preventing a representative from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees from helping her . The U.N. agency had prepared papers for her departure from Qatar to begin a new life . She said Qatari authorities took her and her parents from the Kempinski Residences and Suites in the Qatari capital . She said she was beaten and handcuffed , then forced onto a military plane to Libya . She said the Qataris had taken everything from her and her parents -- including cell phones , her laptop and money . When told by the UNHCR that she was protected under refugee status , Qatari agents said , "  We do n't have an agreement with the U.N. , " according to al-Obeidy . Al-Obeidy said a group of men and women beat her , her father and her sister in a parking lot , and they were beaten more at the airport . The United States said it was "  disappointed " by al-Obeidy 's expulsion , which it said was "  a breach of humanitarian norms . " Amnesty International called the deportation "  outrageous , " saying the action by the Qatari government "  is a serious breach by Qatar of its international obligations . " CNN 's Khalil Abdallah and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department source : U.S. prepared to help Eman Al-Obeidy She eventually will go to a processing center in Europe Al-Obeidy accused Moammar Gadhafi 's security forces of raping her She has said repeatedly she wants to go to the United States
CNN  -- As Typhoon Haiyan 's trail of destruction in the Philippines unfolds , CNN reporters have been on the ground from the beginning building up a picture of the devastation and heartache caused by the most powerful-ever storm to make landfall . Click on the videos below to follow their powerful stories . Andrew Stevens was in Tacloban when Haiyan hit . It was the first major population center in the region to feel the wrath of the super typhoon . Four days after this town of more than 220,000 people was reduced to rubble , he witnesses the devastation with Tacloban 's horrified mayor . Nick Paton Walsh takes a drive through the storm-battered city at night . He says most people are seeking shelter in the wreckage of houses or in what remains of the Church 's infrastructure -- with the occasional fire bringing light to this eerily dark town . While fears remain about looters and other security issues , he says the police and military appear in control , on the main roads at least . Paula Hancocks , who is also in Tacloban , has seen the suffering of the local population -- especially young children -- first hand . But from the ashes of disaster , she sees signs of hope , with babies born -- and surviving -- in the most atrocious conditions . Anna Coren , meanwhile , accompanies a Philippines military aid flight as authorities attempt to deliver supplies to those desperately in need . Situated where the Philippines meets the Pacific Ocean , the town of Guiuan had the look and feel of a tropical paradise . Unfortunately , its location on Samar Island 's southeastern tip turned out to be a curse . It was cut off from outside communication and many basic necessities until recently , when a C-130 military cargo plane flew over the ravaged area and landed at its small airport . Ivan Watson reports from a military airbase in Cebu City , which has become a key hub in the relief effort . He speaks to a group of young Filipino men who showed up with food they collected to be sent out as aid . They say they were moved to help after seeing aerial pictures of how towns such as Guiuan had been completely cut off after the storm hit . Are you there ? Send us your images and video but please stay safe .	CNN 's Andrew Stevens experienced the force of the typhoon in Tacloban Amid the chaos and destructio in the town , Paula Hancocks witnessed hope Anna Coren boarded a military cargo plane taking aid into the disaster zone
CNN  -- The fourth former New Orleans police officer pleaded guilty this week in connection with police shootings of civilians on a Louisiana bridge in the days following Hurricane Katrina , authorities said . Former officer Robert Barrios pleaded guilty in federal court to a charge he failed to report a cover-up in the investigation into the Danziger Bridge shooting in New Orleans , the Department of Justice said in a statement Wednesday . He faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 . Barrios ' plea comes after the guilty pleas from three other former New Orleans police officers -- Michael Lohman , Jeffrey Lehrmann and Michael Hunter -- involved in the Danziger Bridge case , the Justice Department said . Two civilians were killed and four others wounded in the shootings on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast . In the first shooting , on the east side of the bridge , one person , later identified as James Brissette , 19 , was killed and four people were wounded , prosecutors said . In another shooting on the bridge 's west side , Ronald Madison , 40 , a severely disabled man , was killed . Madison 's brother was arrested but later released without being charged , authorities said . Barrios admitted in court that he met with officers after the shooting to get their stories straight , prosecutors said . He also admitted that he lied when he told investigators that he had seen civilians with handguns . "  In the days following Hurricane Katrina , the people of New Orleans were relying upon law enforcement to protect public safety . Instead , the officers involved in this incident and its cover-up abused their power and violated the public trust , " said Thomas E. Perez , Assistant Attorney General in Charge of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division .	Former officer admits cover-up in investigation of New Orleans bridge shooting Two civilians killed , four wounded in police shooting days after Hurricane Katrina Three officers have since issued guilty pleas for their involvement
CNN  -- A French appeals court on Thursday cleared Continental Airlines of criminal responsibility for the Air France Concorde crash that killed 113 people in 2000 , but affirmed a civil judgment against the U.S. carrier . Continental , which has since merged with United Airlines , had appealed a 2010 ruling that blamed the company and one of its mechanics for the crash of Flight 4590 shortly after takeoff from Paris . Beyond Concorde : The next generation of supersonic flight The appeals court upheld the findings of a lower court -- that a strip of metal that fell off a Continental jet was responsible for a chain of events that led to the crash . But the appeals court said a criminal conviction was not justified , CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported . But because the appeals court agreed with the findings of what led to the crash , the U.S. airline must still pay more than $ 1.2 million  1 million euros  to Air France as ordered by the lower court , BFM-TV reported . Read more : Continental Airlines and mechanic guilty in deadly Concorde crash Air France has paid an unspecified sum in damages to the families of most of the victims of the only Concorde crash . An investigation revealed that the Concorde jet struck a small strip of titanium and blew a tire during takeoff from Charles de Gaulle airport on July 25 , 2000 . The blown tire scattered debris into the left wing and ruptured the fuel tank . The supersonic jet burst into flames and crashed into a hotel , killing 100 passengers , nine crew and four people on the ground . The titanium strip allegedly fell off a Continental DC-10 which took off just before the Concorde . Judicial investigators said the strip was improperly installed on the DC-10 engine , prompting the charges against Continental . Air France and British Airways stopped Concorde service in 2003 because the flights did not make money .	French appeals ruling upholds lower court decision in Concorde case Court upholds a civil judgment against U.S. carrier The Air France Concorde crash killed 113 people after a metal strip blew a tire Investigators say the metal strip fell off of a Continental jetliner
CNN  -- One of the toughest records to beat in tennis finally fell on Monday when the Bryan brothers Mike and Bob registered their 271st week at the top of the world doubles standings . The 33-year-old twins moved past fellow American John McEnroe , who was not only one of the game 's best singles players but also one of the greatest in the two-man format . "  John McEnroe is a legend . He 's definitely one of the best doubles players in history . We respect and admire what he 's brought to the sport , " Mike Bryan told the ATP Tour website . "  To be grouped in the same category and mentioned in the same breath as McEnroe is an honor in itself . We play against McEnroe in exhibitions and he still shows what a talent he is . " The Bryans have topped the year-end list since 2005 . They have won the most men 's doubles titles with 75 , and took their grand slam-leading tally to 11 this year with triumphs at the Australian Open and Wimbledon . "  To achieve this record and surpass John McEnroe , who we 've always looked up to , is awesome , " said Bob , who is expecting a daughter with wife Michelle in January . "  This ranks up with our record of most team titles . It shows we were consistent throughout our whole career and we did n't want to relinquish the top spot . The Bryans are the only partnership to have won 700 matches , and they have a record 19 Masters 1000 tournament titles . With the season now over , next year they can beat Pete Sampras ' mark of 286 weeks at the top of the men 's singles . "  Singles and doubles are totally different , but it 's nice to be at the top of doubles . That 's what we do and it 's what we love , " Bob said . "  I 'm just grateful that we 've been able to do it for so long . We 've now played on tour for 13 years and have been lucky to stay healthy . We still have a great time playing so we do n't plan on stopping anytime soon . When our careers are over , I think we 'll look back and be proud of what we 've accomplished . " They thanked their Australian coach David MacPherson , who has worked with the brothers since 2005 . "  Since bringing him on board , we 've been a lot more consistent , and he 's worked hard to help us improve each year . Without him , this would not have been possible , " Mike said .	Bob and Mike Bryan break John McEnroe 's record of 270 weeks as doubles No. 1 American twins have finished the year on top of the rankings since 2005 They have won the most grand slam doubles titles and the most overall Bob Bryan is expecting a baby daughter with his wife in January
CNN  An American teenager who helped her boyfriend stuff her mother 's lifeless body into a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in Bali has been sentenced to 10 years in prison . Heather Mack , 19 , who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago , was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend , Tommy Schaefer , of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack on the Indonesian island last August . Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von Wiese-Mack to death in room 317 of the St. Regis Bali Resort . Schaefer had claimed he killed his girlfriend 's mother in self-defense after a violent argument erupted over the young couple 's relationship . The beaten body of von Wiese-Mack was found in a large silver suitcase that the couple had loaded in a waiting taxi outside the resort . They told the driver they 'd be back soon , but after a lengthy wait he alerted hotel staff who inspected the bag , noticed blood and called police . The lovers were arrested after being found the following morning at another hotel about 15 kilometers  nine miles  away . Inside the bag , von Wiese-Mack 's body had been wrapped in hotel bedding . A forensic examination determined that she had died from a blunt force to the face that fractured her facial bones and caused her to suffocate . Described as a Chicago socialite , von Wiese-Mack was reported to have a troubled relationship with her teenage daughter . Schaefer denied that the murder was premeditated . He told the court that he acted in self-defense when his girlfriend 's mother started strangling him during an argument in the Bali hotel room . "  She squeezed my neck for about 20 to 30 seconds . I could n't breathe . I had blood going to my head and my eyes were so watery , " Schaefer told the court . He said he reached for a nearby bowl "  before she could . " "  I could n't see for a moment because my eyes were so watery and I was distraught , I was in a state of mind , I had no idea what was happening . I was almost about to black out . And I grabbed it and I started swinging , " he told the court . Mack told the court her mother had threatened to kill the couple 's unborn baby , according to local media . The prosecutor alleged that the two planned the murder , because Mack 's mother disapproved of their relationship . After being detained by police , the couple initially claimed they 'd been taken captive at the resort by an armed gang , whose members killed Heather 's mother , and from whom they managed to escape . The two were tried separately , though both trials were heard by the same court , with the same prosecutors . Prosecutors had sought a prison sentence of 18 years for Schaefer and 15 years for Mack . Under Indonesian law , Mack will be allowed to keep her baby with her in prison for two years , after which she can nominate who should take custody . Journalists Fairuz Husaini and Ragil Lestari and CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Heather Mack jailed for 10 years over mother 's murder in Bali Boyfriend Tommy Schaefer sentenced to 18 years in prison for the attack Mack gave birth to the couple 's daughter last month
CNN  -- Third seed Kim Clijsters booked a place in her sixth Australian Open quarterfinal with a straight-sets success over Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova Monday . Clijsters , a finalist at Melbourne Park in 2004 , needed a tie-break to take the opening set before she clinched a 7-6  7-3  6-2 triumph in one hour and 28 minutes . The start of the match was delayed after Portuguese umpire Mariana Alves instructed the unseeded Makarova to change her outfit because a sponsor 's logo on her shirt was too large . "  I really felt that I really stayed focused throughout all my matches , " the 27-year-old Clijsters told the Australian Open 's website . "  In a couple I really did n't feel my best out there , but I 'm happy with the way that I was playing , but you have to always be a little bit better . " Clijsters , bidding for back-to-back grand slams after retaining her U.S. Open title , will come up against 12th seed Agnieszka Radwanska in the next round . The Pole had to save two match points in her victory against China 's Shuai Peng . Radwanska , who has never advanced beyond the quarterfinals of a grand slam , was 4-5 down in the final set before she clinched a 7-5 3-6 7-5 win . "  After the match I was really sad , " world number 54 Peng told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  I think I got a little bit tight then also maybe a little bit unlucky . " Li Na is now China 's lone hope for a first grand slam singles title . Second seed Vera Zvonareva is into the last eight in Melbourne after a 6-4 6-1 win over the unseeded Czech Iveta Benesova . Zvonareva , a semifinalist in Australia in 2009 , fell behind 4-2 in the opening set before she rallied to emerge victorious and remain on course for her maiden grand slam triumph . "  I thought I was a little bit slow , " the Russian said . "  A little bit passive at the start , but then I found the right momentum and kept it until the end of the match . I 'm happy I won , this year has started well . " The 26-year-old Zvonareva was a beaten finalist at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open in 2010 and has won more matches than any other female player at the last three grand slams . "  This is what you work very , very hard over many , many years for . The majors are where you want to play your best tennis . I really enjoy the challenge . " Zvonareva will face another Czech in the next round after Petra Kvitova edged out Italy 's Flavia Pennetta 3-6 6-3 6-3 . Pennetta was seeded 22nd , three places above her opponent , but Kvitova managed to cause a second-straight upset after her dismissal of fifth seed Samantha Stosur in the previous round . "  I was very nervous in the first set , " Kvitova said . "  But I knew I had to keep fighting . In the end it was very close and very tough . "  When I played Stosur , I was n't nervous ; I just wanted to enjoy it . But today I was nervous . It was very different . "	Kim Clijsters beats Ekaterina Makarova to reach the last eight of the Australian Open She will face Agnieszka Radwanska , who saves two match points to beat Shuai Peng Second seed Vera Zvonareva defeats Czech Iveta Benesova 6-4 6-1 Petra Kvitova edges out Flavia Penetta 3-6 6-3 6-3 to advance to the next round
CNN  -- All good things must come to an end . Or in the case of HBO 's hit series , "  True Blood , " all bad things must meet the true death . After seven dark and twisted seasons of the drama , based on Charlaine Harris ' "  Southern Vampire Mysteries , " fans of the show -- referred to as "  Trubies " -- must say their final goodbyes to Sookie  Anna Paquin  , Bill  Stephen Moyer  , Eric  Alexander Skarsgård  and the rest of the supernatural creatures of Bon Temps this Sunday . While some fans have argued the show 's quality has declined over the years , it does n't mean people have stopped watching . Here are the storylines we 're absolutely dying to have wrapped up in the final episode : Will there be a true cure to Hep-V ? Hepatitis-V , a disease that infects both humans and vampires and is lethal to the latter , has been the main plot point of season seven . At first , the disease caused bloodsuckers to lose their minds and eat humans at an alarming rate . Midway through the season it began to transform and just weakened the vampires until eventually they withered away . Yes , Sarah Newlin 's blood contains the cure to Hep-V , but only a select few actually know this -- and Mr. Gus of the Yakonomo Corporation  Will Yun Lee  wants to keep it that way . Instead of releasing the real cure to the world , he has teamed up with Eric and Pam  Kristin Bauer van Straten  to synthesize a partial antidote . That way , infected vampires will need to take the medicine regularly without ever being fully cured . Smart business move , but no doubt morally corrupt . Newlin  Anna Camp  has spent the last few episodes held captive , but will she finally escape in the series finale ? Or will Eric and Pam turn on Gus and release the cure to the world ? Could this maker-progeny duo actually make an ethical decision that does n't also benefit them financially ? Only time will tell . But as tensions rise between Gus and Eric , fans can definitely expect a showdown . Especially now that Sookie is in Gus ' crosshairs . And everyone knows when it comes to Sookie , Eric does not mess around . Will our favorite non-vampires find happiness ? Characters such as Sam  Sam Trammell  , Lafayette  Nelsan Ellis  and Arlene  Carrie Preston  may not have a thirst for blood , but they certainly find themselves in consistent danger . So who makes it out  emotionally  alive ? Things are looking pretty good for resident shape-shifter Sam Merlotte . He has n't been at the forefront of the action much this year , spending most of his time ignoring his mayoral duties in lieu of protecting his pregnant girlfriend , Nicole  Jurnee Smollett-Bell  . He even agreed to her demand that they move to raise their unborn child in a safe place . Sam 's gotten the short end of the stick throughout the series , so here 's hoping he finally gets that happy ending he deserves . Lafayette has also suffered a lot of loss , but , like Sam , life is starting to turn around . Everyone 's favorite cross-dressing fry cook might have even found love -- with Jessica 's boyfriend , James  Nathan Parsons  . Lafayette is a fan favorite and the writers will most likely allow him to ride off into the sunset with this dreamy guitarist . Then there 's Arlene . The fiery , redheaded waitress , now owner of Bellefleur 's Bar and Grill , has suffered the loss of two men in her life : former fiancé Rene , who turned out to be a psychopathic murderer and was killed by Sookie ; and war veteran Terry Bellefleur , who made her happy but was then killed by a hit man . Tough break . But through it all Arlene has been a survivor , always coming out on top . And it looks like she may find love once again -- this time with ancient vampire Keith  Riley Smith  , who is absolutely smitten with her . But who would n't be ? Will Jason actually be able to keep his pants on ? For seven seasons , Jason  Ryan Kwanten  has been in trouble dozens of times , all because he is unable to control himself when it comes to members of the opposite sex -- including Amy  Lizzy Caplan  , Sarah Newlin , Crystal  Lindsay Pulsipher  , Jessica  Deborah Ann Woll  and Violet  Karolina Wydra  . The relationships ' ends have often been messy -- physically so . But now that Jessica and Hoyt  Jim Parrack  have finally rekindled their romance  rejoice !  , this is the perfect time for Jason to re-evaluate his life choices . While most fans may cry at the thought of a celibate Jason Stackhouse , it may be for the greater good of Bon Temps that he keep his pants on for at least a little while . Of course , no one says he has to keep his shirt on for the finale . This is "  True Blood , " after all . Who will meet the true death ? Current "  True Blood " show runner Brian Buckner , who replaced original creator Alan Ball , promised there would be game-changing deaths in the final season , and he was n't kidding . Within the first minute of the opening episode , Tara Thornton  Rutina Wesley  was staked and killed by a Hep-V-infected vampire . The death happened off-screen , too -- talk about a cold exit . A few episodes later , Sookie 's werewolf boyfriend , Alcide  Joe Manganiello  , got the ax as well . He died while protecting Sookie , a common theme in the series . But ever since those deaths it has been unusually tame . Which prompts the question , who will bite it in the series finale ? The obvious choice going in would be Bill Compton . Infected with the Hep-V virus  at an alarming rate due to Sookie 's faerie blood  , he refused to drink from Sarah Newlin and cure himself , stating that he had accepted his fate to die . He claims he is making this decision in an attempt to save Sookie from his own "  darkness . " Kind of seems like an anti-climactic way for his character to go out , though . Early predictions from fans had Eric Northman as a main contender to die -- and it seemed likely with him contracting the Hep-V virus early in the final season . But now that he 's sampled from the fountain of Sarah Newlin , he is officially cured . Could this be a ploy to fool viewers into thinking he is safe ? It seems rather fitting for his character to go out in a blaze of glory . And what about Sookie Stackhouse ? Yes , she is the show 's main character , but crazier things have happened . Besides , some would argue she is partially responsible for all of the terrible things to befall the town of Bon Temps , so maybe a death would be satisfying to some fans . Besides , no one has put themselves in more dangerous situations in the seven-season run than Sookie . That girl can not keep herself out of trouble . Who will Sookie choose ? "  True Blood " began with a love story , and the question still lingers : Who will our heroine , Sookie Stackhouse , end up with ? First there was Bill Compton , Sookie 's primary love interest . They broke up occasionally , but Sookie always found her way back to him .  Possibly because actors Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer are married in real life .  Then there was Eric Northman . Fangirls everywhere squealed when they got together . But while their chemistry was magnetic , they spent more time against one another than actually coupled . There was also Warlow  Robert Kazinsky  , because who would n't fall in love with a faerie vampire who is responsible for murdering your parents and hunting you over the years ? And then the doomed relationship with Alcide , the gorgeous werewolf who never stood a chance . Based on this season , it appears Sookie will end up with Bill . They have spent the majority of the year rekindling their original romance . Sookie has made it very clear that all she wants is for Bill to live . But the idea of Bill still being alive at the end of this season is looking less and less likely . That would leave Eric , which would certainly please the fans . But if it only happens by default after Bill dies , does that cheapen their relationship ? Here 's a thought -- maybe Sookie should end up alone . It 's almost unheard of in a vampire love story , but something that might need to happen for fans to finally respect her . Each season she has put herself in danger over her inability to stay away from particular men . Maybe she will finally make the right choice , pack up her bags , and leave Bon Temps for good . It would be a bold move and sure to anger many fans , but hey -- at least it would be a surprise . Goodbyes suck , but hopefully this one wo n't . The series finale of "  True Blood " airs Sunday at 9 p.m. on HBO , which -- like CNN -- is a unit of Time Warner .	"  True Blood " ends seven-season run on Sunday Viewers wonder if cure for lethal Hep-V will be found Many characters have paired off : Will relationships stick ? Sookie Stackhouse has been at center of many concerns
CNN  -- U.S. military commanders would no longer be permitted to overrule a court-martial judgment in sexual assault cases under reforms approved by the Senate late Thursday . That and other steps to combat sexual assault in the armed forces were included in legislation outlining military priorities for the fiscal year ending September 30 . President Barack Obama said he was giving the military one year to implement reforms in preventing sexual assaults , saying the armed forces need to "  step up their game " in dealing with the issue . "  If I do not see the kind of progress I expect , then we will consider additional reforms that may be required to eliminate this crime from our military ranks and protect our brave service members who stand guard for us every day at home and around the world , " the President said in a statement issued Friday . The National Defense Authorization Act passed on a 84-15 vote . It now goes to the White House for the President 's signature . The sweeping measure that reconciles a similar bill passed by the House last week also includes a compromise to ease limits on transferring terror suspects held at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility to other countries . Obama wants to close Guantanamo , which began housing detainees after the 9/11 attacks . It has been a lightning rod for criticism from civil libertarians and others and the site of high-profile hunger strikes by inmates protesting their treatment . Veteran confronts rape , suicide The legislation would continue to prohibit transfers to the United States . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel noted the new flexibility for detainee transfers overseas and said the Pentagon anticipates that it would "  continue this effort " and "  I think we 're making good progress toward that objective . " The Pentagon has recently revived transfers from the facility , including two announced on Thursday to Sudan . Guantanamo now houses 158 detainees . Another centerpiece of the bill enacts reforms and policy changes aimed at combating sexual assault in the military . A Pentagon report earlier this year revealed a troubling increase in the number of military sexual assault cases . The number of service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30 % over the past two years , according to the report released in May . The Senate bill included more than 30 provisions or changes to military law , including one that would take away the long-held authority of commanders to dismiss a finding by a court-martial . It also establishes minimum sentencing guidelines , requires that sexual offenses be included in military personnel records and eliminates the yearlong statute of limitations on rape and sexual assault . Congress did not adopt a proposal pushed by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , to remove sexual assault prosecution from the chain of command .	NEW : Obama tells military to "  step up their game " or he 'll consider other measures Changes to military law included in sweeping defense bill headed to President 's desk Congress acted after report showed increase in military sexual assault complaints Defense bill also includes compromise to let Pentagon transfer Guantanamo detainees
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Marianela Galli waited 34 years for the men who killed her family to be punished . On Wednesday night , inside a packed courtroom in downtown Buenos Aires , she learned their fates . "  We have justice and these people are going to jail and I can finally walk in the streets without them , " she said . Sixteen former Argentine military officers received sentences ranging from 18 years to life in prison for their roles in human rights abuses committed during Argentina 's 1976 to 1983 dictatorship . The bloody era , when the military used kidnapping , torture and murder to silence dissidents , became known as the "  Dirty War . " The seven-year junta claimed an estimated 30,000 lives . Galli 's parents and grandmother were among the victims . On June 12 , 1977 , 16-month-old Marianela , her mother , Patricia , her father , Mario , and her grandmother , Violeta , were kidnapped from their home in Buenos Aires . They were taken to the Argentine Naval Mechanics School , known as ESMA , the largest and most notorious of dozens of detention centers operated by the Argentine military at that time . After three days in captivity , the military released Galli and gave her to her father 's family . Her parents and grandmother remained inside the ESMA , where they endured two months of torture before being drugged and then thrown alive from an airplane into the chilly waters of the South Atlantic . Thousands perished in the weekly Wednesday "  death flights , " and most of their bodies were never recovered . "  I do n't have my parents with me . I do n't have my grandmother with me . They changed my life against my will and there is nothing I can do about it , " she said . Marianela GalliÂ ´ s story is remarkable , but it is not unique . Five-thousand people passed through the white-washed walls of the ESMA . Most were never seen again . The conclusion of the two-year ESMA trial on Wednesday night provided a sense of closure for victims ' family members and friends , thousands of whom braved chilly spring temperatures outside the courthouse to watch a judge read the sentences on a big-screen television . "  This trial took many years to happen , but thankfully our former president , Nestor Kirchner , embraced the human rights cause . That is why we are here today , " said Tati Almeida , a member of the human rights groups Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo , whose son , Alejandro , was "  disappeared " by the military . The silent marches staged by victims ' mothers and grandmothers first brought the world 's attention to the atrocities taking place in Argentina in the late 1970s . They have continued their efforts to seek justice for the victims ever since . "  This is a very emotional moment for me . It will take me several days to process it . Because from the first accounts I gave years ago up until now , repeatedly testifying and testifying , we now finally have the first sentences , " said Munu Actis , a survivor of the ESMA detention center . As Judge Daniel Obligado read out the sentences , the loudest jeers were reserved for Alfredo Astiz , a former Navy captain whose boyish looks and deceitful ways earned him the nickname the "  Blonde Angel of Death . " Astiz worked as a Navy spy , gaining the trust of human rights activists and then choosing which ones to target for disappearance . Astiz has been unrepentant for his actions , saying he was simply following orders . "  This is not justice , this is a lynching , " he said shortly before his sentencing . Astiz received a life sentence for his role in the deaths of renowned Argentine writer and journalist Rodolfo Walsh , French nuns Alice Domon and Leonie Duquet , and Azucena Villaflor , one of the founders of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo . Mario Galli , Marianela Galli 's father , had come up in the naval ranks together with Astiz before deciding to leave the military because of their increasingly violent tactics . It was a decision that ultimately cost him his life . A French court sentenced Astiz to life in prison in 1990 for the kidnapping and killing of two French nuns . But he remained free for more than a decade . For many years , an amnesty law in Argentina giving former military officials immunity from prosecution over human rights abuses protected him . Galli recalls seeing him one night in 1998 when she was working as a waitress at a Buenos Aires restaurant . Astiz walked in at 1 a.m. and ordered a coffee . "  I felt absolutely helpless when I saw him . I could n't believe that this man who had helped kill my parents was allowed to be free , " she said . The ESMA trial was just one of many taking place in Argentina . Amnesty laws protecting former military officers were stripped in 2005 under the leadership of the late president Nestor Kirchner . His wife and successor , Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , has also been a vocal proponent of putting former officers on trial . This human rights initiative has helped bolster support for Fernandez , who was re-elected to a four-year term on October 23rd with 54 percent of the vote . "  The Kirchners are the ones who have made these trials happen , and I am eternally grateful to them for it , " Jorge Morresi said after the sentencing on Wednesday . His cousin was "  disappeared " in 1977 . The sentencing of the officers took more than one hour to read . When it was finished , thousands outside the courthouse hugged , cried , danced and sang . As she embraced her aunt , Monica , who raised her following her parents ' death , Marianela Galli reflected on the historic day that she had long hoped would arrive . "  This is a different kind of sensation . I am sad , and very happy because justice is coming , finally , " she said .	16 former military officers are sentenced for human rights abuses Woman whose family members were killed : "  We have justice " Victims wait outside the courthouse to watch a judge read the sentences Alfredo Astiz , known as the "  Blonde Angel of Death , " is sentenced to life in prison
CNN  Newly married , Zhang Xun was keen to try for a baby -- at least until friends told her that any child born in the upcoming Year of the Sheep would face a lifetime of bad luck . Perturbed , she convinced her husband to delay their plans to conceive . They now hope to have a baby in 2016 - the Year of the Monkey , according to the Chinese lunar calendar . "  I 'm just superstitious , " she told CNN . One of 12 animals in the Chinese zodiac , the sheep gets a bad rap . Many people believe that sheep babies end up with characteristics associated with their birth signs -- docile and destined to be followers , not leaders . According to one common folk saying , only one in 10 people born in the Year of the Sheep find happiness . Zhang says she had n't heard of the superstition until recently but chooses to believe it nonetheless . She discovered her cousin was a sheep and his parents got divorced , she says . "  I do n't really care what zodiac sign my baby is , but it better not be sheep , " she told CNN . Many couples have rushed to give birth in the current Year of the Horse , thought to be a more auspicious sign , or put off pregnancy , like Zhang , according to media reports . And some hospitals say they 're seeing fewer expectant mothers as the new year approaches . According to the Chinese lunar calendar , the Year of the Sheep  sometimes called ram or goat  begins on February 19 . "  The number of pregnancies registered recently has seen a marked decline , " an obstetric nurse from the International Peace Maternity and Child Health Hospital in Shanghai told CNN . Academics say despite the anecdotal evidence , there 's no reason to believe the birth rate during sheep years varies on a national scale . Duan Chengrong , a professor of demography at Renmin University , analyzed population data from 1954 to 2002 and says that the avoidance of childbirth in sheep years is a "  myth " that does not stand up to analysis . He calls it a "  social phenomenon " that 's more common in northern China than the south . A native of Chongqing , he said he 'd never heard of it when he was a child . However , the perception of bad luck for those born in the Year of the Sheep has become so rife that state media have carried a string of reports in recent months that attempt to debunk the myth . One listed famous people born in the Year of the Sheep . They included Bill Gates , Steve Jobs , Mark Twain , Jay Chou and Zhang Ziyi . It 's not clear exactly how sheep became so maligned . Each of the 12 animals has it virtues and flaws , with the dragon , horse and tiger considered the luckiest . Isaac Yue , who teaches Chinese mythology at the University of Hong Kong , says the sheep was associated with compassion and filial piety -- important qualities praised by ancient scholars but these virtues have fallen out of favor . . "  The modern interpretation is that it 's naive and innocent , " he said . Even those well-versed in the cosmic arts of fortune telling say the weight placed on a baby 's birth year is misguided . "  The month , date and exact time of birth are more important in the lunar calendar than the year , " says Kerby Kuek , a Hong Kong-based practitioner of feng shui . He says he 's often asked by couples to pick the best time to have a baby and some schedule C-sections to secure the luckiest slot . Zhang Xue , a college senior from Beijing , was born in the Year of the Sheep . She said she grew up hearing the myth , but she never believed it . Yet the coming lunar year still means a lot to Zhang . It will be her benmingnian -- her year in the twelve-year cycle that in Chinese tradition is often thought to bring challenges and change . It 's when she will graduate from college and enter the real world , as she puts it . She is both anxious and excited about how things will unfold but Zhang is confident that whatever happens , it will have little to do with her zodiac sign . "  I think my fate is under my control , " she says .	Some Chinese couples are putting off pregnancy to avoid "  sheep babies " Superstition says people born in the Year of the Sheep face bad luck But demographers say no evidence this effects the birth rate
CNN  -- Occupy London protesters who have been camped outside the landmark St. Paul 's Cathedral for the past four months lost their court bid to avoid eviction Wednesday in a decision made by London 's Court of Appeal . Last month , the High Court ruled in favor of the City of London Corporation , the body that runs London 's financial district , which applied for an eviction order after the protesters failed to abide by a previous order to pack up the camp . The Occupy London group then filed an appeal against the ruling at the Court of Appeal . Wednesday , the three judges of the court refused them the permission to appeal . Michael Paget , the lawyer representing the Occupy London group , said the group does n't intend to file another legal challenge . "  The occupy message has been heard and will continue to be heard . It has made a difference and will continue to make a difference . " The activists , who set up camp outside the cathedral October 15 , had been protesting against corporate greed and economic inequality . Many of the tents set up by the Occupy activists around St. Paul 's are on what the corporation designates as a public road . St. Paul 's suspended its own legal action against the activists in November , after a number of senior cathedral figures resigned over the threat to evict them . "  Peaceful protest is a democratic right but the camp is clearly in breach of highway and planning law , " said Stuart Fraser , policy chairman for the City of London Corporation . " I would call on protesters to comply with the decision of the courts and remove their tents and equipment voluntarily right away . "	Last month , the High Court ruled in favor of the group that wanted to evict The Occupy London group then filed an appeal The three judges of the court refused them the permission to appeal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President George W. Bush granted pardons Tuesday to 19 citizens charged with a variety of crimes , but none was prominent . President Bush walks down the White House Collonade on Tuesday as he departs for Camp David . Presidential pardon lists are being closely monitored in the final weeks of the Bush administration , particularly to see whether former vice presidential aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby will be granted the presidential favor . One of the men pardoned is Charles Winters , who died almost 25 years ago . His son had worked on winning a presidential pardon for his dad , who had helped smuggle weapons to Jews fighting in what was then Palestine in the late 1940s . A Protestant from Boston , Massachusetts , Winters spent 18 months behind bars . He was the only U.S. citizen to serve time for helping fly weapons to Jews struggling to create Israel . A 20th person received a commutation of a life sentence for possession of methamphetamine with intent to distribute . That individual , Reed Raymond Prior , was ordered released from prison in February 2009 . He will have served more than 12 years . "  We commend President Bush 's decision to grant a commutation to Reed Prior , who is deserving of a second chance , " Julie Stewart , president of Families Against Mandatory Minimums , said in a written statement . "  Of course , clemencies only underscore the larger problem -- the systemic injustice caused by mandatory minimum sentences that fill the prisons with low-level drug offenders in the first place . " Bush has granted 191 pardons and nine commutations , far fewer than Presidents Clinton and Reagan in their two-term administrations . Read the full list of pardons Among the more notable who have applied for some form of clemency are : • Former Rep. Randall "  Duke " Cunningham , Republican from California , who was convicted of receiving bribes . • Publishing executive Conrad Black , who was found guilty of fraud . • Former junk bold salesman Michael Milken . • Former WorldCom CEO Bernard Ebbers , convicted of accounting fraud . The parents of John Walker Lindh , who was given a 20-year sentence after pleading guilty to supporting terrorists in Afghanistan , held a news conference last week urging Bush to commute their son 's sentence . It is unclear how many more requests Bush may grant before leaving office , although administration officials have said they do not expect any last-minute announcements , as was seen when President Bill Clinton pardoned fugitive financier Marc Rich , setting off a firestorm of controversy . A commutation reduces a convict 's prison term , but the conviction remains on the person 's record . A pardon , however , wipes the slate clean by erasing the record of the conviction . A president has the sole authority to grant clemency and to whom , although a Justice Department office usually reviews applications and makes recommendations after considering standards such as a person 's degree of remorse and ability to lead a responsible and productive life after release . Those applying for a pardon through the Justice Department are required to wait at least five years after their conviction or release from confinement . Roughly 1,300 requests for commutation and 860 pardon applications are still pending . There is a long tradition of presidents issuing pardons and commutations during the holiday season .	President Bush continues a Christmas tradition by issuing pardons Convicted Cheney aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby is not among those pardoned Posthumous pardon issued for man who ran guns to Israeli Jews in late 1940s Life sentence of man convicted of methamphetamine commuted
CNN  -- The city of Fargo , North Dakota , largely completed flood preparations early Thursday as a surging Red River rose nearly 3 feet in 24 hours . The waterway was well beyond its banks along the North Dakota-Minnesota line . "  Thanks to our volunteers , we 've been able to fill a million sandbags and place 700,000 around our city , " Fargo spokeswoman Karena Carlson said early Thursday . "  We 're just buttoning up a lot of our clay levees and putting a few more sandbags in place , and we hope to be protected up to 40 feet . " Several hundred volunteers worked with the National Guard in Fargo to fill those sandbags as the river rose . Flooding where you are ? Share pictures , video Fargo set a record in 2009 when the Red River hit 40.8 feet . As of 9:15 a.m. Saturday , the river stood at 36.56 feet , more than 18 feet above the flood stage of 18 feet and past major flood stage . "  Fortunately , we started filling sandbags March 1st . We thought our crest was going to be the first or second week in April . It turns out our crest is going to be this week , " Carlson said . "  So we did it in just over two weeks . " Floodwaters are forecast to peak at 38 feet Sunday afternoon . Last week , warm weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead , Minnesota , causing the Red River to swell . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , causing water to accumulate near the two cities . Across the river in Moorhead , Tom Holmgren spent Wednesday filling sandbags as Minnesota State University gave students time off to help with the effort . "  Most of my friends have put in at least a couple hours , " said Holmgren , who said sandbagging has become a source of college pride . "  I know there 's a big push in just the college community that 's like , ` Yeah , we 're doing it . We 're saving this town . ' " One man refuses to leave his home About 90 miles south of Fargo in Browns Valley , Minnesota , Kathryn Bartz said Thursday that she 's grateful that a 40-year water diversion project is nearly complete . "  Otherwise I believe we would have washed out a considerable amount of our town , " said Bartz , a former town council member . Browns Valley suffered severe flooding from the winding Little Minnesota River in 2007 , 1993 and 1943 , and lesser floods many other years . Funding and property acquisition problems kept the diversion project -- consisting mainly of a canal to carry overflow around the town -- from being completed , Bartz said . A section of a new road that is part of the project washed out this week , but boulders and rocks were put in place to prevent further erosion , said Bartz , 66 , who owns a hobby ranch outside of town . "  That will be repaired when the water goes down , " she said . "  It 's an inconvenience , but we are grateful that it has worked as well as it has . " Meanwhile , in the Northeast , utility crews made steady progress restoring electricity after a nor'easter -- a powerful low-pressure system -- blasted the region over the weekend . About 40,000 customers in New York , New Jersey and Connecticut remained without power early Thursday , down from a peak of more than 500,000 . "  We recognize the hardship our customers face from being without power for days , " said Jeff Butler , president of Connecticut Light & Power . "  We appreciate everyone 's patience as we continue to safely restore power as quickly as possible . " The outages were caused mostly by power lines downed by Saturday 's hurricane-force winds , which knocked over trees and utility poles . At least seven deaths were attributed to the storm , authorities said . CNN 's Ed Payne and Jim Kavanagh and CNN Radio 's Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .	NEW : Diversion project saves Minnesota town , resident says Volunteers , National Guard fill 1 million sandbags , mayor says River expected to crest Sunday 20 feet above flood stage Power restored to most of Northeast after weekend nor'easter
CNN  -- England coach Fabio Capello has been forced to go back on his previously iron-clad rules in selecting his preliminary squad for the World Cup in South Africa . The Italian has always said he would not pick players who are injured or out of form , but has brought Liverpool 's Jamie Carragher out of international retirement to bolster his defensive options as cover with injury-prone captain Rio Ferdinand and Ledley King also in the 30-man line-up . Neither Carragher nor versatile Tottenham star King have yet played for Capello , who retained his midfield mainstay Gareth Barry despite the Manchester City player being in doubt for the June 12 opener against the United States due to injury . Carragher made himself unavailable in 2007 after not being often used by previous managers Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren despite being regularly named in squads . Blog : Will "  the Force " be with Capello at World Cup ? Capello also asked Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes to become available again following his own international retirement in 2004 , but the 35-year-old turned down the opportunity . "  He said no , he preferred to stay with the family . But I tried , " Capello told the UK Press Association . Liverpool fullback Glen Johnson was named despite being sidelined with injury , while striker Emile Heskey retained his place although he has not been a first-choice selection for his club Aston Villa . Key forward Wayne Rooney was named despite his niggling groin problem , with Tottenham 's Jermain Defoe and Peter Crouch taking the other striking spots along with Sunderland 's 25-goal Darren Bent . Winger Aaron Lennon was included after only recently returning with Tottenham after a long-term absence , as was fellow right-sided player Shaun Wright-Phillips despite his failure to win a regular place at Manchester City , who also have 22-year-old Adam Johnson in the squad . Midfielder Joe Cole also got the nod , having last played for England in 2008 , after a strong end to a season that saw him on the fringe of league champions Chelsea 's first team . Italy 's 2006 World Cup-winning coach Marcelo Lippi has stuck with the players who qualified for South Africa in his 30-man squad , resisting suggestions that he should bring in-form Roma striker Francesco Totti out of international retirement . Totti 's on-loan teammate Luca Toni also missed out along with veteran Juventus forward Alessandro Del Piero , with Villarreal 's Giuseppe Rossi one of seven strikers named . Inter Milan 's controversial Italy under-21 forward Mario Balotelli missed out as Fabio Quagliarella  Napoli  , Vincenzo Iaquinta  Juventus  , Antonio Di Natale  Udinese  , Marco Borriello  Milan  , Alberto Gilardino  Fiorentina  and Giampaolo Pazzini  Sampdoria  were picked . Lippi omitted his former Juventus player Nicola Legrottaglie despite the defender being included in a recent 29-man training squad . France coach Raymond Domenech left out young Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema in his 30-man selection , while the omission of veteran midfielder Patrick Vieira means Thierry Henry is the only survivor from the 1998 World Cup-winning squad . Arsenal midfielder Samir Nasri also missed out , but four of his clubmates in England -- Gael Clichy , William Gallas , Abou Diaby and Bacary Sagna -- were included . However , defender Gallas has been warned by Domenech that he must prove his fitness , having been sidelined since March with a leg injury . Veteran Netherlands striker Ruud Van Nistelrooy has missed out on a place in coach Bert van Marwijk 's 30-man , potentially signaling the end of the 33-year-old 's international career . Van Nistelrooy left Real Madrid to join German club Hamburg to revive his hopes following a serious knee injury , but Van Marwijk said the player had not returned to a high enough level to be selected . "  I told him that we have followed him closely and admire his commitment and dedication to get to the World Cup , " Van Marwijk told AD Sportwereld . "  I believe that Ruud is fit , but after his lengthy knee injury he does not have time to get back to his old level . " Dutch champions Twente have only two players in the squad , which features 14 overseas-based names . Feyenoord defender Giovanni van Bronckhorst , 35 , has announced he will retire after the month-long tournament . Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz named a 24-man squad due to doubts over a couple of players including Real Madrid defender Pepe , who has only just returned to training after being sidelined since December . Goalkeepers Beto and Daniel Fernandes were named as deputies to Braga 's Eduardo despite not playing in any of the qualifiers , but there were no other surprises for the 2006 semifinalists , who will be led by Real superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . Spain coach Vicente del Bosque is giving injured stars Andreas Iniesta , Fernando Torres and Cesc Fabregas every chance to be fit , naming the key trio in a 30-man squad including five goalkeepers . Uncapped Barcelona No. 1 Victor Valdes and Atletico Madrid 's 19-year-old David De Gea were selected along with Real Madrid 's Iker Casillas , Liverpool 's Jose Reina and Diego Lopez of Villarreal . Barcelona winger Pedro Rodriguez , Osasuna defender Cesar Azpilicueta and Athletic Bilbao midfielder Javi Martinez were named despite having won only under-21 caps . Barca 19-year-old Bojan Krkic , who missed Spain 's Euro 2008 success at his own request due to fatigue , has again been omitted . Slovakia defender Martin Skrtel , Filip Holosko and fellow striker Robert Vittek were named in a 29-man squad by coach Vladimir Weiss despite their recent injury problems . Liverpool 's Skrtel has not played for three months since breaking a bone in his foot , while Holosko is struggling to get over a broken leg suffered last year and Vittek -- who is also based in Turkey -- has had a knee problem . Weiss also selected his 20-year-old son and namesake Vladimir of English club Manchester City , who as loaned to Bolton this season . Serbia coach Radomir Antic named just five home-based players in his 30-man squad , with six from English Premier League clubs including key defender Nemanja Vidic of Manchester United . Slovenia boss Matjaz Kek kept faith with the players who helped the small East European nation qualify for the second time when he named his 30-man squad . Denmark coach Morten Olsen picked Thomas Sorensen in his 26-man squad despite the goalkeeper suffered a dislocated elbow on duty with English club Stoke last month . Olsen , who won more than 100 caps as a player and took Denmark to the 2002 World Cup , gave defender Patrick Mtiliga his first call-up since his debut in November 2008 . Greece coach Otto Rehhagel has picked Christos Patsatzoglou and Giorgos Seitaridis despite the duo 's struggles with injuries this season . The German selected nine overseas-based players including qualifying campaign top scorer Theofanis Gekas of Hertha Berlin , Celtic striker Georgios Samaras and Liverpool defender Sotiris Kyrgiakos . Switzerland coach Ottmar Hitzfeld named an experienced 23-man squad for the finals , with seven players in reserve . The German has stuck with the likes of Blaise Nkufo of Dutch champions Twente , fellow striker Alexander Frei and midfielder Hakin Yakin , who are all 30 and above . Defender Philippe Senderos was included despite his lack of action with English club Arsenal , while Sampdoria midfielder Marco Padalino and Kosovo-born Swiss under-21 international Xherdan Shaqiri were also included .	England coach Fabio Capello brings Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher out of retirement Italian names 30-man provisional World Cup squad featuring several injured players Italy coach Marcelo Lippi omits veterans Francesco Totti , Luca Toni and Alessandro Del Piero Spain name injured stars Andreas Iniesta , Fernando Torres and Cesc Fabregas
Tianna Gaines-Turner is so politically active , she gave 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney a questionnaire to answer on policy positions . When he failed to respond , she volunteered on President Barack Obama 's campaign . She also encourages her neighbors to vote . Her activism is persistent despite feeling like she is an ignored component of the American electorate . "  I feel like they 're not talking to me , " Gaines-Turner said of politicians . That 's because she is poor . Her life is not unlike those of millions of Americans who rely on a patchwork of government assistance and near-minimum wage jobs . The mother of a 9-year-old and 6-year-old twins , who was once homeless , finds herself unemployed again because her temporary job at a day care ended on December 2 . Her husband makes $ 8.50 per hour working behind the food counter at a deli ; they struggle to feed their family even with $ 160 per month in food stamp benefits . Opinion : Out of jobs , out of benefits , out of luck Even though she feels disconnected from the political process , Gaines-Turner is politically motivated . If politicians understood what life is like for her and her neighbors , she said , things could get better . "  It 's hurtful because they do n't know what we go through every month , " she said of politicians . Nearly 50 million live in poverty in the United States -- about one out of every six people -- matching or beating some of the highest poverty rates since the 1960s . But it is one of the least discussed topics in national politics . Correspondent 's notebook : Hungry during the holidays An Obama pledge Well into his second term , President Barack Obama has turned his attention to poverty and income inequality . It 's an issue he 's rarely addressed up to this point . In key unemployment benefits vote , Democrats one vote short In his first presidential campaign , poverty was not a focus , but Obama pledged to end childhood hunger by 2015 . He 's far from achieving that . The year Obama made the pledge , a record 31.8 million people received supplemental food benefits . That record has been broken each year since , with more than 47 million people now in the food stamp program . While he has launched a campaign to address income inequality by urging Congress to raise the federal minimum wage and extend expired unemployment benefits , activists said Obama has done little that is substantive . But the issue was around long before Obama took office in 2008 . Fifty years after President Lyndon Johnson launched the War on Poverty , which was a central component of his 1964 campaign , poverty still affects millions of Americans . And the gap between the wealthy and the poor has grown steadily . The top 5 % of households possessed 22.3 % of income in 2012 , compared with 16.3 % in 1968 , according to the Census Bureau . Moreover , a 2011 report by the Congressional Budget Office found that the top 1 % of households have seen after-tax income grow by 275 % since 1979 , compared with 18 % for the bottom 20 % . Those at the low end did not keep up with inflation . The nonpartisan congressional analysts blamed unequal wage distribution and "  less redistributive " government benefits and taxes for increased income inequality . Obama : Wage , income gap eroding American dream Just as problematic to hunger and poverty activists -- and to people like Gaines-Turner -- there is almost no real discussion of issues important to them in Washington , except when they surface in periodic budget wrangling . Dr. Mariana Chilton , an associate professor at Drexel University 's School of Public Health and founder of the Witnesses to Hunger project focusing on "  mothers who know poverty first hand , " said the lack of discussion is detrimental to the poor because winning candidates ca n't be held accountable for promises they never make . "  We 've seen a complete falling away of people in positions of leadership , " she said . But that could change : Dealing with poverty appears to be trending like Miley Cyrus . Progressive candidates Liberals hope 2016 will be different as they push people like Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to run for president . A neophyte politician , Warren is a champion of liberal economic policies . And progressives believe the election of Democrat Bill de Blasio as mayor of New York , the world 's financial capital , is a promising sign the nation may be more ready to discuss issues pertaining to poor people . A populist , de Blasio has stressed a tale of "  two cities " theme that illustrated a division of rich and poor . De Blasio sworn in by Bill Clinton "  The increasing interest on giving everyone in society a fair shake ... could foreshadow the fact that we may be on the cusp of entering a new progressive era , " said Chris Lehane , a Democratic strategist who worked for former President Bill Clinton and presidential candidate Al Gore . Conservatives , too But the push on poverty and income inequality might come from an unexpected corner of American politics : the conservative wing of the Republican Party . Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , a possible 2016 contender , is to address poverty Thursday at an event with NBC News ' Brian Williams , which could be the advent of a public campaign on the issue . For the past year , he has quietly been exploring the theme . He embarked on a listening and learning tour of poor communities across the United States , according to several people who have either accompanied him or discussed it with him . Arthur Books , president of the American Enterprise Institute conservative think tank , said Ryan "  represents a movement and a recognition that in the past five years , people in the bottom half have gone backwards . " Brooks said he has spoken with Ryan , the 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee , about poverty and the issue is something that he wants to tackle . It started less than a month before Romney and Ryan lost the election . While the standard bearer was largely seen as an aloof elitist , Ryan met with a group of low-income people at Cleveland State University . Bob Woodson , an acquaintance of Ryan who runs the Center for Neighborhood Enterprise , a national organization that works with low-income people , said the lawmaker reached out to him after the election , saying he wanted to learn more . Ryan meets with him one day a month in a different city and spends time with poor people , Woodson said . "  It 's been an eye-opener " for Ryan , Woodson said . "  I 've taken him to places that few other representatives have been . " Woodson thinks Ryan will eventually form a poverty agenda , "  but before he does so , he needs to understand what the needs are . " While Ryan is exploring the issue quietly , two other potential 2016 candidates are also highlighting the issue . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky delivered a speech on poverty in Detroit in recent weeks . Evidence that he might be looking to elevate the issue politically is that he chose the Motor City , which is bankrupt despite a resurgence in auto manufacturing . Michigan is also a traditional presidential battleground . Rand Paul : Extending jobless benefits a ` disservice ' And Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is unveiling his anti-poverty agenda this week . The right 's focus on the poor is a strict about-face . The Republican Party is considered unsympathetic to the poor . Current efforts in Congress to sharply cut food stamps and statewide efforts to drug-test welfare recipients exacerbate the perception . If politicians make poverty a central -- or at least one -- component of national campaigns , it would be a significant departure from modern-day politicking . Recent politics Medicare and Social Security often receive widespread attention on the campaign trail because the issues have political advantages . While both are credited for lifting and keeping seniors out of poverty , the programs are available to all seniors . Politicians covet senior voters . Welfare , unemployment benefits and food stamps -- government programs intended to benefit those most in need -- are spread throughout the population and traditionally do n't get as much political exposure . While an expansion of government programs could be risky rhetoric in some political circles -- especially Republican ones -- innovative approaches to address the often-talked about gap between rich and poor and the shrinking middle class have been absent . The only major party candidate recently to make poverty a central theme was Democrat John Edwards , who did so at a time when the economy was perceived to be strong . The former senator fell short in the 2008 presidential primaries against Obama , who spoke in generic broad sweeps about a more just and prosperous citizenship that could simultaneously be appealing to the wealthiest and poorest . Instead , poverty becomes an issue only when a candidate 's dismissal of the poor becomes public . Sutter : The most unequal place in America Romney 's campaign faced a backlash when he said he was "  not concerned " about the very poor . His comment that 47 % of Americans were "  dependent upon the government " also became a political liability . But is political ignorance of poverty calculated ? The middle class supplies the greatest percentage of votes . And if people truly vote their interest , the middle class wants to hear how it would benefit . One voter who was squarely in the middle class said during Edwards ' campaign that she could n't relate to what he was talking about . Lehane , the Democratic strategist , said the poor do n't vote , "  which means their voices are not as loud in the political process as they should be -- especially given the number of children near , at or below the poverty line . " Statistics do show that lower-income people are less likely to vote . According to CNN exit polls , those who made less than $ 15,000 per year made up 6 % of voters in 2008 . More than 13 % of the overall population fell below the poverty line that year . Fueled by a troubled economy , perhaps , politicians are looking to turn that philosophy on its head . Philosophical divide Deep philosophical divides on the best way to address the issue are likely , even if Republicans take it on . Democrats tend to support policies that involve more government and equitable wealth distribution , while Republicans tend to back a "  trickle-down " approach in which stronger upper - and middle-class economies benefit the poor . Acknowledging the issue is the first step , said Woodson , who runs the Center for Neighborhood Enterprise . "  That 's the kind of dialogue that I 'm trying to get going , " he said . "  I 'm trying to get both conservatives and liberals to debate which interventions improve the lives of poor people . " CNNMoney : $ 15 minimum wage supporters vow to fight on	High-profile Republicans are turning their attention to poverty President Obama has shifted his attention to income inequality A low-income mother of three has worked for years to get politicians to discuss poverty Ignorance of poverty by politicians calculated to appeal to a more engaged voting bloc
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- Many have pointed to lessons learned -- and heeded -- from the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Should there be tighter rules about who 's in the cockpit ? That 's happened . Should the Malaysian military have acted more quickly after the airliner went missing nearly four weeks ago ? They 've launched an investigation . Are there better ways to track commercial aircraft -- especially when , as in this case , its transponder is turned off ? An international aviation organization says it will consider "  all of the options . " But as much as things might change because of this mystery , it does n't change the fact that -- for yet another day -- there are 239 families still grieving , still waiting , still venting over authorities ' inability to answer what happened to the Boeing 777 . "  We want to provide comfort to the families and we will not rest until answers are indeed found , " Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Thursday during a visit to a military base near the Australian city of Perth , which has become the hub for search operations . Mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy Yes , authorities have said communications mysteriously , and seemingly purposefully , cut off shortly into the Beijing-bound flight . Yes , satellite data suggests the aircraft turned back over Malaysia before terminating somewhere in the vast southern Indian Ocean . Yet there have been no solid leads about why any of this happened or where the plane ended up . In fact , officials do n't seem to know all that much more on Day 27 after it disappeared sometime after leaving Kuala Lumpur than they did on Day 1 . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Thursday described the search for the plane as "  the most difficult in human history " and warned there was no guarantee it would be found . "  We can not be certain of ultimate success in the search for MH370 , " he said at a news briefing in Perth , standing alongside Najib . "  But we can be certain that we will spare no effort -- that we will not rest -- until we have done everything we humanly can . " All 227 passengers have been cleared of any role in hijacking or sabotage or having psychological or personal issues that might have played a role in the plane 's disappearance , the inspector general of Malaysian police , Khalid Abu Bakar , told reporters Wednesday . Police said Wednesday a review of a flight simulator found in a pilot 's house proved inconclusive . And senior Malaysian government officials told CNN last week that authorities have found nothing about either of the pilots to suggest a motive . There have been no such public comments about the other 10 crew members , however . "  We do n't have enough evidence to take  hijacking , sabotage or many other possibilities  off the table , " Michael Kay , a former British pilot and military officer , told CNN . "  What we need to do is keep an open mind , look at the facts , and keep building the jigsaw puzzle . Because that 's all we have at the moment . " On Thursday , up to eight aircraft will set out looking for telltale debris across an 91,500 square-mile  237,000 square-kilometer  zone , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority says . Up to nine ships will search , including one British submarine racing against time to hear the signature pinging from Flight 370 's flight data recorder . There could be a breakthrough imminently ; a seat cushion , a soda can , a life jacket could be spotted and scooped up , leading to the rest of the plane and , ultimately , to explain what happened . So far , though , nothing has been found . In fact , it might be someone dipping her toes off a beach in Australia or Thailand or Malaysia who first notices something . "  We 'll keep going til hell freezes over , " Kim Beazley , Australia 's former defense minister and current ambassador to the United States , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  It could take months , it could take years . " Official pleads for patience Last Friday , officials announced that -- based on new analysis of satellite data -- they 'd shifted the search area significantly closer to Australia 's northwest coast . It moved again from Tuesday to Wednesday , albeit not as extensively . On Thursday , it moved again , a little farther north . Why ? Beazley explained it 's because "  we 're eliminating areas from our inquiry " and moving to adjacent areas . Yet David Soucie , a CNN safety analyst and author of "  Why Planes Crash , " said "  from the outside looking in , it just does n't seem to make a lot of sense . " "  It just looks like they 're following information and data that they 're not confident in , " Soucie said . Authorities have been upfront about many things they do n't know about Flight 370 -- things like altitude , speed and direction that are key to pinpointing its final resting place . Then there are questions about who and what was aboard . While the passengers were cleared , investigators are still questioning relatives of all of those on the plane -- having already interviewed about 170 people -- as well as those who may have had access to it . That includes scrutinizing those who prepared food for the flight , those who packed the cargo , and those who were to receive the cargo in China . "  Everything from beginning to end , " said Khalid , the Malaysian police official . Police are considering four criminal possibilities : hijacking , sabotage , personal problems and psychological issues , though mechanical failure has n't been ruled out . Khalid stressed getting answers wo n't be easy , nor will it be quick . "  We have to clear every little thing , " said Khalid . "  You can not hurry us in whatever we are doing . " ` We can not let another aircraft simply disappear ' Even without anything definitive , Malaysia Airlines has taken proactive steps to beef up cockpit security , two sources familiar with the airline 's operations told CNN on Wednesday . A new directive says no pilot or first officer is allowed to sit alone in the cockpit . Whenever one of them is outside the cockpit , a senior cabin steward must remain inside . "  These changes are positive in nature and directly relate to the MH370 incident , " one of the sources told CNN . This policy is n't new everywhere : It 's long been in place for the United States , experts note . "  What they put in place is pretty common sense , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . Other reforms could be coming as well , and not just affecting Malaysia Airlines . Tony Tyler , director general and CEO of the International Air Transport Association , in a recent speech pointed to "  disbelief both that an aircraft could simply disappear and that the ` black box ' is so difficult to recover . " He added , "  We can not let another aircraft simply disappear . " Toward that end , the association will form a task force that will include participation by the International Civil Aviation Organization to "  examine all of the options available for tracking commercial aircraft " and then to report its conclusions by December . A second lesson concerns security , Tyler said , citing the fact two passengers with phony passports were able to board the missing jetliner unchallenged . Though these two men have since been cleared , the incident underscores a need for governments to do better checking passenger lists , he said . "  Airlines are neither border guards nor policemen ; that is the well-established responsibility of governments . " Family members still have questions Such changes are all well and good . But they wo n't bring back the scores thought to have perished on Flight 370 . On Wednesday , families of 18 Chinese passengers -- out of 154 Chinese aboard -- met privately in Kuala Lumpur for three hours with Malaysian government officials and investigators . The meeting had been called after they accused Malaysia of not being upfront about the investigation . Families of newlyweds still waiting Azharuddin Abdul Rahman , head of Malaysia 's civil aviation department , said it was "  a very good meeting . " "  We answered all their questions . " The families ' representative saw it differently . "  I personally believe today 's meeting had some progress , but the time was short and family members did n't have an opportunity to raise questions , " said Jiang Hui . Questions , questions , questions . There 's no shortage of them . Chief among them is will the flight data recorder be found before batteries on its locator beacon die -- which , according to its design standards , would happen April 7 . Experts agree that it wo n't be easy , given all the unknowns . "  They are looking in a vast area in very deep waters ... and we really have no idea where it went in , " said Bill Schofield , an Australian scientist who helped create the flight data recorders that , if found , could prove key to the investigation . "  A needle in a haystack would be much easier to find . " 6 missteps in the investigation Ocean Shield : A mission of hope in search for Flight 370 Flight 370 : High-tech search tools CNN 's Greg Botelho and Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Judy Kwon and Jim Clancy reported from Kuala Lumpur ; CNN 's Holly Yan , Sara Sidner , Shimon Prokupecz , David Fitzpatrick , Barbara Starr , Will Ripley , Richard Quest , Nic Robertson , Mitra Mobasherat , Kyung Lah , Jethro Mullen and Yuli Yang also contributed to this report .	NEW : The search is "  the most difficult in human history , " Australia 's Abbott says "  We will not rest until answers are indeed found , " Malaysian PM says Australian ambassador : Focus moves due to searchers "  eliminating areas " Official : All 227 passengers have been cleared of hijacking , psych issues
CNN  -- Javier Zanetti equaled Inter Milan 's Serie A appearance record as the Italian champions continued their revival under new coach Leonardo with a 4-1 win over Bologna on Saturday . The 37-year-old midfielder matched the mark of 519 league games set by Giuseppe Bergomi in 1999 , having passed 700 in all competitions in the black and blue of the Nerazzuri in May 's Champions League final win over Bayern Munich . He will have the record to himself if he plays in Wednesday 's home match against Cesena . "  There is no end to the positive things to say about Zanetti , he is a wonderful athlete and human being . He was my first signing , " said Inter president Massimo Moratti , who brought the former Argentina international to the San Siro in 1995 . But it was one of the club 's more recent signings who inspired a win which lifted Inter into fourth above Roma on goal difference and eight points adrift of leaders AC Milan , who travel to Lecce on Sunday night . Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o set up Dejan Stankovic 's 20th-minute opener and scored a second-half double to take his tally to 23 for the season in just 26 games in all competitions . Stankovic provided a perfect throughball that allowed Diego Milito to score the second goal on the half-hour , with the Argentine having headed against the near post early in the match . Milito 's clever backheel provided Eto'o with a one-two into the area in the 63rd minute and the former Barcelona star slotted home a right-foot effort . The four-time African player of the year made it 4-0 with 19 minutes to play as he curled in a freekick , while Henry Gimenez scored a consolation six minutes later for the visitors -- who remained in 15th place after being penalized three points earlier this week for infringing rules over tax and player payments . It was the fourth successive victory for Brazilian Leonardo , who replaced the sacked Rafael Benitez last month . Second-placed Napoli could have closed to within a point of Leonardo 's former club Milan with victory at home to mid-table Fiorentina , but ended up being held to a frustrating goalless draw . It was a disappointing result following last weekend 's 3-0 win over Juventus .	Javier Zanetti makes his 519th Italian league appearance for Inter Milan Veteran midfielder matches mark set by Giuseppe Bergomi as Inter beat Bologna Samuel Eto'o scores twice in second half and sets up another goal in 4-1 victory Second-placed Napoli held 0-0 at home by mid-table Fiorentina earlier on Saturday
CNN  -- Google Maps are getting personal . The next version of the widely used maps tool , previewed on Wednesday at the Google I/O conference in San Francisco , will soon have a different look and some splashy new features including displays of real-time accidents and personalized recommendations . The new Maps is only in beta , but people interested in testing it can sign up for an invitation at google.com/maps/preview . Here 's a closer look at the new upgrades : Customized maps Each click subtly alters the map so it displays more personalized information , highlighting things that are relevant specifically to the person searching and what they 're looking for . Click on a sandwich shop and a box appears showing details such as reviews from Zagat and your friends . Related eateries nearby pop up on the map . Using your search history , reviews and network of friends , Google makes recommendations of places it thinks you will enjoy . The more you use the map , the more data it collects for these types of recommendations . Google is also adding offers for companies like Starbucks , so when you look up where the nearest coffee shop is you can stumble into a coupon for $ 2 off your next Frappuccino . Smarter navigation Navigation has always been one of Google Maps ' strong points , particularly when it comes to alternative forms of transportation like public transit and biking . A collection of navigation improvements focus on finding the best , speediest route to a destination in real time . Not sure if you should bike , drive or take a train ? Maps has a new schedule viewer that lines up all the options to help you decide . It will no longer be necessary to do a search for a start or end address -- you can click on the map and instantly see the driving routes . Car accidents will appear on the map in real time . Live updates on road conditions have been popular with drivers , as we 've seen with Waze , a popular navigation app that crowd sources road information . Google will also add dynamic rerouting , automatically finding an alternate route that avoids traffic-slowing incidents . Graphic redesign The redesigned Maps will let Google 's sleek-looking maps and vast library of photos shine . Text takes a back seat in this version . Images from Google Street View , user-submitted photos and fun Google projects like underwater view and interior 3-D tours are all highlighted , while the map itself fills the page . The final , neatest new feature is also the least practical . Zoom all the way out on Google Maps and you 'll see the Earth floating in space against a backdrop of stars . The cloud cover moving over the planet , as well as the position of the sun and stars , are all shown as they are in real time . Google Maps has clients that pay to use the maps data in their own products , like mobile apps and websites , often designing and creating their own unique offerings . The updates , along with other under-the-hood improvements , will be available to these more than 1 million products that use Google Maps data over the next few months .	Google Maps to roll out redesign with better navigation tools and a view from space Incidents that might affect traffic will be shown on the map in real time The maps will be personalized , showing custom information for each click
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Encouraged by results so far , BP and the government agreed Saturday to another 24 hours of testing of the recently recapped Gulf well . BP 's 48-hour window for pressure testing expired Saturday afternoon with no reports of flowing oil or evidence that the giant sealing cap caused further damage . The testing will now go into Sunday afternoon . Retired Adm. Thad Allen , the government 's response manager , said once testing is eventually stopped "  we will immediately return to containment , using the new , tighter sealing cap with both the -LSB- vessels -RSB- Helix Producer and the Q4000 . " Pressure was still rising Saturday though it had slowed considerably as expected , BP Senior Vice President Kent Wells said earlier in the day . Officials are looking at the testing in six-hour windows . "  The longer the test goes the more confidence we have in it , " Wells told reporters in a conference call Saturday . "  There 's no evidence we do n't have integrity . " Higher pressure means oil is not leaking out from another source in the well . Lower pressure would indicate otherwise . A National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminstration sonar ship has been brought in to monitor the sea floor around the well , Allen said in a statement . "  The pressure in the capping stack continues to increase very slowly and we want to continue to monitor this progress . " The latest pressure reading inside the well was 6,745 psi  pounds per square inch  , Wells said . That falls short of the optimal 8,000 to 9,000 psi needed in order to conclude without doubt the well is not leaking . "  Based on the data and pressure readings compiled to date , the test has provided us with valuable information which will inform the procedure to kill the well and a better understanding of options for temporary shut-in during a hurricane , " Allen said . Allen said Friday that the rising pressure readings were generally good news . But he added , "  I think we 're at a point where there 's enough uncertainty about the meaning of the pressure that we 're seeing that we have to use due diligence moving forward . We do n't want to do harm or create a situation that can not be reversed . " Reopening the valves would allow oil to once again flow into the Gulf and recovery operations from the surface to resume . No oil has gushed out since Thursday when BP closed all the valves in a new custom-made cap that was lowered into place earlier in the week . The undersea video images of a quiet ocean sprouted new hope in the hearts of Gulf Coast residents devastated by three months of disaster . Still , they remained cautiously optimistic , as did officials including Allen and President Barack Obama , until BP is able to announce conclusive test results . Engineers and scientists intensified monitoring of the well , pouring over images and data collected by robots , sonar scans and seismic and acoustic examinations . A government ship is in the area , fitted with equipment for detecting methane gas , which would be an indication of a leak . The well integrity test began Thursday after two days of delays , first as government scientists scrutinized testing procedures and then as BP replaced a leaking piece of equipment known as a choke line . The oil stopped gushing out Thursday afternoon , the first time the energy giant has been able to gain control since the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded April 20 and triggered the catastrophe . All that was made possible by a new , tightly fitting containment cap . Meanwhile , BP restarted work on drilling two relief wells . Wells said Saturday that the first relief well is now about five feet away from the ruptured Macondo well and an intersection will occur by the end of July . BP then plans to pump mud and cement down to kill the ruptured well . "  We are feeling very good at this point on how the well is lining up , " Wells said . When they are ready , mud and cement will be pumped into one of the relief wells to permanently seal BP 's crippled well . In the coming weeks , BP also plans to bring in two more oil collection ships in addition to the two already in the Gulf , bringing containment capacity to 80,000 barrels  about 3.4 million gallons  of oil a day , more than high-end estimates of how much oil had been leaking . But it 's possible some oil may be released into the Gulf again , before all the ships are ready . The skimming vessel "  A Whale , " which underwent extensive testing , was found unsuited for the task and will not be deployed , Adm. Paul Zukunft said . President Obama spoke about the developments with a note of caution . "  I think it 's important that we do n't get ahead of ourselves here , " he said . "  You know , one of the problems with having this camera down there is that when the oil stops gushing , everybody feels like we 're done , and we 're not . We wo n't be done until we actually know that we killed the well and have a permanent solution in place . " The president expects to return to the Gulf Coast in the next few weeks . He took some heat from some corners on Saturday for taking a vacation in Maine instead of heading to revisit oil-affected areas . First Lady Michelle Obama is slated to return to the region Friday to meet with Coast Guard personnel who 've been responding to the oil spill and to christen a Coast Guard cutter named in honor of Dorothy Stratton , the service branch 's first female commissioned officer .	NEW : Government , BP encouraged by well pressure testing Testing will continue ; pressure is still rising , though slowly Scientists are pouring through undersea images and data No oil has gushed into the Gulf since Thursday
Istanbul  CNN  -- Less than two months before voters are expected to go to the polls in national elections , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan Wednesday announced ambitious plans to dig a new canal through Istanbul that would bypass the existing Bosphorus Strait . "  Today we are rolling up our sleeves for one of the biggest projects of the century , which will outshine the Panama and Suez Canals , " Erdogan said at a party conference . The proposed Istanbul Canal would run for more than 45 kilometers , or about 28 miles , from the Black Sea through Turkey 's largest city and commercial capital , to the Marmara Sea -- roughly parallel to the Bosphorus Strait , the natural body of water that already bisects Istanbul . The Panama Canal is 77 kilometers  roughly 48 miles  in length , while the Suez Canal in Egypt is more than 190 kilometers  118 miles  long . Erdogan said one of the goals of the proposed canal would be to reduce the huge amount of international cargo ships that regularly traverse the congested Bosphorus . "  One of the most important reasons for this project will be to reduce Bosphorus traffic and minimize threats , " Erdogan said , in comments published on the prime minister 's official web-site . More than a 100 ships a day sail up and down the Bosphorus . Many of them carry dangerous cargos of crude oil and liquefied petroleum gas  LPG  . The fast currents and narrow bends in the historic channel have led to several accidents on the banks of Turkey 's most populous city . The deadliest incident took place in 1979 , when a Romanian oil tanker exploded after colliding with another vessel , killing dozens of people and leaking tons of oil into the sea . In his speech Wednesday , Erdogan conceded that critics in the Turkish media had referred to his plan as a "  crazy project . " "  With this project , there will be two seas running through Istanbul , " he said , adding that the canal would result in the creation of a man-made island and another peninsula . The prime minister said the proposed canal would be 145 meters  475 feet  wide and 25 meters  82 feet  deep . But he stopped short of announcing the exact route of the proposed waterway . The location and financing of the project would be kept secret , Erdogan said , to "  prevent any negativity and unfairness and injustice . "	The proposed canal will be 45 kilometers long , the prime minister says Erdogan would n't reveal the exact route He says the project will rival the Panama and Suez canals
CNN  -- Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced just days before leaving office that the Pentagon is extending some benefits to the same-sex partners of service members . Same-sex partners who sign a military "  Declaration of Domestic Partnership " form will be eligible for several benefits , including military identification cards as dependents . This would allow them unescorted status on bases , access to commissaries , and the right to visit their partners in military hospitals . They will also be able to receive many survivor benefits , including life insurance payments . The Pentagon believes there may be 5,600 troops on active duty seeking such benefits , as well as 3,400 National Guard troops and 8,000 retirees . Marine Corps to spouse clubs : Allow same-sex members or you do n't operate on base The changes are expected to go into affect no later than October 1 , 2013 . The move had been expected for weeks and is widely seen as part of Panetta 's effort to finish as much as he can in extending benefits to gays and lesbians before leaving the Pentagon . Facing legal limitations around the Defense of Marriage Act , some benefits will not be extended . This includes health care coverage , Pentagon officials said . "  One of the legal limitations to providing all benefits at this time is the Defense of Marriage Act , which is still the law of the land . There are certain benefits that can only be provided to spouses as defined by that law , which is now being reviewed by the United States Supreme Court , " Panetta said in a statement . Out -- but not in The Defense of Marriage Act defines marriage as that between a man and a woman . Federal courts have ruled it unconstitutional and the Supreme Court has agreed to hear an appeal . Pentagon officials briefing reporters on the change also said the agency did not extend housing benefits to same sex-couples . This was due in part to feedback from troops who felt they might have problems getting military housing , which is in short supply at times . But there may also be legal issues to be resolved before such housing can be granted . Same-sex married couple sues federal government in DOMA case	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta extending some benefits Life insurance , certain military base privileges , hospital visits part of package Defense of Marriage Act prevents eligibility for health insurance , other benefits Changes take place no later than next October
Strict building codes and the preparedness of millions of Chileans who live along an arc of volcanoes and fault lines likely kept the death toll -- only six by Wednesday afternoon -- low after an 8.2-magnitude earthquake rumbled offshore and prompted a tsunami , observers said . Officials said four of those whose deaths were blamed on the quake late Tuesday that triggered landslides , power outages , and a tsunami suffered heart attacks , while two others were crushed . "  They 're a seismically active region of the world and they are very good at implementing their building codes similar to California , " John Bellini , a Denver-based geophysicist at the U.S. Geological Survey told CNN on Wednesday . He added , "  Because of that , you would see less damage than in other places that have poorer building codes ... . that 's probably one of the reasons there have n't been as many casualties as there could have been from a magnitude earthquake of this size . " Nearly 928,000 people were evacuated , said Ricardo Toro , director of Chile 's office of national emergency . More than 2,500 homes sustained serious structural damage in the region around the northern port city of Iquique , the mayor of Alto Hospicio , Ramon Galleguillos , told reporters . Most of the homes were built with poor workmanship through government subsidies , Galleguillos said . Alto Hospicio is about a mile from Iquique , 60 miles southeast from the epicenter of the quake . A 7.6-magnitude aftershock struck the region late Wednesday . There was no immediate word on damage or injuries . Chilean President Michelle Bachelet , who toured the region Wednesday , praised local authorities for responding in an "  exemplary manner " to a powerful earthquake and the tsunami that followed . "  This is a great example to all of us that when we work together in an adequate manner and we when we follow the plans that have been established in the region , we work well , " Bachelet said . Chile is in one of the most earthquake-prone regions in the world . The country sits on an arc of volcanoes and fault lines circling the Pacific Ocean known as the "  Ring of Fire , " according to Mark Simons , a geophysicist at Caltech in Pasadena , California . This area sees frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . Since 1973 , Chile has had more than a dozen quakes of magnitude-7 .0 and above . Simons said Tuesday 's quake occurred as the fault line along Chile 's coast has constantly shifted in the last 140 years . In recent weeks , this area has seen a cluster of activity -- something like 50 to 100 smaller quakes . Then , late last month , a 6.7 - and a 6.1-magnitude quake struck . The keys to surviving the big ones Chile has over the years implemented strict building codes and rigorous evacuation plans , experts said . "  People are more familiar with them , " Bellini said of the temblors . "  They , in general , know what to do as part of their daily lives , plus the building codes are fairly well-enforced in Chile . It 's in their culture . " In February 2010 , about 500 people died when an 8.8-magnitude earthquake hit . That quake was so violent , it moved one whole Chilean city about 10 feet west . One month earlier , the importance of strict building codes was underscored when Port-au-Prince , Haiti , was hit by a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake that leveled 70 % of the Haitian capital 's structures and killed at least 230,000 people . "  That 's actually a perfect example of the differences in building codes and enforcement in two different regions , " Bellini said . "  Any place that has a magnitude 7 or an 8 is going to have some kind of damage . However , the building codes play a large part in the damage and destruction that is seen , as well as the casualty level . Population density plays an important part as well -- but the building codes are really what can save lives in areas that have large earthquakes . " In a 2011 report , the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction credited Chile 's "  strict building codes " with playing "  a large part in protecting people . " "  The key to surviving high magnitude quakes is to live and work in seismically safe buildings , while being aware of how nature around us can also change , " Margareta Wahlstrom , U.N. special representative of the secretary-general for disaster risk reduction , said in the report . The report found that Haiti 's quake , which struck closer to the surface than in Chile , was "  no match for the homes and buildings . " "  In Haiti , in addition to -LSB- lack of strict -RSB- building codes , you have a population that does n't have a regular historical experience of large quakes like this , " Bellini said . "  Last time there was a quake in Haiti that size was 100 plus years ago and they do n't have large regular seismic activity plus the building codes are not there . " He added , "  In Chile , they 're better prepared . Whether it 's in their mind every single moment of the day , I 'm sure it 's not . But in general , their infrastructure and their population is much more prepared for it . " Steven Godby , an expert in disaster management at Nottingham Trent University in England , praised the Chile 's disaster preparedness , saying an estimated 500,000 people participated in a drill in May 2012 in the coastal region of Valparaiso . "  The government of Chile has been working hard to improve the awareness of people living along the coast to the threat from tsunamis and on what to do if one is approaching , " Godby said in a statement . "  Several tsunami drills have taken place since the tsunami that killed an estimated 500 -LSB- - plus -RSB- Chileans in February 2010 and recent earthquakes in the region have helped to keep the threat firmly in people 's minds . " Chile 's big quake is not California 's fault , scientists say Inmates turn themselves in after temblor In Chile on Tuesday , landslides damaged roads in some regions . Power and phone outages were reported in others . The tsunami following the quake was similar to "  high tide , " Galleguillos added . Bachelet huddled with regional authorities as images broadcast from the affected region showed deep cracks across paved roads and a crumpled coastline strewn with beached boats . Bachelet said Chile faced the "  first emergency hours very well " and Defense Minister Jorge Burgos said things were calm on Wednesday . He said the military had been dispatched throughout the quake zone to ensure safety . Some 300 relief personnel were deployed in Iquique , which has a population of more than 200,000 , Burgos said . Of 293 inmates who escaped from prison in Iquique , 131 had turned themselves in voluntarily . Although the temblor was powerful , geologists say an even larger quake could be lurking . "  This magnitude , 8.2 , is not the large earthquake that we were expecting in this area , " said Simons . "  We 're expecting a potentially even larger earthquake . " It could be tomorrow . Or it could come in 50 years . "  We do not know when it 's going to occur , " he said . The quake struck around 8:46 p.m. local time and had a depth of 12.5 miles , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued several warnings but canceled them by early Wednesday . Tsunami watches initially extended as far north as Mexico 's Pacific Coast were called off as well . Tsunami waves of more than 6 feet washed ashore on the coast of Pisagua , said the center 's Victor Sardino . Iquique saw 7-foot waves . An earthquake of the scale that struck Tuesday night is capable of causing tremendous damage . So if the initial reports stand , Chile may have dodged a catastrophe . On March 16 , a 6.7-magnitude quake struck about 37 miles west-northwest of Iquique . A 6.1-magnitude quake hit the same area a week later . Chile quake : This was big but a bigger one awaits , scientist says	7.6-magnitude aftershock strikes late Wednesday Quake triggered small landslides , cut power and generated a tsunami President : "  The country has faced these first emergency hours very well " About 300 prisoners escaped in the northern port city of Iquique , but 131 surrendered
CNN  -- If you 're dreaming of a white Christmas -- much like the one Bing Crosby , Danny Kaye , Rosemary Clooney and Vera-Ellen used to know at the Columbia Inn in Pine Tree , Vermont -- the humbug of the matter is : Neither the inn nor the town exist . You better not pout , though . There are still a few of the season 's favorite film locales that you can visit in real life : The Parker family 's house in "  A Christmas Story " If you find yourself in the vicinity of Cleveland and a fanatic of the 1983 cult holiday classic "  A Christmas Story , " make a pit stop at the Parker family 's house , which is open for public tours complete with a museum and gift shop directly across the street . If fawning over the "  I-can ` t-put-my-arms-down " snowsuit and the "  Oh fuuuuuudge ! " family Oldsmobile is n't quite enough movie magic , visitors can buy leg lamps at the gift shop for their very own "  soft glow of electric sex gleaming in the window . " Or if you 're feeling extra rebellious , Red Ryder , carbine action , 200-shot range model air rifles are also available . Bedford Falls from "  It 's a Wonderful Life " The town of Bedford Falls in the 1946 classic "  It 's a Wonderful Life " may have been fictional and created on soundstages for filming in Encino , California , but the folks in Seneca Falls , New York , claim their tiny mill town was director Frank Capra 's inspiration for the cinematic community .  He is believed to have visited the town in 1945 . Visitors are encouraged to celebrate the film 's ties each December by taking part in a movie-themed walking tour and judging the similarities for themselves . Stand on the steel Bridge Street Bridge , similar to the one that Jimmy Stewart 's character , George Bailey , leapt from in the movie to "  save " his guardian angel , Clarence Odbody , or stroll down the streetlamp-lined main street . If you feel like making a weekend in New York 's Finger Lakes region , opt to stay in one of the 48 rooms in the newly opened Hotel Clarence , named after Bailey 's guardian angel . The McCallister residence from "  Home Alone " While you ca n't go through all Buzz 's private stuff  or inside the house for that matter , unless you 're in the market for a new home  , you can do a drive-by like your favorite Wet Bandits , Harry and Marv , of the McCallister residence approximately 15 miles north of downtown Chicago in the Winnetka suburb . The home , built in the 1920s , is listed for sale at $ 1,950,000 , and still features the recognizable staircase just inside the front door in case indoor sledding is one of your favorite pastimes . Serendipity restaurant from "  Serendipity " Part holiday movie , part romantic comedy , this 2001 film starring John Cusack and Kate Beckinsale opens during the peak of the holiday shopping rush with the then-strangers attempting to buy the last pair of black cashmere gloves at Bloomingdale 's . After initial sparks , the smitten characters , both in relationships , spend the rest of the evening together in New York . The title of the movie itself is equal parts definition of serendipity -- Merriam-Webster lists it as "  the faculty or phenomenon of finding valuable or agreeable things not sought for " -- and the New York restaurant where the two fated lovers partake in frozen hot chocolate and eventually part ways  only to be reunited by a series of fortunate accidents by the end of the film  . If you 've got a sweet tooth and an even sweeter romantic side , the cafe , Serendipity 3 , is open until midnight Sunday through Thursday , 1 a.m. on Fridays and 2 a.m. on Saturdays . After all , you never know who you may be waiting with in the line that stretches down East 60th Street . Macy 's from "  Miracle on 34th Street " The actual miracle on 34th Street in the 1947 movie , as well as the 1994 remake , takes place at 151 West 34th Street to be exact , Macy 's flagship store in New York 's Herald Square . Since 1924 , the department store kicks off the Christmas shopping season with its annual Thanksgiving Day Parade , culminating with the arrival of Santa Claus at the parade 's finale . After the parade and until Christmas Eve , children can visit the "  nice man with the white beard " like Susan Walker and tell Santa what they 'd like for Christmas . If you ca n't make it to New York , every Macy 's across the country has a letterbox for stamped letters to the North Pole . As a bonus , each letter received will generate a $ 1 donation to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .	There 's "  A Christmas Story " museum in Ohio near the house featured in the film Seneca Falls , New York , believes it 's the town in "  It 's a Wonderful Life " Romance your sweetie over desserts at the cafe featured in "  Serendipity "
St. Louis , Missouri  CNN  -- An employee at a transformer manufacturing company opened fire on his co-workers Thursday , killing three people before turning the gun on himself , police said . Five other ABB Inc. employees were wounded in the shooting in the company 's factory in St. Louis , police said . A law enforcement official identified the suspect as Timothy Hendron . Hendron is among a group of ABB employees listed in a lawsuit filed in 2006 against administrators of the company 's retirement plan . The suit , filed in federal court , accuses the administrators of , among other things , causing the plan to include "  unreasonable and excessive " fees and expenses , paid by participants , without their knowledge and not used for their benefit or that of the plan . Linda Siegfried , a spokesman for the law firm representing the plaintiffs , confirmed to CNN that Hendron was among the plaintiffs , although his name is spelled three different ways in court documents . A trial on the matter is taking place in Kansas City , Missouri , Siegfried said . She did n't know whether Hendron would have been required to be present . Online federal court records show the trial began Tuesday . Siegfried would not comment further except to say the firm offers its concern for the welfare of the victims . The shooting occurred just before 6:30 a.m. Arriving officers were told that a man had entered the building with a rifle and a handgun , and that several people had been shot , police said . "  Police made a perimeter around the business and located those victims who needed medical attention , " a St. Louis Metropolitan Police statement said . Of the five at area hospitals , three victims were in critical condition and two in fair condition , police said . KSDK : Four dead , five wounded at ABB Power Authorities conducted a room-to-room search of the large building , as well as surrounding buildings at the ABB complex , the statement said . Interstate 70 and surface streets in the area were initially shut down . ABB spokesman Bob Fesmire said earlier that about 100 employees work at the facility , but some of them were unable to come in Thursday because of heavy snow . CNN 's Kara Devlin , Ashley Hayes and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Timothy Hendron opened fire on co-workers , turned gun on himself , police say Three others dead , three critically injured and two in fair condition , officials say Hendron is part of group of employees who sued company 's retirement plan administrators
CNN  -- Step aside Iowa and fried butter -- there is a new national fried treasure to feast upon . The country 's first deep-fried cheeseburger is making its debut among at least 30 other varieties of hamburgers served by 15 different vendors at the National Hamburger Festival in Akron , Ohio , this weekend . "  We cook the cheeseburger , put it on a bun and dip it in batter before dropping it in a deep fryer , " said Drew Cerza , the festival 's founder . Cerza came up with the idea for a deep-fried burger alongside a chef at a local burger restaurant . He wanted to combine two of his favorite things -- hamburgers and chicken wings . Cerza said the special batter is a cross between funnel-cake batter and pancake batter , making the deep-fried cheeseburger both sweet and savory . "  We 'll serve it with a side of Lipitor , " Cerza said with a laugh . The Hamburger Festival started six years ago in Akron , one of at least four places that claim to be the birthplace of the burger . Local lore has it that in 1885 , Akron natives Frank and Charles Menches created the sandwich after they ran out of pork and were forced to use ground beef while serving concessions at the Buffalo Fair . "  I just said , ` Let 's just do it  in Akron  and stake the claim , ' " Cerza said . Recognizing the controversy surrounding the burger 's birthplace , Cerza staged "  Hamburger Hearings , " during the festival 's first year and allowed each of the four cities , Seymour , Wisconsin ; Athens , Texas ; and New Haven , Connecticut , to send representatives to make their case to a "  burger commission . " After deliberations , the jury was hung and an online poll had to be taken , naming Seymour , Wisconsin , the home of the hamburger by popular vote . "  We had a lot of fun with it , " Cerza said , "  Everyone is very proud of their influence on the hamburger . " Still , he says , with hamburger chains White Castle and Wendy 's beginning in the state , it 's tough to deny that "  Ohio is a hamburger state . " The festival is expected to attract 20,000 people over the weekend . Most visitors are regional , but Cerza said the universal appeal of the hamburger has prompted road trips from all over the country . "  This festival is America , " Cerza said . "  It includes all demographics of everybody , just like the hamburger . " This year 's two-day festival includes live performances from a Jimmy Buffett cover band , a beauty pageant and , likely the messiest event of the weekend , bobbing for burgers in a pool full of ketchup . Cerza came up with the "  bobbing for burgers , " event after a trip to Wal-Mart . "  I saw kiddie pools on sale , and ketchup one row over , " Cerza said . "  The idea just sort of came to me . " For the third year in a row , Christy Sinko took home the title , retrieving 26 foam hamburgers from the ketchup filled kiddie pool . Sinko , a second grade teacher from Medina , Ohio , said her prize is a year 's worth of "  bragging rights , " but Cerza said his contest proves that , "  people will do anything for a free T-shirt . " While Sinko said there is n't a whole lot she does to prepare for the bobbing for burgers event , she says , "  the key to winning is not being afraid to get dirty . " Also a winner at this year 's festival was Akron firefighter Matt Askea , who won the hamburger eating contest , finishing off one Menches quarter pounder  with a bun  and 10 patties in five minutes .	The festival began six years ago in Akron The country 's first deep-fried cheeseburger is making its debut this weekend Akron is one of four cities to claim to be the birthplace of the burger
New York  CNN  -- Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg announced Friday he is donating $ 100 million toward improving public schools in Newark , New Jersey . "  Every child deserves a good education , and right now it 's not happening " Zuckerberg said . His donation will be the first grant handed out by his new foundation , Startup : Education , an entity financed by him and focused on bettering education in the United States . Zuckerberg appeared on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " on Friday , alongside Newark Mayor Cory Booker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Booker told Winfrey that Zuckerberg wanted the donation to be anonymous at first , but was persuaded to make the announcement public , hoping it would inspire others to donate as well . With an estimated net worth of $ 6.9 billion , Zuckerberg ranked 35th on this year 's Forbes 400 list of richest Americans -- up from 158th last year . At 26 , he and Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz are the youngest billionaires on the list . The announcement comes a week ahead of the release of "  The Social Network " -- a highly anticipated movie about the early years of the social networking powerhouse . The movie and the book it is based on -- "  The Accidental Billionaires " by Ben Mezrich -- do not depict Zuckerberg in the most favorable of lights . Responding to critics who have suggested that the donation is being timed to counteract the effects of the movie , Zuckerberg said : "  It 's a movie . It 's fun . A lot of it is fiction ... This is my life . I know that it 's not that dramatic . " But some in the tech community say that , regardless of the timing , Zuckerberg 's gift could have far-reaching ramifications on charitable giving . "  Skeptics might question the timing of the move , but it would be foolish to underestimate the significance of the gesture -- not only in its direct impact on public schools , but in its lasting imprint upon the technology industry , " wrote Pete Cashmore , CEO of social media blog Mashable in a column for CNN . "  Zuckerberg 's donation should be praised , as it will likely provide inspiration to the growing ranks of newly minted technology founders , " he said . According to Booker , 50 percent of high school students in Newark do not graduate . Booker and Christie hope that their new plan will provide a model for education reform nationwide . Control of Newark public schools has been in the hands of the state since 1995 . Under an agreement between Mayor Booker and Governor Christie , the state will maintain legal control over the district , but will authorize the mayor to develop a comprehensive education plan . Zuckerberg grew up in Westchester County , New York , and founded Facebook in 2004 , while studying computer science at Harvard University . CNN.com 's Doug Gross contributed to this story .	Facebook founder appears on "  Oprah " Newark schools will get the money Zuckerberg has a net worth of $ 6.9 billion The donation comes ahead of the release of a critical movie and a book
CNN  -- Three years after Haiti 's devastating earthquake , more than a third of the country 's hospitals are still not functional . A cholera outbreak has killed more than 7,000 people and overwhelmed the already-reeling health care system . Three out of the four medical schools in Haiti were damaged in the January 2010 quake , which killed the entire second-year class at the nation 's largest nursing school . In all , more than 200,000 people perished in the magnitude-7 .0 earthquake . Despite this bleak outlook , Dr. John Macdonald says he feels "  blessed every day . " Macdonald , a doctor at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine , runs a health clinic in Port-au-Prince that 's managed to serve 10,000 patients since it opened more than a year ago . In a country where so many things seem to go wrong , his program and others like it stand as a suggestion that it has been possible , at least to some extent , to make a difference in health in Haiti . Macdonald 's clinic tends to Haitians with wounds and spinal cord injuries . Other programs have successfully vaccinated children , distributed condoms and brought down malaria rates . "  There are major failings in our system , " says Dr. Jean Marie Rwangabwoba , an adviser in disease prevention and control to the Pan American Health Organization , a part of the World Health Organization . "  But at the same time , there 's some hope the system can really get back on its feet . " Haiti still reeling from quake Country club dinners and a $ 100,000 check According to Rwangabwoda , malaria rates in Haiti are now under 1 % , down from 5 % seven years ago , thanks in large part to wide distribution of mosquito nets treated with insecticides by his group . Last year , a major vaccination campaign against diseases such as measles and rubella reached 90 % of children under 9 , he said . About 2.2 % of the population has HIV , when many had thought by now it would be around 5 % , he added . Condom distribution has helped keep that rate relatively low , he said . These programs were funded by large groups such as the Pan American Health Organization , U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and U.S President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief . Other programs , such as Macdonald 's clinic , rely on smaller donors and some level of serendipity . Macdonald , a wound care specialist , says he was devastated to see people dying in Haiti after the quake from wounds that could have been easily treated . It was more than just wounds from the earthquake . Women had cuts in their breasts where cancerous tumors had erupted through the skin ; men had grotesque genital swelling caused by infection ; children had maggot-filled wounds on their scalps . Macdonald yearned to start a clinic just for wound care . In 2011 , he pleaded his case to a potential donor during lunch at the Coral Ridge Country Club in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . A man who 'd been sitting at the next table walked over about 40 minutes into Macdonald 's pitch . "  He said , ` I 'm a lawyer , and I have a client who has an interest in Haiti and is in a charitable mood . Would you speak with him ? ' " Macdonald recalls . His answer , of course , was yes . A few months later , Macdonald had lunch at the same country club with the lawyer 's client , a French-Canadian businessman , and at the end of the meal , Macdonald was handed a check for $ 100,000 . "  His wife was with us and she was crying , and at first I thought it was because this was her jewelry money , but she was crying because she was so happy , " Macdonald says . Haitians living in fear ` under the tent ' That check gave birth to a wound clinic in conjunction with Hospital Bernard Mevs in Port-au-Prince and Project Medishare , a group started by doctors at the Miller School of Medicine . About 50 patients a day come into the clinic , and in addition there 's a 10-bed ward for people suffering spinal injuries . A second check for $ 100,000 from the same donor , who 's asked to remain anonymous , has kept the clinic going into a second year . Macdonald spends about a week a month at the clinic , which Haitian staff mostly run . "  This is a very important program , and we want to expand it , " says Dr. Marguerite Mevs , who founded Hospital Bernard Mevs with her husband and other family members . ' A three-ring circus and a brothel ' Finding the funds to stay operating in Haiti is all about persistence , says Dr. Enrique Ginzburg , international medical director of Hospital Bernard Mevs/Project Medishare . "  If you get a ` no ' in one area , you just go in another direction to accomplish the same goal , " Ginzburg says . Macdonald agrees but makes another observation . "  Being a doctor in Haiti is like being a doctor for a three-ring circus and a brothel , " he says . "  On the one hand , you look and see all this amazing talent doing all these incredible feats . But there 's also stuff going on behind closed doors you do n't want to know about -- corruption , people taking money . " The trick is to not pass judgment , he says . "  You 're a guest in someone else 's country , " he says . "  You 're fascinated , and helpless to walk away . " Haiti transitions from relief to rebuilding	Some programs are making a difference in Haiti 's health care , doctors say A January 2010 quake devastated the already impoverished nation Dr. John Macdonald 's clinic has served more than 10,000 patients in about a year Malaria rates are down , and a vaccination campaign reaches 90 % of kids , doctor says
RollingStone.com  -- "  We 'd like to send this out to our brother Richie , " Jon Bon Jovi announced during the encore of Bon Jovi 's Saturday set at New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival . It was the first and only time Bon Jovi acknowledged the absence of guitarist Richie Sambora , who recently entered rehab . Otherwise , it was business as usual , with Sambora 's fill-in , Phil X  Xenidis , an L.A. session guitarist  subbing in admirably , picking up Sambora 's talk box parts and adding muscle to a show that only got better and better , especially in its last hour . RollingStone.com : Choose the cover of Rolling Stone : Vote now ! Openers "  Blood on Blood " and "  You Give Love a Bad Name " aside , the first half of the show leaned heavily on recent material , leaving the crowd a little restless . But Bon Jovi 's showmanship kicked in as the band worked parts of "  Dancing in the Streets , " "  Start Me Up " and "  Oh Pretty Woman " into other songs , complete with a faux-Jagger strut during the Stones classic . Earlier in the day , New Orleans jazz vocalist John Boutte -- best known for singing the theme song to "  Treme " -- performed an emotional set that included a mesmerizing version of Leonard Cohen 's "  Hallelujah . " RollingStone.com : Bon Jovi to tour without Richie Sambora At the other end of the spectrum , rapper Big Freedia , the self-proclaimed "  queen diva , " walked on the Congo Square Stage with "  Excuse / I do n't mean to be rude / Get out my way and let me do what I do . " The biggest name in what 's come to be known as "  sissy bounce " -- a sub-genre of New Orleans bounce -- proudly shook her ass with her onstage dancers . Like much of the music at Jazz Fest , bounce makes more sense performed at night and in a bar , but Big Freedia kicked an element of danger into her music . "  I got gin in my system , " she rapped . "  Somebody 's gon na be my victim . " RollingStone.com : Mumford and Sons , Band of Joy and more rock the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival See the original article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Bon Jovi and Big Freedia played at New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival Richie Sambora 's fill-in is Phil X -- Xenidis , an L.A. session guitarist Big Freedia is one of the biggest names in what 's come to be known as "  sissy bounce "
Madrid  CNN  -- The "  fat one " is about to get thinner . For the first time , big winners in Spain 's annual Christmas lottery will have to pay a 20 % tax on their winnings if the prize is greater than 2,500 euros , or $ 3,425 . In Spain 's deep economic crisis , the government started taxing all major lottery winnings in 2013 and expects to collect about $ 1 billion this year . On Sunday alone , in the annual Christmas lottery that will pay out about $ 3 billion in prize money , the government anticipates collecting tens of millions of dollars in taxes , the Treasury Ministry told CNN . Most of the prizes are relatively small , but the lucky ones holding part of the $ 875 million  640 million euro  first place prize , known as El Gordo -- "  the fat one " -- will face the tax bite . A $ 27.40  20 euro  lottery ticket that matches all the numbers of the first place El Gordo prize would win $ 548,000  400,000 euros  , but the winner would have to pay $ 109,000  80,000 euros  in taxes , the Treasury Ministry said . Spaniards typically spend 20 euros or less to buy a share of a full ticket , trying to spread the purchase among friends or family , at the local bar or at the workplace . But Spain 's economic crisis and unemployment rate , which still tops 25 % , has not spared the lottery , whose intake has declined for five consecutive years , according to the Spanish Gaming Yearbook 2012-2013 . The lottery officially began in 1892 . Year after year , the biggest winner is the state , which keeps $ 1.3 billion -- or 30 % -- of the entire lottery intake , which reached $ 4.3 billion this year . The remaining 70 % is distributed for prizes .	Big winners in Spain 's annual Christmas lottery will have to pay a 20 % tax The top El Gordo prize is worth $ 548,000  400,000 euros The winner would have to pay $ 109,000  80,000 euros  in taxes The government started taxing all major lottery winnings in 2013
Parenting  -- With my 3-year-old twins in tow , I navigated several steep flights of subway stairs , managed four train transfers , and arrived safely at the Museum of Natural History in Manhattan . I took photos of them in front of the giant Apatosaurus skeleton and imparted  probably erroneous , but who cares ?  facts about the Jurassic era . I am the best . Mother . Ever ! To top off the special day , I decided to treat them to an educational toy at the gift shop . My son Theo wanted an astronaut , so I brought him to the space display and let him choose between three astronaut-themed items  I 'm so smart to give my preschooler a sense of control by offering him a choice !  . "  No , astronaut ! " he began to whine . "  This is an astronaut , " I said brightly , pointing to one of the helmeted play figures . "  No ! " He then slapped all the items out of my hand and began screaming . Ten minutes later , after Theo had stomped on a dozen packages of freeze-dried ice cream , I tucked one boy under each arm and staggered out . I am the worst mother ever , I said to myself , embarrassed , drained , and near tears . 5 Tantrum Stoppers That Actually Work Turns out , the scene at the museum was not all my fault , and it does n't mean my boy is "  bad , " either . Michael Potegal , Ph.D. , a pediatric neuropsychologist at the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis , has spent the latest part of his professional career studying tantrums and how and why young children have such brutally emotional explosions . And what has he learned in that time ? That their outbursts are as normal a biological response to anger and frustration as a yawn is to fatigue . So normal , in fact , that you can make a science out of the progression of a tantrum and predict one down to the second . Kids from about 18 months to 4 years are simply hardwired to misbehave , he says . And that means "  nurture "  i.e. , you  is n't always to blame . 8 Discipline Mistakes Parents Make The mush behind the madness : Your tot 's noggin Let 's take a quick tour of the human brain , stopping at a little blob of gray matter behind the eyebrows called the prefrontal cortex  PFC  . This is the part of the brain that regulates emotion and controls social behavior . It 's also the last area of the brain to develop ; it has only just begun to mature at age 4 . That immaturity -- as difficult as it makes parenting a toddler or a preschooler -- may serve an important developmental role in the acquisition of language  the most significant social tool humans have  , says a new report out of the University of Pennsylvania . The authors posit that the underdeveloped PFC is what allows young children to master a new language much more easily than adults . Simply put , our kids ' more disagreeable behavior may be an evolutionary trade-off for the sake of human communication . How Gross is It ? Your Germiest Situations Analyzed Okay , so they 've got these mushy brain parts that make them prone to outbursts and irrational displays of emotion , but there 's another factor at play in the toddler/preschooler 's often difficult behavior : stress . "  Kids this age think magically , not logically , " explains Gina Mireault , Ph.D. , a professor of psychology at Johnson State College , in Vermont . "  Events that are ordinary to us are confusing and scary to them . They do n't understand that the bathtub drain wo n't swallow them or that their uncle ca n't really snatch their nose . " And if you 're not sure whether or not a simple bath will end in your demise , needless to say , you 're going to feel pretty confused and prone to anxiety -- on a daily basis . How to Say Goodbye to Mom Guilt This feeling of heightened arousal causes our bodies to release cortisol , known as the "  fight or flight " hormone . Maybe it should be called "  tantrum juice : " Cortisol increases blood pressure , speeds up breathing rates , and may lead to confused or unclear thinking  sound like anyone you know ?  . This anxiety is developmentally typical in moderation , but chronic anxiety or stress -- Is my stuffed Tigger going to come alive and eat me ? -- is not ; it can turn kids into virtual bundles of kindling primed to ignite at the slightest provocation . How to handle a tasmanian tot The next time your child has an episode , Potegal recommends asking yourself "  What function does this inappropriate behavior serve ? " If your tyke is looking for attention or a "  tangible "  toy , food , or other treat  , the best response is to ignore the behavior and maintain your own emotional composure . My friend Mana Heydarpour of New York City learned this lesson the hard way : When she told her strong-willed 3-year-old , Ella , that she could n't watch her favorite TV show , she screamed , "  I do n't like you ! I 'm so disappointed with you ! " "  It made my blood boil so much that I could n't help yelling back at her , " Heydarpour says . As a result , Ella 's fit lasted for half an hour . Potegal calls this the Anger Trap . "  If you get just as mad and irrational as your child , it 's like throwing gas on a fire , " he says . How to Be a Take Charge Mom But he warns of another trap , too : the Sadness Trap . "  When you comfort a child in the middle of a tantrum , you reinforce the behavior . Instead , say ` I 'm sorry you 're upset . When you calm down , I 'll give you a hug and we can talk about what happened . ' " This way , you offer support and sympathy while still showing your tot how to regulate his emotions . "  Since that meltdown , I 've learned to say ` I 'm not talking to you while you 're behaving like this , ' " Heydarpour says . "  Ella composes herself so much faster when I manage to do that . " But the above strategy does n't apply to an "  escape " tantrum : a child going bonkers because he does n't want to do whatever it is you want him to  clean up , sit at the table , etc.  . In this case , ignoring him gives him what he wants : You 're no longer demanding that he wear his coat , or whatever it is that needs to be done . Putting him in a time-out chair does n't work , either , since that 's time he 's not putting on his jacket . "  Every second he 's not complying , he 's winning , " says Potegal . Instead , tell your kid that if he does n't get dressed in five seconds , you 're going to put your hands on his and do it together . If your tiny rebel makes no move after the five seconds are up , which he wo n't at first , take his hands in yours and gently force the coat on . "  It 's not meant to be pleasant , " admits Potegal , but it should never include physical harm . If your child begins to slap or bite you , continue putting the coat on and then put him in time-out  or take away a privilege , if that 's your standard discipline tactic  . That way , your child sees he still has to wear the coat  so his protests were ineffective  and now has an additional consequence for his unacceptable behavior . Toddlers are a literal force of nature who confound even the most calm and prepared . But there 's a silver lining to these flop-and-flail-filled years : Just as kids can quickly slip into anger and sadness , so can they slip out of them . The average tantrum lasts about three minutes , according to Potegal 's research . That 's why , shortly after a tantrum , your kid is back to playing as if nothing happened , while you 're still quaking from the event a half hour later . His immature PFC  that mushy part responsible for social cues  allows him to move on without dwelling on past hurts . "  Toddlers can transition from sad to happy and from angry to calm incredibly easily , " says Potegal . So enjoy that post-freak-out cuddle , and gird yourself for the next round . The life of a tantrum A minute-by-minute breakdown of what happens when your tot blows his top . 0 SEC . Uh-oh . Grocery-store meltdown in aisle 3 . 30 SEC . Foot stomping by this point means it will be a short one . 90 SEC . Screaming and kicking : His anger has reached its peak . 3.5 MIN . And just like that , it 's over . He 's now looking for comfort . 6 MIN . Wow . He 's acting like nothing ever happened . 10 MIN . If his fits always last this long , talk to your doc . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	The average tantrum lasts about three minutes , according to Potegal 's research You can predict a tantrum down to the second Kids from about 18 months to 4 years are simply hardwired to misbehave
CNN  -- I thought it was absolutely fantastic , the enthusiasm of the people , the logistics . I like it even more because there has been so much doom-saying and criticism in the run-up to these games . There must be a few very frustrated marathon runners who could have set a new world record in the terribly polluted air of Beijing but decided not to compete , not to mention so many journalists that wished the games to end up in a disaster . The people in the cities hosting Olympic events and BOCOG deserve praise . The IOC , in my opinion , deserves even more praise for choosing Beijing and sticking to its decision despite all the criticism . Go China ! Go ! Laurentius Metaal GM Projects Western Way For Industrial Development Co. Ltd. . Of course the show was without equal , for which congratulations are well deserved . HOWEVER , the spending of $ 40 billion in the face of abject rural poverty , the clandestine treatment of local gymnasts ' ages , the lip-synching + re-editing of the opening ceremony and the shipping-off of near-octogenarian women to labor camp after filing an unwanted eyesore of a protest "  application " as only a FEW examples , show that while we can admire China 's cosmetic ability to show itself off , we MUST be wary of the beast within . Thank you for the greatest Olympics ever , China ! Now , can we see some freedom for your people and some more balanced economic development ? John Jakarta , Indonesia I think that the International Olympic Committee made a tragic mistake when they awarded the Olympic games to the Chinese . The Chinese have a ... track record of human rights violations that only increased before and during the Olympics . It was disappointing that many media outlets covered so little of the atrocities that the Chinese government committed against their people . I realize that they had a commitment to cover the games , but so much more could have been shown concerning the loss that occurred for the entertainment of others . Homes were seized and demolished so the venues could be built . Michele McCullough I think it was perhaps the best Olympics ever . China did an outstanding job of preparing and producing a very successful two weeks of competition on a world-class level . I would hate to be London and have to try even matching the spectacle or the opening and closing shows . Because of people power , which they used brilliantly , I think no other country will ever hold a candle to those two events . Mostly , I am happy for China . I think the world will view it differently despite issues in which we differ greatly . I am hopeful that the afterglow of its success will spill over into many other areas and bring a better future to its people . Wallace Rhodes I do n't know why the medal tracker is not done on a weighted point-based system . For example a Gold = 5 , Silver = 3 , and a Bronze = 1 . This would eliminate the debate and allow gold to be valued higher and all medals to count for something . Cheers , Mike K I think the games were great , but why should n't they be ? With a country whose government can control everything and spend what it wants , everything should have been perfect . In a country with the the number of people that China has there should be an amazing number of gold ... perhaps even more . Thing about the number of people in China vs Canada . Percentage-wise China should have won a lot more . I 'm glad that the games went well , but I do n't think anyone should be at all surprised . Few countries have the number of people , the freedom for government control and spending that China has . It would be interesting to know what China could have done / would have done without government control . Dan Ingram Toronto Participant age controversies and government ideologies aside , this could well have been the greatest Olympics of the modern age . With less pomp and ceremony and more art and talent , the Chinese have brought together both its people , its money , and its true concern for artistic beauty , and displayed to the world what it is capable of being . Now , if it would let its people figure out how to develop and illustrate their Olympic talents without the force and pressure of the whole weight of government , we could surely have some wonderful Olympic Champions . Thank you , Joel Shattles Lawrenceville , Georgia , U.S. . A spectacular Olympics to be sure  however not the greatest cover of events on local TV in Bermuda ... Thank goodness for my satellite dish !!  Only real complaint was that the scoring for boxing was a travesty ... Please scrap that system !! Donald MacPherson Bermuda Without a doubt , China put on the most spectacular show on earth ! However , the issue of many of China 's gymnastic team not meeting age-requirement standards is of concern . Mention of this issue has been reported by CNN , and since no further commentary has been announced , I presume the issue is still under investigation . Evidence that under-age gymnasts were knowingly being trained for China 's Olympic gymnastic team is well documented in Discovery Channel 's series - Discovery Atlas - China . In that documentary is the story of Jin Yang , a 12-year-old girl from Beijing . Her intensive training , along with her performance in China 's qualifying Olympic trial competition , was filmed . In her own words , Jin stated , ' I dream of the 2008 Olympics . ' Jin Jang qualified after the first round , but was eliminated after the second one . Clearly , this is irrefutable evidence that China 's Olympic coaches , etc. , were attempting to create the most talented Olympic competitors irrespective of meeting age-requirement standards set by Olympic committee regulations . This evidence needs to be presented not only to the world at large , but submitted to the Olympic investigating committee . Sincerely , Sandra St John Sao Paulo , Brazil Olympic Games ; vulgar and shameful display of unrestrained commercialism . Luis in Mexico I think they were great . China may have its share of problems , but they proved to be an excellent host nation . I wish the Olympics were less politicized , but I guess that will not be changing anytime soon . W May Fairfax , Virginia , U.S.	Many people impressed with show ; criticism of human rights , cheating remains Sandra St John : "  China put on the most spectacular show on earth ! " Luis in Mexico : "  vulgar and shameful display of unrestrained commercialism "
CNN  -- Dr. Rajiv Shah President Obama announced Wednesday that Shah , the 36-year-old administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development , will be in charge of the overall U.S. relief effort in Haiti . "  The goal of the relief effort in the first 72 hours will be very focused on saving lives , " Shah said . At Shah 's USAID swearing-in ceremony on January 7 , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said , "  One only needs to ask his wife , Shivam , the lengths to which Raj will go to achieve important goals . After all , this is a man who flew to India for one day to propose to her at the Taj Mahal when she was traveling there alone . This is also a man who summited the 14,400-foot Mount Rainier -- one of the most difficult climbs in the continental United States , and it combines the challenges of an unforgiving glacier with the unpredictability of an active volcano . That may be the best preparation Raj has for working in Washington these days . " According to his USAID biography , Shah , a medical doctor and health economist , was an under-secretary at the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Prior to joining the Obama administration , Shah served as director of agricultural development at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . In 2001 , Shah was the health care policy adviser on the Gore 2000 presidential campaign and a member of Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell 's transition committee on health . In addition , he has served as a policy aide in the British Parliament and worked at the World Health Organization . USAid.gov : Biography of Dr. Rajiv Shah US State Department : Swearing-In Ceremony of Dr. Rajiv Shah Jimmy Jean-Louis The Haitian native and cast member of the TV series "  Heroes " was searching for his elderly parents in Haiti on Wednesday afternoon . Jean-Louis learned that a house he had grown up in had collapsed , killing several of his relatives . "  I have not slept yet . The second house that I grew up in was down , and some relatives have died , from what I have been told , " Jean-Louis said yesterday . "  I have n't been able to reach my parents . I have heard that they are OK , but I do not know what is going on around them . " Jean-Louis was born in Petionville , Haiti , where he grew up without electricity or running water . He moved to Paris , France , when he was 12 to pursue a modeling career and had supported his parents by sending money home since he started acting nearly 20 years ago . He is the founder of Hollywood Unites for Haiti , a nonprofit organization whose original mission was to provide sports and cultural education to underprivileged youth on the island . The group is now mobilizing for disaster relief . CNN : ` Heroes ' actor searching for parents after earthquake Pat Robertson The evangelical Christian , who once suggested God was punishing Americans with Hurricane Katrina , says a "  pact to the devil " brought on the devastating earthquake in Haiti . Officials fear more than 100,000 people have died as a result of Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake in Haiti . Robertson , the host of the "  700 Club , " blamed the tragedy on something that "  happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it . " The Haitians "  were under the heel of the French . You know , Napoleon III and whatever , " Robertson said on his broadcast Wednesday . "  And they got together and swore a pact to the devil . They said , ` We will serve you if you will get us free from the French . ' True story . And so , the devil said , ` OK , it 's a deal . ' " Native Haitians defeated French colonists in 1804 and declared independence . CNN : Pat Robertson says Haiti paying for ` pact to the devil ' Martha Coakley and Scott Brown With less than a week to go until a special Senate election in Massachusetts , the state 's airwaves are packed with campaign ads as Democrat Martha Coakley and Republican Scott Brown battle to fill the last three years of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy 's term . Groups outside of the state are supporting the two candidates to the tune of millions of dollars . Brown is hoping to become the first Massachusetts Republican to win a U.S. Senate seat since 1972 . Independent Joseph Kennedy , a third party candidate who is not related to the late senator , is also in the race . The Boston Globe endorsed Coakley on Wednesday , saying the state 's current attorney general is more qualified to serve in Washington than her Republican opponent . Brown , a state senator , "  believes in a culture of family , patriotism and freedom " and "  is a proud member of the Massachusetts National Guard , where he has served for nearly three decades and currently holds the rank of Lt. Colonel in the Judge Advocate Generals  JAG  Corps , " according to his Web site . CNN Political Ticker : Coakley endorsed by The Boston Globe CNN Political Ticker : Campaign ads flood Massachusetts TV Brown for U.S. Senate campaign site Coakley U.S. Senate campaign site Teddy Pendergrass The R&B legend died Wednesday evening at a hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the city where he was born . He was 59 . Pendergrass , known for smash-hit love ballads such as "  Turn Off the Lights " and "  Love TKO , " died after a long illness , according to Lisa Barbaris , who described herself as a close friend and his last publicist . His family did not reveal details about his illness , but said it was related to complications from a 1982 car accident , Barbaris said . The crooner , affectionately known as just "  Teddy " by many fans , started in music with a group called the Cadillacs in the late 1960s and was still with the group when it merged with Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes , according to his official Web site . He began as a drummer , but soon became the lead singer after the group heard his powerful voice . In 1972 , Pendergrass ' baritone could be heard on the classic Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes song "  If You Do n't Know Me by Now . " After going solo , Pendergrass received several Grammy nominations , Billboard 's 1977 Pop Album New Artist Award , and an American Music Award for best R&B performer of 1978 , Barbaris said . In 1982 , Pendergrass was involved in a car accident that left him paralyzed . But he returned to the studio in 1984 in his wheelchair to record an album . Before his death , Pendergrass was working on a musical documenting his life , called "  I Am Who I Am . " CNN : R&B singer Teddy Pendergrass dies at 59 What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	36-year-old doctor , health administrator takes lead on U.S. effort in Haiti Televangelist says Haitian pact with Satan brought on deadly earthquake Race to fill Ted Kennedy 's Senate seat comes down to the wire
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Ryo Desmidt is in his first year at a kindergarten in Hong Kong and seems like an especially gifted child . That 's because his parents say he can communicate in three languages . He is three years old . Since he was ten months old , his mother , Momoe , has been taking him to a language center five times a week where he is taught to listen , speak and interact in English , Mandarin and Japanese . He attends a language school in the city that offers courses for children as young as a few months old . Some parents will even pay a tutor to speak in a particular language for an hour in the belief their baby will absorb this . This is just one of the many examples of how parents in Hong Kong are trying to get ahead of the game by giving their children a competitive edge in the race for limited school places . With a large expatriate community and an increase in mainland Chinese parents wishing to send their kids across the border to school , Hong Kong 's world class educational system is under siege with applications . And this pressure is being felt by parents , many of whom are starting early and going to extraordinary lengths to outshine thousands of other applicants for limited pre-school opportunities , believing it will give them an advantage when it comes to securing a primary school place . Queuing for places At this time of the year , parents go into a frenzy queuing for application forms at schools across Hong Kong . In the city 's northern district , which borders China , Hong Kong and mainland parents have even camped out overnight to get their hands on the right admission forms . According to Fung Kai Kindergarten in the city 's Sheung Shui district , around 2,000 people queued up to apply for only 240 available spaces on October 7 -- police were even called in to deal with complaints about people cutting the queue . There has also been growing animosity towards mainland parents , with local people arguing children living in Hong Kong should be given priority over places . Cross-border students , or children living in China who have gained the right of abode and free education in Hong Kong by birth , often travel up to five hours to go to school . Currently , the Education Bureau  EDB  in Hong Kong estimates the number of cross-border students to be 17,000 , with around half that number enrolled in kindergarten or day care centers . Early planning In Hong Kong , where formal pre-school education begins at the age of three , many prospective parents begin mapping out education plans before their children are born . Desmidt , an expat mother living in Hong Kong , revealed she started looking for potential kindergartens and playgroups during her pregnancy . "  In Hong Kong , if you do n't get into a good pre-nursery or kindergarten , it 's really difficult to get into a good primary school , that 's why you already have to have a plan when you are pregnant . " After attending numerous information sessions and preschool open days , she applied to a playgroup when she was eight months pregnant because the waiting list was already around a year . Another mother , who preferred not to be named , said parents scour online education forums to identify the top popular school choices . "  It 's the only topic that comes up when you go out for lunch , which school your kid got into , which school are you applying for and how are you preparing your child for it ? " she said . "  My friends have sent me spreadsheets with a detailed timetable of when schools are available for applications and how to apply . " Pressure to perform The stress does n't end there for parents . Some have even signed up their children for mock interview training so they would be able to perform well during kindergarten interviews . "  Some playgroup teachers who are familiar with the interview process in certain famous kindergartens , will help train the child to overcome shyness and get used to answering questions from strangers , " explained the unnamed mother . She recalled one of the interviews she took her son to , when he was only 18 months old . "  They  the children  were in a room with six to seven other kids with the parents sitting behind them . The teacher would ask them to point to an object in the picture or ask what color it is . Some kids did n't respond , or started crying and they would just have to move on to the next kid , " she said . "  The whole thing lasted for seven minutes . I do n't know what criteria they base their admissions on , but it 's hard to figure out a kid at one and a half years old . " This comes as no surprise to Nicola Weir , Principal of the Early Childhood Education Section at Yew Chung International School . "  We 've received CVs of little babies and portfolios listing their many talents , " she said . "  Parents are proud of their children , and they want the best for them . " While parents see interviews as a make or break moment for their children , Weir says there is no need for parents to panic . "  Many of the schools are competitive , but it 's not about how perfect their child is , all children are special , " she said . "  We also look at families to see if they 're congruent with our philosophy . It 's not how well they can perform , but the relationship between home and school is really important too , " she added . Finding the best fit Even after parents manage to successfully enroll their child in a kindergarten , the unnamed mother adds that they are constantly on the lookout for better schools . "  Parents in Hong Kong have the dilemma in choosing between local and international schools . I have friends who send their kids to a local kindergarten in the morning , and then an international kindergarten in the afternoon . So they 'll nap or eat lunch in the car . They think both systems are flawed , but they want to get the best of both worlds . " Meanwhile , Desmidt 's son , Ryo , takes a nap after attending school in the morning and the Le Beaumont Language Center afterwards . "  I 'm half Japanese and half Chinese , and my husband is half British and half French . We wanted him to speak all the languages and it 's convenient because it 's all in one center , " she said . "  We 've stayed in the language center for more than two years , and for him it 's for fun . I asked him this week if he wanted to go to Disneyland or the language center and he said ' I want to go see this teacher and that teacher . ' He really enjoys it , " she added .	Parents compete for limited spots in kindergartens in Hong Kong In October , some 2,000 parents queued to apply for 240 spaces in a one kindergarten Parents pressured into taking measures so their children can stand out
CNN  -- Garrison Keillor , author and host of the folksy radio show "  A Prairie Home Companion , " was being treated Wednesday for a minor stroke he suffered over the weekend , a hospital spokesman said . Author Garrison Keillor attends an event in New York on November 18 , 2008 . Keillor , who turned 67 last month , was admitted to St. Mary 's Hospital at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , on Sunday night , spokesman Karl Oestreich said in a news release . "  He is up and moving around , speaking sensibly , working at a laptop , and it 's expected he 'll be released on Friday , " Oestreich said . "  He plans to resume a normal schedule next week . " The live variety show "  A Prairie Home Companion " is aired on Minnesota Public Radio . Keillor launched the program on July 6 , 1974 , in a St. Paul , Minnesota , college theater before an audience of 12 people . According to a "  Backstage Chat " on the show , Keillor got the idea for it from watching the Grand Ole Opry . Keillor , also a storyteller and satirist , has written 11 books , including three for children . He was inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame in 1994 .	Garrison Keillor , 67 , was admitted to a hospital in Rochester , Minnesota , on Sunday Spokesman : "  He plans to resume a normal schedule next week " Keillor is expected to be released from the hospital on Friday
And the winner is ... Yale . That was the selection made Wednesday by Kwasi Enin , the New York high school student accepted by the eight Ivy League schools -- Harvard , Yale , Brown , Columbia , University of Pennsylvania , Dartmouth , Princeton and Cornell . He made his pick in style , staging a news conference in the gym of William Floyd High School and delivering the big announcement before teachers and members of the media . A visit to the New Haven , Connecticut , campus helped him decide . "  My Bull Dog Days experience last week was incredible , " he said . "  I met geniuses from all across the world . And everyone there was so friendly and inviting . ... And I believe that their deep appreciation and love for music , like I have , was very critical for me deciding to go there . " His father , Ebenezer , thanked all those at the high school who encouraged his son . "  We are grateful for all the inspiration , " he said . "  People think Kwasi is like an angel or somebody who was sheltered . Really , we gave him a lot of freedom , even though at the same time we were very strict with him in terms of academics and the way he behaved . ... We only pray that going forward he will stay focused and not be distracted . " Referring to Kwasi 's 14-year-old sister , Adwoa , their father said : "  I told her , Look , I believe you can do better than him . " Enin scored 2250 out of a possible 2400 on his SAT , placing him in the 98th percentile across the country , according to The College Board . He 's also ranked 11th in his class at William Floyd High School , a public school on Long Island , according to his principal , Barbara Butler . "  I applied knowing that going to any of the Ivy League schools would be wonderful , " Enin told CNN earlier this month . "  I thought if I applied to all eight , I figured I 'd get into one ... but from the first one onwards I said , ` This ca n't be happening ! ' I was shocked seeing all these acceptances under my name . " Butler said Enin is not only a model academic student , but also plays three instruments for the chamber orchestra , sings in an a cappella group , throws shot put and discus for the high school 's track and field team , participates in student government and has had a lead role in school plays since the ninth grade . "  Usually kids are good athletes or good musicians or good actors , but they do n't have all three and then on top add student government . It 's a balancing act . He somehow finds time to do it all and then volunteer at a local hospital , " Butler said . Butler has been Enin 's principal for six years in both middle and high school . "  He is an incredibly modest , humble and respectable person , " Butler said . "  He is incredibly dedicated and he has his priorities straight . He takes advantage of whatever opportunity he is afforded . " Rachel Rubin , the founder of Spark Admissions in Massachusetts , who also previously served on admissions committees at selective universities , said the feat is extremely rare . "  It 's quite atypical , " Rubin said , adding that most students do not apply to all the Ivy League schools . "  Standardized test scores and good grades will get a student in the door to have their application read , " Rubin said . "  But it 's their extracurricular activities , leadership experience , exceptional talents , recommendation letters and personal essays that will move a student from a pile of ` maybes ' to a pile of ` accepted . ' " Harvard 's acceptance rate , among the most selective in the country , was just 5.9 % for the applicants for the class of 2017 , according to its admissions site . Enin was also accepted to Duke University and three State University of New York campuses . Enin admitted all along that he favored Yale . "  I really liked their sense of family , relationships between undergraduates and professors , and the residential college , " he said earlier this month . "  They also have a strong biomedical engineering program , which is a wonderful combination of biology and creative tools that doctors and health care professionals can use . " Enin added that Yale also has a strong music program , one of his beloved hobbies that he hopes to continue when he is n't hitting the books in college . He hopes to one day pursue medicine , a dream of his that just so happens to align with his parents ' careers . His parents , who immigrated from Ghana in the late 1980s , are both nurses and pushed Enin to receive the highest grades possible and follow his dreams . "  Health care is a prominent field that satisfies people beyond finances and edifies people and is about moral development , " he said . His advice for future applicants ? "  Follow your passions in high school and not just follow suit for what you think can get you into these schools , " he said . "  Develop your outside interests -- not just academics . "	Kwasi Enin , 17 , considered all eight Ivy League schools and picked Yale Yale was "  friendly and inviting , " he says Enin was accepted to all Ivy League schools and then some He plays three instruments , is on the track and field team and acts in plays
CNN  -- After the New Year , it 'll be "  Downton Abbey " season . PBS announced Tuesday at the Television Critics Association press tour that its popular "  Masterpiece " program will kick off its fifth season on January 4 . Executive producer Gareth Neame also attended the TCAs with some "  Downton " stars , delivering some juicy hints about what 's to come . Season 5 will pick up six months after the events of the Season 4 Christmas special , and Michelle Dockery 's Lady Mary will be feeling more like her old self after grieving for so long . "  She 's embracing her new life , really , " Dockery told reporters . "  She 's through the grief now and I kind of see  Season  5 as the new Mary . ... She 's got a bit of her bite back , which we had in  Season  1 . " And while she 's feeling more open to love -- although not with Allen Leech 's Tom Branson , to some fans ' dismay -- Mary and her sister Edith are still as combative as ever . Laura Carmichael , who plays the perpetually unfortunate Edith , said that things still are n't looking up for her character . "  Mary does n't know Edith has a daughter , " Dockery said . "  So Edith certainly wo n't get any sympathy from her unknowing sister . " Actually , quite the opposite : "  Mary 's mean to Edith especially in this season , " Dockery went on . "  Me and Laura love it when they 're mean to each other , it 's more fun to do . " As for those downstairs , Leech is just thankful his Tom Branson 's still on the show after the death of Sybil . And Joanne Froggatt 's Anna and Brendan Coyle 's Mr. Bates are talking about maybe having some kids ... when Anna 's not questioning whether Mr. Bates is a murderer , that is . "  There are a lot of questions for Anna and Bates still , " Froggatt said . "  There 's this thing between them where they both know they 're not quite being honest with each other . " Producer Neame confirmed that we wo n't get more Shirley MacLaine or Paul Giamatti this season , but that we can expect some "  really substantial twists and turns . " Leech observed that "  as the series has progressed , the stories have become more personal . " Now , in the fifth season , "  it 's an individual journey for each character more so than it ever has been before . "	"  Downton Abbey 's " fifth season begins January 4 The cast and executive producer have talked about what 's to come The EP promises "  substantial twists and turns "
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad warned Western nations against supporting rebel groups battling his armed forces , predicting the militants will one day strike against the United States and others . In an hourlong interview with Syria state TV network al-Ikhbariya , al-Assad claimed the West is supporting al Qaeda sympathizers in Syria as he says they did during the Libyan uprising . He compared the support of rebels in Syria now to the backing of fighters in Afghanistan during their war with Soviet troops in the 1980s . "  The West has paid heavily for funding al Qaeda in its early stages . Today it is doing the same in Syria , Libya and other places , and will pay a heavy price in the heart of Europe and the United States , " he said , according to a CNN translation . Al-Assad also spoke harshly of Jordan , saying thousands of fighters were crossing the border to take part in the civil war in Syria . It called it "  illogical " for Jordanian officials to deny this was happening . He guaranteed victory in the conflict , which began two years ago and which has led to the deaths of more than 70,000 people . according to the United Nations . "  There is no option but victory , otherwise it will be the end of Syria , and I do n't think that any Syrian citizen will accept such an option , " he said . He referred to the rebels as "  thieves " and "  mercenaries " who are being paid by Western nations . "  There is an attempt to invade Syria , the forces are coming from outside , from different nationalities , they are using different tactics from what the colonization powers have used , " he said . On Wednesday , U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel ordered up to 200 troops to Jordan . The new deployment will include communications and intelligence specialists who will assist the Jordanians and "  be ready for military action " if President Barack Obama were to order it , a Defense Department official told CNN . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he was going to meet with envoy Lakhdar Brahimi on Wednesday to discuss the situation in Syria . "  The prospects may seem dim , but I remain convinced that a political solution is possible . This is the only way to end the bloodshed and bring about a new and democratic Syria . The United Nations will continue to push in that direction , " Ban said . U.S. updates military options for Syria Peter Bergen : Rebel group 's dangerous tie to al Qaeda CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Syrian president spoke to state TV network al-Ikhbariya In interview , he says Western nations are employing thieves , mercenaries in Syria He said they will pay a "  heavy price " for backing rebels U.N. Secretary-General says he still believes a political solution is possible
London  CNN  -- British government ministers secretly advised Libya on how to get convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi released from a life sentence in a Scottish prison , American documents published by WikiLeaks allege . A Foreign Office official explained to the Libyans how to apply for compassionate release for Megrahi after he was diagnosed with cancer , according to an October 2008 U.S. Embassy cable newly published by WikiLeaks . The British government believed Scotland would be inclined to grant the bomber compassionate release , the cable says . Megrahi , the only person convicted in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 , which killed 270 , was released in 2009 . He is now living in Libya . Then-Foreign Office Minister Bill Rammell wrote to Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Abdulati al-Obeidi in October 2008 to explain how to apply for compassionate release , a British official told the U.S. Embassy in London , the cable says . The Foreign Office in London and the office of Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond in Edinburgh did not respond immediately to CNN requests for comment . The British government has always said it was not its decision whether or not to release Megrahi , but that of the Scottish authorities because the bomber was imprisoned in Scotland . Scotland has some control over its own affairs , including justice , but London runs British foreign policy . Some American senators , led by New Jersey Democrat Robert Menendez , have been furious about Megrahi 's release . They said in a report in December that his medical condition did not justify setting him free . The leaked U.S. Embassy cable says Megrahi had been diagnosed with inoperable cancer and that the average life expectancy for someone with his condition was 18 months to two years . It noted that he could have as long as five years to live . The October 2008 American cable is broadly consistent with hundreds of documents about the case declassified by Scotland after Megrahi was released in August 2009 . Those documents and American diplomatic cables published earlier by WikiLeaks show that Libya was determined to win the release of Megrahi , warning London that it would react badly if the bomber died in jail . The British have consistently denied that commercial considerations -- such as oil giant BP 's desire to drill in Libya -- played a role in Megrahi 's release .	NEW : The British Foreign Office has no immediate comment London believed Scotland would free Megrahi on compassionate grounds , a cable says He 's the only person convicted in the Pan Am 103 bombing that killed 270 people
CNN  -- As this election season unfolds , we are watching an age-old dream in politics go horribly smash . It is n't good for politics , and it sure is n't good for the country . President Franklin Roosevelt helped to fire up the dream during his second term in office . Coming off a massive landslide in 1936 , he believed that it would be far better for governing if the Democrats became the liberal party and Republicans the conservative one . In the 1938 congressional elections , he barnstormed across the South trying to purge the Democratic Party of several incumbent conservatives . His efforts backfired -- the incumbents won and were sore at FDR -- but the dream became a staple of politics . In 1950 , for example , in one of the landmark studies in political science -- one still read today by undergraduate majors -- some of the best minds of the day argued strongly that the nation would benefit from more ideologically "  coherent " parties : that things would be better if Democrats stood firmly for a liberal ideology and Republicans for a conservative one . That way , people would have clear choices , they would know what they were voting for , and they could count on their party delivering if it were in power . "  Shoo out those racially suspect Sunbelt conservatives from Democratic ranks and those lily-livered Northeastern liberals from the GOP . And maybe some of those moderates , too . " So the thinking went . Well , in recent years , we have seen the dream come true . And guess what ? It is producing a mess . As each of the parties has moved toward ideological purity , our politics have become ever more polarized , our governing ever more paralyzed . Extremists increasingly run the show . This campaign season is pointing toward a rough road ahead after the November elections . Yes , it is true that in selecting a presidential candidate , both parties have chosen men who on the surface seem moderate centrists . But each of the candidates has decided that in order to win , he must first stir up his ideological base . Would Mitt Romney have endorsed the Paul Ryan budget , a hard line against immigration and a condemnation of Planned Parenthood if he were not trying to prove that he 's a "  severe conservative " ? Meanwhile , Barack Obama has moved left , pushing taxes on the rich , piling up trillion-dollar deficits and bashing the same Republicans he would have to work with in a second term . One can see these trends in harsher relief amid campaigns for the Senate and House . Olympia Snowe , a moderate and much-beloved GOP senator from Maine facing her first primary challenge , is retiring because of a lack of bipartisanship and mechanisms to find "  common ground . " Sens. Richard Lugar and Orrin Hatch -- both stalwarts of the GOP who have committed apostasy by trying to work across party lines -- face primaries this season that imperil their survival : A poll Thursday morning found Lugar down 5 points to a tea party-backed challenger in Indiana , and Hatch failed to secure a 60 % supermajority at his party 's convention in Utah , sending his race to a primary . Only two years ago in Utah , another stalwart Republican who had worked with Democrats , Bob Bennett , was deposed by an ideologically purer primary challenger . In the House , meanwhile , the once-robust cadre of "  Blue Dog Democrats " -- moderate to conservative members of the liberal party -- has been winnowed out , with two more members  Reps. Jason Altmire and Tim Holden of Pennsylvania  defeated in primaries this past Tuesday by opponents from their left flanks . As of 2010 , there were as many as 54 Blue Dogs , but the midterms knocked their caucus down to 26 . With retirements and primaries , that number will probably be well below 20 by next January -- an effect that further turns Democrats into the party of the left . Some activists -- conservative Grover Norquist among them -- argue that over time , this purification will be good for the U.S. . But so far , the task of governing has gotten much tougher , and what little trust is left among the parties is evaporating . As the parties become more ideological , it 's easier to demonize the other side and harder to rationalize working with it -- both to your colleagues and your constituents . Woe to be you in your next primary if you have consorted with the enemy . Under heavy pressures for party conformity , legislation by nature becomes a more partisan undertaking . Hard to believe it now , but big programs like Medicare and Medicaid in the 1960s , or tax and Social Security reform in the 1980s , passed with broad bipartisan support . Our latest legislative achievements , on the other hand  think health care , the stimulus or Wall Street reform  , have been almost entirely driven by one party . More often than not , gridlock and obstruction soon follow . As scholar Bill Galston has wisely noted , it becomes "  a zero-sum mentality : if they win , we lose . " As Galston and others have theorized , all this sniping saps the public 's trust in the government , but it does something equally insidious , too : It saps trust between the parties , completing the vicious cycle and making compromise even tougher . So it 's crucial to bolster the men and women of courage in politics : the ones who can act as ambassadors between these increasingly dug-in parties and who can kindle that small flame of trust that has almost gone out . Sens. Lamar Alexander  R-Tennessee  and Mark Warner  D-Virginia  and a handful of others , for example , have launched laudable work on this count in the Senate , pulling together small , quiet dinners with legislators from both sides of the aisle who are strong in principles but equally strong in their commitment to moving the ball forward for the country . Getting by on the little victories can help restore health to the process , too . The Congress coming together on patent reform at the end of 2011 , the JOBS Act in early April and  potentially  on extending low interest rates on student loans in coming days may seem like small potatoes , but these compromises can be confidence builders . Like water over a stone , they can slowly but steadily wear away some of the mistrust and acrimony . Franklin Roosevelt was right on many big things , but on this one , he was dead wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	From FDR in the 1930s on , some have argued that parties should be polarized We 're seeing consequences of Dems as liberal party , GOP as conservative one , authors say They say this has led to gridlock and the loss of talented leaders who can work with other party Gergen , Zuckerman : Obama , Romney have been firing up ideological base of their parties
CNN  -- Millions of golf fans around the world were watching on television with great anticipation . The 18th-green gallery at Medinah Country Club was packed as a remarkable sporting story was about to be concluded . All Martin Kaymer could think about was getting his phone out and capturing the moment . "  I looked around and thought , ` How nice is that , ' to see the big leaderboard and then see the screen which says ` Kaymer to retain the Ryder Cup , ' " he tells CNN 's Living Golf show . "  I would have loved to take out my iPhone and take a picture of it . " The German stood over a seven-foot putt to win the 2012 Ryder Cup for Europe , which had stunned the U.S. team by making up a four-point deficit on the final day . His opponent Steve Stricker had already missed his birdie putt to level their crucial singles match , and all the attention switched to Kaymer . Short of his best form for over a year and feeling he had let down a teammate in an earlier match , Martin Kaymer could have been forgiven for having doubts . But despite his earlier difficulties , having lost his only other match in that Ryder Cup when paired with Justin Rose in fourballs , Kaymer is adamant that thoughts of failure never entered his mind . "  Honestly I did n't think about missing , I did n't think about the importance of that putt -- I was just very , very happy to be in that position , " he recalls ahead of this week 's rematch at Gleneagles in Scotland . "  I mean some people they are scared of that moment and , obviously I can talk like this now because I made the putt , but I was not that nervous . " Sure enough , Kaymer walked confidently forward and stroked home the putt with some aplomb before being mobbed by his teammates . Europe eventually won 14 1/2 - 13 1/2 to retain golf 's most prestigious team competition -- a comeback win that was soon dubbed the "  Miracle of Medinah . " For Kaymer it proved a turning point in a career that had seen him win a major and reach No. 1 in the world rankings before a slump in form sent him tumbling down the rankings . "  It made a huge , huge difference for the future , because I know when it comes down to those crucial situations and when it comes down to making those putts , I have done it before , " he says . The improvement in form did not happen overnight and 2013 passed without a tournament victory , but having made the decision to campaign full-time on the PGA Tour this year , it was only a matter of time . Kaymer 's purple patch started with a superb victory at May 's Players Championship in Florida -- a tournament known unofficially as "  the fifth major " -- and then a stunning eight-shot win at the U.S. Open at Pinehurst in June . The 29-year-old was simply unstoppable as he broke Rory McIlroy 's halfway record for the tournament and kept on stretching his lead . It was his second major after 2011 's PGA Championship triumph and confirmation of his talents . Victory also sealed his place in the European team for September 's biennial Ryder Cup match against the United States -- his fourth straight appearance having been a captain 's pick by Nick Faldo in the 2008 match at Valhalla . Kaymer revealed to CNN that Paul McGinley , the European team 's skipper for the match at Gleneagles in Scotland , had told him prior to his Players triumph at Sawgrass that he was going to be in his lineup as a pick should he fail to qualify by right . "  He said , ` You do n't need to make anything special , just play your game -- show what you can do . Show to yourself and then you will make the team anyways . ' And then obviously it turned out to be a great week for me . " With McIlroy claiming the British Open and PGA Championship titles , two members of the European lineup will be have three of this year 's four majors between them , but Kaymer knows that the pressures of team golf are completely different . "  You see the fans singing songs on the first tee , like at a football stadium , it is just brilliant and we do n't really have that usually -- only every two years , " he says . For Kaymer , a football fan who cheered Germany to "  one of my proudest moments " as his national team claimed the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , this acts as extra motivation . "  You ca n't wait to go out there and play with your partner , play for the whole team , play for your continent and obviously play for my country , " he says . "  I played football when I was younger and I loved it . I loved that atmosphere , you know , when you play for each other , you fight for the same reason , for the same goal . " Despite Europe appearing to have the advantage on current form , Kaymer will not be taking anything for granted when the action starts Friday in Scotland . "  I think it will be a battle again -- it was very , very tight the last couple of times . And that is what is so nice about it -- it 's not like one team shows up and has no chance against the other , " he says . "  It 's great that you play for the pride -- it 's not about money , it 's not about world ranking points . It is fantastic to play . "	Martin Kaymer holed the crucial winning putt for Europe at 2012 Ryder Cup Completed remarkable comeback against U.S. at Medinah Kaymer has since won the 2014 U.S. Open title Shares three of this season 's four majors with Rory McIlroy
CNN  -- Last month , the Yemen-based branch of Ayman al-Zawahiri 's international terrorist network , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , released a worrying statement calling on Muslims around the world to forget their differences and renew their efforts to carry out operations against American targets , be they civilian , governmental , military or diplomatic . But this was by no means the most troubling aspect of the communique . More important than the threat -- which , let 's face it , is nothing new -- was the fact that this was the second statement from AQAP in recent months to go against al-Zawahiri 's official policy towards ISIS and express its wholehearted support for the group 's actions in Syria . The mere fact that AQAP has released another call for unity among Syria 's jihadist factions is worth ruminating on for a number of reasons . It is indicative of the fact that the al Qaeda network is even more decentralized -- fragmented , even -- than first meets the eye . After all , AQAP was expressing its support for a group that had not only long rejected the authority of al-Zawahiri , its nominal leader , but is also engaged in the most bitter of hostilities with another al-Qaeda affiliate , Jabhat al-Nusra  JN  . Making overtures to a group responsible for the death of thousands fighting for your closest ally in Syria is as significant as it is surprising . In releasing this statement , being outspokenly supportive of ISIS for the second time in just over a month , AQAP was sticking its neck on the line . However , its hubris paid off and the fact that we have , once again , heard nothing from al-Zawahiri compounds suspicions of his feeling blindsided and disempowered by the rise of ISIS . This latest message indicates just how much the global jihadist dynamic has shifted since the anti-ISIS coalition airstrikes began in August . Clearly , ISIS and al Qaeda are no longer as irreconcilable as many might have imagined back when the self-declared "  caliphate " was inaugurated in June . This phenomenon , something dealt with at length in Quilliam 's latest report on ISIS , does not bode well . Indeed , were ISIS and al Qaeda to cooperate in the pursuit of their often identical goal , the threat would be profoundly more difficult to resolve . Certainly , there is a long way to go before this could happen , but that does not mean its slowly increasing likelihood should be ignored . And it is not only al Qaeda affiliates that have made overtures to Syria 's warring jihadists . In September , for example , jihadist powerhouse Abu Muhammad al-Maqdisi spearheaded a "  global initiative " to stop infighting in Syria and focus on the "  real " enemy , in light of the "  Crusader campaign " . This was a significant about turn for a man who had , in the past , referred to "  IS " in the most pejorative of terms . Statements of support are very different to pledges of allegiance but , whatever the case , a trend towards reconciliation does seem to be emerging . Among jihadists , ISIS is no longer the pariah it once was and , whether we like it or not , this is a direct result of coalition planes dropping coalition bombs on jihadists in Syria . This is unsurprising . As many predicted back in June , intervention against ISIS has been effortlessly worked into the "  War on Islam " paradigm , that great legitimizer of Islamist-motivated violence . In a reimagining of "  the enemy of my enemy is my friend , " we are seeing jihadists rallying around the flag of anti-Westernism . This trend may be slow , but the fact that it is happening at all is deeply alarming . Moving forward , it is imperative that the West -- the United States in particular -- rolls back its military involvement in Iraq and Syria and ups the ante in terms of its humanitarian and diplomatic efforts ; the coalition must stop playing into the "  Crusader " paradigm . This means that -- and I 've said this before -- regional , Sunni-majority countries must take the crisis into their own hands , force an end to the Assad regime 's crimes and bring profound change to Iraq 's political status quo . Without that , jihadists across the world will continue on the path toward rapprochement , something that must be stopped immediately .	AQAP last month called on Muslims to forget differences focus on American targets Charlie Winter writes that it was the second such communique from the al Qaeda offshoot It indicates how much the global jihadist dynamic has changed since airstrikes began , he says The trend of jihadists rallying around the anti-Western flag is worrying , he writes
CNN  -- What would truly delight the geek in your life ? It 's nearly impossible to know if you do n't share his or her peculiar tastes . It 's not good enough just to get them a Rubik 's Cube or copy of "  The Hobbit . "  You know they could solve a Rubik 's Cube by the time they were 7 , and they already own the complete collection of Tolkien in hardback . Show them you care by learning about the things they like and demonstrating that knowledge with your gift choice . Start by determining what the geek in your life is obsessed with . Geeks are passionate about niche interests , and a little digging on your part is sure to result in a wide-eyed , bouncy , emphatic "  thank you ! " when it 's time to open presents . Once you have a good idea , look to niche , online shopping destinations such as ThinkGeek , Big Bad Toy Store , Nichibei , EA , SteamPowered and The Space Store . "  We sell what we think is cool , " Shane Peterman of ThinkGeek said . "  Everyone here , all the product buyers , we 're all geeks . So we have a pretty good handle on what we think would work . " Peterman said that sci-fi and fantasy-related merchandise always sells well for ThinkGeek , including anything having to do with franchises such as "  Star Wars , " "  Star Trek , " "  Doctor Who " and "  Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . " You can also find plenty of geeky merchandise on broader sites such as Amazon or Best Buy . Too late for shipping ? Head for a comic book store , where you can generally find figurines , collectable action figures and specialized merchandise as well as comic books , graphic novels , DVDs and manga . To find the comic book store nearest you , go to comicshoplocator.com . Or check out a hobby shop , which may have a room dedicated to games . Also go to gaming stores or bookstores . Bookstores such as Barnes & Noble or Borders have gaming books , comics and manga as well . Geek merchandise can be confusing for a gift-giver who does n't know what "  Neon Genesis Evangelion " is .  It 's a popular Japanese franchise about a group of teenagers who pilot robot-like vehicles in an apocalyptic war against "  Angels . " That 's why CNN.com 's Geek Out ! team collaborated with experts to compile a list of gift suggestions for the geeks in your life . But geeks are not one-size-fits-all , and our gift suggestions might not be right for your situation . If you ca n't find the specific thing the geek in your life likes , ask for help in a bookstore or comic shop . There 's usually one go-to geek on staff who can assist , pointing out suitable gifts within the genre . For example , if the comic book geek in your life has a good relationship with the local comic shop purveyor , they might have an established wish list of comic books from certain authors or artists . Fans of some sci-fi or fantasy television shows may also be part of the comic book fan culture , since many shows , such as "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " "  True Blood , " "  The Walking Dead " and "  Firefly , " continue and develop story lines in comic book format . Volumes collecting six-issue  or more  storylines are a growing phenomenon in the comic book world , so these would certainly be a big hit with the comic book geek in your life . "  Japanophile " geeks crave stories and characters that are different from American comic books and animation , said Colette Bennett , editor-in-chief of Tomopop.com , a blog about Japanese toys , collectibles and fan culture . "  From Japan 's obsession with over-the-top romance to the emphasis on always "  doing your best " and working hard , there 's something about -LSB- Japanese entertainment -RSB- that really makes you feel good , " Bennett said . That 's why these geeks turn to manga , a Japanese take on the comic book format , and anime , animated series and movies often based on the story lines in manga . Titans in anime include filmmakers Hayao Miyazaki , often called the "  Walt Disney of Japan , " and Katsuhiro Otomo , who created the groundbreaking 1988 film "  Akira . " While "  Star Trek " and "  Star Wars " have long defined what a passionate , sci-fi geek is all about , other established franchises such as "  Doctor Who " and "  Battlestar Galactica " and newer shows such as "  Fringe " also have large , passionate fan bases . It 's critical to establish which character , space ship or story line the sci-fi geek is interested in . If your geek likes "  Star Wars , " do n't assume that anything "  Star Wars " - related will do . Keep in mind there may be several iterations of the sci-fi franchise . Starwars.com and startrek.com include information about their different incarnations . The mainstreaming of some fantasy franchises certainly makes shopping for a fantasy geek easy , since merchandise is widely available . You 'd have to be pretty out of touch not to be aware of characters and plot from "  The Lord of the Rings " or "  Harry Potter , " given the popularity of the books and movies in the past decade . "  We love to love the good guys and love to hate the bad guys . With the added factor of magic and/or futuristic technology thrown in , anything is possible , " said Pat Dawson , a senior staffer of TheOneRing.net , a Tolkien fan site . See TheOneRing.net 's Tolkien gift guide Gamer geeks may prefer retro selections like the Atari and Nintendo games from arcades . Others could be into first-person shooter games or strategy games . Gamers are n't limited to computer or console games -- tabletop games such as Dungeons & Dragons capitalize on imagination and a role-playing penchant . Most gamers like to stay on the cutting edge of titles and tech . So if a game came out in November , it is likely they already have it . But downloadable content -- content that adds to games after they are released -- and add-ons that make game-play faster will be appreciated gifts . Of course , gift cards for game shops and outlets are the easiest way to please a gamer because they can choose exactly what they want . Just do n't be alarmed when you hear , "  Thanks for ` Slaughter Fest 2010 , ' Grandma ! " Shopping for an astronomy geek can be tough . They 're not a one-star-fits-all kind of crowd , explained Brittney Dempsey , office manager for NASA 's online Space Store . There are star geeks who like memorizing constellations and myths , NASA lovers who obsess over space travel and physics geeks who love stargazing and mapping . Before you pick a gift , make sure you know which kind of space geek you 're dealing with . Piece of advice : Space geeks are not necessarily "  Star Trek " or "  Star Wars " geeks . If you assume they are , be prepared -- your space geek will be quick to point out the differences between the reality that interests them and science fiction . Henry Hanks , Jamie Gumbrecht and Larry Frum contributed to this report .	Shop for geeks by going niche ; a little homework will go a long way Do n't be afraid to go into a comic book store -- you 'll find helpful service there Geeks are not one-size-fits-all ; not every space fan loves "  Star Wars "
The time is nearing for a potentially definitive U.S. response to alleged Syrian government atrocities and an increasingly violent military crackdown in Egypt , President Barack Obama said in an exclusive interview broadcast Friday on CNN 's "  New Day . " The U.S. remains "  one indispensable nation " in the volatile Middle East and elsewhere , Obama told "  New Day " anchor Chris Cuomo . "  We have to think through strategically what 's going to be in our long term national interests . " Asked by Cuomo whether the U.S. government is now facing a "  more abbreviated time frame " on key decisions in Egypt and Syria , Obama repeatedly gave a one-word response : yes . The president sat down with Cuomo on Thursday evening -- after having delivered a speech in Syracuse , New York -- to discuss a wide range of critical domestic and international issues . These included upheavals abroad , soaring college tuition at home , a possible government shutdown this fall , and politically sensitive revelations of illegal surveillance by the National Security Agency . Obama plans to embrace a hero at the White House Read the interview transcript Asked about claims by anti-regime activists in Syria that Bashar al-Assad 's government used chemical weapons in an attack that was said to have killed more than 1,300 people , Obama responded that officials are "  right now gathering information " and that "  what we 've seen indicates that this is clearly a big event of grave concern . " "  It is very troublesome , " the president stressed . Obama said U.S. officials are pushing "  to prompt better action " from the United Nations , and are calling on the Syrian government to allow an investigation of the site of the alleged attack outside Damascus . "  We do n't expect cooperation  from the Syrian government  , given their past history , " Obama conceded . He quickly followed up with a warning , however , that "  core national interests " of the U.S. are now involved in Syria 's civil war , "  both in terms of us making sure that weapons of mass destruction are not proliferating , as well as needing to protect our allies , our bases in the region . " A new push on college affordability Obama spoke to CNN on the first day of a bus tour selling his new higher education affordability proposal , which includes a plan to create a college ratings system designed to better inform parents and students while pressuring colleges and universities to lower skyrocketing tuition costs . The president told Cuomo that the rapidly rising cost of a college education has been fueled both by liberals who have n't demanded that colleges control costs , and conservatives who downplay the burden placed on students . Obama : Conservatives , liberals share blame on college cost spike "  The problem we 've got right now is that when it comes to liberals , they 've tended to say , ` Let 's just give more money to the system and increase student loans and grants and aid , ' " Obama argued . "  And then , you know , you 've got some on the right who 've said , ` Money does n't matter , and young people should be able to figure it out on their own . ' " In 2011 , students owed an average of nearly $ 27,000 in loans , making it second only to mortgages in consumer debt . Lawmakers on Capitol Hill recently struck a deal maintaining current low interest rates on loans . Higher education loan rates are now tied to the market rates , however , which means they will rise in the future . Obama called the congressional compromise a "  stop-gap measure " that does n't deal with the underlying problems of rising costs of higher education . Pressure for tougher action on Syria Cuomo asked Obama to respond to harsh criticism from his 2008 presidential rival , Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain , who recently argued on "  New Day " that America 's credibility in the region has been damaged by a slow administration response in both Syria and Egypt . "  I am sympathetic to Senator McCain 's passion for helping people work through what is an extraordinarily difficult and heartbreaking situation , both in Syria and in Egypt , " Obama replied . "  But what I think the American people also expect me to do as president is to think through what we do from the perspective of what is in our long term national interests . " Obama warned against getting "  mired in very difficult situations ...  and  being drawn into very expensive , difficult , costly interventions that actually breed more resentment in the region . " Obama : Syria will ` require America 's attention ' Cuomo noted it has now been a year since Obama first said the use of chemical weapons in Syria would cross a "  red line " and force a tough U.S. response . Administration officials confirmed in June that chemical agents were used in April , resulting in an uptick of military aid to rebels that did little to assuage White House critics . "  If the U.S. goes in and attacks another country without a U.N. mandate and without clear evidence that can be presented , then there are questions in terms of whether international law supports it , " Obama told Cuomo . "  Do we have the coalition to make it work ? " he asked . "  You know , those are considerations that we have to take into account . " The costs of military action "  have to take those into account as we try to work within an international framework to do everything we can to see Assad ousted , " Obama concluded . Syria under pressure to allow probe of chemical weapons claim The crisis in Egypt Cuomo also asked Obama about a growing congressional push to cut off over $ 1.2 billion in U.S. aid to the military-backed government in Egypt , where a military crackdown on supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy has resulted in the killing of roughly 900 people . Obama : Aid to Egypt no longer business as usual So far , the Pentagon has canceled upcoming military exercises and delayed the delivery of fighter jets , and is reviewing all other aspects of assistance , including military and economic help . "  My sense ... with Egypt is that the aid itself may not reverse what the interim government does , " Obama said . "  But I think what most Americans would say is that we have to be very careful about being seen as aiding and abetting actions that we think run contrary to our values and our ideals . " The president said the administration is currently "  doing a full evaluation of the U.S.-Egyptian relationship , " and that there is "  no doubt that we ca n't return to business as usual , given what 's happened . " "  There was a space right after Mr. Morsy was removed in which we did a lot of heavy lifting and a lot of diplomatic work to try to encourage the military to move in a path of reconciliation , " the president added . But "  they did not take that opportunity . " A looming fight with congressional Republicans Obama was slightly less diplomatic in his discussion of politics back in Washington , where a number of GOP congressional critics are spoiling for a fight this fall over the possibility of a partial government shutdown after September 30 and the need to raise the federal debt limit . Obama : Republicans privately ` agree ' with me Specifically , conservatives in the GOP-controlled House of Representatives are debating using both issues as leverage to force new budget cuts and defund Obamacare , the president 's signature health care reform law . "  There is nobody out there who thinks that us not paying bills we 've already racked up is good for the economy  or  is appropriate , " Obama argued . "  Nobody thinks that . So why are we even talking about ? " As for shutting down the government , that 's "  bad for not just people who work for the government , but all the contractors ... and the defense folks and everybody who is impacted by the services that they receive from the federal government , " Obama said . But "  Republicans , after having taken 40 votes to try to get rid of Obamacare , see this as their last gasp . " The NSA and privacy concerns Asked about the latest revelation that the National Security Agency inadvertently pulled some Americans ' e-mails , Obama argued that the news shows "  all these safeguards , checks , audits ,  and  oversight worked . " Obama said he is confident no one at the NSA is "  trying to abuse this program or listen in on people 's e-mail . " But he said there are "  legitimate concerns that people have " regarding rapidly changing surveillance technology . "  There 's no doubt that , for all the work that 's been done to protect the American people 's privacy , the capabilities of the NSA are scary to people , " Obama said . "  What I recognize is that we 're going to have to continue to improve the safeguards . And as technology moves forward , that means that we may be able to build technologies that give people more assurance , " he added Obama : NSA revelations show oversight worked The Washington Post reported last week that an internal audit of the NSA found the agency had broken privacy rules "  thousands of times each year " since 2008 . The 2012 audit , the Post reported , found 2,776 incidents of "  unauthorized collection , storage , access to or distribution of legally protected communications " in the preceding 12 months . The newspaper received the internal audit from NSA leaker Edward Snowden , who sparked the controversy over domestic surveillance when he first stepped forward in June . An empty nest and a new dog Asked about life at home at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , Obama said he 's starting to brace himself for the day when his daughters , Sasha and Malia , head off to college . "  What I 'm discovering is that each year , I get more excited about spending time with them , " the president said . But "  they get a little less excited " about spending time with their parents . The first couple is dealing with the change in part with the help of a new dog -- a Portuguese water dog named Sunny . "  I think there is an element from Michelle and me , we see what 's coming , and we need to make sure that we have somebody who greets us at the door when we get home , " Obama noted . The Obamas also have another Portuguese water dog , Bo , who was brought by the first family to the White House in 2009 . Preparing to be 'em pty nesters , ' the Obamas turn to Sunny	CNN EXCLUSIVE : Obama says U.S. faces more abbreviated timeframe on Syria , Egypt Obama tells "  New Day " anchor Chris Cuomo "  we have to think " strategically Obama says he plans to invite woman who confronted gunman at Atlanta-area school Says home can seem quieter as teen daughters seek more independence
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Yitzhak Shamir , a political hard-liner who served two terms as Israeli prime minster , died Saturday , the prime minister 's office said . Shamir , 96 , served as premier from 1983 to 1984 , and from 1986 to 1992 . He also was Israel 's foreign minister from 1980 to 1986 . Born in Poland , Shamir moved to Palestine and fought for Israeli independence . He joined the Likud movement , serving as a member of Israel 's parliament , and also worked for the Mossad , Israel 's intelligence service . Shamir succeeded Menachem Begin as prime minister in 1983 . "  Yitzhak Shamir belonged to the generation of giants who established the State of Israel and fought for the freedom of the Jewish people on their land , " said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a fellow Likud member . It was during Shamir 's second term as prime minister that the Gulf War broke out , leaving him with the question of how to respond to Iraqi Scud missiles falling on Israeli soil . Israeli government and military officials pressed him to retaliate and the United States urged him not to , and Shamir ultimately assured Washington he would not strike back . Shamir also presided over negotiations with Egypt on the post-treaty normalization process , and started diplomatic relations with several African countries that had severed relations with Israel after the Yom Kippur War , according to a biography of Shamir on the prime minister 's website . Shamir ordered Operation Solomon , the airlift rescue of thousands of Ethiopian Jews following a regime change in 1991 . During the operation , which took less than 48 hours , 14,000 Jews boarded Israeli planes to emigrate to Israel , according to the Israeli government . In September 1991 , Shamir represented Israel at the International Peace Conference in Madrid . Israeli President Shimon Peres called Shamir a "  brave warrior . " "  He fought with courage against the British mandate in the days of the underground and his incredible contribution to the State of Israel during his time in the Mossad will remain forever enshrined in the tales of bravery of our nation , " Peres said in a statement . Shamir was a leader of the Jewish Zionist underground group that fought the mandate in the 1940s . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Shamir dedicated his life to Israel . "  From his days working for Israel 's independence to his service as prime minister , he strengthened Israel 's security and advanced the partnership between the United States and Israel , " she said in a statement . CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	Shimon Peres calls Shamir a "  brave warrior " The 96-year-old politician was involved in key foreign policy initiatives Netanyahu says he "  belonged to the generation of giants " that established the state Shamir led Israel during the first Gulf War , when Iraqi missiles fell on Israel
CNN  -- Easter is upon us and , like clockwork , hordes of brightly wrapped chocolate bunnies and eggs have begun their domination of supermarket aisles . While these sugar-filled options are sure to please the average eater , the true cocoa connoisseur might be left with a craving for something more . Something better . This list of the most unforgettable chocolate escapes across the world -- from soothing chocolate spa treatments to a chocolate molding masterclass -- guarantee a delicious Easter getaway . The Chocolate Boutique Hotel  Bournemouth , UK Widely acclaimed as the planet 's first chocolate-themed hotel , this heritage home-away-from-home has 15 unique rooms done up in rich mocha and caramel hues . Events include everything from chocolate-shoe molding workshops to sleepovers with chocolate and wine pairings , do-it-yourself chocolate artwork  with white , dark and Belgian milk chocolate serving as paint material  and an in-room chocolate fountain . Complimentary chocolate is delivered to each room daily . We suggest packing pants with an elastic waistband . The Chocolate Boutique Hotel , 5 Durley Road , Bournemouth , Dorset ; +44  0  1202 556 857 ; from $ 148 per night The Hotel Hershey  Pennsylvania Proclaiming itself "  the sweetest place on earth , " Hershey , Pennsylvania , is the headquarters of The Hershey Company , the popular Hersheypark amusement center and , of course , the official Hershey Hotel . Dedicated to all things chocolate , the property 's activities include family s'mores roasts , chocolate bingo and plenty of sugary seasonal events such as an annual Easter egg hunt . The on-site Chocolate Spa offers treatments like the Whipped Cocoa Bath , the Chocolate Bean Polish and the Chocolate Fondue Wrap . The Hotel Hershey , 100 Hotel Road , Hershey , Pennsylvania ; +1 717 533 2171 ; from $ 287 per night Hotel Chocolat  St. Lucia This picturesque luxury retreat is located along the verdant cocoa groves of the Caribbean island 's oldest plantation . Guests can enjoy beautiful views , a top-notch spa , plush four-poster beds and plenty of desserts made from on-site beans . What sets the place apart as a chocolate-lover 's haven is the unique Tree-to-Bar experience . The excursion includes a tour through the estate 's cocoa groves and a tutorial on how to select and pick ripe cocoa pods . It culminates in a chocolate bar workshop and tasting . Hotel Chocolat , The Rabot Estate , Soufriere , Saint Lucia ; +1 758 572 9600 ; from $ 374 per night Three Ways House Hotel  Gloucestershire , UK This charming boutique hotel is home to the Pudding Club , an organization whose weekly meetings consist of a "  Parade of Seven Puddings " and a vote-off for the top dessert . In addition to several pudding-themed rooms , the inn caters to chocoholics -- there 's a chocolate suite where even the pillows are designed to look like bonbons . The real sugar rush comes from the Three Ways ' special chocolate indulgence package , which includes a box of handmade chocolates , a chocolate-featured snack , dinner and breakfast , a chocolate treasure hunt and , finally , a chocolate cookery demonstration and tasting . Three Ways House Hotel , B4632 to Mickleton , Chipping Campden , Gloucestershire ; +44  0  1386 438 429 ; from $ 151 per night The Langham Boston  Massachusetts The Langham Boston 's Café Fleuri is the place to be on a Saturday afternoon , when row upon row of sweet things are on offer at the all-you-can-eat chocolate bar . For more than 25 years the dessert extravaganza has served up everything from chocolate croissant bread pudding and truffles to whoopee pies and cocoa-infused martinis , ensuring that no chocolate desire is left unsatisfied . More than 200 pounds of chocolate are consumed at the Saturday event each week . The Langham Boston , 250 Franklin St. , Boston ; +1 617 451 1900 ; from $ 219 per night Kristen McKenzie works for HotelsCombined.com and specializes in hospitality industry trends . The global hotel price comparison site searches , rates and availability from all major travel sites , is available in over 40 languages and has a database of 800,000 properties .	More than 200 pounds of chocolate are consumed at Café Fleuri 's buffet Chocolate Bar each Saturday Chocolate is featured in every dinner course and breakfast for Three Way House Hotel 's chocolate indulgence package The Hotel Hershey of Hersheypark hosts an annual Easter egg hunt said to be "  legendary "
CNN  -- Who walked away with Oscars this year ? The following is a complete list of winners at the 81st annual Academy Awards . For more on the stars , the speeches and the spectacle , read the full story . Best picture "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " "  Frost/Nixon " "  Milk " "  The Reader " WINNER : "  Slumdog Millionaire " Director WINNER : Danny Boyle , "  Slumdog Millionaire " Stephen Daldry , "  The Reader " David Fincher , "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " Ron Howard , "  Frost/Nixon " Gus Van Sant , "  Milk " Actor Richard Jenkins , "  The Visitor " Frank Langella , "  Frost/Nixon " WINNER : Sean Penn , "  Milk " Brad Pitt , "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " Mickey Rourke , "  The Wrestler " Actress Anne Hathaway , "  Rachel Getting Married " Angelina Jolie , "  Changeling " Melissa Leo , "  Frozen River " Meryl Streep , "  Doubt " WINNER : Kate Winslet , "  The Reader " Supporting actor Josh Brolin , "  Milk " Robert Downey Jr. , "  Tropic Thunder " Philip Seymour Hoffman , "  Doubt " WINNER : Heath Ledger , "  The Dark Knight " Michael Shannon , "  Revolutionary Road " Supporting actress Amy Adams , "  Doubt " WINNER : Penelope Cruz , "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona " Viola Davis , "  Doubt " Taraji P. Henson , "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " Marisa Tomei , "  The Wrestler " Animated feature "  Bolt " "  Kung Fu Panda " WINNER : "  WALL-E " Adapted screenplay "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " screenplay by Eric Roth , screen story by Eric Roth and Robin Swicord "  Doubt , " written by John Patrick Shanley "  Frost/Nixon , " screenplay by Peter Morgan "  The Reader , " screenplay by David Hare WINNER : "  Slumdog Millionaire , " screenplay by Simon Beaufoy Original screenplay "  Frozen River , " written by Courtney Hunt "  Happy-Go-Lucky , " written by Mike Leigh "  In Bruges , " written by Martin McDonagh WINNER : "  Milk , " written by Dustin Lance Black "  WALL-E , " screenplay by Andrew Stanton , Jim Reardon ; original story by Andrew Stanton , Pete Docter Art direction "  Changeling , " James J. Murakami ; set decoration : Gary Fettis WINNER : "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Donald Graham Burt ; set decoration : Victor J. Zolfo "  The Dark Knight , " Nathan Crowley ; set decoration : Peter Lando "  The Duchess , " Michael Carlin ; set decoration : Rebecca Alleway "  Revolutionary Road , " Kristi Zea ; set decoration : Debra Schutt Cinematography "  Changeling , " Tom Stern "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Claudio Miranda "  The Dark Knight , " Wally Pfister "  The Reader , " Chris Menges and Roger Deakins WINNER : "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Anthony Dod Mantle Costume design "  Australia , " Catherine Martin "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Jacqueline West WINNER : "  The Duchess , " Michael O'Connor "  Milk , " Danny Glicker "  Revolutionary Road , " Albert Wolsky Documentary feature "  The Betrayal  Nerakhoon  " "  Encounters at the End of the World " "  The Garden " WINNER : "  Man on Wire " "  Trouble the Water " Documentary short "  The Conscience of Nhem En " "  The Final Inch " WINNER : "  Smile Pinki " "  The Witness -- From the Balcony of Room 306 " Film editing "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Kirk Baxter and Angus Wall "  The Dark Knight , " Lee Smith "  Frost/Nixon , " Mike Hill and Dan Hanley "  Milk , " Elliot Graham WINNER : "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Chris Dickens Foreign language film "  The Baader Meinhof Complex , " Germany "  The Class , " France WINNER : "  Departures , " Japan "  Revanche , " Austria "  Waltz with Bashir , " Israel Makeup WINNER : "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Greg Cannom "  The Dark Knight , " John Caglione Jr. and Conor O'Sullivan "  Hellboy II : The Golden Army , " Mike Elizalde and Thom Floutz Original score "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Alexandre Desplat "  Defiance , " James Newton Howard "  Milk , " Danny Elfman WINNER : "  Slumdog Millionaire , " A.R. Rahman "  WALL-E , " Thomas Newman Original song "  Down to Earth " from "  WALL-E , " music by Peter Gabriel and Thomas Newman , lyrics by Peter Gabriel WINNER : "  Jai Ho " from "  Slumdog Millionaire , " music by A.R. Rahman , lyrics by Gulzar "  O Saya " from "  Slumdog Millionaire , " music and lyrics by A.R. Rahman and Maya Arulpragasam Animated short WINNER : "  La Maison en Petits Cubes " "  Lavatory -- Lovestory " "  Oktapodi " "  Presto " "  This Way Up " Live-action short "  Auf der Strecke  On the Line  " "  Manon on the Asphalt " "  New Boy " "  The Pig " WINNER : "  Spielzeugland " Sound editing WINNER : "  The Dark Knight , " Richard King "  Iron Man , " Frank Eulner and Christopher Boyes "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Glenn Freemantle and Tom Sayers "  WALL-E , " Ben Burtt and Matthew Wood "  Wanted , " Wylie Stateman Sound mixing "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " David Parker , Michael Semanick , Ren Klyce and Mark Weingarten "  The Dark Knight , " Lora Hirschberg , Gary Rizzo and Ed Novick WINNER : "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Ian Tapp , Richard Pryke and Resul Pookutty "  WALL-E , " Tom Myers , Michael Semanick and Ben Burtt "  Wanted , " Chris Jenkins , Frank A. Montaño and Petr Forejt Visual effects WINNER : "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " Eric Barba , Steve Preeg , Burt Dalton and Craig Barron "  The Dark Knight , " Nick Davis , Chris Corbould , Tim Webber and Paul Franklin "  Iron Man , " John Nelson , Ben Snow , Dan Sudick and Shane Mahan	"  Slumdog Millionaire " wins eight Oscars , including best picture and director Sean Penn 's "  Milk " role earns him a second best actor Oscar Kate Winslet awarded best actress Oscar for "  The Reader " Penelope Cruz and the late Heath Ledger win for supporting roles
Aachen , Germany  CNN  -- Three men have been sent to prison for the acid attack that nearly blinded Sergei Filin . But the artistic director of the Bolshoi Ballet says that nothing can give him back what he has lost . In an exclusive interview with CNN in Aachen , Germany , on the day his attackers were sentenced in a Moscow court , Filin said the attack had dented his spirit as well as leaving him in agony and partially disfigured . "  It 's not just a problem with my eyes , it 's a problem with my heart , " he said . Filin now wears dark glasses much of the time and has undergone numerous surgeries in Germany since the attack in a Moscow street last January . And he bears the pain of knowing that it was one of the dancers in his own world-renowned company who masterminded the attack , star soloist Pavel Dmitrichenko . Dmitrichenko was sent to prison for six years Tuesday , while accomplice Yuri Zarutsky was sentenced to 10 years and driver Andrei Lipatov got four years . Filin said he accepts the court 's verdict and sentencing -- but he is not prepared to forgive and forget . "  Of course not , I can not forgive them because there is no sentence nor punishment today that would enable me to recover my eyesight , the eyesight that I once had , " he said . "  What will happen in the course of my future treatment , nobody knows . Whatever is ahead , it will be a struggle . " So far doctors have managed to restore some of Filin 's vision , but his sight remains impaired . ` It hurt all over my skin ' As a dancer , Sergei Filin was one of Russia 's brightest stars . Now 43 , he took up the key role of artistic director at the storied Bolshoi Ballet in 2011 , after three years directing Moscow 's Stanislavsky and Nemirovich-Danchenko Music Theater , amid what was reported to be fierce rivalry . He won the position but his artistic leadership of Russia 's most prominent cultural icon has been marred by scandal , not least the horrific attack he suffered outside his Moscow home . Filin recalls what happened on that fateful January day , when a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid into his face . "  What I felt was unbearable agony . It hurt all over my skin and I immediately felt an atrocious pain in my eyes , " he said . "  There was lots of snow around and I slid and fell several times . But I felt the cold snow was relieving the pain , so I started covering my face with it . " He was eventually helped by passersby . But the damage was already done -- and the next time he was seen in public , it was with his head swathed in bandages and third-degree burns to his face and eyes . When it emerged that Dmitrichenko was behind the attack , the dark rivalries and score-settling at the heart of the Bolshoi were laid bare , amid allegations of affairs , corruption and jealousy . Filin does not believe that different actions on his part might have resulted in a different outcome . "  Those accusations that we have heard have not been underpinned by any evidence , " he said . "  They are all lies aimed at lessening the degree of guilt or punishment for this crime . " CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Aachen and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	"  It 's not just a problem with my eyes , it 's a problem with my heart , " says Sergei Filin Filin says he accepts court 's verdict for his attackers but can not forgive them "  It hurt all over my skin and I immediately felt an atrocious pain in my eyes , " he says of attack
CNN  -- All 12 of the victims killed in Monday 's shooting rampage at Washington 's Navy Yard were contractors or civilians , authorities said Monday night . Officials identified seven of those killed . They are : Michael Arnold , 59 ; Sylvia Frasier , 53 ; Kathy Gaarde , 62 ; John Roger Johnson , 73 ; Frank Kohler , 50 ; Vishnu Pandit , 61 ; and Kenneth Bernard Proctor , 46 ; None of those killed were military personnel , authorities said . Wounded survivors of Monday 's shooting are eligible for treatment at a U.S. military ' hospital , just as if they were soldiers wounded in war . U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus announced that Walter Reed Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , is open to them as he visited two civilian Navy workers being treated at MedStar Washington Hospital Center Monday afternoon . Twelve victims -- and the suspected shooter -- died as a result of Monday morning 's rampage at the headquarters for the Naval Sea Systems Command , officials said . It could take another day until everyone is accounted for , the Navy secretary said Monday . A maintenance worker who tried to warn others was among those shot , according to U.S. Navy Cmdr. Tim Jirus . Jirus told CNN he was standing in an alley at the bottom of a fire escape supervising the evacuation of Building 197 when a worker from a nearby maintenance building approached him . "  He walked up and told me that he heard that there was a shooter in our building , " Jirus said . "  And we were just standing there maybe three feet away having a conversation , and then we heard two more gunshots , and he went down and that 's when I ran . " Jirus said he did not know the man . He was "  fairly certain he is dead , because he was shot in the head . " "  I do n't feel lucky that he got hit instead of me , but I feel lucky to be here , " Jirus said . At least one person , and possibly a second , opened fire , District of Columbia Mayor Vincent Gray said . Police said one suspected shooter was killed . Three other shooting victims who were flown to MedStar Washington Hospital Center are expected to survive , hospital Chief Medical Officer Dr. Janis Orlowski told reporters about three hours after the attack began around 8:20 a.m. Monday . Dr. Orlowski gave more details later in the day about her patients , including a Washington Metropolitan police officer who was in surgery Monday afternoon "  for gunshot wounds that "  involve bones and blood vessels of lower legs . " "  He was most concerned about being able to talk to his mother and wanted to make sure he was able to speak to her before he went into surgery , " Orlowski said . Doctors could know after another day about the police officer 's chances of walking again , she said . Witness : ` He aimed his gun at us ' and fired The two other victims at MedStar Washington Hospital Center were women , including one shot in the shoulder and the other with a head wound , Orlowski said . A helicopter plucked one of the wounded women from a roof and carried her to the hospital , she said . "  Their chances of survival are very good , " she said . The patients were all in stable condition , she said . The woman with the shoulder wound was "  in very , very good spirits , " Orlowski said . "  She 's actually ordering the doctors and nurses around , and we told her we are in charge here . " The other woman suffered a "  significant wound " to her hand and head , but the bullet did n't actually penetrate her skull , she said . Her father rushed to the Navy Yard when he heard about the shooting , Orlowski said . He found her as paramedics were treating her on the scene , she said . The three patients were each alert when they arrived at the hospital and they sometimes talked about the shooting , Orlowski said . The most common question was about the fate of their co-workers . "  They 're very worried about their colleagues , " she said . "  It 's the only question that I 've heard about the incident . We 've not shared that with them . " Mabus went to the hospital to check on the two women , who are Navy employees . "  We got to meet one of the victims , a young woman and her family , " Maybus said . "  She is , under the circumstances , doing very well . I also got to talk to the husband of the second victim , who is in surgery right now . But none of the injuries are expected to be life-threatening . " Relatives of people who worked in Building 197 gathered near the Navy yard , hoping for information about their loved ones . Jacqueline Alston said she has not heard from her husband , Ernest , who is a custodial worker there . "  Right now , I 'm asking God to let me hear that voice , to let me see that man again , " Alston said . "  All I know is , I 'm supposed to be patient , which I am trying to hold on , being patient and understanding , and ask God what created this problem ? What started this ? " Mabus said Monday that it could take 24 to 35 hours for Navy officials to account for everyone . He gave two telephone numbers people can call to check on family members who may have been at the Navy Yard . The numbers are : 202-433-6151 and 202-433-9713 "  When you call we will not be able to give you a status report , " Mabus said . "  We 'll have to check and call back . " Latest developments CNN 's Jonathan Auerbach contributed to this report .	NEW : None of those killed were military personnel , authorities say A wounded cop asked to call mom before surgery , doctor says A Navy commander says he saw maintenance worker shot in head
Melissa Harris-Lacewell is associate professor of politics and African-American studies at Princeton University . She is the author of the award-winning book , "  Barbershops , Bibles , and BET : Everyday Talk and Black Political Thought " and writes a daily blog titled The Kitchen Table . Melissa Harris-Lacewell says Eric Holder 's speech fell short of calling for real action against racism . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- On Wednesday , Attorney General Eric Holder marked Black History Month with an address at the Department of Justice . Holder clearly and courageously acknowledged the history of American racism . He forthrightly argued that , "  to get to the heart of this country , one must examine its racial soul . " Because public officials so rarely discuss race , Holder 's was an unusually bold statement . But ultimately , Eric Holder 's discussion of race in America was a failure . It failed because Holder spoke more like a grade school principal than like the attorney general of the United States . He framed our nation 's continuing racial work as a struggle to feel comfortable , be tolerant , and have "  frank conversations about racial matters . " I appreciate the sentiment , but I would prefer Holder use the Department of Justice to sue those who illegally discriminate against racial minorities rather than holding encounter sessions in the lunchroom . February 's celebration of black history is important because it reminds us that America 's bitter racial legacy is not about name calling and hurt feelings ; it is about structures of inequality codified in law and supported by government action . Black men and women risked their lives to gain the right to vote , to live where they chose , to educate their children in the best public schools , and to end segregation in transportation and public places . Black political history is the story of a battle against structures . Unfortunately , too many of those structures still exist . As attorney general , Eric Holder is charged , in part , with eliminating those violations of law that still create systematic racial inequality . In Holder 's optimistic portrayal of modern America , we are a nation fundamentally altered by Brown v. Board of Education ; a country that has "  done a pretty good job melding the races in the workplace ; " and a nation whose biggest racial obstacle is making our weekend socializing as congenial as our workweek happy hours . Maybe Holder does n't realize that in many cities and towns the public schools are more segregated today than they were 40 years ago . A recent report from the Chicago Urban League found that African-American children in the city are almost exclusively educated in schools that are more than 85 percent black . These vastly predominantly black schools have fewer resources , fewer extracurricular activities and fewer experienced teachers than their white counterparts . Children from these schools are more likely to drop out or end up incarcerated than to enroll in college . Segregation is no longer the law of the land , but America 's children continue to be educated in separate and unequal schools . We ca n't talk our way out of unequal schools . Holder 's perspective that black and white workers get along easily in the workplace reflects a shocking disregard for contemporary employment realities . African-Americans continue to suffer from extraordinary employment discrimination at every stage of hiring and promotion and in every sector of the job market . For example , my Princeton University colleague , sociologist Devah Pager , has demonstrated that white men with criminal records are more likely to be considered for a job than black men with no criminal past . I am deeply concerned that the leader of the Department of Justice seems to believe that our workplaces need dialogue , discourse , and understanding rather than fair hiring practices , equal pay , and transparent promotion procedures . We ca n't talk our way out of employers who refuse to interview a job candidate if the name on the résumé "  sounds black . " Holder discussed weekend segregation as if it is just a matter of personal recreational choice : White folks go off to NASCAR and black people prefer to watch basketball . But the reason Americans do not share racial vocabulary or opportunities for interracial dialogue is because of deeply entrenched racial residential segregation . We do n't spend our weekends together because we do n't live in the same neighborhoods . Housing segregation is not just a matter of personal choice . Some real estate agents steer black families away from predominantly white neighborhoods . Some property owners refuse to rent to black families . Both of these acts are illegal . In fact , the National Fair Housing Alliance documents hundred of thousands of acts of housing discrimination each year and has repeatedly criticized the Department of Justice for failing to adequately pursue and prosecute the vast majority of these cases . We ca n't talk our way out of residential segregation . As a teacher , I am deeply committed to interracial dialogue . I try to use my classroom as a site of conversation , deliberation , and debate about race . I do this because , as a teacher , dialogue is the most powerful weapon I have in the fight to build a better America . Eric Holder has something more . He has the law . I do n't want my attorney general to scold me about having conversations ; I want him to tell me the lawsuits he plans to file against those who continue to practice educational , employment , and housing discrimination . I appreciate Attorney General Holder for taking up a conversation on race , but it is not enough . The time for talking may come , but today is a day for action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Harris-Lacewell .	Melissa Harris-Lacewell : Eric Holder 's speech was ultimately a failure She says it was courageous for the attorney general to talk about race Rather than seek racial dialogue , she says , Holder should have called for action Harris-Lacewell : Discrimination is rampant and needs to be addressed
CNN  -- Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens are swell and all , but boys and girls from around the world have vastly different interpretations of their "  favorite things , " according to a new book by Italian photographer Gabriele Galimberti . Galimberti visited more than 50 countries to document children with their most prized playthings for "  Toy Stories : Photos of Children from Around the World and Their Favorite Things , " which will be released on March 25 . The photos prompt readers to reflect on the abundance of possessions that some children enjoy while others live a comparatively pared down existence because of poverty or their cultural values . "  The fewer toys a child had , the less possessive he or she was about them , " notes London-based writer Ben Machell in the book 's introduction . "  Galimberti describes having to spend several hours winning the trust of Western children before they would consent to let him touch their planes , cars , or dolls . ` In poorer countries , they do n't care as much . They play in a different way , running around , sharing one ball between them all . ' " Not only are the toys reflective of the children 's socioeconomic class but also their parents ' aspirations . "  Hopes and ambitions are passed down through the toys parents choose for their children . Children from families boasting musicians invariably receive toy instruments , " Machell writes , also noting that a cab driver 's son had a fleet of toy cars . Galimberti recently chatted with CNN via e-mail about "  Toy Stories . " The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : Where did you get the idea for the project ? Gabriele Galimberti : I started this project almost by chance . The first photo I took of this series was in Tuscany  Alessia , the girl with the cows in the background  . She 's the daughter of one of my best friends ; that friend asked me to photograph her child . -LSB- When -RSB- I went to their house , and she was playing with the cows , I thought that situation was really nice and I decided to take the photo of her there with the cows and her toys . I really loved the result of that photo , and some months later when I was starting my trip around the world , I decided to take the same kind of photo in every country that I was going to visit . I had the opportunity to travel around the world for more than two years because , at that time , I was working for one of the major Italian magazines "  D-La Repubblica . " I was doing a project about CouchSurfing.org , so I traveled to 58 countries by only using the network . All the children that I have photographed are somehow connected to the couch surfers that hosted me along my long trip . They are their children , their nieces and nephews or simply their neighbors . Picture this : ` Much Loved ' teddy bears CNN : These toys are obviously prized possessions to the boys and girls -- how did you earn the children 's trust ? Galimberti : I played with them ! And , of course , with the help of their parents . Most of the time , it was really easy to get their trust . I always had the photos of the children I photographed before , so sometimes it was just enough to show them the other photos to convince them to pose for me . I was really surprised to see how easy it was for children to understand my project . CNN Photos : Clown ` revolution ' lifts refugee kids CNN : What did you want the project 's takeaway to be ? Galimberti : I do n't want to give any particular message . I just wanted to show how different we are in the world , and how different people live all around the globe . CNN : Did any particular photo shoots stick out ? Galimberti : Every child and photo has their own funny anecdote , but one of the most particular is the one I photographed in Zambia : Maudy , the girl with the sunglasses . I was in this little village in the north part of the country , a place where there is almost nothing -- no electricity , no running water and , of course , no toy stores . It is almost impossible to find a child with a toy . Almost all of the children play outside with each other , and they are used to playing with anything they find outside . I was lucky enough to arrive in that village a couple of days after Maudy found a box of sunglasses on the ground along the main road . Her mother told me she thought they had fallen off a truck , but all the children in the village were playing with these glasses . CNN : Did you have a favorite toy growing up that you would have been photographed with if the shoe was on the other foot ? Galimberti : Yes , from ages 3 to 6 , I had a little -LSB- plush -RSB- monkey that I called Bongo Bongo . That was for sure my favorite one !	"  Toy Stories " features kids from around the world with their favorite toys Photographer Gabriele Galimberti visited more than 50 countries for the project The book will be released on March 25 by publisher Abrams Image
CNN  -- Roberto Mancini has signed a new five-year contract with Manchester City after guiding the club to their first English title for 44 years . The Italian oversaw a gripping finale to the Premier League season when two injury time goals in City 's last match of the campaign saw them pip rivals Manchester United to the championship . The former Inter Milan manager has now committed his future to the club until 2017 . "  I am delighted to be able to give all of my efforts to Manchester City for a further five years , " Mancini told the club 's official website . Manchester City win Premier League title in thrilling finale "  The opportunity which exists to build on our recent success is enormous . Manchester City is a fantastic football club , from the owner , chairman , board and the executive team , through to the players , staff and fans . "  I am very much looking forward to the challenges and excitement ahead . " Mancini was appointed in December 2009 after the club sacked Mark Hughes , and has been afforded millions to spend in the transfer market by the club 's oil-rich owners . Players like Yaya Toure , David Silva , Mario Balotelli and Sergio Aguero have all arrived for multi-million dollar fees and helped the club to their first major trophy in 2011 , when they won the English FA Cup . It was a goal from Argentina striker Aguero that confirmed their dramatic Premier League victory in the final game of last season against Queens Park Rangers , now managed by Hughes . It marked a shift in power in the Premier League as Mancini and his team finally toppled Manchester United , who have a record 20 English titles to their name . City 's interim chief executive officer , John MacBeath , said of the deal : "  Roberto 's managerial credentials have been well proven in Europe for many years . "  In leading a team which has won the FA Cup and an unforgettable Premier League title in successive seasons , his ability to manage in the English domestic game is also undisputed . "  This new agreement allows Roberto to focus on the challenge of guiding a team which is capable not only of defending the Premier League title , but one which can compete for European honors . " City begin the defense of their Premier League title with a home game against newly-promoted Southampton on August 19 .	Roberto Mancini signs a new five-year contract with Manchester City Italian manager led City to their first English Premier League title last season Mancini joined the club in December 2009 after Mark Hughes ' sacking
CNN  -- When Israel is forced to defend its citizens from Palestinian terrorism originating from Gaza , we 've come to expect outrage around the world . Critics are quick to condemn Israel 's military actions -- some with such heavy-handed charges as "  war crimes , " "  atrocities " and even "  genocide , " while remaining silent about the terrorists who started the conflict . At anti-Israel protests around the world , violent anti-Semitism is on full display , thinly veiled as criticism of Israel . Demonstrators in Turkey have attacked Israeli embassies . In Germany , France , Italy and Spain and other European countries , the protests have led to anti-Semitic attacks on Jewish people , community centers and synagogues . We 've seen violence and incitement against Jews rising in Latin America as well . It has been lost on no one that this pronounced anti-Semitism has its antecedents in Nazi Germany and the Holocaust . Fortunately , some responsible European leaders are standing up to the hatred and bigotry . But their words may not be enough , as Israel continues to be treated as the international community 's whipping boy in the latest conflict . It is time for moral clarity on Gaza . The facts bear repeating . Hamas intentionally started this conflict . Hamas militants built miles of underground tunnels -- at least 30 tunnels in all -- using about 600,000 tons of cement and other materials that could have built homes or schools for Palestinians . Instead , it went into a sickening subterranean network of tunnels designed to carry out surprise terrorist attacks across the border in Israel . It has been said that the only real growth industries in Gaza are in rocket-building and tunnel construction . This unconscionable waste of resources has brought about the two crowning "  cultural " achievements of Hamas : Thousands of rockets raining down on Israeli towns and cities and terrorists armed to the teeth emerging from holes in the ground , intent on kidnapping more Israeli soldiers and killing Israeli civilians . This culture of death is an essential part of Hamas ' identity and ideology and has motivated the Hamas leaders for the more than eight years they have controlled Gaza . The world knows that Hamas intentionally stores its rockets in homes , mosques , hospitals and schools . No matter how careful Israel tries to be in warning civilians before attacks , no matter how much restraint it exercises , Hamas has guaranteed that civilians will be victims . Children make up nearly half the population of Gaza , and so women and children are among those dying because of Hamas 's maximalist strategy against Israel . Israel did not want this war , and certainly does not want to see civilians killed . But no matter , the calumny continues to rain down on Israel . What hypocrisy this is . Has anyone condemned Hamas for the death of 160 children during the construction of the Gaza tunnels ? The Institute for Palestinian Studies reports Hamas uses child labor to build its terror tunnels and prizes their nimbleness and work ethic . On the news every day there is the macabre body count of how many civilians have lost their lives in Gaza , invariably accompanied by a comparison with the cost of life for Israeli soldiers and civilians . Counts vary , but most put the numbers of Palestinian deaths around 1,800 and Israeli deaths at 65 . All deaths that come about as a result of this conflict are tragic . But who is taking steps to limit casualties ? Israel . Who is apologizing for the loss of life in Gaza ? Israel . Hamas , on the other hand , tries at every opportunity to inflict as much pain as possible on Israel , trying to kill more Israeli civilians by firing rockets at large population centers , by sending suicide bombers across the border and sacrificing the lives of their own children . They make no apologies for their culture of death . Look out at the world , there is no shortage of horrific violence and tragic death . Death by the thousands , by the tens of thousands in Syria ; human destruction in Libya , in Afghanistan , in Iraq . Muslims slaughtering Muslims . And in Iraq , Muslims are killing Christians . Why have the voices of outrage in response to the more than 170,000 dead as a result of Syria 's civil war gone silent ? There are no cameras out there , there are few editorials , and there are even fewer demonstrations in the streets of Paris , of Rome or London . Here is where moral myopia verges on moral blindness . It seems the world wakes up only when Jews in their own defense -- defending their men , women and children -- are forced to kill Muslims and Palestinians . That 's when the world demonstrates . This is the true hypocrisy of the "  condemn Israel " phenomenon . And there can be no doubt that the anti-Israel campaign that is unfolding around the world is a function of the anti-Semitism that we know lurks just underneath the surface in some European societies and is all-but rampant across the Middle East .	Abraham Foxman : The world is outraged when Israel is forced to defend itself from terrorism At global protests , he says , anti-Semitism is thinly veiled as criticism of Israel Foxman : We must remember Hamas intentionally started this conflict Foxman : Hamas spent millions on tunnels to attack Israel rather than helping Gazans
Bray , England  CNN  -- Think about the most memorable meal you ever had . Was it just the taste you remember , or everything else around it ? To me , food is as much about the moment , the occasion , the location and the company as it is about the taste . It is the only thing we do that involves all the senses . It has the ability to generate so much emotion and so much memory . It has endless possibilities . It is one of those subjects where the more you learn about it ; the more you realize you do n't know . I was born in the '60s and grew up in the '70s -- not exactly the best decade for food in British history . It was horrendous . It was a time when , as a nation , we excelled in art and music and acting and photography and fashion -- all creative skills ... all apart from cooking . In those days there was only one type of pasta you could buy in the supermarket -- spaghetti in a blue wrapper . With olive oil you had to go to the chemist because you never cooked with it -- you poured it into your ears to clear out the wax . I had never eaten an oyster before . I had never eaten lobster . I had never even been to a gastronomic restaurant in any shape or form . More from Human to Hero : Former piano prodigy Benjamin Grosvenor When I was a teenager , we used to go to Cornwall and the south coast of England every year for our summer holiday . Then one year we went to France and I had the lucky experience of going to a three Michelin-starred restaurant with my sister and parents . It was as if I had fallen down some rabbit hole into a wonderland . It was just incredible . We sat outside at the side of a cliff in this valley of olives . There were the trees ; the noise of the feet of the waiting staff crunching on the gravel ; the noise of the crickets filled the air ; the sommelier with his handlebar moustache and leather apron ; the wine list the size of something out of the tablet of a Cecil B. DeMille film ; the cheese trolley the sound of a chariot . They were pouring sauces into souffles , carving legs of lamb at the table . There was just this whole new world and that was it , that 's when I got hooked . It got under my skin . I left school with an A-level in art . I had failed my chemistry exams -- so I am clearly not a scientist , but at the age of 18 , I got a book written by a guy called Harold McGee , which was all about the science of cooking . Harold had written a section in the book where he said that browning meat does n't keep in the juices -- and that flew in the face of all the things I had learned about classical French cooking up until then . So from that moment on , I questioned everything . I was like one of those annoying kids going ` Why ? Why ?! ' Thinking about it now , if I had asked that many questions at school , I would have done a lot better . More from Human to Hero : Former Olympic rower Matthew Pinsent So from the age of 18 or so , I was working , saving up . I was doing all sorts of jobs : I started off selling office equipment , which I hated . I did a few other jobs and finally ended up working for my dad as a credit controller -- basically accounting . It was a nine-to-five job , and at half past three every day I guarantee you would find me sitting , snoring at my desk . I would save for six months and blow it on a two-week trip to France , and it was almost as if I could n't think about anything else after that . In those two weeks I would go to restaurants -- I would pick three or four big ones that would cost a lot of money . I remember going down the wine list and thinking , ` Eeek , I cant do that , I cant buy that one , " or I 'd say ` I 'll have that wine but can I just have one glass please ? ' I opened The Fat Duck in 1995 , staffed by just myself and a pot-washer , that was it . I was cooking French bistro things - steak and chips , lemon tart and those kinds of things . My first original dish creation was a just few years before . It was ` triple cooked chips ' -- my solution to the problem of why chips go soggy . And so even though then I was doing bistro cooking , that element of science -- the knowledge of what happens when we cook on a scientific level -- had already started to influence my food . Along the journey from then to now I was two days away from going bankrupt -- I had to sell a house , sell cars , had to sell everything just to keep the restaurant going . You kind of kiss goodbye to a life for a big chunk of time . You have levels of exhaustion you just did n't know were possible . I think one week I had just twelve hours sleep . And it is relentless . It is every day . It 's not just that you cook nice a meal . You finish and then you have to clean everything down and then you have to start again the next day . So you have to sacrifice everything , but at the same time you could say it is a very selfish pursuit . I 'm in a position now that has exceeded anything I could ever have hoped or dreamed for , but I do n't even know what it was that was driving me . I did n't really have an ambition ; I just wanted to be better and better and better , and it was never good enough .	Heston Blumenthal is founder of The Fat Duck , regularly voted the world 's best restaurant The British chef is a perfectionist who helped popularize art of "  molecular gastronomy " He looks back to his childhood to explain how an interest developed into an obsession
CNN  -- Heavy rains caused flash flooding across the Boston metro area Saturday , stranding cars and causing damage , the National Weather Service reported . No injuries were immediately reported . Flash flood warnings were issued for four counties in eastern Massachusetts , and 2 to 4 inches of rain fell in the region , according to the weather service . There were several reports of cars getting stuck in floodwaters , particularly in the Somerville area , northwest of Boston , where the weather service said at least five vehicles were stranded underneath the Assembly Square Underpass . Video from CNN affiliates WHDH and WCVB showed the vehicles fully submerged beneath the underpass . Drivers had to be rescued from their cars when the tunnel filled with up to 18 feet of water , according to an off-duty police officer involved with the rescue efforts . The officer told WCVB that the water was heavily mixed with sewage . The flooding also forced the closures of at least two bridges . Witnesses told WHDH that cars were also submerged around the bridges and residents waded through water up to their knees . Some locals said they helped direct traffic since lights were knocked out by the storms . The bad weather also disrupted travel for the Boston area transit system . Joe Pesaturo , a spokesman for the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority , told CNN affiliate WCVB that there were weather-related delays during the afternoon , including the suspension of rail service in one area due to water on the tracks .	Storms cause flash flooding in eastern Massachusetts Several cars stuck in water in Somerville area Floodwaters cause delays for mass transit system
Seoul  CNN  -- It took two teenage suicide cases due to school bullying last year in South Korea for people to notice something was very wrong . The students lived in different cities and went to different schools , but both jumped to their deaths after saying they could not take the pain of being bullied any longer . Over the last few weeks , the country 's media has been filled with reports about tragic cases of school bullying . This week , two more students from the same class reportedly took their own lives -- one was the victim of bullying , the other a powerless friend who had stood by and watched the abuse . Experts say the cases highlight how desperately many South Korean teenagers need a means to escape the bullying as well as a way to cope . Park Han-wool , a 17-year-old high-school student , said he has been bullied for the past six years . He has been isolated from other classmates , beaten during school trips and locked up in the classroom . "  I wanted to tell people about it . I did tell my parents , but they did n't take it seriously thinking it was an issue between friends , " he said . The bullying became so bad that Park tried to jump from his school building in front of his teachers , but he was stopped by the police . He is now involved in creating a music video with other teenagers to raise awareness of school bullying , an issue he says that was not taken seriously until recently . The tools of bullying vary from forcing victims to run errands and steal , to sexual assault , confinement and gang beatings . With reports of other incidents of teenage violence n schools , including the assault of teachers and rape of younger students , many South Koreans are asking , "  what is wrong with our kids ? " The answer , according to some analysts , lies within the hyper-competitive nature of South Korean society . As the country continues to enjoy success economically , Korean students are being pushed into an environment of competition to succeed . "  At school , students do n't see their peers as friends but as competition and believe that they need to beat others , " said Dr. Bae Joo-mi , a specialist at the Korea Youth Counseling Institute . In a classroom environment in which students are forced to prove themselves , those who fall behind in grades turn to other means to show they are more powerful , taking on the role of the aggressor , Bae explained . The family support system also fails many adolescents . "  The parents heavily invest in raising their children to be successful and skillful in various fields , but when it comes to raising them to be moral and have healthy personalities I think there has been a lack of interest , " Bae said . Schools and teachers have been criticized for turning the other way in bullying cases and trying to cover it up . Local governments have gone into a frenzy of drafting up new measures to hold bullies accountable and prevent school violence . Experts such as Bae believe it may take more than simply increasing monitoring of school violence . What students need is a healthier environment to learn more social skills and know how to deal with their problems , they say . A survey conducted in 2010 by the Foundation for Preventing Youth Violence , a counseling center established more than 15 years ago , indicated that more than 20 % of those surveyed said they had been bullied . Of those victims , more than 30 % said they felt suicidal due to bullying . The same group said last year that the number of counseling cases of students seeking help from suicidal feelings doubled from the previous year . The concern is that students have not been able to learn how to find solutions to their problems in a rigid educational environment and are now turning to suicide as their last resort . Counseling groups urge the government and schools to step up and punish those accountable , while keeping the victims safe from harm .	South Korea 's media has been filled with reports about tragic cases of school bullying This week two more students from same class reportedly took their own lives due to bullying Experts say many South Korean teenagers desperately need a means to escape The hyper-competitive nature of South Korean society is held up as one reason for bullying
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A car bomb killed one of Israel 's most prominent crime bosses in Tel Aviv Monday , Israeli police sources say . Police at the scene of the car bomb blast which killed crime boss Yaakov Alpheron . Police say Yaakov Alperon was killed instantly when an explosive device was apparently detonated by remote control on a busy street in Tel Aviv . The blast injured two other people , including a 13 year-old boy . Head of one of Israel 's most notorious crime families , Alperon is the most senior figure to be killed and the latest casualty of ongoing mob wars that have left scores of innocent people dead . In the past these mob-style hits have led to more revenge attacks .	A car bomb has killed one of Israel 's most prominent crime bosses , police say Police sources say Yaakov Alperon was killed instantly Explosive device was apparently detonated by remote control in Tel Aviv
CNN  -- Ecuador 's Tungurahua volcano erupted Saturday , sending ash and lava spewing nearly a mile into the sky . Residents evacuated the area after the country 's National Agency of Risk Control issued a "  red alert . " The warning was later downgraded to orange , as the volcano became less active . Activity at Tungurahua -- which means "  throat of fire " in the native Quechua language -- peaked Saturday between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m. , according to the Geological Institute in Quito . At one point , the ash cloud reached nearly 3 km  1.9 miles  above the volcano 's crater , according to the institute , and lava flowed about 2 km from the crater . The glacier-capped , 16,478-foot  5,023-meter  volcano has erupted periodically since 1999 , when increased activity led to the temporary evacuation of the city of Banos at the foot of the volcano . Major eruptions also occurred in August 2006 and February 2008 , according to the government 's emergency management agency . Prior to this more recent activity , the last major eruption was between 1916 and 1918 . Relatively minor activity continued until 1925 , the Smithsonian Institution said on its volcano website . The volcano is 140 km south of Quito , Ecuador 's capital . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	Ash and lava spew from the Tungurahua volcano The glacier-capped volcano has erupted periodically since 1999 The ash cloud from Saturday 's eruption reached 3 km above the crater
CNN  -- Luci Baines Johnson was just 16 years old when she approached her father , President Johnson , with what she considered a reasonable request . Luci Baines Johnson , left , and her older sister , Lynda Bird , pose inside the White House in 1963 . "  I asked my father if we could have the Beatles come to play at the White House , " she recalled . "  I was very excited about it . " His response ? A decisive no , "  without even any moment of trying to soften the blow , " Johnson said in a recent phone interview . The president thought the move would be viewed as self-serving . His daughter , however , saw it as a chance to honor "  a great talent " and strengthen ties between the United States and Great Britain -- not to mention a golden opportunity for her and her friends . "  I could see how different sets of folks could have either perspective . And I suspect my father could see that too , " she said . Luci Baines Johnson learned quickly of the scrutiny that came from being a first daughter . Her family moved into the White House in 1963 , following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . Johnson was catapulted into the exclusive fraternity of White House families and embraced what she describes as a role she landed simply by chance . That fraternity has most recently expanded to include President Obama 's daughters , Sasha and Malia . "  I was an eyewitness to history , over and over , during my father 's five years in the White House . And I was n't elected to that option . I had no qualifications that provided me that privilege except an accident of birth , " she said . See famous first kids who grew up in the White House " Johnson speaks fondly of the opportunity she was afforded to dine with kings and queens , meet the movers and shakers of her time , engage with the body of America and hold a front-row seat to history . While most of her memories fall into two categories -- "  the fond personal memories " and "  the fond memories of public privilege " -- there 's one in particular that was a combination of both . "  My 17th birthday , I received a handwritten note from my father , the only handwritten note I have , telling me how much he loves me and how much he has delighted in having me as his daughter for all those 17 years , " she said . The note was dated noon , July 2 , 1964 . Six hours later , in the East Room of the White House , Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which banned discrimination based on race or gender in public places , schools and places of employment . "  Can you imagine ever receiving a more momentous , glorious , exciting , thrilling birthday present that lasted forever and ever than something like that , that would change the world for all time and make it a much more decent place ? That took place on my birthday , " she said . Life in the White House , however , came at a cost . Johnson and the first children before and after her will always have to "  pay a big price in terms of personal time , " she said . More than 45 years after she moved into the White House , she still receives requests for interviews about the time she spent there . But the public 's interest in first daughters is nothing new . Fanny Hayes , for example , who was about the same age as Malia when she moved into the White House in 1877 , was followed by the media until the day she died . "  She was an American celebrity , " said presidential historian Doug Wead . While the interest in first daughters has stayed steady , the pressure on the children has intensified , said Wead , author of "  All the Presidents ' Children : Triumph and Tragedy in the Lives of America 's First Families . " "  It 's like the Miss America contest -- it 's a real dilemma for the daughter of a president . She 's supposed to be gracious . She 's mocked and ridiculed if she is n't pretty , " he said . When Chelsea Clinton was just 13 years old , for example , she was ridiculed in a 1993 "  Saturday Night Live " sketch that declared her "  not a babe . " Actor Mike Myers later apologized , and the skit was cut from replays of the show . Amy Carter , who was 9 when she moved into the White House , was also mocked for her appearance and for her poor manners , after she pulled out a book during a state dinner . Her parents enrolled her in public school , illuminating the already bright spotlight on her . An infamous photograph of her first day at school shows the young girl with her head hanging low , carrying a Snoopy book bag and surrounded by a swarm of paparazzi . To this date , no other presidential children have attended public school . But other presidential children have taken on power roles in their fathers ' administrations . Anna Roosevelt , for example , was a "  super aide " to Franklin D. Roosevelt during his last year in office , Wead said , describing her as a combination of a personal secretary and chief of staff , not to mention popular in the public eye . And Alice Roosevelt , a fashion icon who was known to have quite the rebellious streak , also played a pivotal role for her father , Theodore Roosevelt . She went on an around-the-world junket for the purposes of American foreign policy -- a move that diverted attention from her father 's efforts to bring about a peace treaty in the Russo-Japanese War , Wead said . The president later won a Nobel Peace Prize for his work on various peace treaties . Under the administration that followed , William Taft 's daughter became one of the unsung heroes of women 's rights , Wead said . Taft credited his daughter , Helen , for helping to change his mind about women 's suffrage . But for all presidential children , Wead said , there remains a lifelong battle of seeking approval from their fathers while struggling to carve their own identities . Many presidential daughters have gone on to author books about their time in White House , in what Wead describes as an attempt to restore their fathers ' reputations . "  It 's like sitting in front of a big window ... and seeing a billboard with misspelled words on it . It 's just irritating , " he said . "  And the writing of a book , if it does n't change history , it is a purifying experience for the child . " Susan Ford Bales once told the San Francisco Chronicle that while in the White House , "  I kept thinking , I want to be normal . But I ca n't be normal . ... . Everyone was watching . It was like living out loud . " But Ford also cashed in on some of the perks of her high-profile position and took Alice Roosevelt 's advice to "  have one hell of a good time . " Ford roller-skated through the White House , held her prom in the East Room and scored VIP treatment at concerts -- including a backstage pass to see Rod Stewart .  That move ignited the public 's interest in her , sparking rumors that she and Stewart were engaged . Johnson said that some of the best advice she received while in the White House was to just recognize that she could n't change things or make the attention go away . "  There are inevitably going to be moments when you feel like the pressures of the goldfish bowl seem unfair or more than you can bear , but so are the opportunities to learn , to understand , to grow , to love , to make friends , to witness , " she said . "  I describe it as the best of times and sometimes the worst of times , but whatever the times , it was a time of extraordinary privilege . "	Luci Johnson describes being a first daughter as an "  extraordinary privilege " It was "  the best of times and sometimes the worst of times , " she says First daughters often followed by media for remainder of their lives The pressure on first daughters has intensified over the years , historian says
CNN  -- Only two people know how the affair started , but the world knows now about its inglorious end . Admitting to the extramarital affair , David Petraeus stepped down as director of the CIA on Friday in a surprise move that shocked the intelligence community just days after President Barack Obama was re-elected . Immediate praise for the man poured in . The president hailed Petraeus ' dedication and patriotism , while leaders from both parties said he would be missed . It appeared an abrupt end to a spectacularly successful career in public service . "  After being married for over 37 years , I showed extremely poor judgment by engaging in an extramarital affair . Such behavior is unacceptable , both as a husband and as the leader of an organization such as ours , " Petraeus said in a letter to colleagues , explaining his decision to step down . "  Teddy Roosevelt once observed that life 's greatest gift is the opportunity to work hard at work worth doing . I will always treasure my opportunity to have done that with you and I will always regret the circumstances that brought that work with you to an end , " he said . According to a U.S. official , the FBI had a tip that Petraeus was involved with his biographer , Paula Broadwell , and investigated the alleged affair to determine whether it posed a security risk . The FBI was not investigating Petraeus for wrongdoing . The concern was that he could potentially be blackmailed or put "  in a vulnerable spot , " the official said . Broadwell spent a year with Petraeus in Afghanistan interviewing him for the book she co-wrote , "  All In : The Education of General David Petraeus . " It is not clear whether Broadwell is the woman with whom Petraeus has admitted having an affair . CNN has not been able to reach Broadwell for comment . Other sources close to the CIA director told HLN anchor Kyra Phillips that the woman involved in the affair was not under Petraeus ' command . The woman was not a member of the armed forces and not a CIA employee , they said . Petraeus , 60 , had a distinguished 37-year career in the military before joining the CIA , helping turn the tide against insurgents while commanding forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . Earning praise from both sides of the political aisle , the retired four-star general took the helm of the CIA in September 2011 . Politicians react to the resignation Director of National Intelligence James Clapper hailed Petraeus , saying his "  decision to step down represents the loss of one of our nation 's most respected public servants . " Petraeus met with Obama on Thursday to offer his resignation and explain the circumstances behind it , according to a senior administration official . The president accepted Petraeus ' resignation during a phone call Friday , said the official . "  By any measure , he was one of the outstanding general officers of his generation , helping our military adapt to new challenges and leading our men and women in uniform through a remarkable period of service in Iraq and Afghanistan , where he helped our nation put those wars on a path to a responsible end , " Obama said in a statement . "  As director of the Central Intelligence Agency , he has continued to serve with characteristic intellectual rigor , dedication and patriotism . " The president expressed confidence that the CIA will continue to move forward , under the direction of Acting Director Michael Morell . Morell , a career agency officer , was sworn in as deputy director of the CIA in May 2010 . He previously served as associate deputy director and director for intelligence . Petraeus assumed command of the NATO International Security Assistance Force and U.S. Forces Afghanistan in July 2010 , after serving for more than 20 months as commander of United States Central Command . He previously commanded multinational forces in Iraq , leading the so-called surge . The general literally wrote the book on counterinsurgency techniques by overseeing development of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual . Before his nomination as CIA director , Petraeus was considered the nation 's most well-known and popular military leader since Colin Powell . But his reputation was potentially tarnished by the controversy over the terror attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans in September . Petraeus was expected to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee next week on the Benghazi attack . Morell will take his place , according to the office of Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who is chairman of that committee . "  I wish President Obama had not accepted this resignation , but I understand and respect the decision . David Petraeus is one of America 's best and brightest , and all Americans should be grateful for his service , " she said . Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , described Petraeus as a "  true American patriot . " "  This is a real loss for the country ; a real loss for the CIA , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett . Petraeus and his wife , Holly , live in Virginia . They have two grown children . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Terry Frieden , Suzanne Kelly and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	David Petraeus , a retired four-star general , led forces in Iraq and Afghanistan Source : The FBI investigated a tip that he was involved with his biographer President Obama praises Petraeus ' dedication and patriotism He and his wife , Holly , live in Virginia , and have two grown children
While about a quarter of adults in the United States suffer from some form of mental illness , most of them are not getting adequate treatment , if any . In the age when there 's an app for everything , it 's no surprise that there are a lot of smartphone tools out there claiming to help people cope . From informational resources to interactive mental wellness programs , there 's plenty out there to choose from . And even if you do n't have a diagnosed mental illness , you may benefit from recognizing the triggers of bad moods or creating ways to enhance positive thinking . Do n't mistake your phone for a therapist , but some mental health professionals are encouraging their patients to use mobile apps as a way to supplement their care . "  You can definitely utilize and capitalize on the smartphone technology to create tools that people have with them all the time , " said Kristen Mulcahy , a psychologist in Falmouth , Massachusetts . Mulcahy came up with the idea for an app for people with obsessive-compulsive disorder that is a fully comprehensive tool with versions for children and adults . Patients with OCD have unwanted thoughts and anxieties that trigger repetitive behaviors . The Live OCD Free app for iPad or iPhone makes use of a well-tested treatment for OCD called exposure and response prevention . The technique forces patients to face their fears head-on without engaging in compulsions . Users can practice this with , for instance , leaving the house without checking the door lock multiple times , over a given time period . If they give in before the timer is up , there 's a "  Just Gave In " button . The user can also create an audio recording of an obsessive thought to listen to on loop , in order to practice enduring it without doing a repetitive behavior . More than just a tool to use on your own , the app can help the user 's therapist see progress over time by generating charts that can be e-mailed . "  It holds  patients  a lot more accountable , because they know I 'm going to be able to see everything they are or are n't doing , " she said . The price tag is steep at $ 79.99 , but it may help patients cut back on their more expensive in-person sessions a lot faster , Mulcahy said ; the app is a "  surrogate therapist . " Tracking your body with technology For less than a dollar , there are a variety of tools available to address other aspects of mental health . Dr. Rakesh Jain , psychiatrist at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston , uses a free mood tracking app called Moody Me by MedHelp . Users can upload photos that correspond with different moods , from "  manic " and "  excellent " to "  horrible " and "  depressed . " You can delve deeper into what 's causing the mood by with a list of relevant emotions , symptoms and events . Users who are taking medications can also note them in their daily mood entries . The app also creates graphs of moods over time so users can detect patterns . Moody Me also has a social feature , where users can share their moods with their friends . There are "  Ask a Doctor " forums with advice from real experts on a variety of topics and communities for discussions around specific mental disorders . Jain also gets his patients to use a body weight tracker called BMI by NutriSystem to track their body mass index , since depression is a mind-body disorder . Although BMI is an imperfect indicator of health , studies have shown that depression and BMI are linked . His favorite app is called Live Happy , which costs 99 cents . It was developed in collaboration with Sonja Lyubomirsky , a psychologist at the University of California , Riverside , and the company Signal Patterns . The app offers happiness-boosting activities wherever you go . For example , the "  Best Possible Self " activity asks you to take 15 to 30 minutes in a quiet place and reflect on what your life will be like ideally in five years , including the life goals you want to accomplish . There 's a "  Strive " section where you can identify goals and characterize them , too . Part of this app is also expressing gratitude . You can call , text or e-mail a person whom you appreciate . A "  gratitude journal " allows you to jot down things that you are thankful for in your life . The "  Replay Happy Days " activity leads you through the exercise of remembering happy moments to replay positive emotions . "  It is extremely scientifically based and  an  unusually powerful app , " Jain said . If you are n't sure whether what you 're feeling could be classified as depression or anxiety , there 's a free tool called depressioncheck . This app offers a three-minute screening for anxiety and depression . Of course , it 's not meant to replace a real mental health professional 's evaluation ; you should seek consultation with a licensed therapist before trying to make any diagnoses on your own . For those who have bipolar disorder , there 's an app called Bipolar Disorder Connect . This free app is a gateway into a community of people living with bipolar disorder . Users ask each other questions and talk about treatments . Finally , the National Center for Telehealth and Technology , part of the U.S. Department of Defense , has put out an intriguing suite of mental health apps as well . PTSD Coach , co-created by the VA 's National Center for post-traumatic stress disorder , includes a PTSD self-assessment and information about the condition . Relaxation skill tools and anger management techniques are part of the program . It is intended for veterans and military service members . And for a simple guided relaxation program , check out Tactical Breather , from the same group . A voice guides you through inhalations and exhalations that , according to the website , "  can be used to gain control over physiological and psychological responses to stress . " It was developed for combat situations but can be used by anyone for stress management at any time .	The Live OCD Free app makes use of OCD therapy techniques Live Happy encourages positive thinking and goal-setting Many mental health apps are free or cost less than a dollar
On the Turkey-Syria border  CNN  Hayat Boumeddiene is today among Europe 's most wanted women . The widow of Paris supermarket gunman Amedy Coulibaly , she is believed to have disappeared into Syria in the days leading up to the shootings in Paris . Since the attacks , security officials have been scrambling to trace her movements . But on January 2 , a week before her name was internationally known , security camera footage shows that Boumeddiene and a male companion cleared customs with ease at Istanbul 's secondary airport . Something raised a red flag with Turkish authorities , however , and the two were placed under surveillance . They checked into the Bade Hotel on the Asian side of Istanbul . They were monitored for a couple of days , but after engaging in what was described as "  touristic " activities , the surveillance stopped . Female terror suspect more radical than boyfriend ? Following the Paris attacks , Turks officials alerted French authorities that they had already gathered some intelligence on Boumeddiene . The French provided the Turks with phone numbers that allowed them further to track her movements . Boumeddiene 's last known location is the city of Sanliurfa , along the Turkey-Syria border . Sanliurfa has become a key hub for transit into Syria . The touristic city has seen its population swell due to the influx of refugees from Syria 's civil war , and just about anyone can blend into the chaotic streets . From here , those seeking to enter Syria can find plenty of routes for the next leg of their journey . CNN spoke to two men in a town close to the border , both of whom are professional people smugglers . Over the last few months , the Turkish military has really cracked down on the practice , one said , his head wrapped in a scarf to hide his identity . But there are always security breaches and alternate routes to be exploited . The second man , his face obscured by a black cloth , told CNN that a woman dressed all in black paid him some two to three times the going rate to get into Syria -- right around when Turkish authorities believe Boumeddiene slipped into the country . "  She said ' I will give you 100 lira just get me to Syria , ' " he recalled . "  She was entirely covered in black , like I am now . " It was the first time since the war in Syria began in 2011 that either of them had taken a woman across on her own . The smuggler said the woman was of medium build , and guessed her age to be -- like Boumeddiene -- in her mid-20s . She spoke classical Arabic and did not have a Syrian accent . That , he claimed , is all he knows . "  I saw the 100 lira and I did not ask anything , " he told CNN . What the woman paid is roughly $ 42 . On the back of a motorcycle , they headed down a dusty border road dotted with potential illegal crossing points . The Turkish military stopped the CNN team before it could reach the area where the man said the woman crossed into Syria . There is no way of knowing if she was Boumeddiene . But within an hour of her transaction with the smuggler , the woman covered in black was in Syria .	Boumeddiene 's last known location is the city of Sanliurfa , by the Turkey-Syria border A smuggler tells how a woman dressed all in black paid him to help her cross
Hong Kong  CNN  There are no more tents on the streets in Admiralty and Mong Kok and , in some ways , everything is back to normal . I have returned to my daily routine -- I go to school , attend lectures and work part time in a small tutorial center . My family is more than glad to see me resume my normal life . They do n't have to worry about receiving calls in the middle of the night informing them that their daughter has been arrested because she broke into a government building . My parents and my sister were really supportive when I was out there protesting . They never forced me to leave the streets . However , my parents took away my passport when I was invited to testify before the British parliament . They told me this was way too political . Attending lectures again actually feels really good . I skipped most of my classes last semester as I used up all my energy during the nights protesting in Mong Kok or in Admiralty and , of course , my results were poor . Getting back to school is also a relief because I no longer have to worry about being hit by a police baton or being sprayed with pepper spray or tear gas . And now I do n't have to sleep on a solid concrete floor , I can finally get some rest at night . Like other protest leaders , I 've faced some harassment since we left the streets . My Facebook account has been hacked . I 'm also too terrified to travel across the border to mainland China . One of my friends , another protester , was detained for more than four hours when she tried to travel there . Luckily , she was only questioned and then sent back to Hong Kong but I do n't have the courage to go back . But I 'm not giving up on striving for freedom and democracy here . I will continue to devote my time in Keyboard Frontline to defend internet freedom in Hong Kong . We want the government to abandon the implementation of the Right to be Forgotten  RTBF  , which allows internet users to delete search results about themselves on search engines if the information is outdated or inadequate , as it will undoubtedly hinder the free flow of information . It 's particularly important because Hong Kong has no archives law so there 's little transparency . And to prolong the spirit of "  Umbrella Revolution , " we are supporting a new political group formed online -- Youngspiration . It will field candidates in the coming district council election . We will do whatever we can to strive for freedom on the Internet as we believe the Internet plays an important role in spreading news and information . I hope Hong Kong can become a better place for us Hong Kongers to live . Perhaps I 'm not the one most qualified to change the situation here , but I will not hesitate to try , because this is my hometown and I am bound by duty to protect it . Facing the Chinese government , a dictatorship that will not hesitate to hurt its own people , is really frightening . I feel helpless sometimes but I know I am not alone . I have my friends and my partners with me to fight for freedom and democracy here . With all of us making every effort to defend our rights , I know things will change eventually . The views expressed here are solely those of the author	Glacier Kwong spent two months protesting on the streets of Hong Kong last year She is now back at school and life has almost returned to normal But she says she faces harassment and fears detention if she travels to mainland China
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The wife of Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant filed for divorce Friday , eight years after she famously stuck by him after he admitted having sex with a woman at a Colorado hotel , a court spokeswoman said . Vanessa Bryant cited "  irreconcilable differences " as her reason for filing the divorce petition Friday , Orange County , California , Superior Court spokeswoman Gwen Vieau told CNN . The two have been married for 10 Â 1/2 years . The couple have two daughters together , ages 8 and 5 . Calls made Friday night to Kobe Bryant 's agent were not immediately returned . Their marriage came into the public spotlight after a 19-year-old desk clerk at a Vail-area resort hotel told police that Kobe Bryant had sexually assaulted her on June 30 , 2003 . Eagle County District Attorney Mark Hurlbert filed charges against Bryant about three weeks later , on July 18 . Later that evening , Vanessa Bryant sat by her husband 's side as he publicly apologized to her while admitting that he 'd had sex with the 19-year-old , an encounter he said was consensual . Turning to his wife , Bryant said , "  You 're a piece of my heart . You 're the air I breathe . And you 're the strongest person I know . And I 'm so sorry for having to put you through this , for having to put our family through this . " Criminal charges against Bryant were dismissed in September 2004 . He settled a federal lawsuit with his accuser in March 2005 , days before he was scheduled to be deposed in the case , his attorney Pamela Mackey said at the time . His legal woes cost him some high-profile endorsement deals , including one with McDonald 's . But he re-signed with the Lakers in 2004 and again in 2010 , for a total of over $ 200 million . Sports Illustrated -- like CNN , a division of Time Warner -- reported in June that Bryant , 33 , earns an estimated $ 34.8 million annually , ranking him sixth on the magazine 's list of the top-grossing athletes in sports . He also found more success on the court , including winning an MVP award in 2008 and leading the Lakers to NBA championships in 2009 and 2010 . After a protracted labor dispute that prompted the NBA to trim its regular season to 66 games , the Lakers ' team captain is scheduled to play in next Monday 's preseason opener against the Los Angeles Clippers at the Staples Center .	Vanessa Bryant cites "  irreconcilable differences , " a court spokeswoman says The couple have been married for more than 10 years Vanessa sat by Kobe 's side after he admitted having sex with a teenage hotel clerk
CNN  -- Theology is unnecessary . So says Stephen Hawking , the world-famous physicist who controversially argues in a new book that God did not create the universe . "  God may exist , but science can explain the universe without the need for a creator , " Hawking told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in an interview that aired Friday . Hawking , 68 , says in his book "  The Grand Design " that , given the existence of gravity , the universe can and will create itself from nothing . "  Spontaneous creation , " he writes , is the reason why the universe and humanity exist . "  Gravity and quantum theory cause universes to be created spontaneously out of nothing , " Hawking told Larry King . King asked Hawking why he thinks people have reacted so strongly to his book . "  Science is increasingly answering questions that used to be the province of religion , " Hawking replied . "  The scientific account is complete . Theology is unnecessary . " Hawking said his book is an attempt to give a "  broad picture of how the universe operates and our place in it . It is a basic human desire and it also puts our worries in perspective . " The idea behind it is "  M-theory , " which , he says , allows there to be many universes that were created out of nothing , none of which required the intervention of God . That 's because if there are many universes , one will have laws of physics like ours -- and in such a universe , something not only can , but must , arise from nothing , Hawking says . Therefore , he concludes , there 's no need for God to have played a part . That 's the point of his book , Hawking told King -- "  that science can explain the universe , and that we do n't need God to explain why there is something rather than nothing , or why the laws of nature are what they are . " Hawking said that if he could travel through time -- which he said is theoretically possible -- he would go to the future to "  find if M-theory is indeed a theory of everything . " Hawking has ALS , or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , which has confined him to a wheelchair and leaves him unable to speak without the help of a computerized voice synthesizer . The disease is also known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease in the United States and motor neuron disease , or MND , in Britain . He told King he 's doing "  pretty well " with the disease , 45 years after he was first diagnosed . The disease has a life expectancy of two to five years , according to the ALS Association .	Hawking talks to CNN 's "  Larry King Live " about his new book The book argues that God did not create the universe Hawking says science can explain the universe without the need for God
CNN  -- Some skygazers along the East Coast of North America witnessed a spectacular solar eclipse Sunday morning . The eclipse was visible for a few minutes from parts of North America , South America , the Middle East , Europe , and Africa . NASA said the eclipse would be one of the most interesting solar events of the year , because it was a hybrid annular-total eclipse . That means for part of its path , it was an annular eclipse -- where a thin ring of sunlight is visible around the moon 's shadow -- and for another part , it was a total eclipse . That phenomenon was only visible from a narrow band of the North Atlantic and equatorial Africa , NASA said . In a much broader area , viewers saw a partial eclipse . But photographers in the eastern United States liked what they saw . Jeff Raybould photographed the eclipse from his apartment in Wilmington , Delaware . "  I 'm on the 15th floor , and I knew I had a great view of the sunrise , so I set my alarm and crossed my fingers that the clouds would cooperate , " he said . For him , the eclipse lasted only five minutes before the sun ducked behind the clouds . "  By that time it was too hard to observe anyway due to the increasing brightness of the sun , " he explained . "  But I 'm glad the clouds cooperated . I 've never seen a solar eclipse and just found out yesterday that I would have a prime opportunity this morning . " Military photojournalist Matthew Hecht woke up at 6 a.m. to see the much-anticipated eclipse . An avid follower of space and science news , Hecht set his camera up in front of his home in Absecon , New Jersey , and started taking photographs . "  I pointed the camera and tried not to look through the lens because it was so intense . I was constantly adjusting the camera to make sure I was still pointing at it . I just got lucky , " he said about the images he captured . Despite reports that the eclipse would only last a few minutes , Hecht says he was surprised to see the event last more than 10 minutes . "  It was unbelievably vivid . I have never seen an eclipse at sunrise before . It was actually very haunting . It looked like something out of a movie , " he said . Greg Hogan said he only saw the partial eclipse for a few short minutes . Hogan photographed the eclipse during a chance opportunity . He read about the event the night before but forgot about it soon after . When he woke up Sunday morning , he realized the eclipse would be happening in 20 minutes . He put his 5-year-old son and 6-year-old nephew in his car while they were all still in their pajamas and drove them to the highest point in their town of Bonaire , Georgia , which is an elementary school called Hilltop . "  There were a few other people hanging out there to see the eclipse . It was surprising , but sort of neat , " he said . He and his boys watched the eclipse happen over the horizon . "  My kids thought it was really cool . They are really into Minecraft -- a video game where you watch the sun rise and set -- and showing them a real life version of that was great , " he said . Did you manage to capture photographs of this eclipse ? Send your photos to iReport and they may be featured in the gallery above !	One of the most interesting solar events , a rare hybrid eclipse , happened over the weekend Partial eclipse was visible in the early morning Sunday in eastern North and South America Skygazers in parts of Europe , Africa and the Middle East could see it too The hybrid eclipse was only visible from parts of Atlantic Ocean and equatorial Africa
It 's 8 p.m. in Chelsea , Massachusetts , just across the Mystic River from Boston . For Lt. Detective David Betz , his day is about to get busy . After about 30 minutes , Betz , head of the Narcotics and Vice Division of the Chelsea Police Department , leaves to meet with a confidential informant who has been assisting with a case . "  When we make contact with this person , hopefully they will be able to make a call to any number of their sources , and we 'll try to buy some heroin off the street tonight . ... This is basically the meat and potatoes of what we do , " Betz says . Chelsea is in the middle of a heroin epidemic . In March , Gov. Deval Patrick declared a public health emergency in Massachusetts in response to the growing opioid addiction sweeping the entire state . From 2000 to 2012 , the number of unintentional opiate overdoses in Massachusetts increased by 90 % , he said . According to the Drug Enforcement Administration , it 's happening all across America . The demand for heroin is reaching unprecedented proportions -- fueled in part by a growing number of people who get hooked on prescription painkillers and soon need a cheaper way to get high . Like heroin , the painkillers morphine , methadone , hydrocodone and oxycodone are all opioids and have a similar effect on the nervous system . Heroin , however , is cheaper to get and easier to find . Denver mom survives darkness of addiction In Chelsea , according to Betz , the majority of illegal prescription pill sales take place behind closed doors , but a heroin deal can be made in the heart of downtown Chelsea , at a busy part of town called Bellingham Square . Betz says in Chelsea , one small dose of heroin runs $ 10 to $ 40 depending on size and quality . Prescription opioids , on the other hand , sell for $ 1 per milligram , or $ 80 for one 80mg pill . After waiting for the informant to meet with an alleged dealer and make the buy , Betz and several other detectives take the informant into custody . They search the informant to make sure there is no pocketed heroin or cash , and have the person hand over the drugs . The informant has bought five small bags of heroin . Betz and his team will use the information to build a case against the dealers and secure search warrants and arrest warrants . Informants often work with police to get their own charges reduced . "  For every 10 people we arrest , there 's probably 15 or 20 people that are waiting to take over because of the money they could make . It 's such a lucrative business , you know . Why would you want to deliver pizza for $ 8 an hour when you can make $ 800 ? " But Betz says Chelsea is not so different from any other town when it comes to drugs . "  The smallest community in the heartland of America is going to have some type of drug problem , " he says . "  I mean drugs are , you hate to say , they 're as American as apple pie . " Betz describes an artery-like network of distribution and delivery that ensures a steady flow of heroin , prescription narcotics , and other drugs into the country -- eventually working its way into small cities and towns like Chelsea . From Southeast Asia or Mexico , the drugs make it into the United States , Betz says . The drugs are smuggled into New York , then Connecticut and Rhode Island before heading into Massachusetts and the Boston area . From there , it is a short trip across the Tobin Bridge to Chelsea . Betz says small cities often have a tougher battle against drugs than bigger cities because of lower income and resources . "  The more affluent a community , sometimes they 're able to keep their problems more under wraps than a city that has somewhat less of population who is well off . It 's supply and demand , and if the buyers were n't here , the dealers would have to look elsewhere to sell . It 's a double-edged sword . If the dealers were n't here , the buyers would n't come around . " What 's more , much of the drug problem in Chelsea does n't come from inside Chelsea , Betz says . He estimates 50 % of the city 's heroin buyers and dealers come from the bordering cities of Everett , Revere , Winthrop and , of course , Boston . "  When they 're arrested , they 'll give us their information -- where they are from , where they were born , and just being familiar with the area , we know certain communities are a lot more affluent then say , Chelsea . They come here , and we 'll ask them how did you end up here from a suburb of million-dollar homes , and they 'll say they got hooked on opiates , they ran out of money , they 're not available there like they are here , " says Betz , "  The easiest way to look at it is , drugs have no borders . " With a department of around 100 , Betz and his vice squad try to fight heroin in a city of about 35,080 crammed into 1.8 square miles on the edge of Boston . He is proud of his team 's work and believes they make a difference , but he does n't lose sight of what they 're up against . "  I think that drugs as a whole are one of the major problems that are plaguing our society , and aside from all the public intervention that we try to do , the people themselves have to have the will and the desire to want to get past it themselves . If they do n't , there 's no public service programs or no magic pill to better the problem . " Betz and team have had a relatively successful night making a controlled buy with their informant and gaining information to build a case against suspected heroin dealers . Still , Betz knows that each day is a new day , where the effort to end the heroin problem in Chelsea continues . "  You 're trying to keep them from selling the drugs but it 's really almost temporary , " he says , "  You 're constantly pushing back the ocean , basically . " Long Island sees exploding heroin use Holder vows to fight rising heroin deaths	Chelsea , Massachusetts , is in the middle of a heroin epidemic Gov. Deval Patrick declared a public health emergency in Massachusetts Informants help detectives get drugs off the street "  You 're constantly pushing back the ocean , basically , " detective says
CNN  -- Rescue teams Thursday discovered the bodies of two people killed in a helicopter crash that happened Tuesday in the mountains near Santa Fe , New Mexico . The pilot , Sgt. Andrew Tingwall , was one of two people killed in Tuesday 's helicopter crash in New Mexico . The bodies of state police officer Sgt. Andrew Tingwall and student Megumi Yamamoto were being taken to the state medical examiner 's office , New Mexico State Police Chief Faron Segotta told reporters . "  Obviously , it 's a very somber day , " Segotta said at a news conference posted on CNN affiliate KRQE television 's Web site . Tuesday night , Tingwall and another officer , Wesley Cox , picked up Yamamoto , who was lost in the mountains , and were returning to Santa Fe when their chopper crashed into a snowy face of Santa Fe Baldy , a 12,000-foot-high peak , Segotta said . Visibility was zero because of heavy cloud cover , he said . Tingwall was the pilot , the state 's Department of Public Safety said . Cox was able to walk to rescuers Wednesday and was airlifted to a hospital , where he was treated for hypothermia and injuries to his back and right leg . He was in serious condition Thursday at St. Vincent 's Hospital in Santa Fe , said Arturo Delgado , a hospital spokesperson . Cox told police that the helicopter landed hard and tumbled downhill , ejecting all three on board . After finding Cox , authorities were optimistic that Tingwall and Yamamoto might be alive . Search teams discovered the wreckage Wednesday , a day before the bodies were found . Yamamoto , of Tokyo , Japan , was a graduate student at the University of New Mexico , KRQE reported . An online police memorial page said Tingwall had been with the state police since 1995 and had logged 1,300 hours of flying time . Tingwall received a medal of valor after he single-handedly rescued a man from a river last summer , said Cox . Tingwall was embarrassed about receiving the medal because he felt he was only doing his job , said Cox , who said he knows Tingwall as a "  tough , resourceful , friendly guy . " Cox is expected to make a full recovery , Segotta said .	NEW : Pilot , man he was helping to safety killed in New Mexico crash NEW : Bodies found two days after wreck in mountains near Santa Fe Third occupant of helicopter survived and walked to rescuers Wednesday Helicopter picked up a lost hiker before the crash
CNN  -- The new anti-smoking campaign launched by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is a smart move . This is the largest nationwide advertising effort the CDC has ever launched to combat tobacco addiction . By spending $ 54 million and playing stark and graphic advertisements throughout the country , the government hopes to drive home the message that smoking is harmful and that there is help for those who want to quit . Smoking and second-hand exposure to it is the leading cause of preventable death and chronic disease in the United States . Smoking-related illnesses , like cancer , cardiovascular and respiratory diseases , account for a very large proportion of costs on our health care system and economy . Anti-smoking symbol reveals ` worst moment ' Various communities , state and federal agencies have tried to educate the public about the adverse health effect of smoking by implementing smoke-free environmental policies , raising taxes on tobacco products , pushing out mass media campaigns and adding school programs . However , the tobacco industry easily outspends them and the combined campaign efforts of the American Cancer Society , the American Lung Association and the American Heart Association . With its ability to avoid regulatory restraints on its marketing strategies , the tobacco industry has considerable clout . And it would do everything it takes to beat back government policies that threaten its continued recruitment or retention of smokers . In 2009 , Congress passed a law that would allow the Food and Drug Administration to add warnings about smoking on cigarette packages , including a 1-800-QUIT-NOW hot line for smokers who want help with quitting . When the Food and Drug Administration required that tobacco companies put stronger graphic warning labels on cigarette packages , the industry sued , citing infringement of the First Amendment . The court ruled in February that the government can not require tobacco companies to use stronger labels . Given the legal setback , the question is whether the government can still somehow fulfill the legislative mandate , which was already compromised by lobbying that forced , for example , the omission of menthol from the banned additive substances in tobacco .  As a result , the tobacco industry can continue exploiting new smokers , especially minority groups , with soothing menthol cigarettes that would otherwise be less appealing to smoke . With the congressional mandate in limbo , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's initiative comes at just the right time . By launching this campaign on television , in print and on the Internet , it is making up for what the FDA can not do at this point . As states and communities are hard hit by declining budgets , fighting Big Tobacco demands not only commitment , but also creativity and ingenuity . Perhaps one day , our courts will allow the government to add graphic warning messages about smoking on tobacco products . Other countries , such as Canada and Australia , have instituted those kinds of labels and have seen an effective reduction in smoking . America should take heed . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence W. Green .	The Centers for Disease Control launched a new anti-smoking campaign Lawrence Green : This is a smart move , since the tobacco industry has a lot of clout The tobacco industry won legal battle on putting graphic warning labels on cigarette packages Green : CDC 's effort is a way to continue the fight against Big Tobacco
CNN  -- At a time when the trend among state legislatures is to create tough immigration laws , one Ohio city is pinning its ambitions on an opposite track . Dayton , with a population of about 140,000 , wants to become the friendliest place for immigrants . Immigrants , officials say , have opened businesses and created jobs in the city 's economy , and they hope to reverse the region 's economic slowdown by betting on immigrants . The Dayton City Commission this week accepted the so-called "  Welcome Dayton " plan , a framework for policies that could be implemented to make the city a more welcoming place . The pro-immigrant sentiment in Dayton stands in contrast to a number of high profile laws at the state level targeting illegal immigrants , but it is not a perfect comparison . The state laws are focused on combating illegal immigration . The city plan has nothing to do with illegal immigration , officials say , but rather with welcoming immigrants and treating all residents with respect . "  Critics conveniently connect the word ` immigrant ' with the word ` illegal ' when talking about the Welcome Dayton plan , but that 's not what this initiative is all about , " City Manager Tim Riordan said in a news release . "  We have many good people from all nationalities coming here to invest in the community and to build a better life . " But at least a couple of the recommendations made in the Welcome Dayton plan appear to take undocumented immigrants into consideration . The plan suggests the creation of a municipal identification card for Dayton residents who do n't have any other form of ID . Such a card could presumably help undocumented residents who need identification to open bank accounts or apply for driver 's licenses and other services . Another item that could have an impact on those who are in the country illegally is a recommendation that police emphasize immigration status checks only for suspects of serious crimes . Such a policy could protect undocumented immigrants stopped for minor offenses from fearing deportation . It is an opposite approach from those states with laws that seek to have police check the immigration status of everyone they stop . Other Dayton recommendations include improving the interpreter capabilities offered by the city and creating hiring incentives for government employees to learn a foreign language . The Welcome Dayton plan also advocates seeking federal grants for English study for immigrants . It also recommends using city lobbyists to advocate for pro-immigrant laws at the state and federal level . Many of these proposals would be controversial at the federal level , but opposition appeared to be minor in Dayton . At the public hearing where the plan was discussed , 10 members of the public stood up to address the commissioners about it . Nine of the 10 spoke in support of the measure , and the lone dissenter was n't from Dayton , but from nearby Columbus . The plan was approved unanimously . Dayton Mayor Gary Leitzell declined to speak to CNN Saturday , and referred to a statement posted on his blog , which he read at the commission meeting . "  This plan is designed to enhance the potential of Dayton as a competitor in the global economy by attracting immigrants who bring new ideas , new perspective , and new talent to our work force , " Leitzell said in the statement . "  In order to reverse the decades-long trend of economic decline in this city , we need to think globally and recruit the very best from around the world . " Welcome Dayton was hatched from a study of housing conditions for Hispanic residents , which ultimately led to a multiagency , communitywide effort to draft the plan . When the city asked its residents about the impact of immigrants , they learned that businesses had been started by immigrants . Houses were rehabilitated and underused buildings were reused and rejuvenated , the report found . According to the city , immigrants are two times more likely than others to become entrepreneurs . "  History proves that closed minds and resistance to change only results in failure , " Leitzell said . "  To those citizens who are against the Welcome Dayton plan â $ " instead of condemning something that you did n't participate in , volunteer to help us make it better . "	Dayton wants to become a nationally recognized immigrant-friendly city The initiative comes at a time when states are passing tough immigration laws Immigrants are more likely to start businesses and create jobs , the city says
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " had some fun recently at the expense of undecided voters . Bill Maher took it a step further on his HBO show "  Real Time , " calling those who have yet to make up their minds in the presidential election "  ignorant . " The jokes may be funny , but both campaigns are taking the final phase of the election season very seriously . The stakes are high in the first debate between President Obama and Mitt Romney , set for Wednesday night in Denver . As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said so aptly over the weekend , "  This whole race is going to be turned upside down come Thursday morning . " Opinion : Obama , light a cig ; Romney , throw deep That 's not just Jersey bluster . Both Obama and Romney are hoping to land a knockout punch -- a moment where they can break through for good . For viewers everywhere , expect great drama . Undecideds The notion that the final month of the election may not matter is , well , ignorant . Presidential debates can make a difference . Opinion : Swing voters want to hear specifics Let 's look back to 2000 . The final debate was "  enough to turn a neck-and-neck race into a solid lead for GOP Texas Gov. George W. Bush " over Al Gore . What did it ? "  The debate appears to have made Republicans more enthusiastic about voting while turning some Democrats away from the polls , " according to a CNN poll at the time . Same thing in 2004 . After the second presidential debate of the cycle , CNN wrote that Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry "  appears to be holding the ground he gained against President Bush after the first presidential debate . " It tightened a race that was at one point looking like a Bush runaway .  True , Bush won most of electoral votes , but the difference in popular votes was within 3 percentage points . Maher and SNL can poke fun at the undecided voters , but these people matter -- especially in a tight race like the one between Obama and Romney -- since they make up a small but solid percentage of the electorate . The undecideds will have three more chances to make a decision , including a debate on October 16 that will be moderated by "  State of the Union " anchor Candy Crowley . Unsatisfieds Recently , 40 % of Americans "  say they are not too or not at all satisfied , marking the lowest level of candidate satisfaction since the 1992 presidential election . " That 's a lot of Americans who are n't ready to enthusiastically embrace a candidate or start convincing their friends that their choice is the right one . What about the last presidential election ? In 2008 , 72 % of voters said they were satisfied with the choices , perhaps because both Barack Obama and Sarah Palin were dynamic . What does this mean for 2012 ? Namely , that a big voting bloc is waiting for the candidates to prove their worth . Opinion : Why debate is crucial for Obama , too The unsatisfieds are voters who feel their needs are not being met by the campaign stump speeches and talking points . CNN 's Halimah Abdullah took a look at these "  slivers " of voters . Abdullah profiled a man who voted for Obama in 2008 but has grown disillusioned . This man has a specific list of items that he finds politically appealing , but neither campaign has satisfied him so far . He plans to tune in to the debates which may sway him . Late deciders Like the unsatisfied voters , there is a group of voters who have n't started to pay attention to the race . They 're not glued to the 24-hour news cycle of cable TV or the blogosphere . They 're not remotely as invested as the inside-the-beltway crowd . But they do vote , and the debates are a critical last-minute stop for them . Opinion : Will candidates let returning troops fall off the fiscal cliff ? In the 2004 election , which at first looked like a big Bush victory before the debates in the last month , 10 % of voters said they decided in the final 30 days , and Kerry captured 54 % to Bush 's 44 % of this group . Similarly , in the 2008 race , 15 % of the voters made their decision in the last month , with more than 50 % going for Obama . In 1996 , Clinton received more of the last-minute deciders . Persuadables There 's one more category of people who Obama and Romney will be looking to lock up during the debates . These are the persuadable voters . They are voters who lean one way or the other but are n't sure whether they will cast a ballot . In the latest CNN poll , a large percentage of respondents fell into this category . Among Obama supporters , 26 % of likely voters "  moderately " support him while 30 % of registered voters "  moderately " support him . Among Romney supporters , 28 % of likely voters "  moderately " support him and 35 % of registered voters support him . These numbers are not insignificant . In a race that involves both rallying the base and attracting independents , especially in the swing states , turning moderate support to strong support as well as registered voters to likely voters can be a key to victory . 2012 finale Like any election , this one is defined by key moments . Certainly , Romney 's victory in the primary was one . Mitt and Ann Romney 's speeches at the Republican National Convention -- and , likewise , Barack and Michelle Obama 's at the Democratic National Convention -- were as well . Since the conventions Democrats have gained ground and a secretly taped video of Romney 's offhand comments about 47 % of Americans not paying taxes has surfaced . It would be surprising if Obama does n't allude to Romney 's comment in some way , even if in passing . Opinion : Romney 's best bet is to be Mr. Fix-it On the foreign policy front , a terrorist attack in Libya on September 11 left a U.S. Ambassador dead , and questions remain glaringly unanswered regarding the Obama administration 's handling of security in Libya . Romney is expected to bring up this issue . Back in late February was the "  season finale " of the primary debates , which in retrospect seemed like the ultimate reality show with more twists and turns than a "  Real Housewives " reunion . Now we get the season premiere of the general election debates with four highly anticipated episodes before the 2012 series finale . The comedy shows can have their fun -- but the real drama begins tonight in Denver . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Krakauer .	Wednesday night is the first debate between President Obama and Mitt Romney Steve Krakauer : The four upcoming debates can make a huge difference He says both campaigns try to sway the undecided , unsatisfied and late deciding voters Krakauer : Expect drama to begin in the election season finale in Denver
CNN  While it 's a form of transport few of us see , shipping packs a punch as a polluter . According to a recent study , shipping accounts for around 3 % of global CO2 emissions . Not surprising when you consider that the engines of the world 's estimated 90,000 cargo ships are in use 24 hours a day while traveling . Futuristic concepts for container ships powered by alternative energy range from windmill-powered propellers to banks of vertical metal sails . Even though most are still on the drawing board , one concept is starting to be viewed seriously by the shipping industry . Airfoil design Called the "  Vindskip , " the Norwegian design uses the high sides of its container ships as sails , turning the whole vessel into a wind-assisted airfoil . Designed by Lade AS , the Oslo-based company says the hybrid merchant ship -- which would still have a liquefied natural gas-powered engine -- could achieve fuel savings of 60 % and reduce emissions by 80 % . It 's the brainchild of Terje Lade , who used his skills as a speed sailor to develop his aerodynamic design . He says the futuristic container ship works more like an airplane than a conventional sailing ship . He said : "  In the era of Christopher Columbus , for example , he would have used what became known as trade winds but his ship was quite different from the VindSkip because he would have been sailing with the wind -- he could n't sail into the wind . "  VindSkip can almost sail into the wind ; in this way it 's more like an airplane . "  It uses apparent wind , or the sail wind , to generate pull in much the same way that an airplane will take off when it reaches a certain speed . " The ship would be able to point as high as 18 degrees into the wind , the vacuum created on the lee side of the vessel  the side sheltered from the wind  enough to propel the ship forward . Computers critical Critical to the design is computer software being developed by Germany 's Fraunhofer Center for Maritime Logistics and Services , which calculates the optimal sailing route based on the weather and prevailing winds . "  With this software , you input when you want to leave and when you want to arrive , the weather forecast is loaded into the program and then it calculates the best route , " Lade said . "  This would be dynamically updated every day . At each waypoint it would check with the time arrival and tell the crew whether to speed up using the engines or slow down ; it makes it very easy for the crew . " The algorithms in the software also calculate the best angle to the wind to gain the maximum performance from the design . "  With our weather routing module the best route can be calculated in order to consume as little fuel as possible . As a result costs are reduced . After all , bunker  ship fuel oil  expenses account for the largest part of the total costs in the shipping industry , " said Laura Walther , researcher at CML in Hamburg . Sulfur -- the game changer Changes to regulations in the sulfur content of marine heavy fuels are set to make the price of bunker fuel -- typically among the heaviest and dirtiest of fuels in the distillation process -- more expensive . Shippers traditionally favored polluting residual bunker fuels because they were cheap , with large ships having the space to transport the pre-heaters necessary to make the fuel volatile . But all that is about to change . Current international regulations cap sulfur content at 3.5 % but this is expected to drop to 0.5 % by 2020 . "  This makes things quite dramatic , " said Lade . "  There are not many good solutions to this . At the moment they can wash the exhaust with scrubbers but on big ships this is very complex and very expensive . "  This is where the ` Vindskip ' comes in -- due to the low fuel consumption it can run on LNG which means there is no sulfur at all . " One of Norway 's biggest shipowners , Wilhelmsen , has already entered the project on a technical basis and , while Lade is quietly confident the world 's first Vindskip will slip into the water by 2019 , he says the global shipping industry had been slow to respond to his design . "  But  the big driving force in the Vindskip project will be these new regulations on sulfur levels , " Lade said . "  The big problem with sulfur is that it acidifies the sea and this means that shrimps and crabs ca n't form their shells , " said Lade , adding that acidification was impacting the entire marine ecosystem . "  It 's very bad . Something has to be done -- it ca n't go on this way . " The Danish shipping line Maersk told CNN that it was pursuing innovations in energy efficiency as a solution in the "  here and now . " "  In general , we do not believe that wind-assisted designs will play any significant role within the container shipping industry in the foreseeable future , " said Maersk head of sustainability Signe Bruun Jensen . "  The technology remains unproven at both commercial and operational scale . " She said that Maersk was developing its Triple-E vessels which used ultra-long stroke engines , efficient vessel shape and advanced waste heat recovery systems to improve CO2 efficiency by 50 % per container . "  If you look at the technology already on-board our vessels today , it 's remarkable just how far we 've come , " she said .	A Norwegian design would use the high sides of a cargo ship as sails The designers say it could save as much as 60 % on fuel costs , 80 % on CO2 emissions The world 's first VindSkip could slip into the water by 2019
CNN  -- No doubt about it , actor Steven Yeun is in a pretty great place in his career . He 's on one of the most popular scripted series on cable , "  The Walking Dead , " and he 's one of the most popular characters on that series . On top of that , he is as close as one can get to being a romantic lead on a show about a zombie apocalypse . His character , Glenn , is involved with farmer 's daughter Maggie , and they have the most stable relationship of all of the survivors at this point . Of course , stability -- not to mention life itself -- is a very fragile thing on "  The Walking Dead . " The third season , which began on Sunday to record ratings , sees the group settling in what at first appeared to be in an abandoned prison . Yeun spoke with CNN about the new season , the fans and what scares him more than zombies . CNN : Where is Glenn 's head at this season ? Yeun : He sees himself as , if not a leader , at least a provider and protector and someone to look to in times of trouble . You see Glenn in this moment ready to take up the charge . It 's not easy , but these are the moments he 's been preparing for . We 'll see how that plays out . CNN : How devoted is he to Maggie now , as opposed to the rest of the group ? Yeun : I think Maggie is his strongest link . She 's the sole thing he identifies with . I think she 's the only thing that keeps him from going off on his own . I do n't think he completely trusts the group . You saw in the last season , he questioned Rick , someone he 's always looked up to . Glenn saw that the only thing he can really trust is his own gut , and he needs to do that to protect the people he loves . Maggie is his sole connection to being in this world , even . CNN : What new challenges come with the change of setting ? Yeun : It 's an adjustment to get used to being on stages , not outside all the time . Luckily , our writers and producers make sure we had plenty of time in the battering heat . It was a challenge at first , but it 's fun to play how the situation changes how the character behaves . CNN : Is there anything for Glenn this season that tops that grotesque , harrowing scene in the well ? Yeun : This season is literally no holds barred ; it 's gas pedal down . I 'm excited for people to see what 's coming . It 's just crazy . The well was an amazing thing . It was terrifying and fun . There 's definitely stuff this season that tops that by far . CNN : How does it feel to know about the season premiere 's record-breaking ratings ? Yeun : It 's pretty damn amazing . It 's nice to know that people are anticipating it and telling their friends . It 's all around great . CNN : Are you into horror movies ? Yeun : I 'm not much of a horror fan . When it comes to ghost stuff and demon stuff , I ca n't watch that . I 've heard too many crazy stories about that stuff , so I do n't mess around that . Especially when you 're staying in a haunted hotel . CNN : So zombies are no problem , but ghosts on the other hand ... Yeun : Zombies -- you can deal with that . You can punch or shoot them . With ghosts , you 're going to be possessed , or something 's going to be thrown at you . You ca n't do anything about that . No , thank you ! CNN : Did you run into "  Mythbusters ' " Grant Imahara when he dressed up as Glenn at Dragon * Con this year ? Yeun : That 's pretty amazing that he did that . It 's amazing to see anyone do anything with that character . I 'm just lucky enough to be able to play it in a public forum . CNN : Have you had any unusual "  zombie " interactions outside of the show ? Yeun : People are strange sometimes , which is completely hilarious to me . A really normal couple in Atlanta were walking down the street , and the girl recognized me and started walking towards me in a "  walker " walk . And she was committed , like "  Uuuuhh , I love your showwww ... " That was unique . CNN : Finally , I have to ask , do you ever try to get information out of "  Walking Dead " creator Robert Kirkman about what 's going to happen on the show ? Yeun : They 're pretty protective  of that  . They hold on to things sometimes . We just do n't ask , out of courtesy . And also , if you ask , you may put it on yourself . CNN : Do n't mess with the guy who could kill you off , huh ? Yeun : Exactly .	Steven Yeun portrays fan favorite Glenn on "  The Walking Dead " The hit AMC series just began its third season Yeun promises even more gruesome scenes this season
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live lawyers rested their defense case in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial , setting the scene for closing arguments to be delivered in a Los Angeles courtroom starting Monday . "  We 're in the 9th inning , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos told jurors Wednesday afternoon , the 81st day of testimony in the trial to decide if Jackson 's last concert promoter is liable in the singer 's death . Katherine Jackson and grandchildren Prince , Paris and Blanket contend AEG Live executives negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Murray , who is set to be freed from jail next month , did not testify in the five-month-long trial because he indicated he would invoke his constitutional right to refuse to answer questions while his appeal is pending for his criminal conviction . While the trial has been held in a small courtroom with seating limited to just 60 by the fire marshal , the judge decided Wednesday that the three days of closing arguments will be delivered in a larger courtroom that can seat hundreds . Lawyers for Jackson 's mother and three children will call two more witnesses before resting their rebuttal case Thursday . Dr. Allan Metzger , who treated Jackson for nearly three decades , is set to take the stand Thursday morning . Jackson 's pain was real , doctor testifies AEG Live lawyers played video of Metzger 's deposition testimony as their last witness Wednesday , but Jackson lawyers say they want to ask him questions not covered when the deposition was recorded last year . Metzger said in his deposition that Jackson would "  doctor shop " and that he kept details of treatments by other physicians a secret . "  Michael would never tell me what he was doing , " he said . AEG Live lawyers contend Jackson 's secrecy about his drug use made it impossible for its executives to know that Dr. Murray posed a danger to the singer as he prepared for his comeback concerts . Murray told investigators that he gave Jackson infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol almost every night for the last two months of his life to treat his insomnia . The coroner ruled Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was caused by a propofol overdose . "  Michael would seek out avenues of sleep helpers and that 's another aspect of his secrecy , " Metzger testified . "  I never did know what he did when he was n't in L.A. " Jackson was "  secretive about medicine , secretive about procedures , secretive about all kinds of stuff , which was part of his mystique , " he said . Metzger described a phone call from Jackson on February 26 , 2009 , four months before his death . It was a month after he signed a contract with AEG Live to do his "  This Is It " comeback tour that would debut in London in July . "  It was more of an anxiety call , about his health and how he was going to deal with all the 30 or 50 shows , " Metzger said . "  I do n't think at that time he knew how many shows it would be . " Jackson was "  fearful because this is it and he needed to do a lot of perfectionizing , " Metzger said . "  He wanted it to be something that had never been done before and it had to be great , so he had a lot of pressure from himself . " Jackson "  wanted to redeem Michael Jackson " and "  go out with a flash , " he said . The pop icon was "  still terribly hurt " about the child molestation trial that ended in his acquittal four years earlier , he said . Odd twist in trial "  He was one of the most recognized names in the world and he wanted it to stay that way , " Metzger testified . Jackson 's biggest worry was "  that he was going to have a hell of a time sleeping and what are we going to do . " He had a long history of not being able to sleep between shows on a tour , he said . Metzger visited Jackson at his Los Angeles home on April 18 , 2009 -- two months before his death -- to discuss "  his profound sleep disorder , " the doctor said . The doctor said he suggested they find a sleep expert in London , where his first 50 shows were scheduled , who would use "  safe modalities for sleep . " Metzger conferred with other doctors in Los Angeles , hoping for recommendations to help Jackson . "  I batted zero , " he testified . "  Nobody had any specific people for me to call . " Jackson told Metzger he wanted someone to give him intravenous medicine that would put him to sleep . "  I ca n't sleep without something special , " he told him . Propofol is infused intravenously . "  I told him it was dangerous and potentially life threatening , " Metzger said . He warned Jackson that it should only be used in a hospital because he could overdose , have an allergic reaction in a hotel , be given a wrong medication or develop an infection . "  It just is n't the right thing to do , " he said he told Jackson . A nurse who tried to help Jackson find sleep with vitamin infusions testified last month that Jackson became convinced that propofol was the only cure for his insomnia . Cherilyn Lee said Jackson asked her on April 19 , 2009 -- a day after his meeting with Metzger -- to find an anesthesiologist who could put him to sleep him with propofol . Lee , like Metzger , refused the request , warning him it was unsafe . She testified that she told Jackson that any doctor who would give him propofol at home did n't care about him and was just doing it for the money . Jackson lawyers contend it was around the same time that Dr. Murray agreed to take to job . Just over two weeks later -- on May 6 -- an AEG Live executive wrote in an e-mail saying that it was a "  done deal " that Murray was being hired for $ 150,000 a month to serve as Jackson 's full-time physician . Jackson lawyers began their rebuttal case Wednesday afternoon by calling Los Angeles Police Detective Scott Smith , who testified that he concluded Murray 's motive in Jackson 's homicide was the $ 150,000 monthly salary he was to get from AEG Live . Jackson 's fatal search for sleep "  Information was obtained that revealed that Dr. Murray financially was in ruins , was losing his house in Las Vegas , had a lien against his pool , was arrears in child support for multiple children to multiple women , " Smith said . "  Financially , he was just a mess . " Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live executives created a conflict of interest with the structure of their agreement with Murray , which provided that he could be fired if the concerts were delayed or canceled . He was too dependent upon the pay to refuse to administer the risky propofol infusions which Jackson was convinced he needed to prepare for the tour , they argue . The key reason Jackson lawyers called Smith was to refute a statement made by Kathy Jorrie , the lawyer who helped negotiate and write the contract between AEG Live and Murray . Smith , who interviewed Jorrie during his investigation of Murray , wrote in his report that she told him that the London concerts were "  only the beginning , that Michael Jackson was going to do a world tour that was to last two to three years . " Jorrie testified last month that she never told police there was a planned world tour . "  If Detective Smith were to come in here and say you made that statement he would be lying ? " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked Jorrie . "  He would be mistaken , " Jorrie replied . In court Wednesday , Smith testified that "  she did state that there was going to be a world tour that would last two to three years . " He said it was reflected in his handwritten notes , as well as the typewritten summary of his interview with the lawyer for AEG Live . Evidence that AEG Live and Jackson intended to take his tour around the world is important if the jury decides the company should pay damages in the singer 's death . An entertainment expert hired by the Jacksons estimated he would have earned $ 1.6 billion if he had not died -- mostly from that world tour . It represents lost income that jurors could order AEG Live to pay the family in damages . Jackson lawyers said they may show jurors previously unseen raw video of Jackson 's last rehearsals after they call Dr. Metzger to the witness stand Thursday . They said they expect to rest their case at the end of the day . Judge Palazuelos will read several hours of jury instructions on Friday , guidance intended to help jurors find their way through a complicated case that could take weeks to deliberate . Expert : Jackson was a drug addict	"  We 're in the 9th inning , " judge tells jurors after 81 days of testimony Jackson lawyers will call two more witnesses before resting their rebuttal case Thursday Closing arguments will be held in a large courtroom to allow hundreds to watch Monday Jackson "  wanted to redeem Michael Jackson " with comeback shows , doctor testifies
CNN  -- Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola says a deal to sign Cesc Fabregas may be scuppered by Arsenal 's reluctance to sell their captain . Arsenal have already rejected a $ 45.6 million bid from the Spanish champions and Gunners manager Arsene Wenger has demanded an end to speculation over the transfer . Fabregas , 23 , was a product of the Barca youth scheme before leaving to join Arsenal at the age of 16 . "  He is a very important player for Arsenal and I understand that he will cost a lot of money , " Guardiola told reporters on Monday , AFP reported . "  It is Arsenal who are in charge  of this deal  and if Arsenal do n't want it , he will not come . " Fabregas has been publicly urged to join Barca by several of his Spain teammates and was embarrassingly forced into wearing the Catalan side 's shirt as they celebrated their World Cup triumph in Madrid . But he held talks with Wenger before the World Cup and has not agitated for a move . Barcelona president Sandro Rosell said Friday that Arsenal 's determination to keep Fabregas may delay the deal for another season . Barcelona have already completed the big-money purchase of Spain World Cup hero David Villa from Valencia this summer and on Friday sealed the signing of Brazilian utility player Adriano from Sevilla . Arsenal have not won a trophy since 2005 , while Barca won the European Champions League in 2009 and the Spanish league the past two seasons .	Guardiola says Arsenal will have final say in whether Fabregas joins Barcelona Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger wants end to speculation over possible deal Barca president Sandro Rosell believes deal may be delayed until next year
The Donald Sterling scandal has claimed collateral damage : the president of the NAACP 's Los Angeles chapter . Leon Jenkins resigned Thursday , after the civil rights group came under fire for its plans to present a lifetime achievement award to the Los Angeles Clippers owner . Meanwhile on Friday , Sterling 's purported girlfriend said through her attorney she was merely a platonic friend , with no sexual relationship with the NBA team owner . Sterling is accused of making racist comments against African-Americans in an audio recording that surfaced last weekend that purportedly depict an argument between Sterling and V. Stiviano . On Friday , Sterling was quoted on DuJour.com as saying "  I wish I had just paid her off " in reference to Stiviano . The site , which specified that Sterling was referring to Stiviano in a discussion with one of its writers , did n't state when the remark was made . Sterling is n't the only one reeling in the controversy . The uproar also struck one of the nation 's leading civil rights groups , the NAACP , whose Los Angeles chapter rescinded Monday its offer to give Sterling a lifetime achievement honor once Sterling 's racist remarks came to light . But that reversal was apparently too late . The outcry was too much for the group . "  Please be advised that the legacy , history and reputation of the NAACP is more important to me than the presidency , " Jenkins said , in announcing his resignation . He said he was stepping down to separate the organization from the "  negative exposure I have caused . " Group 's highest honor The lifetime achievement award is the NAACP 's highest honor . The L.A. chapter presented Sterling with the award in 2009 , and was planning to do so again this month . Sterling had donated a substantial amount of money to the chapter in the last few years . Some reports put it around $ 45,000 . Earlier this week , the NBA 's commissioner came down hard on Sterling , ordering him out of his team 's business and pushing to force him to sell over the remarks that caused a firestorm since becoming public last weekend . The inflammatory sentiments came packaged in a 10-minute recording that TMZ said occurred during an April 9 conversation between Sterling and girlfriend Stiviano . On the recording , a man and woman argue about photos posted to Instagram in which she appears with African-Americans . The man says he does n't want the woman bringing any black people to games with her . The sports website Deadspin posted five additional minutes of what it said was part of the same audio recording . ` Giving away integrity ' The NAACP and Sterling were n't strangers , and the group had honored Donald Sterling before , an analyst said . "  The first time Sterling was awarded a lifetime achievement award by the group was in the midst of a lawsuit for housing discrimination based upon race , " said LZ Granderson , a CNN contributor and lecturer at Northwestern University . "  To decide to honor him with the award a second time , after he had paid millions to settle multiple discrimination suits ... is not selling out . Selling out makes financial sense . No , considering what $ 45,000 means to a man of Sterling 's wealth , honoring him with awards is just giving integrity away . " The billionaire real estate mogul has found himself in hot water in the past , denying in court accusations of discrimination tied to the NBA team and to property he owns . A ` social price ' to pay Soon after the scandal broke , Jenkins did n't seem inclined to cut ties with Sterling . "  At some point when there has been proof , I think that would be a legitimate time for the NAACP to sit down with Sterling and try to work out how and why he did what he did and what is he going to do in the future , " he said . "  God teaches us to forgive . And the way I look at it , after a sustained period of just proof to the African-American community that those words do n't really reflect his heart , I think there 's room for forgiveness . " By Monday , Jenkins had changed course . "  The revelation that Mr. Sterling may have made comments in a phone conversation that were reminiscent of an ugly time period in American history that contained elements of segregation and racial discrimination demands that the Los Angles NAACP intention to honor Mr. Sterling for his lifetime body of work must be withdrawn , and his donation to the Los Angeles NAACP returned , " the group said Monday when it withdrew its invitation . "  There is a personal , economic and social price that Mr. Sterling must pay for his attempt to turn the clock back on race relations . " ` Girlfriend ' says she was just a pal On Friday , Stiviano 's lawyer said his client was n't Sterling 's girlfriend . Rather , Stiviano was a platonic friend , said attorney Mac E. Nehoray . "  My client was not Donald Sterling 's mistress or girlfriend . We have proof that there was no sexual relationship , " Nehoray said . "  They were more like friends . Platonic . " When asked why gave Sterling her such lavish gifts as expensive cars , the attorney said : "  Because he cares about her . " Nehoray also stated that Stiviano did n't distribute the recorded conservation . "  She did not leak the recordings , " the attorney said . "  We are narrowing down who might have leaked the tapes , but we do not want to divulge at this point . " Stiviano does n't have a book deal connected to the Sterling controversy , Nehoray said . "  There is no book deal . She 's been writing a book , but not about Sterling . It 's about her life , " Nehoray said . Stiviano used to work in a crime victims unit in a district attorney 's office , Nehoray added . "  When the truth comes out , whoever has been calling her ` gold digger ' and ` con artist ' will have to retract that -- absolutely false , " Nehoray said . In March , Sterling 's wife sued Stiviano , accusing her having an affair with the billionaire team owner . In the lawsuit , Rochelle Sterling accuses Stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . The suit claims that Donald Sterling used the couple 's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari , two Bentleys and a Range Rover . Stiviano also took over a $ 1.8 million duplex through fraud and received about $ 250,000 in cash from Sterling , the court document claims . Stiviano fought back , saying in another court document that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts . She also said she never took advantage of the Clippers owner , who made much of his fortune in real estate . Sterling no stranger to lawsuits This is n't the first time the Sterlings have been involved in a lawsuit . Elgin Baylor , who was executive vice president and general manager of the Clippers from 1986 to 2008 , filed a lawsuit alleging wrongful termination against Sterling in 2009 , saying that the team 's owner underpaid him and treated him "  as a token because of his race . " Sterling denied those accusations and said the team acted within its rights and "  for good cause and not for any improper reason . " Before the case went to trial , Baylor dropped the racial discrimination claim but maintained accusations of age discrimination . A jury sided with Sterling in 2011 . The Justice Department filed a lawsuit in 2006 accusing Sterling 's rental company of refusing to lease Beverly Hills apartments to African-Americans , refusing to rent to non-Koreans in the Koreatown section of Los Angeles County and turning away families with children from its properties . That case was settled in 2009 , with Sterling agreeing to pay nearly $ 3 million but continuing to deny the accusations . Then there was a 2003 lawsuit in which the nonprofit Housing Rights Center and a group of tenants who lived in Sterling 's properties accused him of "  numerous discriminatory statements and housing practices , " according to court documents . Among other claims , his accusers said Sterling told building staff that he did not like Hispanic or African-American tenants and that he preferred Korean-American tenants and made "  disparaging comments " about African-American and Hispanic tenants . Sterling , according to court documents , "  vehemently denied " the allegations and accused the plaintiffs of "  being unreliable tenants and for being driven by hidden agendas . " The case was dismissed in 2005 after a settlement was reached . Details of the deal were not disclosed . One of his former tenants , Darryl Williams , videotaped Sterling 's wife going door-to-door at the building . Over a decade later , Williams says he 's still mystified about what happened and about Sterling himself . "  We rent his buildings , support his basketball team , play on his teams , " said Williams , who is African-American . "  But he 's oblivious to that . As far as he 's concerned , he 's like a plantation owner . "	Former tenant of Sterling 's likens him to "  a plantation owner " Publication : Sterling on his purported girlfriend : "  I wish I had just paid her off " The woman claims she was merely a platonic friend of Sterling 's , attorney says L.A. NAACP leader resigns due to "  negative exposure " over plan to honor Sterling
LONDON , England  CNN  -- How does a man from an unassuming Dutch village go to being loved in South Korea , adored in Australia , revered in Russia and admired in England ? Guus Hiddink , the Russia and Chelsea coach , has had much to smile about in his 22-year managerial career . By being an exceptional football manager , for one . Enjoying success around the world -- at different levels with different players in different cultures -- has made Guus Hiddink one of the most admired bosses around . Born in rural Varsseveld , near the German border , in 1946 , Hiddink 's early years were unremarkable . While playing semi-professional football , he spent 10 years as a gym teacher at a school for children with learning difficulties . Most of his playing days were in the midfield of De Graafschap , a smallish club with no history of winning silverware . He later spent two years playing in America before returning to retire at De Graafschap . Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Hiddink " Little , then , to suggest that here was a man who would achieve so much in his later career . But great players seldom become great managers . His first steps in that direction came at De Graafschap , Holland , where he was assistant manager before moving to the same role at Dutch giants PSV Eindhoven . See key moments from Hiddink 's career " By 1987 , at the age of 40 , he was in charge of PSV and led them to their 1988 European Cup win , a feat unthinkable today . He almost reached the final again in 2005 during his second spell in Eindhoven . Hiddink 's keeper at PSV , Hans van Breukelen , revealed some of the manager 's methods . "  He 's very interested in people and immediately tries to create a family environment , " he told Britain 's Sun newspaper . "  I can vividly remember him smoking and having a cup of coffee with his players . I do n't know if he still smokes , but he was a chain smoker at PSV . " Hiddink 's resume includes stints in other high-pressure jobs such as Fenerbahce , Valencia and Real Madrid , but it 's on the international scene where his shrewd tactical mind , organizational skills and motivational prowess grabbed attention . Semifinalists with Holland at the 1998 World Cup , he took over South Korea in 2001 and led the co-hosts of the 2002 World Cup to the last four . No Asian country had ever gone as far in a World Cup before and he left the job a national hero . He agreed to coach another underdog in the shape of Australia in 2005 and led them to the 2006 World Cup . There , the Socceroos had eventual winners Italy rattled for much of their second-round match before succumbing to a late , controversial penalty . Hiddink took Russia to Euro 2008 , where they were beaten by Spain at the semifinal stage . Naturally his hometown Varsseveld wanted to capitalize on Hiddink 's huge global popularity . The "  Guuseum " was built in his honor , which for a time was particularly popular with South Koreans on a pilgrimage to see from where their idol hailed . Chelsea were in the doldrums when he arrived on a short-term deal in January as a favor to his comrade , Roman Abramovich , the club 's billionaire owner . And the Hiddink magic has worked again , giving the Blues direction to a season that was drifting under previous boss Luiz Felipe Scolari . But the straight-speaking Dutchman is loyal to the project he has in charge of the Russian national side and insists he will leave Chelsea at the end of the season regardless . Sure of himself but free of ego , Hiddink knows what he wants . And , as he 's repeatedly proved , he knows how to get it too .	Born in 1946 , Hiddink has become one of the best managers in the world Dutchman has enjoyed huge success at club and international level He 's currently coach of Russia and is in charge of Chelsea until end of May
CNN  -- Oxbow , after a sixth-place showing at the Kentucky Derby , led wire-to-wire to claim victory Saturday at the 138th running of the Preakness Stakes . The horse , ridden by veteran Gary Stevens , dashed the Triple Crown hopes of Orb , which finished fourth at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore . Itsmyluckday finished second and Mylute was third . Oxbow 's winning time was 1:57:54 over the 1 3/16 - mile course , 4Â 1/2 seconds slower than the record set by Triple Crown winner Secretariat in 1973 . Oxbow came into the Preakness as a 15-1 shot , and "  did n't get a lot of respect after the Derby , " Stevens , who came out of retirement earlier this year , told NBC . Preakness Stakes : Fun facts about ` the middle sister ' The 50-year-old Stevens in January took a call from Oxbow trainer D. Wayne Lukas , who he told him "  I 'm going to have a colt for you . " That colt was Oxbow . "  His mind was right " on Saturday , said Stevens . He did n't expect his horse to go to the lead so early , but it did n't leave him gassed at the end . "  He exploded home coming off the turn , " Stevens said . Orb , the Derby winner and a 3-5 favorite at the Preakness Stakes , got a clean start from the inside post but soon became boxed in on the rail where he started . He was hemmed in among the other colts , unable to stake a position on the outside as he had in rallying to victory at Churchill Downs on May 4 . The third Triple Crown race , the Belmont Stakes , is set for June 8 in New York . Stevens , a Hall of Fame jockey , said Oxbow maintained a "  nice , easy pace . " "  What you saw out there was the way we trained , " Stevens said . "  His ears were up so he was telling me he was comfortable and it was just like we worked out . " Former racehorses get a second chance at life It was the third Preakness victory for Stevens , who had settled into a second career as a race commentator before the call from Lukas . "  He 's like a brother , a coach and a father figure to me , " Stevens said of Lukas , who now claims six Preakness winners . Crowning glory : The artful hats of horse racing CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed this report .	Oxbow leads Preakness Stakes from start to finish 15-1 outsider ridden by Gary Stevens Favorite Orb loses bid for Triple Crown 138th running of the famous race in Baltimore
TROY , Virginia  CNN  -- "  My total sentence was 55 years -- for possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , " recalls Carolyn LeCroy . Carolyn LeCroy started The Messages Project after seeing how a lack of family visits left other prisoners unhappy . Twelve years ago , LeCroy walked out of prison , only to walk right back in -- but this time , on her own terms . After witnessing firsthand the effects of broken relationships between incarcerated parents and their children , the former inmate and mother of two now works to help repair those bonds . Her tool : video messages from prison . "  I took a bad situation and I made something good of it , " she says . In 1994 , LeCroy 's life took an unexpected turn when she was arrested . The news producer claims she had been allowing a former friend to use her storage unit . "  Believe me , I knew that it was marijuana -LSB- in there -RSB- ; he had told me , " LeCroy says . "  I had no idea the amount . " LeCroy says police were looking for something else when their drug dog hit on her unit . "  The guy it belonged to ran , so I was literally left holding the bag , " LeCroy recalls . "  I 'd never had even a traffic ticket . And then this happened . And I got 55 years . " LeCroy 's sentence was eventually reduced and she served a fraction of that amount . But the experience in prison changed her life . "  When I was in prison , and I would get visits , I would come back to the floor , and I would see the women who never got visits , " LeCroy recalls . "  And they were always depressed and unhappy . " According to the U.S. Department of Justice , only 20 percent of prison inmates receive monthly visits from their children . As an exception to the statistic , LeCroy calls herself one of the lucky ones . Visits from her sons , ages 18 and 22 , kept her going . "  Sometimes these prisons are a three - or four-hour drive away from home and little children have no way of getting themselves there , " she says . "  If there is n't a caretaker who can make the commitment , the kids just do not get to see mom or dad . " Witnessing fellow inmates ' sadness , LeCroy remembers thinking , "  If the women are feeling this , I can imagine what the children are feeling . " So after making parole in 1996 , LeCroy used her background as a film and video producer to start The Messages Project . In December 1999 , she and volunteer camera crews were granted admission to Fluvanna Correctional Center for Women in Troy , Virginia . There , they recorded video messages with mothers to be mailed to their children and families as Christmas gifts . Since then , The Messages Project has worked in six state prisons at least three times a year . Watch LeCroy describe the personal experience that led her from marijuana to messages " "  For many of the inmates , these videos are the first time they have taken responsibility and apologized to their kids , and the first step to establishing a bond that was lost when they went to jail , " LeCroy says . Watch how LeCroy 's Messages Project helps inmates connect to their children " LeCroy and volunteers have recorded roughly 3,000 video messages , stories , poems and wishes from inmates to their children and families . Watch LeCroy and volunteers help an incarcerated mother record her emotional message " "  One inmate taught his son how to shoot hoops ; others have read their children bedtime stories , " she says . "  The kids play it over and over . Some wo n't go to sleep unless mom reads them that book . " When funds allow , LeCroy sends the book with the inmate 's video . "  I think a lot of people have a preconceived notion of what an inmate is , " says LeCroy . "  One of the things I try to do is to show that they 're humans ; they 're real people . And they have children and they have families and they all love them . "	In prison , Carolyn LeCroy saw other inmates depressed by a lack of family visits Out on parole , LeCroy used her video experience to start The Messages Project The project has helped inmates send about 3,000 video messages home
CNN  -- English Premier League champions Manchester United posted record third-quarter revenue of # 91.7 million -LSB- $ 142 million -RSB- on the back of new sponsorship deals in Asia and Europe . The club , who have just claimed their 20th Premier League title , reported a 52.2 % increase in sponsorship revenue having announced new deals with two financial services providers in Denmark and Vietnam as well as an agreement with a Japanese social gaming company . As one of the world 's most popular and successful sport teams , United has a total of 36 corporate sponsors despite gross debt standing at # 367.6 million . Financial football expert Andy Green tweeted : "  In next few years #MUFC will generate over # 200m in surplus cash . What will it be used for ? " Last month , the club signed an eight year deal with U.S. insurance giant Aon , to brand the club 's training kit and attach its name to the Carrington training ground . Read more : Manchester United pen new multi-million dollar Aon deal It is the first time the English Premier League giants have sold the branding rights to their coveted training ground on the outskirts of Manchester and represents another step in the club 's strategy to increase revenues . The drive for sponsorship revenue comes at a time when United is seeking to bring in new players for the 2013/14 season in September , as the team prepares to defend its domestic title and attempt to win the European Cup for fourth time . Earlier this week , manager Alex Ferguson promised the club would be "  competitive " in the summer transfer market as they hope to rival other title contenders such as Manchester City and Chelsea . Speaking to Inside United , the club 's official magazine , Ferguson said : "  Hopefully the players we bring into the club in the next year or so will be of the quality we need . " United have reportedly been linked with moves for Borussia Dortmund 's Polish striker Robert Lewandowski and Atletico Madrid 's prolific forward Radamel Falcao . Although United coasted to the Premier League title , Ferguson 's side was knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid in the quarterfinals . The Old Trafford club is owned by the American Glazer family , who oversaw the club 's listing on the New York Stock Exchange last August . For the 2011/2012 season , United increased revenues by # 14.2 million to # 117.6 million , the highest of any club in the Premier League .	United , who have just claimed their 20th Premier League title , reported a 52.2 % increase in sponsorship revenue Last month , the club signed an eight year deal with U.S. insurance giant , Aon , worth # 120 million Manchester United is owned by the American Glazer family and listed on the New York Stock Exchange
CNN  -- It 's honeymooners ' heaven and a surfer 's dream . It 's America 's most remote capital and perhaps its most exotic . Home to hula skirts and palm trees and some of the world 's most breathtaking beaches , Honolulu may well be a United States paradise . But paradise is n't cheap . The Hawaiian capital and the surrounding island of Oahu are among the most expensive places in the United States , and it can feel intimidating to find reasonably priced meals and activities as a budget-conscious tourist . Luckily , there are some monetary oases within this American paradise that will bring a smile to the heart  and wallet  of travelers on a budget . Take "  TheBus . " TheBus -- yes , it 's actually called TheBus -- is Oahu 's public transportation system , and it has stops throughout the island . One-way fares for adults are $ 2.50 and $ 1.25 for kids .  You can also get a four-day pass for $ 25.00 and a monthly pass for $ 60.00  . TheBus is a great way to get around Oahu without busting the piggy bank on a rental car . Plus , because it 's the driver 's responsibility to worry about traffic , all tourists have to do is soak in the sights . To luau or not to luau ? Your Hawaii tips Taste Hawaiian cuisine . No trip to Oahu is complete without some native Hawaiian fare like kalua pork  smoked pork slow-cooked underground  , lomi lomi salmon  fresh tomato and salmon salad  , chicken long rice  chicken broth with glass noodles  and poi  mashed taro  . Haili 's Hawaiian Foods -- winner of the Healthy Plate Lunch Contest run by Hawaii 's Department of Health -- offers a variety of native Hawaiian dishes for under $ 10 . The family-run restaurant has been in business since the 1950s , and the sisters who currently run it are happy to answer questions about dishes with an enthusiastic smile . Haili 's Hawaiian Foods is a short 20-minute bus ride from Waikiki on the 13 bus ; the restaurant is closed on Mondays . To sample some of the best short ribs on the island , visit another family-run local favorite , Helena 's Hawaiian Food , which has been around since 1946 and was featured on the Travel Channel 's "  Man v. Food . " Expect a line . The B or 2 buses go to Helena 's from Waikiki , and the ride takes about 40 minutes . It 's also closed on Mondays . Heavenly Hawaii : Dos and do n'ts Climb Diamond Head . Work off that Kalua pig by climbing Diamond Head crater . One of the most iconic sites on Oahu , it was formed about 300,000 years ago after a volcanic eruption . The trail to the summit was built in 1908 and used by the military to defend Oahu from invaders , but today , guests can climb it to see some of the most spectacular views of the island . Trekkers should allow 1Â 1/2 -2 hours for the climb and should wear comfortable shoes . Some parts of the ascent can be strenuous , and near the summit , there is a 225-foot narrow tunnel ; those suffering from claustrophobia should ask for the alternate route to the top . The walk to the base from Waikiki Beach takes about an hour . Diamond Head is also accessible via a short ride on the 22 , 23 and 24 buses from Waikiki . Cost of admission is $ 1.00 for pedestrians . Pick up souvenirs at the Aloha Stadium Swap Meet . Take the 20 or 42 bus from downtown Honolulu to the Aloha Stadium where a huge swap meet -- kind of like a flea market -- takes place Wednesdays , Saturdays and Sundays . Here , everything from macadamia nuts to Hawaiian shirts and local crafts to junk that residents are trying to unload from their attics are sold at prices well below what 's to be found in Waikiki . While some selling their wares at the swap meet are regular vendors offering deals on beach towels or souvenir magnets , be sure to check out locals selling used items on blankets near their cars , which may be more unique . Entrance to the swap meet is $ 1.00 , and the best time to arrive is between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning . Visit Pearl Harbor . Do n't miss the opportunity to pay your respects to those who died at Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 . The mood is a somber , peaceful contrast to the frenetic activity of Waikiki , and the museum offers a unique opportunity to learn about the Pearl Harbor attack from personal accounts of people who were there . While there is a charge to tour some areas of Pearl Harbor , many of the most moving parts of this historic site are free . There is no charge to visit the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument or to tour the USS Arizona . Note : Tours of the USS Arizona must be reserved . To reserve online there is a $ 1.50 reservation fee per ticket . It is not uncommon for tours to be booked solid several days in advance , though some tickets may be available up until noon on the same day of the tour . The 20 , 40 , 40A , 42 and 62 buses from Waikiki all make stops at Pearl Harbor ; the ride takes about an hour . Eat shave ice . No visit to Hawaii is complete without an afternoon shave ice . This Hawaiian treat is somewhat like a snow cone , only with smaller ice slivers that hold syrup better . For a really authentic incarnation of this treat , ask for a splash of Li Hing powder on top -- a kind of sweet and sour topping made from dried plums -- or condensed milk . Azuki beans  sweet red beans  and ice cream are also delicious accompaniments . While it 's sure to be delectable just about anywhere on the island , San Lorenzo Shave Ice in Haleiwa is particularly yummy . Expect to spend $ 4 to $ 6 , depending on size , for your sugary treat . Cheer as surfer dudes conquer the Banzai Pipeline . Oahu is a surfer 's paradise and home to some of the most exhilarating -- and dangerous -- waves in the world . Here , it 's not unusual to see daring surfers sliding underneath curling waves of the variety normally reserved for magazine covers and "  Blue Crush . " Surfers ride waves all day , though they 're usually most impressive before 11 a.m. Located on the less developed north side of Oahu , the Pipeline is near the Mokule'ia Beach Park  coming up next  . The 52 bus from Honolulu goes to the Pipeline ; the ride takes a little over two hours . To get to Mokule'ia Beach Park from the Pipeline , take the 52 bus back toward Honolulu for approximately 15 minutes . Get lost in awe at "  Lost " locations . Most of the hit television series "  Lost " was filmed on Oahu and fans can visit everywhere from the mental institution where Hurley lived to the home of the mysterious Smoke Monster . Many of these sites are free : For a quick infusion of "  Lost " mystique , visit the Hawaii Convention Center in downtown Honolulu to see where the cast filmed scenes that supposedly took place in the Sydney Airport . For the quintessential "  Lost " experience , visit the site of the fictional Flight 815 crash . Mokule'ia Beach Park , the filming site for most of season one , is on the north shore of Oahu , and a great place to visit along with the Banzai Pipeline . The north side of Oahu is less developed as a tourist destination than the south side where Waikiki is , so it 's not unusual for the beach to be empty  though do n't be surprised to see a sea turtle napping on the shore  . Beware that the intense surf on Oahu 's northern beaches often makes swimming dangerous , and no lifeguards are on duty . By bus , take the 52 to the Wahiawa Transit Center and transfer onto the 55 . Get off at the Papailoa Road stop on Kamehameha Highway . Make a left onto Papailoa Road and walk about five minutes to the public access point for the "  Lost " beach . Tour the Dole Plantation . It opened as a fruit stand in 1950 , but today , the Dole Plantation is a well-trodden tourist attraction that pays homage to one of the island 's most iconic foods : the pineapple . Access to many parts of the Dole Plantation are free , including a garden where children can roam and see different varieties of pineapple growing . For a bit more of a splurge , the Plantation Garden Tour is $ 5 for adults and $ 4.25 for children , and access to the world 's largest maze -- complete with a pineapple at its center -- is $ 6 for adults and $ 4 for children . A ride aboard the 20-minute Pineapple Express train is a little steeper , costing $ 8 for adults and $ 6 for children . If the weather 's hot , be sure to indulge in the world-famous pineapple frozen treat known as the DoleWhip before leaving  $ 4.25  . To get to the Dole Plantation , take bus 8 , 19 , 20 , 47 or 58 from Waikiki and transfer onto the 52 at Ala Moana Shopping Center ; ride time is approximately 1 hour and 45 minutes . Slurp some noodles . After a hard day of touring , a hearty meal is always needed . Marukame Udon , located right in Waikiki , is a Japanese cafeteria-style restaurant known for its homemade udon noodles -- a kind of thick , chewy spaghetti -- and the line out the door . Many of the noodle dishes cost under $ 5 and , for an extra splurge , individual pieces of tempura -- deep-fried shrimp or vegetables -- are available for about $ 1.50 .  Note : Marukame Udon does not take credit cards  . Do n't be intimidated : The line moves quickly , and the food is worth standing outside for . Have you been to Oahu ? Share your tips below for making the most of a visit .	Oahu 's public bus system is an economical way to get around Check out the Aloha Stadium Swap Meet for good value on souvenirs Shave ice and Japanese noodles are tasty , affordable snacks
CNN  -- It might feel like a throwback to the 1990s at this year 's Lollapalooza . Eminem and Outkast are set to headline the annual massive music festival held in Grant Park , Chicago , along with acts including Kings of Leon , Lorde , Calvin Harris , Arctic Monkeys and Skrillex . It will be just one of the stops for the members of Outkast , who recently announced they would be reuniting . Other acts for 2014 's Lollapalooza include Zedd , Nas , Broken Bells , Fitz & the Tantrums , Chvrches , Childish Gambino , Bombay Bicycle Club , and Chicago 's own Chance the Rapper , featured in the CNN original series "  Chicagoland . " Last year 's festival drew hundreds of thousands of visitors . This year marks the 10th anniversary of Lollapalooza 's revival -- the festival ran for seven years in the 1990s and was brought back in 2003 . In celebration there will be more than 130 acts performing on eight stages . The festival runs August 1-3 . By Wednesday most tickets were already sold out . Visit Lollapalooza.com for a full list of performers .	Lollapalooza will run August 1-3 There will be more than 130 acts Most tickets are already sold out
Florida State has opened a Title IX investigation into the 2012 sexual assault case involving Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Jameis Winston , an attorney for the accuser said Friday . Winston could be charged by Florida State for a code of conduct violation against him for sexual misconduct . John Clune , an attorney representing the woman who accused Winston of sexually assaulting her in December 2012 , said university officials interviewed his client last month . Clune said it "  was a very thorough interview " and that the accuser , a Florida State student , "  felt like she was heard by the university . " "  They took it very seriously , " Clune said . Florida State launched its investigation under the Title IX law , which requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault . This investigation is mandatory under the law even if criminal charges were not filed . Florida State , one of several universities under federal review for their handling of sexual violence and harassment complaints , would not comment on the investigation , citing state and federal student privacy laws . "  In general , complainants control the timing in our process , " said Florida State Strategic Communications Adviser Browning Brooks . David Cornwell , an adviser to Winston 's family , released a statement Thursday regarding Florida State 's investigation . "  The real story here is that after her Colorado attorneys created a media frenzy alleging that Florida State University failed to comply with its Title IX obligations ,  the accuser  had to come clean and admit that she previously refused to cooperate with the university 's Title IX inquiry . "  Now that she has finally done her Title IX interview , this is the fourth time  the accuser  has told her story . We anticipate the same conclusion that followed her previous three statements to the Tallahassee Police Department , Florida 's State Attorney 's Office and in the FSU Code of Student Conduct hearing . Jameis Winston did not sexually assault  the accuser  . " Tim Jansen , Winston 's attorney , has said his client had consensual sex with the woman . Willie Meggs , the Florida state attorney for the 2nd Judicial Circuit , which includes Leon County and Tallahassee , said in November that the investigators did not have probable cause to arrest Winston . According to police documents , the accuser said Winston raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in Tallahassee . She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . The accuser also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment , where a man took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections . The accuser reported the alleged assault to campus police that night . A month later , in January 2013 , she accused Winston of the alleged rape . Tallahassee interim Police Chief Tom Coe said last year that she "  broke off contact " with investigators in February 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . The woman 's family says a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case . After he won the Heisman , Winston and the Seminoles went on to win the BCS National Championship against Auburn . He spent this spring playing for the Florida State baseball team . Winston made headlines again in April when he was accused of shoplifting crab legs from a Publix supermarket in Tallahassee . Police said that Winston said he forgot to pay . Florida State remains No. 1 in the polls after a 37-31 win against Oklahoma State last week . Winston is once again seen as an early contender for the Heisman , college football 's top award . It is given in December to the player who voters believe had the best college football season .	University opens a Title IX investigation into the 2012 case An FSU student says Winston sexually assaulted her Winston won the Heisman trophy last year
Koro , Uganda  CNN  -- One of the abducted boys featured in the viral video demanding the capture of infamous warlord Joseph Kony is now a man and says the time for justice has arrived . Jacob Acaye , now 21 , revisited the village where he was abducted by Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army to tell why Kony 's crimes should not be forgotten . His story has touched millions since it was featured in "  Kony 2012 , " a video from the Invisible Children charity that created a global online buzz and renewed public interest in capturing Kony . Critics have questioned the film 's accuracy and warned that it oversimplified the situation in Uganda . Kony first unleashed his fury in eastern Africa more than two decades ago and is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . The LRA terrorized Uganda in a brutal campaign against the government and civilian population . Since 2006 , when it was pushed out of northern Uganda , it has largely operated in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Central African Republic . Invisible Children aimed to make Kony a household name and drum up global support to end the murders , rapes , abductions and other abuses committed by the LRA . Acaye -- sitting a few meters from where he was abducted -- told CNN : "  Whenever a brother is in a problem , whenever anybody is in a problem , it should get the attention of everyone in the world . "  It has been going on for the last 26 years . It shows that we are failing to solve it . And if there are any means that someone can help and it goes to end , then why not Americans get involved . "  For me the criticism -LSB- of "  Kony 2012 " -RSB- is unfair , because if I am to say it is fair then I would n't be here . Right now I would n't have been able to go to school . You would n't have been able to speak to me right now because I had no hope in my life . I reached even a point when I said , ' I can even die now ' because I thought it would be the immediate resolution of my suffering , you know . " Acaye 's home was Koro , a small dusty village -- a handful of circular huts off the main north-south road . There is little more than a track through the village and the occasional cockerel wanders from hut to hut . As Acaye squatted down on the edge of Koro he said he has watched an earlier version of the Kony film , but added "  It brings -LSB- back -RSB- a lot of memories . Sometimes I get sad when I watch it . " LRA rebels raided Koro in the middle of the night , smashing down the door in the hut where he was sleeping . He says they took 40 children that night . Acaye said his brother tried to escape the LRA but was captured and executed . It was the sight of his brother being killed that made Acaye realize he had no choice but to try to escape . He managed to reach the town of Gulu , about 11 kilometers  7 miles  from his village , and a shelter where he found safety . Now , after more than five years of peace in Northern Uganda many wonder if the online movie highlighting Kony 's crimes is too late . Acaye is now chasing the childhood ambition he thought was lost forever -- studying law in Uganda 's capital , Kampala . He says the LRA has left his village but justice must be done .	A man abducted as a boy by the Lord 's Resistance Army says it 's time to bring its leader Joseph Kony to justice Jacob Acaye was featured in the film "  Kony 2012 " which has renewed public interest in the Ugandan warlord He took CNN to a village near Gulu town to show the hut from where he was abducted by the LRA He successfully escaped after watching his brother be executed for a failed escape attempt
CNN  -- iTunes ? Old news . Radio ? Ancient history . Buying a new CD ? Maybe every now and then . But the most popular way today 's teens discover music is through clicking around on YouTube . That 's the finding of a new study by media research firm Nielsen . Its Music 360 report set out to learn how music is found , purchased and consumed . Among all adults , radio remains the most popular tool , with 48 percent saying that 's how they usually discover their new jams . Young listeners opting to stream , not own music But more teens , 64 percent , cited YouTube , the Web 's leading video-sharing site , as a place where they listen to music . Followed by radio  56 %  , iTunes  53 %  and CDs  50 %  . The popularity of YouTube is dramatically higher among teens than all adults . Only 7 percent of all respondents said they discover music most frequently through the site . Strangely , the report does n't address teens ' listening habits on music-streaming sites such as Pandora , Spotify or Grooveshark . "  The accessibility of music has seen tremendous expansion and diversification , " said David Bakula , a Nielsen senior vice president . "  While younger listeners opt for technologically advanced methods , traditional methods of discovery like radio and word-of-mouth continue to be strong drivers . " The study also shows the changing landscape of music sales . Just over one in three teens  36 percent  said they 'd bought a CD in the past year , while more than half  51 percent  said they 'd paid to download at least one song . The report came from an online survey of 3,000 people in the United States . Among all respondents , finding new music still relies upon a mix of new media and more traditional means . In addition to the 48 percent who favor radio , 10 percent said they rely on friends or relatives for suggestions . But more than half  54 percent  said those personal recommendations make them more likely to make a purchase . YouTube , which is owned by Google , claims more than 800 million unique visitors every month . More than 3 billion hours of videos are viewed each month and 72 hours worth of video are uploaded every minute , according to the site . Streaming debate strikes chord with music fans Anontune : the new social music platform from ` Anonymous '	YouTube is now most popular way teens listen to music 64 percent of teens say they listen to music through the site Nielsen survey found radio is still most popular among all adults About 1 in 3 teens bought a CD last year ; more than half downloaded
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of tourists , scientists and amateur astronomers gathered Wednesday along Australia 's northern tip to witness a rare total solar eclipse . For just two eerie minutes in the early hours of the morning local time , the country - known for its blistering sunshine - was plunged into a chilly darkness . Onlookers gathered at vantage points on beaches , in boats and even hot air balloons to catch a glimpse of the celestial light show which , according to NASA , is unlikely to be seen again in the same region for another 360 years . Submit your solar eclipse photos A solar eclipse happens when the moon , as it orbits Earth , passes directly in front of the sun , obscuring its rays and casting a shadow on Earth 's surface . Sometimes referred to as a "  happy accident of nature , " a total solar eclipse occurs when the moon is perfectly aligned with both the sun and Earth , so it appears from our perspective that the sun is completely blocked . iReporters were on hand to capture this extraordinary astronomical moment for CNN , sending in images from across the region -- from Australia , New Zealand and even from a cruise ship hundreds of miles off the Australian coast . Chad Loel Rademan captured stunning images of the eclipse while on a cruise specifically for keen sky watchers . "  The weather almost killed it -- there were heavy clouds at the start and everyone was very somber and nervous , " he said . "  The ship manoeuvred toward breaks in the clouds and we got lucky -- it emerged from the breaks in time for the eclipse . " Bright spark or dimwit ? Take the solar eclipse quiz Maj Coop from Brisbane , Australia , sent in an unusual image of the eclipse -- as seen through an X-ray of her mother 's hand . "  The neighbors probably thought I was a bit strange holding up this X-ray for a while , but after I while I realized it actually looked quite interesting - like my mother was reaching out to hold the sun in her hand , " she said . The eclipse was not entirely confined to Australia -- in Wellington , New Zealand , iReporter Sam Hill decided that , even though they would not see the eclipse in all its glory , it was still worth capturing . "  I thought it would be cool to take a few photos because I have n't seen an eclipse in my lifetime , " he said . Hundreds of onlookers used popular photo-sharing app Instagram to lend a cinematic , retro feel to their sun shots . Many included the #CNNCelebrates hashtag and sent in their best snaps to iReport . Dave Thompson sent in his image of the eclipse in Pormpuraaw , rural northern Queensland , Australia , via Instagram . He summed up the mood when the big moment finally arrived in one simple word : "  epic " .	A total solar eclipse was visible over Australia 's Northern Territories on November 14 iReporters were on hand to capture this extraordinary astronomical moment Onlookers gathered at vantage points on beaches , in boats and even hot air balloons
Campus Republicans at the University of California Berkeley have cooked up a storm of controversy with their plans for a bake sale . But it 's not your everyday collegiate fundraiser they 've got in mind . They 've developed a sliding scale where the price of the cookie or brownie depends on your gender and the color of your skin . During the sale , scheduled for Tuesday , baked goods will be sold to white men for $ 2.00 , Asian men for $ 1.50 , Latino men for $ 1.00 , black men for $ 0.75 and Native American men for $ 0.25 . All women will get $ 0.25 off those prices . "  The pricing structure is there to bring attention , to cause people to get a little upset , " Campus Republican President Shawn Lewis , who planned the event , told CNN-affiliate KGO . "  But it 's really there to cause people to think more critically about what this kind of policy would do in university admissions . " Lewis says it 's a way to make a statement about pending legislation that would let the California universities consider race or national origin during the admission process . But the young Republicans have been on the receiving end of a fierce backlash . Reaction has been so negative they 've been forced to cancel their customary lunchtime tabling duties , according to KGO . Lewis told CNN 's Don Lemon that they expected a certain amount of opposition but not the level of outrage they experienced . "  We did n't expect the volume , the amount of response that we got , " Lewis said . "  In the first few hours , hundreds of posts on our Facebook page . And the tone of some of the responses -- we expected people to be upset . We did n't expect personal threats to be made . They were implicit and explicit threats made to the organizers of the event , from burning down the table to throwing our baked goods at us and other kinds of physical threats . " Tim Wise , author of the book "  White Like Me : Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son , " calls the bake sale a "  sarcastic and rather smarmy slap at people of color . " "  There are a lot of ways to make a point about your disagreement with affirmative action , " Wise told Lemon Saturday night . "  I get the joke , " he continued . "  How very original . It 's been done for 15 years . The point that I think needs to be made ... is that by the time anyone steps on a college campus ... there has already been 12 - to 13-years of institutionalized affirmative action for white folks , that is to say , racially embedded inequality , which has benefited those of us who are white . And it 's only at the point of college admissions that these folks seem to get concerned with color consciousness . " Lewis insists , however , that Campus Republicans will go ahead with their bake sale and are committed to their controversial pricing structure .	UC Berkeley Campus Republicans plan to charge for baked goods according to race Lewis : Sale makes a statement about pending California legislation Wise : Sale is a "  sarcastic and rather smarmy slap at people of color "
CNN  -- When "  Orange is the New Black " writer Lauren Morelli started working on the series , she did n't realize how much it would also script her future . As Morelli wrote in an essay for Mic.com in May , writing for the Netflix hit helped her realize that she was gay -- even though at the time , she was married to a man . When production began on "  OITNB , " Morelli had been wed for five months . "  I realized I was gay in fall 2012 , one of my first days on the set , " Morelli wrote . "  It was n't so much one thing , but the sum of many small details : how uncomfortable I felt around groups of lesbians or how I considered myself ... a ` not very sexual person . ' When considered alone , these seemed like little quirks that made me me . " But on the set of "  OITNB , " where she helped shape the story of main character Piper  Taylor Schilling  and her relationships , "  these small moments came into sharp relief , " Morelli continued . "  I was finally forced to consider a question that had never , ever occurred to me before ... am I gay ? " That answer , she discovered , was yes . Watching a love scene that she 'd written between Piper and Alex  Laura Prepon  unfold in front of the cameras , Morelli said she found her emotions paralleling the show . "  I 'd found a mouthpiece for my own desires , " she wrote in her essay , "  and a glimmer of what my future could look like . " According to TMZ , Morelli and her husband of two years , Steve Basilone , have now amicably split and have jointly filed for divorce . The OITNB writer is also reportedly dating one of the show 's stars , Samira Wiley , the actress who plays Poussey and who sometimes pops up in Morelli 's Instagram feed . "  I went through it all on set : I fell in love with a woman , and I watched my life play out on screen , " Morelli wrote on Mic.com . "  This is my story , which is messy and nuanced and a constantly moving target , but one I 'm grateful for . "	"  Orange Is the New Black " writer determined her sexuality while working on the show She 's now in the process of divorcing her husband According to reports , the writer is now dating one of "  OITNB 's " stars
CNN  More than 22 months ago , the body of Odin Lloyd was found in an industrial park in North Attleboro , Massachusetts . Lloyd had been shot seven times near a pile of construction waste . The semipro football player for the Boston Bandits was 27 . Days after he was found dead , then-NFL star Aaron Hernandez was arrested and charged with murder . Testimony in the case against Hernandez began in January . On Wednesday , a Fall River , Massachusetts , jury -- after deliberating 35 hours over the course of seven days -- found the former New England patriots tight end guilty of first-degree murder , which carries a penalty of life without parole , as well as unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition . Hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide . He has pleaded not guilty . Just two years ago , he was one of the NFL 's most promising tight ends , inking a $ 40-million contract extension with the New England Patriots . Friends and fans alike wondered : How could the star player who had more than 900 receiving yards in 2011 now be on trial for murder ? Long before Hernandez made national headlines , he was a standout athlete in Bristol , Connecticut , who came from a family described as a local sports dynasty . "  I do n't think there was another family that was more familiar in Bristol , " Bob Montgomery , who covers high school sports for the Bristol Press , told CNN . The young Hernandez was the "  golden boy , " playing football , basketball and running track , following in the footsteps of his uncle , older brother and father -- all well-known athletes in the community . Hernandez 's father constantly pushed his son , requiring him to practice for hours before he could go out with friends . "  I saw a closeness with them that I 'd never seen before , " Montgomery said of the relationship between Hernandez and his father . But his father , the man who kept the 16-year-old anchored , died from complications after a routine surgery . Hernandez left high school halfway through his senior year in January 2007 to join the University of Florida Gators , and trouble seemed to follow . In just his first semester , a police report says , Hernandez got into a fight at an off-campus restaurant , sucker-punching the manager and rupturing his eardrum . The following fall , there was a shooting near a local club . Police reports linked Hernandez and several other University of Florida football players to an argument in the parking lot . Hernandez was one of more than 20 people interviewed by police , and he was the only one who did not make a statement after invoking his right to counsel . At the time , Hernandez 's mother told the Orlando Sentinel newspaper , "  I know he was at the club , but he never saw any shooting . " The case remains open , and no one has been charged . Hernandez was also suspended at least once for marijuana , an issue that would follow him as he entered the draft his junior year . Trying to put the alleged drug use behind him , Hernandez wrote a letter to the Patriots director of personnel . "  If you draft me as a member of the New England Patriots , I will willfully submit to a biweekly drug test throughout my rookie season . ... In addition , I will tie any guaranteed portion of my 2010 compensation to these drug tests and reimburse the team a pro-rata amount for any failed drug test , " he wrote , according to the Boston Globe . Before the draft , Hernandez was expected to be a first - or second-round pick . He was passed over until the fourth round , when the Patriots selected him . By the end of his second season , he was a bona fide star , landing the $ 40 million contract extension . Less than a year after signing the deal , however , the Patriots dropped him on the day he was charged with Lloyd 's murder . When Odin Lloyd pulled up in a black Chevrolet suburban , Boston Bandits coach Mike Branch thought something was out of place . Lloyd did n't own a car . Aaron Hernandez case : Who 's who ? Branch had his suspicions , but he could n't get answers . Lloyd was too busy telling his friends about the good time he had at the club the previous night . "  He said he was at the club with Mr. Hernandez , and that they were partying and he had a good time , and that Mr. Hernandez spent a good amount of money , " Branch recalled . Lloyd said Hernandez spent about $ 10,000 that night . Lloyd 's friends say he was n't a big partier . He was more passionate about football and family . Remembering Odin Lloyd Lloyd was dating Shaneah Jenkins , the link between the young man who dreamed of the NFL and the all-American who made it . Jenkins is the younger sister of Shayanna , who 's engaged to Hernandez and is the mother of his little girl . On June 16 , 2013 , Lloyd was riding with friends in the black Suburban , which police later learned was rented by Hernandez . Daryl Hodge was with Lloyd when he said Lloyd got a text from Hernandez , asking to hang out later that night . As they parted ways , Lloyd told Hodge he 'd see him later . The next day , Lloyd 's body was found . Prosecutors say Lloyd was last seen with Hernandez and Hernandez 's two associates , Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace , around 2:30 a.m. in a rented silver Nissan Altima . Surveillance video from security cameras at an industrial park showed an Altima heading toward a secluded area at 3:22 a.m. . At the same time , chilling text messages from Lloyd 's phone were sent to his sister telling her he was with "  Nfl , " adding , "  just so u know . " Between 3:23 and 3:27 a.m. , workers nearby reported hearing gunshots . At 3:29 , a camera showed an Altima pulling into Hernandez 's driveway , about a half a mile from the death scene . Three people got out of the car , and Lloyd was not one of them . Nine days later , Hernandez was arrested and charged with first-degree murder and other weapons-related charges . He pleaded not guilty . In April 2014 , Ortiz and Wallace were also charged in Lloyd 's slaying . They , too , pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors say the three men were to be tried in a joint venture , a legal term that means it 's not necessary to prove who pulled the trigger as long as there is evidence that each defendant actively participated in Lloyd 's murder . As the trial for the death of Lloyd neared , lawyers began arguing about evidence , including cell phones and text messages . Some rulings were victories for the defense . The jury would n't see the text Lloyd sent to his sister , telling her he was with "  Nfl . " The judge ruled it hearsay and said the state had n't proven Lloyd believed his life was in danger . Jurors also did n't hear anything about what happened in Boston on July 16 , 2012 -- the night two men were murdered outside a club where Hernandez had been . The judge agreed with defense lawyers that it 's far too prejudicial and irrelevant to Lloyd 's murder . Investigators allege Hernandez shot and killed Daniel Abreu and Safiro Furtado because one of the men bumped into him on a nightclub dance floor and spilled his drink . District Attorney Patrick Haggan described the scene in a Massachusetts courtroom in May , saying Hernandez became "  angered and increasingly agitated , particularly after Mr. Abreu smiled and did not apologize . " Prosecutors : Bump , spilled drink led to double homicide Hernandez 's friend tried to calm him down , and the pair walked outside and eventually entered a second club across the street , the prosecutor said . Court documents identify that friend as Alexander Bradley , who would go on to accuse Hernandez of shooting him in the eye in an incident that would take place seven months later . After leaving the second nightclub , Hernandez and the friend returned to their SUV and pulled over on a nearby street where Hernandez removed a revolver from the engine block , Haggan said . Hernandez began trailing Abreu , Furtado and three of their friends in his SUV , authorities said . He then pulled up to the victims ' car at a red light and leaned out the driver 's side window with a loaded revolver , Haggan told the court . Hernandez allegedly said , "  Yo , what 's up now , " followed by a racial slur , and fired at least five rounds from a .38 - caliber revolver , Haggan said . Abreu , the driver , was shot several times and fatally hit in the chest . Furtado was sitting in the front passenger seat and suffered multiple gunshot wounds , including one to the head , Haggan said . Hernandez was charged in the double homicide in May , and he pleaded not guilty . Investigators found evidence they believe links him to the 2012 slayings while investigating the death of Lloyd . CNN 's Laura Dolan , Kristi Ramsay and Michelle Rozsa contributed to this report .	A jury has found ex-New England Patriots star guilty of murder Aaron Hernandez also charged with murder in 2012 double homicide ` Golden boy ' had just inked $ 40 million contract when troubles began
CNN  -- Legendary Formula One team Ferrari will celebrate its 800th Grands Prix in Turkey this weekend . The oldest surviving outfit in motorsport 's elite class since starting out in 1948 , the Italian marque will parade special logos on the vehicles of drivers Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa . "  Eight-hundred Formula One Grands Prix represents a milestone in the life of Ferrari , which fills us with satisfaction and pride , " chairman Luca di Montezemolo told the official Formula One Web site . "  I want to share our delight in this achievement with all the drivers who have driven our cars in the world championship , and with our fans . It is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing . " Blog : Is America interested in Formula One ? The 62-year-old has been involved in 359 races since joining Ferrari as sporting director in 1973 . He has seen Ferrari set a record of 15 drivers ' championships , 16 constructors ' titles , 211 race victories , 632 podium finishes , 203 pole positions and 221 fastest race laps . Ferrari also holds the record for most consecutive race wins  14 in 1952-53  and wins in a season for one driver  13 for Michael Schumacher in 2004  . The seven-time world champion German 's 19 consecutive podium finishes in 2001-02 and 24 successive points placings in 2001-03 are also F1 records . Ferrari 's first race victory came in 1951 , the second championship season of Formula One , and its most recent was registered in March this year by Alonso on his team debut in Bahrain . Ferrari lies second behind Red Bull in the teams ' standings going into the seventh race of 2010 in Istanbul as it seeks to bounce back from a disappointing 2009 season that saw Massa sidelined for the second half with a horrific head injury . Two-time world champion Alonso is third in the drivers ' standings behind Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber , with Brazil 's Massa fifth . "  It 's a great pleasure for me to be a small part of these 800 Grands Prix for Ferrari , " said Massa , who is seeking his fourth victory at the circuit amid speculation that he will not be retained by the team next year . "  I will try my best to go to Turkey to fight for the victory , to have also a nice celebration about these 800 Grands Prix . It 's a fantastic feeling to be inside this nice story . " Alonso is looking forward to a long association with Ferrari following his move from Renault . "  Hopefully , I can celebrate a hundred races with Ferrari ! When I joined the team it seemed even better than I had expected , and I think it still has a huge potential in terms of the current car 's performance , given that the facilities in Maranello are maybe the best , " the Spaniard told the Ferrari Web site . "  Also , the atmosphere in the team is very good , like a big family . The staff are not just workers for the team , they are part of its history . "	Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa will line up for Ferrari 's 800th race this weekend Italian team is the longest survivor in Formula One , having been going since 1948 It holds several F1 records , including most driver and team world titles Ferrari 's first race win was in 1951 and its most recent was in March this year
America 's top military officer raised the specter Tuesday of U.S. troops in Iraq taking on a combat role to fight ISIS , a position that was quickly knocked down by the White House . Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told the Senate Armed Services Committee that it was possible that U.S. troops advising and assisting Iraq 's military could be deployed to fight . "  To be clear , if we reach the point where I believe our advisers should accompany Iraqi troops on attacks against specific ISIL targets , I will recommend that to the President , " Dempsey said during testimony before the committee . Dempsey 's comments , which he made several times under questioning by senators , contradicts President Barack Obama 's promise that the campaign to defeat and destroy the terrorist group that calls itself the Islamic State would not include American "  boots on the ground . " U.S. airstrike hits ISIS target near Baghdad , first in ` expanded efforts ' The contradiction quickly raised a question for the White House : How is serving as "  close combat advisers " -- in Dempsey 's words -- not a combat role ? Sen. Jim Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee , pressed Dempsey on the issue at one point in the hearing , asking if pilots dropping bombs in Iraq were part of a combat mission and if the U.S. would rescue any pilots shot down . Dempsey responded "  Yes and yes . " Top U.S. military officer : U.S. ground troops to fight ISIS , if necessary The Obama administration moved quickly to tamp down any suggestion that the United States would deploy combat troops . Even Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , who was seated next to Dempsey at the Senate committee hearing , repeated the President 's promise . White House spokesman Josh Earnest reiterated Obama 's position , telling reporters that U.S. troops -- some 1,600 -- in Iraq were serving in advise-and-assist roles , staffing the joint operation centers and defending the Embassy in Baghdad and the consulate in Irbil . "  What he 's been very specific and precise about is that he will not deploy ground troops in a combat role into Iraq or Syria , " Earnest told reporters . War against ISIS : What does Rand Paul 's ` yes ' mean ? The Pentagon 's spokesman , Rear Adm. John Kirby , characterized Dempsey 's statement as a hypothetical , saying on CNN 's "  Amanpour " that the chairman was speaking about his "  best military advice " should U.S. troops in Iraq need to act in an advise-and-assist role with "  lower level units . " "  If he felt that the strategy as it was being proposed and executed was failing that he would not hesitate to change his advice to the commander in chief about maybe putting advisers in lower level units out there , " Kirby said . "  But he also said that he supports the strategy that we are executing right now , and he also said that he does n't believe we are at that stage right now . " Even so , when pushed during his testimony to expand on his statement , Dempsey told the senators that if the current approach fails , he may recommend the use of ground troops . Borger : Vote on war against ISIS ? Do n't be silly The committee hearing came as the House prepares to vote to give the President authorization to arm and train moderate Syrian rebel groups that have been vetted . A Senate vote on the measure would follow . The Obama administration has , however , ruled out putting U.S. military advisers on the ground in Syria . Early in his testimony , Dempsey also seemed to lay out a new version of the administration 's mission , saying it was to "  destroy " ISIS in Iraq and to "  disrupt " it in Syria . The hearing was interrupted several times by antiwar protesters from the groups Code Pink and Popular Resistance , each of whom chanted and held up signs until they were ejected . "  There is no military solution , " one woman chanted . "  America does not want war . " The latest CNN/ORC poll shows the American public is worried about the threat of ISIS , with 87 % saying they are "  very concerned " or "  somewhat concerned " about the group . About three-quarters of Americans support U.S. airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and in Syria , and 38 % even support putting U.S. ground troops in Iraq or Syria . Agent Storm : Inside al Qaeda for the CIA Yet another beheading . What 's the world going to do about ISIS ?	President Obama "  will not deploy ground troops in a combat role , " spokesman says Gen. Martin Dempsey 's comments to a Senate panel are characterized as a hypothetical Dempsey said he 'd recommend sending military advisers into combat if necessary
CNN  -- Will Michael Jackson stop the world ? Fans have set up impromptu shrines to Michael Jackson , including this one at his family 's house . Thousands are expected to swamp Los Angeles , California , to mourn him Tuesday at the Staples Center , and the accompanying media crush will be enormous . The tribute to the King of Pop at Harlem 's Apollo Theater earlier this week drew coverage from all over the world , along with a public turnout in the thousands . Given the feverish interest in all things Jackson , the Los Angeles memorial could be one of the most-viewed events of all time . "  This will obviously be a huge media event , and with Web streams of the funeral , it may be impossible to say for sure how many people watched once all is said and done , because there 's still no comprehensive way to measure Web viewing , " said Toni Fitzgerald , of Media Life , in an e-mail interview . A handful of events have earned the kind of worldwide coverage to put the world on pause , if only for a moment . The 1963 assassination of John F. Kennedy "  had the nation locked in a trance for two or three days , " recalled TV critic Ed Bark of UncleBarky.com . The world audience for the Apollo 11 moon landing has been estimated in the hundreds of millions . The BBC estimated 2.5 billion people watched the 1997 funeral of Princess Diana . Watch Jermaine Jackson talk about his brother 's legacy " The numbers are easily exaggerated -- nobody knows how many people are watching in groups or in public places -- and the Web has complicated matters further . But in a multichannel , satellite TV , computer-and-cell phone world , the Jackson memorial could have an audience in the hundreds of millions . It was first believed the event would take place at Jackson 's Neverland Ranch . But the family announced Thursday that it will hold a private ceremony Tuesday , and then a massive public memorial service at the Staples Center . Fans had until 6 p.m. Saturday to register for free tickets to the memorial service . Organizers used a computer to choose 8,750 names from 1.6 million who registered since Friday . Watch a tour of Neverland " "  You have to go back to the Beatles , the death of John Lennon perhaps , and the death of Elvis Presley to find a comparable figure in , not just pop music , but pop culture , " said Entertainment Weekly critic-at-large Ken Tucker .  EW , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .  "  And Jackson so self-consciously turned himself into not just an American pop icon but a global pop icon . I think this does have worldwide implications and interest . " See how interest in Jackson 's music has skyrocketed " The circumstances of Jackson 's death have led to comparisons with Presley 's in 1977 , but in terms of coverage , the two ca n't compare . The news was n't even the top story on CBS ' "  Evening News , " Bark recalled , and there certainly was n't wall-to-wall nationwide live coverage of his funeral . A public viewing drew about 30,000 fans ; the funeral , two days after his death , was held in Graceland 's living room . But Bark said there are parallels , at least in terms of coverage , with the Kennedy assassination . "  These days it 's so much harder to get a bulk audience on any given venue the way the -LSB- broadcast networks -RSB- did back then , but still the enormity -LSB- of the event -RSB- -- it 's the syndicated tabloid shows ... and TMZ and all the cable networks devoting lots of attention to it , -LSB- and -RSB- the broadcast networks ca n't seem to do enough specials in prime time , " said Bark . "  I do think it 's comparative but in a very different way . " Officially , the sorts of events that have attracted the largest mass audiences have been scheduled entertainment or sports programs . Sixty percent of America watched the 1983 "  M * A * S * H " finale ; more than half watched the 1980 "  Who Shot J.R. " episode of "  Dallas " and the 1977 "  Roots " conclusion . The Beatles ' first appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " in 1964 drew about 45 percent of the country . The Super Bowl is routinely the year 's most watched program , with audiences north of 80 million -- about 40 percent of U.S. television households . Although interest in Jackson has been high , the number of viewing choices  and , perhaps , the traditional decline in summer viewing  has kept the ratings for individual Jackson-oriented shows down . "  Jackson 's death came up in just about every conversation I had from Thursday to Sunday , and yet only 5 million people tuned in to some of those broadcast specials , " Media Life magazine 's Fitzgerald observed . Still , the public memorial service might be different . "  I expect you 'll see very big tune-ins on the cable news networks and on BET , if they cover it ; they had huge numbers for their BET Awards focused on Jackson over the weekend , " Fitzgerald said . The BET Awards was watched by 10.7 million , the most ever for a cable awards show . "  With the celebrity factor thrown into the funeral , who 'll be there , who 'll talk , I would guess tens of millions in the U.S. will watch it on TV , " she said . It is certain is that the news media will be there in force . "  I guess we 're all going to wait and see what the spectacle is , " Bark said . "  There may be no precedent for this . "	Public memorial Tuesday could be one of the most-viewed events of all time It could have a television and online audience in the hundreds of millions Jackson 's death has led to comparisons with Elvis Presley 's death Others see parallels , at least in terms of coverage , with the Kennedy assassination
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Lawyers for O.J. Simpson have filed a motion for a new trial , saying he was denied a fair hearing when two African-Americans were dismissed from the potential jury pool . O.J. Simpson , convicted of robbery and kidnapping last week , could be sentenced to life in prison on December 5 . An all white jury found Simpson guilty on October 3 on 12 counts related to a September 13 , 2007 , robbery involving sports memorabilia at a Las Vegas hotel . The 61-year-old former football star could get life in prison . Sentencing is scheduled for December 5 in Las Vegas . Jury members said at the time of his conviction on robbery and other charges that they relied mostly on audio and video evidence and very little on testimony from witnesses . "  We honestly felt we could not rely on that witness testimony , " said Michelle R. Lyons , one of seven jurors who spoke to reporters in Las Vegas after the verdict . "  There was not one decision we made that was based only on witness testimony . " Jury foreman Paul Connelly said some of the prosecution 's witnesses did n't seem trustworthy . At least three former Simpson co-defendants who cut deals to testify in the case had criminal records . Asked whether the jury trusted the witnesses , Connelly answered : "  Not entirely , no . " Watch jurors explain their verdict " Prosecutors produced an audiotape of a confrontation in which authorities said Simpson and five men burst into a Las Vegas hotel room . The men allegedly made off with pillowcases containing Simpson sports memorabilia . Several jurors said audiotapes of the incident and conversations between Simpson and others that were recorded surreptitiously before , during and after the heist proved the prosecution 's case . "  It would have been a weak case " without the tapes , juror Dora Pettit said . The jury of nine women and three men found Simpson and co-defendant Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart guilty of 12 charges , including conspiracy to commit a crime , robbery , assault and kidnapping with a deadly weapon . Simpson 's lawyer had indicated he planned to appeal the conviction , partly because some of the jurors had indicated during jury selection that they disagreed with a 1995 verdict in which Simpson was acquitted of killing his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ronald Goldman . Watch Fred Goldman hail the verdict " Teresa Owens , one of the jurors in the Simpson robbery case , said any suggestion that the jury found Simpson guilty because of the verdict 13 years ago is "  terrible . " "  There 's reports right now that we 've had some kind of vendetta against Mr. Simpson for ... 13 years ago , " she said . "  That in no way had anything to do with this case whatsoever . " Connelly said the murder trial "  never came up . " "  I do n't think it was on anybody 's minds . For that , I can say I 'm proud of the jury , " he said . Before the robbery and kidnapping trial , the jurors promised they could disregard Simpson 's past and solely consider the evidence against him and Stewart , 54 . Owens also said it would be "  preposterous " for anyone to suggest that the makeup of the jury -- 11 jurors were white , and one said she was Hispanic , while Simpson is black -- hurt the defense 's chances . "  They chose us . Five hundred people ... filled out these questionnaires , " Owens said . "  They had the -LSB- opportunity -RSB- to pass us . " Pettit said the jury has been painted by some "  as an all-white jury that hates O.J. " "  That 's just not true , " she said . "  It could n't be further from the truth . " Asked whether they felt the crime was bad enough to warrant life sentences , Connelly said that was for the court to decide . Pettit said that "  if he walked out tomorrow , I 'd be fine with that . " However , she said Simpson had to be found guilty and that his argument about just wanting to recover his own things did n't work . "  Under Nevada law ... even if you 're recovering your own stuff , you ca n't do it in the manner that they all went in and did it , " Pettit said .	Motion : Simpson did n't get a fair trial because black jurors were dismissed An all-white jury convicted Simpson earlier this month on robbery charges He could get life in prison during his sentencing on December 5
CNN  -- Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz has set off a political firestorm in Pakistan with his claims that he was brokering an offer from Pakistan 's civilian leaders to the Pentagon to unseat the leadership of the Pakistani military . Those accusations forced the resignation on Tuesday of Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , who Ijaz says orchestrated this proposal , which was delivered in a unsigned memo in May to Adm. Mike Mullen , then-U.S. chairman of the Joint Chiefs . Pakistan is a nuclear-armed state that is home to a number of Taliban groups that attack U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan and also is home to what remains of al Qaeda 's "  core " organization . Haqqani helped smooth over many tense moments in the important U.S.-Pakistan relationship , including the shooting in January of two Pakistanis by CIA contractor Raymond Davis and the Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad in northern Pakistan in May . Ijaz has said that the offer to get rid of the leadership of the Pakistani Army was sanctioned by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari . The story is an explosive one in Pakistan , where relations between the civilian government and the military leadership are often tense and the United States is deeply unpopular . Writing in the Financial Times on October 10 , Ijaz explained that , "  The embarrassment of bin Laden being found on Pakistani soil had humiliated Mr. Zardari 's weak civilian government to such an extent that the president feared a military takeover was imminent . He needed an American fist on his army chief 's desk to end any misguided notions of a coup -- and fast . " Haqqani denies being involved in any such scheme , and Mullen says that while he did receive a memo that made this kind of offer -- delivered to him by Obama 's former National Security Adviser James L. Jones -- he ignored it because it just did n't seem credible . According to Ijaz , Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , Pakistan 's powerful military intelligence chief , recently traveled to London to meet with him , where he "  forensically tested " Ijaz 's evidence , which consists of Blackberry messages between Ijaz and Haqqani . While the affair has already brought down Haqqani , a longtime critic of Pakistan 's military establishment and a well-known figure in diplomatic and national security circles in Washington , it could also damage the country 's civilian government . Haqqani 's wife , Farah Ispahani , is President Zardari 's spokeswoman and a prominent member of the governing Pakistan People 's Party . The man at the center of it all Who is Mansoor Ijaz , the Pakistani-American businessman at the center of this twisted tale ? Born to a family of Pakistani immigrants in Tallahassee , Florida , Ijaz grew up in rural Virginia , the son of two college teachers . After getting an undergraduate degree in nuclear physics from the University of Virginia and an MA in engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , in the early 1990s Ijaz founded Crescent Investment Management , a New York investment firm . Crescent was politically well-connected . Ijaz 's partner in the firm was retired Air Force Lt. General James Alan Abrahamson , who played an instrumental role in President Ronald Reagan 's Strategic Defense Initiative  "  Star Wars "  . Another Washington heavyweight , the former CIA director R. James Woolsey , was chairman of the board of Ijaz 's publicly listed company , Crescent Technology Ventures PLC , based in London . In the mid - '90s , Ijaz gave hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Democratic Party , and hobnobbed with the Clintons at fund raising events . In 2003 , journalist Richard Miniter , in a book titled "  Losing Bin Laden : How Bill Clinton 's Failures Unleashed Global Terror " , relied on Ijaz as the principal source for the key part of his thesis , which concerned the five years Osama bin Laden spent in Sudan in the early and mid - 1990s . Miniter described multiple attempts Ijaz made between August 1996 and 1998 to interest the Clinton administration in improving relations with Sudan , as well as Sudanese offers to hand over intelligence on al Qaeda . In his account to Miniter and in later writings , Ijaz claimed to have helped draft a proposal for Sudan to provide intelligence on al Qaeda to the Clinton administration , and that Sudan had offered to arrest bin Laden . Clinton administration officials did not take Ijaz up on any of his offers to help because they viewed him as "  a Walter Mitty living out a personal fantasy , " according to Miniter . And the 9/11 Commission , which interviewed Ijaz , concluded that were was no "  credible evidence " that the Sudanese had made any offer to hand over bin Laden . In a 2004 interview with Fox News about Iraq , Ijaz , in his then-capacity as a foreign affairs analyst for the network , made another sensational claim : Chemical warheads were being smuggled into Iraq for a potentially catastrophic attack against American troops . And to top it off , Ijaz strongly suggested that the whole plan was given the green light by hardline Iranian mullahs . The story had everything to attract attention -- Mad mullahs ! WMD on the loose in Iraq !  At last !  And the threat of thousands of potential American casualties . Ijaz now concedes , "  This was an erroneous report based on information I had received from a former intelligence official on the ground in Iraq . I did not second source this story . " Ijaz also told CNN , "  I have written over 170 op-ed columns , appeared over 200 times on television and have not once had a word of what I said retracted due to factual errors . "  Ijaz has written one op-ed for CNN.com  . Ijaz told Fox in 2003 that "  eyewitness sources " placed Osama bin Laden and his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri , in Iran . Asked by host Brit Hume about the sourcing of the story , Ijaz responded , "  I can just tell you that the source is unimpeachable . It is from inside Iran . These are eyewitness accounts . " There was , of course , nothing to this story . Ijaz now says , "  At the time I made it , I believed the source who had given the data to me . " Described as a "  U.S. nuclear proliferation and terrorism expert , " Ijaz told the Gulf News newspaper in 2006 that Iran not only had a nuclear bomb , it was seeking to "  duplicate them in large numbers before revealing their existence to the world . " Five years later , Iran still does not have a nuclear weapon , but Ijaz asserted to CNN , "  They had in my view then , and it remains my view now , at least one nuclear weapon stored in component parts . " In August 2003 Ijaz told the British newspaper The Guardian that he had learned that the Bush administration had brokered a deal with Pakistan 's dictator , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , not to capture or kill bin Laden so as not to cause unrest in the Muslim world . Ijaz told The Guardian "  There was a judgment made that it would be more destabilizing in the longer term  if bin Laden were captured or killed  . There would still be the ability to get  bin Laden  at a later date when it was more appropriate . " Ijaz provided no evidence for this claim , and the idea that the Bush administration would do a deal to let bin Laden go free is ludicrous on its face . Ijaz told CNN "  I stand by my comments , taken in full context , throughout that article . " Peeling back the layers of the story Pakistan 's government and Pakistani and American journalists continue to look into story behind "  Memogate . " What is puzzling about all of this -- if the allegations are true that Ambassador Haqqani used Ijaz to propose a deal to remove Pakistan 's military leaders to Mullen -- is : Why would Haqqani use Ijaz to do this ? After all , Haqqani has many formal and informal contacts at the Pentagon , and Ijaz has a history of making sometimes exaggerated or erroneous claims , and his record as an unsuccessful freelance diplomat with Sudan in the 1990s is a matter of public record . Finally , if Haqqani was looking for a discreet back channel to the Pentagon , Ijaz turned out not to be the ideal messenger as he was the person who outed the whole affair in the pages of the Financial Times last month . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen and Andrew Lebovich .	Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. resigns over memo to Adm. Mike Mullen Peter Bergen , Andrew Lebovich : Memo spoke of ousting Pakistan national security team A Pakistani-American businessman disclosed the events in an opinion article Authors : It 's unclear why ambassador would use go-between to make the "  offer "
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has issued a decree authorising a multi-party political system , state media reported Thursday , a day after the U.N. Security Council condemned the Syrian government 's crackdown on protesters . The decree issued by Assad may have the power to bring to an end decades of single-party rule by the Baath Party in Syria , although it remains unclear how the new law will be implemented . The draft law was earlier passed by Syrian lawmakers , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported , and grants citizens the right to establish political parties with the aim of contributing to political life "  through peaceful and democratic means . " However , the Syrian opposition has argued the decrees are simply for show and will not bring about real change . Assad 's move comes as reports of violence continue to prompt international outrage . Security forces killed four people after evening prayers on Wednesday , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said , one in the southwestern town of Nawa , in Daraa province , one in the central city of Palmyra , and two in Damascus . The observatory said communications remained cut off Thursday in the western city of Hama , a center of discontent and bastion of anti-government protest . The group is concerned that many civilians may have died , as the military remains in the city . The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday issued a presidential statement condemning the Syrian government 's crackdown on protesters and calling for an immediate end to violence by all parties . "  The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights and the use of force against civilians by the Syrian authorities , " the eight-paragraph statement says . It calls for "  all sides to act with utmost restraint , and to refrain from reprisals , including attacks against state institutions . " The statement says those responsible for the violence should be held accountable but offers no suggestion that foreign intervention is being considered . "  The Security Council reaffirms its strong commitment to the sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity of Syria , " it says . "  It stresses that the only solution to the current crisis in Syria is through an inclusive and Syrian-led political process , with the aim of effectively addressing the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the population which will allow the full exercise of fundamental freedoms for its entire population , including that of expression and peaceful assembly . " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who is to update the council on the situation in Syria within a week , welcomed the statement . "  The world has watched the deteriorating situation in Syria with the most profound concern , but the events of the past few days have been brutally shocking , " he told reporters . "  Once again , I call on President  Bashar al -  Assad and the Syrian authorities to immediately cease all violence against their people , to fully respect human rights and implement reforms that they have already announced . " He urged Damascus to comply with the Security Council 's demand that international humanitarian organizations be granted unimpeded access to affected areas . "  Those responsible should be held to account , " he said . He praised the 15-nation Security Council for speaking out "  with one voice and condemning all this violence and asking them to take necessary measures " after long discussions on the matter . But Lebanon 's ambassador , Caroline Ziade , said her country , which is Syria 's neighbor , dissociated itself from the statement . However , Lebanon chose not to block the measure , as it could have done . Resolutions usually carry with them some sort of action . Presidential statements are simply unanimous on-the-record positions . Though a resolution would have been more significant than the presidential statement , U.S. diplomats said they were glad the United Nations had taken a stance . U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice called the statement "  long overdue . " She added that she hoped Damascus will "  be chastened by the strength and the unity of the condemnation . " The statement came on the third consecutive day of talks in New York to address the crisis , which a White House spokesman called "  grotesque and appalling . " Witnesses said Wednesday that security forces were brazenly advancing into the heart of Hama . Hama , which has seen massive demonstrations by anti-government protesters in Friday demonstrations , was the site of the 1982 bloody crackdown by the Alawite-dominated government against a Muslim Brotherhood uprising . The city is under siege by security forces amid a military offensive , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , and witnesses say communications have been closed down amid the military push . Rami Abdul-Rahman of the observatory told CNN Thursday that 1,000 families had fled west to surrounding villages and 500 families eastwards , leaving a city where violence has persisted for days . His group monitors the unrest in Syria through many contacts on the ground , and his sources have reported hearing explosions and seeing plumes of smoke . "  There are great concerns of a massacre in the city , " he said Wednesday . "  The human situation is very bad , " said a witness from an opposition movement who said he was in the center of Hama and asked not to be named for security reasons . Corpses were seen on the ground after tanks occupied parts of central Hama amid heavy shelling , said a resident who fled the city . Dozens more people have been killed in Hama and other Syrian cities in recent days , rights groups have said . Residents said the city is running short on food . Power and water are scarce and residents said they fear a humanitarian crisis . Across Hama , intermittent gunfire and shelling rang out , helicopters whirled overhead and government snipers took positions , making it difficult for people to venture out , residents said . Security forces also launched a series of raids and detentions in the Khaldiyeh neighborhood of Homs , another western city , and dozens of people have been detained in the area , the scene of marches by anti-government protesters . Syria 's parliament plans to meet Sunday to discuss "  issues related to the homeland and citizens ' interests , " SANA reported Wednesday . CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria , which has restricted access to the country by international journalists , including CNN 's . Since mid-March , anti-government protesters have taken to the streets across the whole country to demand reforms from or an end to the al-Assad 's regime . The death toll in Syria since its uprising began in mid-March has reached 2,003 , the observatory 's Abdul-Rahman said . The dead include 1,629 civilians and 374 Syrian security forces . The figure does n't include tolls from the Wednesday unrest in the city of Hama , where it is difficult confirming information because of the ongoing military offensive there . Activists blame the deaths of demonstrators on security forces , but the government has consistently attributed the violence to "  armed groups . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Richard Roth , Amir Ahmed , Yasmin Amer , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini , Elise Labott and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	Assad 's decree could mean an end to decades of single-party rule in Syria Four deaths are reported Wednesday in Syria by activists "  The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights " More than 2,000 people have died , an activist group says
CNN  -- The building in Amstetten , eastern Austria , seems innocuous enough . But it is underneath this family home -- now known as "  the house of horror " -- that a woman was held for nearly 24 years by her father and repeatedly raped , giving birth to seven children as a result . The bathroom used by the woman , who was held captive for more than two decades , and her three children . Now the first images have begun to emerge of the series of rooms in which 73-year-old man Josef Fritzl says he imprisoned his daughter , and three of her surviving children , in a basement 50-60 meters square that he converted himself . Police and authorities who have been down into the cellar after Fritzl gave them the electronic combination -- say that the rooms are very low , less than five-and-a-half feet high . The rooms included a sleeping quarters , a kitchen and a bathroom , all of which are said to be "  very dark , narrow and damp , " reports CNN correspondent Fred Pleitgen . Watch a report on details of the case " Elisabeth Fritzl has told officers that conditions were "  dire " and that she and her children had little food and clothing . None had seen the light of day during their entire time in captivity , she told police . One photograph shows the white-tiled walls and floors of the bathroom and some token attempts to introduce some semblance of normality . A small child-like cutout of a yellow snail has been stuck over the sink , while a large plastic elephant sits atop the green bathroom cabinet . Above that , as elsewhere in the bathroom , droops a small plastic plant . Other accoutrements of everyday life litter the scene , including a hot water bottle , a small wooden chair and a towel . What looks like a wooden glass-framed door has been painted red ; through the doorway is the bath itself , crammed in next to a toilet with a green seat . Above the bath is what looks like a large image of a flower , aside other decorations that appear to have been put on the walls . But the overwhelming sense from the images is one of grimness . The only evident light in this windowless room comes from the small bulb set into the bathroom cabinet ; despite the whiteness of the walls , floor and bathroom fittings , it is a room that can not hide its oppression as one of the few rooms that the three children , if reports are correct , have ever known . Other pictures convey the grimness of the dungeon still further . A narrow corridor , just over the width of a floor tile , leads down from what seems to be a kitchen area to sleeping quarters . A table in the foreground appear to have a cloth over it ; a dressing gown hangs from the hook . But the spartan conditions and cramped conditions can not belie the rooms ' true purpose . A third image shows a corner of the dungeon with a wooden wall and construction materials piled up in a heap . A set of tiles has been fixed to the wall in what seem to be two sides of a doorway , blocked by what looks like a white rectangular board . Police at a press conference Monday said that this image showed the exit from the dungeon , controlled on the other side by an electronic keyless lock . E-mail to a friend	Austrian father confesses he held daughter prisoner for nearly 24 years First images emerge of the cellar dungeon in which she , three children held The rooms include a sleeping quarters , a kitchen and a bathroom Police are still trying to understand the purpose of all the rooms in the cellar
