CNN  -- The University of Florida 's health system is reviewing the application of a heart surgeon from Kentucky who came under scrutiny after a CNN investigation into the deaths of babies in his care . Dr. Mark Plunkett was the chief heart surgeon at Kentucky Children 's Hospital before he resigned to take a position with University of Florida Health . When CNN contacted an official from the University of Florida last month , he said he was excited to have Plunkett come work there . "  We think he 'll do excellent in our environment , " said Dr. Timothy Flynn , senior associate dean for clinical affairs at the University of Florida College of Medicine . "  We had extensive discussions with his colleagues in Kentucky , all of whom thought he performed very , very well . " But after CNN published its story , UF Health spokeswoman Melanie Ross said his application is still being considered . "  Our review of Dr. Plunkett 's application is ongoing as we continue to follow our standard processes , " Flynn told the Gainesville Sun newspaper . "  His hiring is contingent in part on his obtaining a Florida medical license and completing our credentialing process , which has not yet occurred . " Kentucky Children 's Hospital stopped doing heart surgeries last October . Parents react to story Dr. Michael Karpf , executive vice president for health affairs at the University of Kentucky 's health care system , which includes Children 's Hospital , said he put the program on hold because the mortality rates were n't what he wanted to them to be . After fighting requests to release its pediatric heart surgery outcomes , citing patient privacy , the hospital on Friday provided some figures . They show the overall mortality rate between 2008 and 2012 ranged from 4.5 % to 7.1 % , which the hospital said is comparable to those of programs of similar size . CNN has asked Kentucky Children 's Hospital for more details . CNN contacted four families whose babies had surgeries with Plunkett during an eight-week period last year . Two died , and the two children who survived had additional surgeries elsewhere . The parents voiced their frustration that the University of Kentucky is not releasing more information about why the surgeries stopped or why Plunkett left . The University of Kentucky is conducting an internal review of the events at Children 's Hospital last year . The hospital plans to hire a new surgeon and reopen the program at some point . Karpf told CNN that when the program opens again , it will be first class : "  I wo n't be satisfied until our program is as good as anybody 's program , " he said . CNN attempted to contact Plunkett by e-mail Friday but has not received a response . CNN 's Jennifer Bixler and William Hudson contributed to this report .	NEW : The hospital releases overall mortality rates ; CNN asks for more details Dr. Mark Plunkett was the chief heart surgeon at Kentucky Children 's Hospital He resigned to take a position with University of Florida Health UF says it 's reviewing his application after a CNN investigation was published
CNN  Serena Williams needed a coffee to go with her "  bagel " in order to help United States see off Italy 3-0 at the Hopman Cup Monday . Williams , who was representing her nation in Perth alongside John Isner , began proceedings with a victory over Flavia Pennetta . The World No. 1 , however , was not her usual self in the opening stages as she lost the first set of the match to love -- a "  bagel " -- leading her to request an espresso to help blow away the cobwebs . The hot drink seemed to do the trick , as Williams went on to dominate Pennetta , dropping just three more games and going on to win 0-6 6-3 6-0 . The 33-year-old finished up with five aces and 31 winners to help make up for the 38 unforced errors in her first match of the new season . "  I wanted coffee with my bagel and whatever coffee it was , it was really good , " Williams said in an on-court interview afterwards . "  I 'm so jet lagged and Flavia played really , really well . And yeah , everyone needs coffee every now and then . I needed coffee to get my feet moving . " Williams had asked a ball girl to get her the espresso , though she was unsure as to whether she would even be allowed to drink it . "  I just asked them to get me a shot of espresso . I asked them if it was legal , because I 've never done it before , " she added to reporters . "  I am a coffee drinker . I did n't have mine this morning and I was just feeling it , so I just had to get some coffee into me . " After Williams had set U.S. on their way , Isner secured the win over Italy by defeating Fabio Fognini 7-5 5-7 7-6  7-4  . The World No. 18 needed his big serve to help see him through , with the 29-year-old serving 18 aces and just one double fault , while he also hit 47 winners on route to victory . Williams and Isner then joined forces in the mixed doubles to complete the whitewash by defeating Pennetta and Fognini 6-2 2-6 11-9 . United States next take on Canada in Group A Tuesday , with Eugenie Bouchard and Vasek Pospisil looking to recover from their 2-1 loss to Czech Republic Sunday .	Serena Williams beats Flavia Pennetta 0-6 6-3 6-0 in Hopman Cup Williams needed a coffee to help her after "  bagelling " first set John Isner defeats Fabio Fognini to help U.S. beat Italy
CNN  -- Nine-year-old Mahmood Ahmed was playing near his home in Zintan , western Libya , when he found a green object he had never seen before . He wanted to know what was inside , so took it into his backyard and began hitting it with a stone . The object was a bullet from an anti-aircraft machine gun and it exploded , taking off his left hand . He is now getting used to life with a plastic hand . Mahmood is one of the accidental child victims of the war that toppled Colonel Moammar Gadhafi in August and he is far from alone . The International charity Mines Advisory Group  MAG  , which highlighted his case , has recorded 90 casualties -- mostly children -- from similar accidents involving mines and unexploded ordinance left over from the war in the region of Zintan and Misrata alone this year . The organization also recorded 45 casualties in Libya 's Western Mountains and is still trying to gather data from accidents in the rest of the country . Among the statistics were several members of the same family in Ajdabiya in June . Three-year-old Shada Yonis brought a hand grenade into the living room and pulled out the pin . Her father , Yonis Sala , who tried to shield his children , was killed , as was Shada , and five-year-old Shema . Her mother , eight-year-old brother Sulah and two other children were seriously injured . Two children were killed on Saturday , December 10 , in Sirte when a device exploded as people were compiling a museum of weaponry from the war , MAG said . As well as gaining information on contaminated areas and clearing them , MAG is trying to educate communities on the dangers . Libyans find voice in new era of press freedom Louise Skilling , the group 's regional community liaison manager , said : "  There is a lot of contamination in houses and residential areas . "  Accidents are mainly involving children -- particularly teenage boys -- who do n't understand the danger of handling items . "  We are trying to change behavior among young boys and the best way to do that is through their mothers . "  We are working through schools , women 's groups and door-to-door in contaminated areas . " She added : "  The number of accidents has increased since the war ended because people who were displaced are returning to their homes and trying to get their lives back together . "  A lot of accidents are happening in or close to homes as people try to clear the damage . " Other organizations are also working to raise awareness of the weapons that children mistake for toys . Mohamed Khalifa Kanah , a volunteer for the Libyan Red Crescent in Nalut , one of 30 branches of the organization in the country , is visiting schools in the town and surrounding area to educate children on the dangers . He said : "  Children are bringing live ammunition into schools . They are picking up big anti-aircraft guns and playing with them . "  I go into schools and talk to the children about what mines are , what explosive materials are , how to avoid the areas and what to do if you come across them . "  It 's terrible to have to talk about this with children , but the reality is this is common now . Once in a while something happens and a kid is killed or loses an arm or leg . " Kanah has been putting awareness posters provided by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies in hospitals , shopping malls and schools . He also gives out hats and T-shirts carrying the message . The British charity Merlin is working in a hospital in Nalut , a small mountain town home to just 25,000 people in the Nafusa mountains , and has treated a number of children for gunshots and unexploded ordnance since the end of hostilities . Since end of the conflict , two children have died in Nalut and at least five children have sustained serious injuries , according to Kanah and Merlin . Jo Woodrow , a physiotherapist working with injured patients in the hospital , said : "  Most of the people who fought in the war were n't soldiers before , so have little experience storing guns safely . "  They have come back from the war and leave them lying around . Children are curious and that 's how the accidents happen . "  A lot of people are embarrassed so they do n't tell us exactly how the accident has happened . " She added : "  At the moment , I 'm working with a 17-year-old who was shot at point blank range by a sniper rifle that went off by accident . "  He has pins holding his legs together and has nerve damage . He wo n't be walking for a long time . " Woodrow said many of the victims had to leave Libya for treatment because of a shortage of rehabilitation facilities in the country .	Many Libyan children have been killed or injured in accidents involving guns and explosives Mines Advisory Group and Libyan Red Crescent are among NGOs running awareness programs More accidents since people have returned to their homes , says Mines Advisory Group
CNN Student News  -- March is Women 's History Month , a federally recognized , nationwide celebration that encourages all Americans to reflect on the ways in which women have shaped U.S. history . But how did this celebration come to be , and why is it held in March ? "  I long to hear that you have declared an independency , and by the way , in the new code of laws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make , I desire you would remember the ladies ... " Abigail Adams , March 31 , 1776 Almost two hundred years after Abigail Adams made this request to her husband , John , the passage of Title IX of the 1972 Education Amendments meant no person could be denied the benefits of a federally funded educational program or activity on the basis of gender . In 1977 , to help school principals comply with Title IX regulations , an education task force in Sonoma County , California recommended a "  Women 's History Week " celebration for 1978 . The task force believed that school and community events highlighting and celebrating the contributions of American women would help provide a foundation and rationale for Title IX changes . The commission chose the week of March 8 to coincide with International Women 's Day , which had been established in the early 1900s to honor the movement for women 's rights . Within a few years , dozens of California schools were participating in Women 's History Week . In 1979 , representatives from the Sonoma County Women 's History Week group shared their experiences with national leaders of women 's organizations at a Women 's History Institute at Sarah Lawrence College , and word of the Women 's History Week celebrations spread . In March 1980 , President Jimmy Carter issued a message encouraging Americans to recognize and celebrate women 's historic accomplishments during the week of March 8th , Women 's History Week . Later that year , Utah Senator Orrin Hatch and Maryland Representative Barbara Mikulski co-sponsored the first Joint Congressional Resolution declaring a "  National Women 's History Week " for the week of March 8 , 1981 . In 1987 , Congress expanded the week to a month . Since 1992 , every U.S. president has issued a proclamation declaring March to be Women 's History Month . Facts and Figures on U.S. Women Population : As of Oct. 1 , 2008 , there were 155 million females in the United States . That number exceeds the number of males by approximately four million . Earnings : The median annual earnings of women 16 or older who worked year-round , full time in 2007 was $ 34,278 . Women earned 77.5 cents for every $ 1 earned by men . Education : Thirty-three percent of women 25 to 29 attained a bachelor 's degree or higher in 2007 , which exceeded that of men in this age range  26 percent  . Businesses : There were nearly 6.5 million women-owned businesses in 2002 . Women owned 28 percent of all non-farm businesses . Voting : Sixty-five percent of female citizens reported voting in the 2004 presidential election , higher than the 62 percent of their male counterparts who cast a ballot . Jobs : Thirty-eight percent of women 16 or older work in management , professional and related occupations , compared with 32 percent of men . Military : There were 198,400 active duty women in the military , comprising 14 percent of the armed forces , as of September 30 , 2007 . In 1950 , women comprised less than 2 percent . Sports and Recreation : Three million girls participated in high school athletic programs in the 2006-07 school year . In the 1979-80 school year , only 1.75 million girls were members of a high school athletic team . Source : Facts and Figures on Women  U.S. Census	March is Women 's History Month Learn how this celebration come to be , and why it is held in March
At approximately 3,350 meters , it 's Europe 's highest and most active volcano . Living up to its volatile reputation , Mount Etna blew its top again over the weekend . Etna eruptions are relatively frequent -- the past 12 months have seen a string of powerful lava fountains , flows and ash emissions . The result : a landscape that constantly changes as lava hardens , craters collapse and , in some cases , are created . A trip to the top section of Etna is a bizarre experience -- from near the stunning peak it 's easy to understand why the volcano is one of Sicily 's most popular tourist destinations . More : 10 things to know before visiting Sicily It 's tricky to line up a visit when the volcano is spewing fury like an angry goddess  Aitna , or Aetna , was the Greek goddess of the volcano  , so most Etna tourists end up with the saner , sober version . The images in the gallery above are from one such lava-less visit . Yet even on calm days , the Etna landscape is otherworldly -- it only takes a bit of imagination to picture James Tiberius Kirk stumbling about with his tricorder looking for life . Bleak yet stunning With black lava sand , volcanic gravel and rocks that crunch underfoot , the volcano is a world apart from the classic beaches and hilltop Baroque towns that dot Sicily . For hikers who start from the amenity-packed base at 1,800 meters , the scenery varies little . The walk up can be monotonous . Another way up is via a cable car from the base that connects with a 4x4 bus to take visitors to the 2,800-meter mark . A guide meets each vehicle and leads a walk around the area -- this is a good way to see some of Etna 's numerous craters . Total trip time : up and down in two hours , including lots of photo opportunities . For most visitors , it 's the easier , more efficient way to see the volcano . You can get closer to other parts of the volcano by signing on with one of many authorized Etna expedition tour outfits . Cable car , 4x4 and compulsory guide fees cost about $ 57.50  $ 80  per adult . Cable car only is $ 27.50 . At almost three kilometers above sea level it is n't always exactly gelato weather on the mountain . Layered clothing is a smart idea . The volcano turns into a no-frills ski resort that operates December to February , depending on snowfall . Getting to Etna In peak summer months , Etna traffic gets busy . The easiest way to get the mountain is via public bus from Nicolosi or other nearby towns . In less hectic periods , driving is ideal . The windy road on the south part of the peak that crisscrosses old lava flows is a nice teaser for the scenery to come . Comprehensive driving directions can be found on the Etna administrative headquarters website . Maps , expedition operators and more details can also be found at the Etna administrative headquarters . Mount Etna is open daily , all year  when not erupting in a life-threatening way  , 9 a.m.-5 :30 p.m.  last cable car  ; in winter to 3:30 p.m.	Mount Etna is open to tourists every day of the year unless authorities deem it too dangerous An ascent that includes a cable car , 4x4 bus and guided walk is the easiest way to explore the volcano The volcano 's peak is actually a series of craters , some more active than others
CNN  -- Brutal winter weather is making dire conditions even more so in parts of the Middle East , especially for thousands of Syrian refugees enduring frigid temperatures in tents . The coldest air of the season was moving in behind a heavy snowstorm that blanketed refugee camps in Turkey and Lebanon . Syria In Syria , residents in cities pummeled by warfare were taking drastic measures to stay alive . A video posted online shows three men and two children burning pages of schoolbooks to stay warm in the besieged city of Rastan . Read more : Scavenging for food , Syrian children witness war "  We ca n't use the heaters inside our residences , " one of the men says . "  No fuel , no wood , no electricity . " Rastan , near the dissident bastion of Homs , has been choked off from basic supplies such as electricity , bread and water . In the Syrian city of Busra , a video shows a man gathering snow in a bucket to save as drinking water . "  We do n't have water , we do n't have heat , " the man says . "  We will try to make the snow into water because they cut off the water long ago . " CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the videos . But they 're the latest reports of how winter storms are pummeling residents across the region . Read more : U.N. 's Syria death toll jumps dramatically to 60,000-plus Snow and heavy rains had fallen over most Syrian cities in the past day , the state-run SANA news agency reported Wednesday . Snow was forecast for Thursday in eastern Syria and over the mountains . Temperatures were running 5 to 10 degrees Celsius  9 to 18 degrees Fahrenheit  below average for this time of year across Syria , Lebanon , Jordan and Israel , CNN forecaster Brandon Miller said . So far this winter , the region had seen above-average temperatures , he said . Winds have been strong , in some cases blowing more than 70 kph  43 mph  , which makes the wind chill much colder than the air temperature . But in one ray of hope for those shivering in tents , Wednesday and Thursday are expected to be the coldest days before the weather clears up and temperatures rebound by the end of the week . The world in 2013 : What 's next ? West Bank More than 500 Palestinians have been injured and more than 400 homes submerged by floodwater this week from a storm that struck the West Bank area , Palestinian media reported . The flooding claimed the lives of two women who were in a taxi that was swept away , a Palestinian medical official told CNN . "  All of a sudden , floods started carrying the vehicle and sweeping it in the  path  of the fast-moving floods over in a valley , " Dr. Ghassan Hamdan said . The Command of National Security Forces announced Wednesday evening a state of emergency , the Palestinian news and information agency WAFA reported . Civil defense forces were searching for a man from the Tulkarm area village of Attil who had been seen leaving his stranded car on Tuesday , WAFA said . The rains damaged dozens of homes and property throughout the West Bank . More than 530 people were rescued in Salfit province , WAFA said . The Palestine Weather Service attributed the cold to a polar air mass accompanied by thunderstorms and hail that hit the area . Jordan At a Syrian refugee camp in Amman , Jordan , temperatures plunged early Wednesday to 4 degrees Celsius  39 degrees Fahrenheit  with fierce winds . Torrential rain and increasing snowfall paralyzed much of the country , and most government and public offices in Jordan closed Wednesday and were to remain closed Thursday , the state-run Petra news agency said . In the next three days , temperatures in Amman will drop below freezing , Petra said , citing the Jordan Meteorological Department . Amman has received 101 millimeters  4 inches  of rain over the past three days , whereas the January average for the entire month is only 63 millimeters  about 2 1/2 inches  , Miller said . The city gets snow about once a year , on average . On Tuesday and Wednesday , the kingdom saw 757 traffic collisions , Petra reported , citing the directorate of general security . Refugees in Lebanon facing bitter winter Turkey Heavy snow paralyzed Istanbul , the semi-official Turkish news Anadolu Agency reported . Turkish Airlines canceled 39 flights into and out of Istanbul . Lebanon The state-run National News Agency reported Wednesday that the Civil Defense was retrieving 25 Bedouin families whose tents were flooded . Heavy flooding on Wednesday cut the coastal highway of Nahr el Kaleb . Read more : Syrian refugees in Lebanon facing bitter winter But the Civil Aviation Directorate predicted the storm would subside by Thursday morning . Elsewhere in the country , the army evacuated residents trapped by torrential snowfall , according to news agency . ` Miserable ' conditions for Syrian refugee children The weather is not easing life for those who have fled Syria , the United Nations children 's agency said . "  The cold is making life increasingly miserable " at the Zaatari camp in Jordan , UNICEF said last week . It cited health problems such as diarrhea and dehydration , a lack of hot water for bathing and a need for winter clothes , blankets and better food . More than 540,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan , Iraq , Lebanon , Turkey and Egypt , the United Nations said . About half the refugees are children . Read more : Syrian children struggle in refugee camps as winter tightens CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Kareem Khadder and Tom Sater contributed to this report .	Temperatures are below the regional average for this time of year U.N. agency : Syrian refugee children face miserable conditions , need winter clothes Heavy snow has paralyzed Istanbul , with 39 Turkish Airlines flights canceled
CNN  -- Richard Turere , 13 , does n't like lions . In fact , he hates them . Yet this bright Maasai boy has devised an innovative solution that 's helping the survival of these magnificent beasts -- by keeping them away from humans . Living on the edge of Nairobi National Park , in Kenya , Turere first became responsible for herding and safeguarding his family 's cattle when he was just nine . But often , his valuable livestock would be raided by the lions roaming the park 's sweet savannah grasses , leaving him to count the losses . "  I grew up hating lions very much , " says Turere , who is from Kitengela , just south of the capital Nairobi . "  They used to come at night and feed on our cattle when we were sleeping . " Read this : Boy 's website tracks big beasts So , at the age of 11 , Turere decided it was time to find a way of protecting his family 's cows , goats and sheep from falling prey to hungry lions . His light bulb moment came with one small observation . "  One day , when I was walking around , " he says , "  I discovered that the lions were scared of the moving light . " Turere realized that lions were afraid of venturing near the farm 's stockade when someone was walking around with a flashlight . He put his young mind to work and a few weeks later he 'd come up with an innovative , simple and low-cost system to scare the predators away . He fitted a series of flashing LED bulbs onto poles around the livestock enclosure , facing outward . The lights were wired to a box with switches and to an old car battery powered by a solar panel . They were designed to flicker on and off intermittently , thus tricking the lions into believing that someone was moving around carrying a flashlight . And it worked . Since Turere rigged up his "  Lion Lights , " his family has not lost any livestock to the wild beasts , to the great delight of his father and astonishment of his neighbors . Read this : Teaching lions and humans to get along What 's even more impressive is that Turere devised and installed the whole system by himself , without ever receiving any training in electronics or engineering . The 13-year-old 's remarkable ingenuity has been recognized with an invitation to the TED 2013 conference , being held this week in California , where he 'll share the stage with some of the world 's greatest thinkers , innovators and scientists . "  I did it myself , no one taught me , I just came up with it , " says Turere . "  I had to look after my dad 's cows and make sure that they were safe . " Human-wildlife conflict Nairobi is the world 's only capital with a national park , where wild lions , rhinos and other beasts roam free against the urban backdrop of skyscrapers rising from the nearby bustling city center . Each year , thousands of camera-toting tourists visit the park -- which is fenced along its northern boundary but open in the south -- hoping to catch a glimpse of the lions inhabiting its rolling plains and valleys . Read this : Orphaned girl starts university at 14 But for the pastoralists and Maasai tribes around the park , a lion sighting is usually bad news ; valuable livestock are often lost to lions looking for easy prey , prompting rural communities to take matters into their own hands . In some cases they 've killed whole prides that they perceived as threat , or as retaliation for lost livestock . The use of pesticides such as Furadan -- a tablespoon of which costs less than a dollar and is enough to kill a lion -- has become a particularly ruthless way of doing so . The rising human-wildlife conflict , coupled with a fast-growing urban encroachment , means that Kenya is now home to less than 2,000 lions , a massive drop compared to the 15,000 that lived there just a decade ago . Large sums have been spent in recent years by officials in a bid to protect the lions and strengthen Kenya 's tourism industry . Yet conservationists say that many of these top-down initiatives fail to gain traction with local populations . And this is why inventions like Turere 's -- home grown , simple , affordable and effective -- can make a big difference . Indeed , several neighbors of the Turere family in Kitengela have sought Turere 's help , asking him to install the system in their enclosures . In total , around 75 "  Lion Light " systems have so far been rigged up around Kenya . "  This is a solution that was invented by somebody in the community , " explains Paula Kahumbu , executive director of the Kenya Land Conservation Trust and chairman of the Friends of Nairobi National Park . "  Therefore the support for it is very high . " Bright ideas , bright future Kahumbu and her colleagues first came across Turere 's innovation some two years ago in the course of their fieldwork . Stunned by the boy 's achievements , they helped him get a scholarship at Brookhouse International School , one of Kenya 's top educational institutions , where he started last April . "  Richard is quite an extraordinary boy , " says Kahumbu . She describes him as a "  very smart , curious and surprisingly confident -LSB- boy -RSB- for his age and background , " who 's integrated smoothly among his new classmates , most of whom are from wealthy families . "  One thing that 's unique about Richard is that if you give him a problem , he 'll keep working at it until he can fix it , " she adds . "  He does n't give up ; he does n't find things too difficult ; he 's not afraid of being unable to do something and I think this is why he is such a good innovator -- because he 's not worried that it might not work , he 's going to try and do it anyway . " Turere says his dream is to work in aviation when he grows up . "  Three years ago when I was in the savannah herding my father 's cattle I used to see the planes flying over and landing at the airport and I was like , one day I 'll be a pilot and an aircraft engineer , " he says . For this remarkable boy , it 's clear that the sky is the limit .	Richard Turere , 13 , has found an innovative way to protect his family 's cattle from lions He created "  Lion Lights , " which keeps the predators away from the family 's enclosure The Kenyan boy will speak about his invention at the TED 2013 conference
CNN  -- I stood up and began talking on the floor of the Texas State Senate not long ago because I hoped the Republicans in power would listen to how their latest cruel health care proposal would hurt the women of Texas . Simply put , this bill would take away access to the most fundamental form of health care women need . It would close down almost 90 % of the women 's clinics in this state . This comes after more than 50 women 's health clinics providing cancer screening and family planning services were closed because the Republicans withdrew state-financed support from them . We now have 42 . Under this draconian proposal , a state as expansive as Texas would have only five clinics remaining to serve thousands and thousands of women . Real Texans do n't want any woman to die of cancer because she ca n't get decent health care or medical advice . Real Texans do n't want any woman to lose control of her life because she ca n't get birth control . During the filibuster , women around the state related thousands of personal stories to me : One young woman said contraceptives gave her a chance to choose motherhood when she was ready . Women were helped by a clinic with the difficult and highly personal decision to end a pregnancy . Another woman said a clinic had helped comfort her when a much-wanted baby was dying inside her . The "  people 's filibuster " that put a temporary stop on the misguided bill that powerful Republicans are still intent on ramming through will long be remembered as the moment when regular Texans -- real Texans -- stood up and said "  enough " to the self-interested politicians who have run our state for too long . Enough to using Texas as a political laboratory for testing far-right ideas . Enough to using Texas as a workshop for fattening the wallets of their special interest friends and supporters . And enough of politicians listening only to each other , rather than real Texans . There are important issues that desperately need the attention of the politicians who are -- at least for now -- in charge of our state . Sadly , Gov. Rick Perry and his powerful allies do n't seem interested . They do n't identify with the strong Texans who live in the town of West , where an unregulated , unmonitored fertilizer plant blew up , taking lives and destroying livelihoods . Because of a lack of state oversight , the small volunteer fire department that rushed to help did n't know the degree of danger they were facing . They paid with their lives . Real Texans believe in looking out for each other . We believe in honoring our mothers and fathers and keeping our smallest residents -- our children -- healthy . The politicians in charge of Texas now clearly do n't . Perry has refused to even consider expanding health care coverage in Texas because he cares more about scoring political points than he does about our Texas families . Real Texans help when their neighbor is in need . Texas Republican political leaders take perverse pride in how deeply they have cut our state 's education budget . Thousands of teachers have been pulled from classrooms , schools have closed and valuable programs have been canceled . In many places , districts are forced to choose between prekindergarten programs and English , algebra and art . Real Texans want their kids to have the best education possible , not the one politicians looking to brag about budget cuts have left us with . My first filibuster , two years ago , was an attempt to protect our schools and our children from these reckless cuts . Republican leaders rewarded me for my efforts by removing me from the powerful Senate Education Committee . I had to fight unfair Republican redistricting efforts when they tried to make the district I represent disappear . Now , Texas Democratic legislators are fighting hard to pass an equal pay for equal work bill , something that is crucial to the many families that rely on income from dad and mom . But then real Texans have never been afraid of a good fight . That 's what happened at our State Capitol during the filibuster , when real Texans -- ultimately -- decided to make their voices heard . I have a question for Perry and the state 's powerful politicians who have ignored real Texans for so long : Can you hear us now ? And , more important , are you listening ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Davis .	Wendy Davis says her filibuster was to get Republicans to listen to women of Texas Davis : Enough to using Texas as a political laboratory for testing far-right ideas . Davis : Enough to using Texas as a workshop for giving millions to corporations She says state politicians have cut health care , education , reproductive rights to the bone
CNN  -- As many as 20,000 Syrian refugees have flooded Jordan in just the last few days , the nation 's foreign minister and refugee officials said Wednesday , straining resources amid warnings from international aid organizations to prepare for a prolonged humanitarian crisis . A day before , two children died in the Zaatari refugee camp , the largest in Jordan . The deaths sparked a small protest among refugees , whose patience has been tested in recent weeks by heavy rains , flooding and extreme cold in the desert camp about 15 kilometers  9.3 miles  from the Syrian border . Read more : Envoy : 2013 could bring 100,000 deaths in Syria The refugees are fleeing the ongoing violence in Syria , where the United Nations estimates at least 60,000 people have died in 22 months of fighting between government forces and rebels seeking to depose President Bashar al-Assad . As many as 20,000 refugees have arrived in Jordan in just the last three days , the state-run Petra news agency said . Read more : Crisis in Syria : The Refugees Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh described the numbers -- 350,000 Syrian refugees since the conflict began -- as "  staggering . " "  This is obviously a reflection of the level of violence in southern Syria , and there will probably be more in the next few days , " he said . "  We are getting aid -- we are getting aid from Arab countries , from Western countries , from international organizations . It is still not enough , given the numbers that are coming in . " Last week , the International Rescue Committee warned of a "  protracted humanitarian emergency " in Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq , which have absorbed about 600,000 Syrian refugees since the conflict began . Read more : Syrian children struggle in refugee camps as winter tightens its grip While caring for refugees living in camps is an enormous task on its own , the group noted that in Jordan and other countries , a majority of Syrian refugees are living outside of camps -- in cities and towns where social services , schools and even trash and waste systems are ill-equipped to meet the needs of a suddenly inflated population . In Jordan , about 80 % of refugees are trying to make their way in cities and towns , Judeh and the International Rescue Committee said . Read more : Syria 's ` urban refugees ' struggle for survival In many places , the IRC said , the influx of refugees has pushed up rents while pushing down the going rate for day labor and other jobs available to refugees . Education for children is also an issue , the agency said . "  Even if the conflict comes to a swift end , Syria will emerge in ruins -- its social and civic fabric in shreds , its economy and infrastructure devastated and its population scattered throughout the country and region , potentially unable for months if not years to return to their shattered communities and resume normal life , " the ICR warned in its report on Syrian refugees last week . The group called for a "  massive increase in humanitarian assistance " to avoid a catastrophe . U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator Valerie Amos also called on donors to help , saying she hoped a January 30 conference in Kuwait would yield some of the $ 1.5 billion in aid requested by humanitarian groups . That money would help Syrians displaced within their own country and those who have fled to neighboring nations for six months , she said . "  If we do not receive these funds , we will not be able to reach the poorest and most vulnerable families who so desperately need our help , " she said . Read more : Syrian refugees in Turkey : Police are forcing us from homes "  Donors need to step up , recognize the severity of the humanitarian crisis in and around Syria and face the virtual inevitability that this is going to get much worse and last much longer than initially anticipated , " John Holmes , the co-chairman of the IRC 's UK board of directors , said last week . In Zaatari , in Jordan 's northern desert , about 60,000 people have sought refuge from the violence raging in their country . Nearly 3,000 people arrived Wednesday , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said . That brings the total number of refugees arriving in Jordan so far this month to 26,500 -- up 60 % from December . And there 's still another week 's worth of refugees to come , said Aoife McDonnell , a Jordan-based spokeswoman for the UNHCR . Many of the refugees had to abandon their belongings on the trip across the border , in some cases to be able to carry their children through muddy , freezing conditions . "  They 're often arriving freezing , their clothes are wet , " she said . Enterprising Syrian refugees , many of whom arrived with nothing , have set up their own retail avenue amid dusty tents and prefabricated metal shelters , providing a small source of income and -- perhaps more importantly -- something to do to stave off the boredom and discomfort of camp life . Refugees are selling everything from food to clothing and household items donated by Jordanians , she said . Read more : Syrian refugees on run : ' I want people to feel our pain ' Many are living in tents , but Arab nations recently donated 3,000 prefabricated metal shelters called caravans for use by residents . The camp has nine health facilities with 42 doctors treating everything from internal ailments to eye disorders , McDonnell said . And on average , five babies are born each day there , she said . Still , the camp has been the focus of what the International Rescue Committee called "  unending criticism from its occupants . " Refugees have endured harsh cold and flooding that not only made life miserable by swamping tents , but also made it difficult to deliver water and supplies , UNICEF said . McDonnell acknowledged that tensions have sometimes run high in the camp , especially during bad weather . But she said most families are just glad to be out of Syria . "  By the time the refugees arrive to Jordan , I think they 're extremely grateful for the safety , " she said . 146 killed in fighting in Syria ; Patriot system started in Turkey Back in Syria , the opposition group Local Coordination Committees reported that 146 people , including 15 children , were killed Wednesday in fighting . Twelve injured Syrians were taken across the border into Turkey for treatment , but two of them died of their wounds , Turkey 's state-run news agency TRT said . Syria 's Health Ministry said Wednesday will order public hospitals to treat the injured quickly and for free as part of an ongoing health project , according to the state-run news agency SANA . Also in Turkey Wednesday , the installation of the Patriot air defense system began in the southern city of Kahramanmaras , according to the semi-official news agency Anadolu . How Syria 's bloodshed drove a peaceful protester into the battlelines CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Samira Said contributed from Amman , Jordan ; Nick Paton Walsh contributed from Istanbul ; and Michael Pearson wrote and reported from Atlanta .	NEW : 146 killed in fighting in Syria Wednesday , opposition group reports Flow of Syrian refugees fleeing into Jordan up 60 % over last month , officials say The numbers are "  staggering , " Jordan 's foreign minister says Aid group warns of a looming humanitarian crisis
Hugo Chavez is one of the leading leftist figures in Latin America -- and one of the United States ' most vocal critics . His personal history is as colorful as his larger-than-life persona . When first elected in 1998 , Chavez became at age 44 the youngest person in the nation 's history to become president . He 's now 58 . He advances a social agenda seeking to lift people out of poverty , and he is close friends with Cuban leader Fidel Castro . Chavez comes from a military background . He joined the Venezuelan army in 1975 and rose to lieutenant colonel by 1990 . He became involved in a coup attempt against President Carlos Andres Perez and was imprisoned for two years for his role , until 1994 . Upon release , he formed the opposition Fifth Republic Movement , eventually catapulting him to the presidency . He was sworn into office in 1999 and his government created a new constitution that was approved at the end of same year . In 2000 , he was reelected to the presidency for a six-year term under the new constitution . But within two years , he faced major setbacks . An economic crisis ignited violent demonstrations , one of which left 16 protesters and one police officer dead in Caracas in 2002 . Chavez then briefly stepped down from the presidency , but after further unrest from supporters , he was reinstated . He overcame a recall election in 2004 . He weathered a call for his assassination by conservation Christian broadcaster Pat Robertson in 2005 . In 2006 , Chavez rebuked President George W. Bush in a speech at the U.N. General Assembly when the Venezuelan leader stated : "  The devil came here yesterday , and it smells of sulfur still today . " By 2011 , his health took a turn for the worse . Chavez revealed he was receiving treatment for cancer . He went through several rounds of chemotherapy in Cuba in 2011 and this year . In May , speculation intensified over who would succeed Chavez when he named 10 people to the highest circle of presidential advisers . But in July , Chavez announced he was cancer free .	Hugo Chavez was first elected in 1998 at age 44 He 's now 58 and has been battling cancer In July , he announced he was cancer free He was imprisoned for two years in the early 1990s for his role in a coup attempt
CNN  -- David Simon has gotten behind a "  Hero . " According to The Hollywood Reporter , the "  Wire " creator will be co-producing "  Show Me a Hero , " a six-hour miniseries to air on HBO .  HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . The program fits in perfectly with Simon 's concerns about race , class and the political conflicts they spawn . It 's based on a 1999 nonfiction work by Lisa Belkin about a battle over housing in Yonkers , New York , just north of New York City . An effort to add low-income housing to the city 's east side led to a ferocious court case , angry demonstrations , tribal politics and , eventually , a suicide . The book has been compared to J. Anthony Lukas ' classic work about Boston 's busing crisis , "  Common Ground . " "  Show Me a Hero " comes with a sterling pedigree . Besides Simon , Oscar winner Paul Haggis  "  Crash , " "  Million Dollar Baby "  has signed on to direct , and Catherine Keener  "  Capote , " "  Captain Phillips "  and Oscar Isaac  "  Inside Llewyn Davis "  are set to star . Simon will co-write the script with William F. Zorzi . Simon 's most recent series , "  Treme , " wrapped up its run on HBO last December .	David Simon 's new show : "  Show Me a Hero , " a six-hour miniseries Program will be directed by Paul Haggis , star Catherine Keener , Oscar Isaac Work touches on themes of race , class , politics
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Manchester United and Liverpool fans dream of the arrival of superstar players ahead of a new campaign , but it seems the spending power of both Englsih giants could be on the wane . Liverpool co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks took over the club in February 2007 Both Rafa Benitez and Alex Ferguson have bemoaned the extravagance of the transfer market recently , with the United boss even going so far as to suggest he will not make anymore signings despite the transfer window remaining open until August 31 . This despite having recently recouped a world record fee of $ 130m for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo from Old Trafford . So what are the reasons behind the new culture of prudence at the top of the English Premier League ? Well , it seems the cost of refinancing debt could significantly have curbed both clubs ' spending power according to industry experts . Financial prudence will be the watchword for the majority of the English Premier League in the transfer market as clubs look to consolidate their financial position in a move that could see a shift of power in Europe to Spain 's La Liga . It seems the Glazer family owners of United will not sanction anywhere near that amount of previous seasons for new players according to Professor Rogan Taylor at the University of Liverpool 's Football Industry Group . How do you feel about United and Liverpool 's debt situation ? Sound Off below The Americans ' takeover of the Red Devils placed the club in $ 1.1 billion of debt , according to the holding companies ' accounts of 2009 ; a situation that requires careful management . "  The refinancing at Manchester United is structured in a very complex way but ultimately the economic difficulties now mean that there will be a reduction in Alex Ferguson 's transfer budget , " he told CNN . "  Although some of the funds from the Ronaldo transfer will go back into the club 's coffers there will be a tightening of the purse strings which will seriously impact on United 's capacity to go after the top players . "  Certainly , Ferguson would have wanted a top-class replacement for Ronaldo but with the need to keep the debt in order and -- being unable to compete with Real Madrid and Manchester City -- the funds available and the pool of players from which they can sign is a lot smaller . " Liverpool 's situation is even more acute as American co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , through their company Kop Holdings , struggle to secure the finances to fund the club 's proposed new stadium . A deal to refinance their $ 570m Royal Bank of Scotland loan appears to have been secured , but the long-term sustainability of the idea used to purchase Liverpool is serious under question . Professor Taylor added : "  The whole model on which Hicks and Gillett bought Liverpool is flawed and Rafael Benitez may have to sell Javier Mascherano or Xabi Alonso before he can go out and spend during the close season . "  Even then there is no certainty he will get the whole amount from the sale of either of those players back in the transfer kitty so it promises to be a difficult period for Liverpool as obviously expectation has been raised following last season 's second-place finish . "  The need to refinance the debt remains key to the American owners remaining in control of the club so that will be their priority -- at the expense of matters on the pitch . " Jon Keen deputy chairman of the Football Supporters Federation , and an expert in the field of club governance and ownership , admitted the situation at both clubs will stir up further resentment among fans towards their owners . "  The current refinancing situation in the top-flight is like a financial house cards which could come crashing down at any time , " he told CNN . "  We have already seen a situation unravel with the banking system which has angered a lot of people and something similar could well happen with football in the near future . "  Ultimately fans want to see money raised from sales of players either put back into the transfer pot or levied against their own costs of attending matches , not simply servicing huge amounts of debt as is the case with Manchester United and Liverpool at the moment . "  There needs to be a reality check about the way these clubs are operating . Certainly , I think the current economic climate will drastically reduce the spending power of clubs in the Premier League with the exception perhaps of Manchester City . " Of course , this contrasts with Spain 's Real Madrid who have recently splashed almost $ 300m on Ronaldo , Kaka and Karim Benzema -- and are not finished yet if president Florentino Perez is to be believed . The construction magnate and his powerful board are able to wield influence with banks and allow Real to secure credit on favorable terms which , combined with a lucrative domestic television rights deal , puts them in a stronger financial position . Ultimately this appears to have precipitated a shift away from the English Premier League to La Liga for the world 's best players as Spain becomes the preferred destination of choice . Whether Real can convert this into a challenge to the recent English domination of the UEFA Champions League on the pitch remains to be seen .	Refinancing has left Manchester United and Liverpool short of transfer funds An new era of Premier League prudence reigns according to finance experts Real Madrid have spent $ 300 million on Ronaldo , Kaka and Benezma Spanish clubs present serious challenge to English domination in Europe
CNN  -- North Korea stirred up fresh unease in Northeast Asia early Thursday , threatening attacks by a "  smaller , lighter and diversified " nuclear force and warning , "  The moment of explosion is approaching fast . " The new threat came after the North Koreans locked South Korean workers out of a joint factory complex and announced plans to restart a nuclear reactor it shut down five years ago . Meanwhile , the United States announced it was sending ballistic missile defenses to Guam , a Pacific territory that 's home to U.S. naval and air bases . "  The moment of explosion is approaching fast . No one can say a war will break out in Korea or not and whether it will break out today or tomorrow , " North Korea 's state news agency KCNA declared in its latest broadside . "  The responsibility for this grave situation entirely rests with the U.S. administration and military warmongers keen to encroach upon the DPRK 's sovereignty and bring down its dignified social system with brigandish logic . " DPRK is short for Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the official name for North Korea . Most observers say the North is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile . U.S. officials have said they see no unusual military movements across the Demilitarized Zone that splits the Korean Peninsula , despite weeks of bombastic rhetoric from Pyongyang , and many analysts say the increasingly belligerent talk is aimed at cementing the authority of the country 's young leader , Kim Jong Un . But the North does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . And U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Wednesday that the North Korean threats to Guam , Hawaii and the U.S. mainland have to be taken seriously . "  It only takes being wrong once , and I do n't want to be the secretary of defense who was wrong once , " Hagel told an audience at Washington 's National Defense University . But Hagel also said there was still a "  responsible " path for the North to take . "  I hope the North will ratchet this very dangerous rhetoric down , " Hagel said . "  There is a pathway that is responsible for the North to get on a path to peace working with their neighbors . There are many , many benefits to their people that could come . But they have got to be a responsible member of the world community , and you do n't achieve that responsibility and peace and prosperity by making nuclear threats and taking very provocative actions . " Shows of force and flights of bombast The United States has in turn made a show of its military strength in the annual drills , flying B-2 stealth bombers capable of carrying conventional or nuclear weapons , Cold War-era B-52s and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters over South Korea . KCNA blamed the U.S. and its South Korean allies for the situation , however . "  We formally inform the White House and Pentagon that the ever-escalating U.S. hostile policy toward the DPRK and its reckless nuclear threat will be smashed by the strong will of all the united service personnel and people and cutting-edge smaller , lighter and diversified nuclear strike means of the DPRK and that the merciless operation of its revolutionary armed forces in this regard has been finally examined and ratified , " it said . "  The U.S. had better ponder over the prevailing grave situation . " Caitlin Hayden , National Security Council spokeswoman , slammed North Korea 's statement as "  unhelpful and unconstructive . " "  It is yet another offering in a long line of provocative statements that only serve to further isolate North Korea from the rest of the international community and undermine its goal of economic development . North Korea should stop its provocative threats and instead concentrate on abiding by its international obligations , " she said . Robert Carlin , a North Korea expert at the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University in California , told CNN that the rhetoric is still "  too hot . It needs to be cooled down . " But he added , "  If we say that we do n't see any actions yet from them , I have to assume that the U.S. military still thinks the situation is under control . " OPINION : Why Kim Jong Un is not crazy North Korea 's Wednesday decision to prevent South Korean workers and managers from entering the Kaesong Industrial Complex , which sits on the North 's side of the border but houses operations of scores of South Korean companies , is a tangible sign of the tensions between the two sides . North Korea has demanded the withdrawal of South Korean workers by April 10 from the complex , South Korean semi-official news agency Yonhap said Thursday . But South Korea 's ministry of unification denied the report . It 's a move that could end up hurting Pyongyang financially , since Kaesong is considered to be an important source of hard currency for Kim 's government . More than 50,000 North Koreans work in the zone , producing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of goods each year . Those workers earn on average $ 134 a month , of which North Korean authorities take about 45 % in various taxes . The North had threatened over the weekend to shut down the industrial complex . North Korea has yet to grant permission for South Koreans to enter the complex , South Korea 's ministry of unification said Thursday . The nearly 800 South Koreans remaining inside the complex are still able to leave , the ministry said . North Korea 's elaborate game of chicken with U.S. . A ` cash cow ' "  We are highly skeptical that they will close this cash cow , as some recent reports have suggested , " Stephan Haggard , professor at the School of International Relations and Pacific Studies at the University of California , San Diego , wrote in an article published Monday . "  But if they did , the costs would be higher for the North than for the South , " Haggard wrote in the article for the Peterson Institute for International Economics , a Washington-based research organization . Seoul said it "  deeply regrets " the North 's decision to stop South Koreans from entering Kaesong . "  North Korea 's action creates a barrier to the stable operation " of the complex , the South Korean Unification Ministry said in a statement , urging its neighbor to "  immediately normalize " the entry and exit process . And South Korean Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin said military action could be taken if the safety of the South Koreans in the zone were to come under threat . "  If there is a serious situation , we are fully ready , including military measures , " he said at a meeting of lawmakers , the semiofficial South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . U.S. moves warship , sea-based radar to watch North Korea The North has blocked the crossing into Kaesong before . In March 2009 , also during joint U.S.-South Korean military drills that it said were a threat , Pyongyang shut the border , temporarily trapping hundreds of South Korean workers in the industrial complex . It allowed many of the stranded workers to return to South Korea the next day , and fully reopened the border about a week later without explaining its reversal . It was unclear whether the latest drama over Kaesong would play out in similar fashion . At the start of the day , when the North informed the South that it would prevent new entries to the complex , there were 861 South Korean workers in there , according to the Unification Ministry . The North said it would continue to let people leave the zone . Hundreds of workers rotate in and out of Kaesong each day in a series of scheduled entries and exits . Many of them stay there for several nights . During the late morning and early afternoon exit windows , only a trickle of workers was seen returning to South Korea from Kaesong , far fewer than the scores who were registered to leave at those times . South Korean authorities did n't immediately provide an explanation for the discrepancy , saying the individual companies decide when to send workers back . Kim Kyong-sin , the manager of a textile manufacturing company in Kaesong who came back into South Korea on Wednesday , said some people were staying in the complex because "  they are worried they might not be able to come back in . " During the March 2009 crisis , many South Korean companies with operations in the zone chose to keep more workers there to compensate for those not being allowed in . Kim said he was scheduled to go back into Kaesong on Thursday , but was n't optimistic . "  I think if this continues there , business will be affected , " Kim said . "  I think the damage will be serious . " Kerry calls North ` reckless ' U.S. and South Korean officials have kept up their criticism of the North 's actions in recent days . John Kerry , the U.S. secretary of state , warned Tuesday that the United States will not accept North Korea as a "  nuclear state . " "  The bottom line is simply that what Kim Jong Un is choosing to do is provocative . It is dangerous , reckless , " Kerry said during a joint briefing in Washington with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se . "  And I reiterate again the United States will do what is necessary to defend ourselves and defend our allies , Korea and Japan , " Kerry added . "  We are fully prepared and capable of doing so , and I think the DPRK understands that . " The North has conducted three nuclear bomb tests , the most recent in February . It has said that its nuclear weapons are a deterrent that are no longer up for negotiation . Carlin said North Korea 's longer-range missiles may not be ready to be used for three to four years , and its nuclear program is a "  low-level threat " at this point . He said Washington 's most recent moves could be caused by it seeing some sort of movement around North Korean missile facilities , or it could be "  misreading and over-reading North Korean propaganda but fulfilling their obligation to be on guard and prepared . " "  We 're going to get out of this particular crisis , it seems to me , without anything really blowing up , " Carlin said . "  But down the road , things are going to get more serious . " "  What we should be looking at , really , is the decisions and the policies and the approach that we 're going to have to take over the next four or five years to deal with these things , " he added . "  Because for the last five years , we really did n't do a very good job of doing that . " CNN 's Kyung Lah and Judy Kwon in Paju , South Korea ; K.J. Kwon in Seoul ; Jethro Mullen and Tim Schwarz in Hong Kong ; Barbara Starr and Elise Labott in Washington ; and Chelsea J. Carter in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea reportedly demands the withdrawal of South Korean workers from jointly run complex Analyst says both sides need to cool the rhetoric "  The moment of explosion is approaching fast , " North Korea says U.S. moves missile defense system to Guam
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Security forces wielding clubs and firing weapons beat back hundreds of would-be demonstrators who had flocked to a square in the capital on Wednesday to continue protests against an election they have denounced as fraudulent , witnesses told CNN . Hard-line Iranian students mock British , U.S. and Israeli flags outside the British Embassy in Tehran on Tuesday . "  They were waiting for us , " one source said . "  They all have guns and riot uniforms . It was like a mouse trap . " Another witness told CNN that hundreds of people were chased by security forces and clubbed about a mile from the square . They were among the more than half a dozen witnesses who told CNN that security forces outnumbering protesters used overwhelming force to crush a planned demonstration in Baharestan Square , in front of the parliament building . The witnesses said police charged against the demonstrators , striking them with batons , beating women and old men and firing weapons into the air in order to disperse them . The melee extended beyond the square , according to one woman , who told CNN that she was traveling toward Baharestan with her friends as evening approached "  to express our opposition to these killings these days and demanding freedom . "  But the black-clad police , they stopped everyone . They emptied buses that were taking people there and let the private cars go on ... and then , all of a sudden , some 500 people with clubs of wood , they came out of the Hedayat Mosque and they poured into the streets and they started beating everyone . " People were heard yelling "  Death to the Dictatorship , Death to Ahmadinejad , Death to Khamanei and Death to Basiji , " she said . Government-run Press TV gave a starkly different account , saying only about 200 protesters had gathered in front of the parliament and 50 others in a nearby square -- all were dispersed by security forces . "  A heavy presence of police prevented violence in the area , " Press TV said . Watch an Ahmadinejad supporter describe the protests " At the nearby Bank of Melli hospital , a person who answered the phone said no one had been admitted as a result of any clashes . The number of demonstrators who ventured into the streets of Tehran appeared to have fallen since Sunday , said CNN 's Reza Sayah , who flew Wednesday to the United States from Tehran . He said exhaustion after eight consecutive days of massive protests may have combined with fear of government reprisals to limit the number of protesters . The key to what happens next , he said , depends on what role is assumed by Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose supporters say was robbed of a victory in the June 12 elections . Wednesday 's protests came as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad met in Tehran with a delegation from Belarus in his first official meeting since the disputed June 12 election triggered widespread unrest . The official results of the election gave the incumbent president a landslide victory , but his challengers have declared it was rigged and are seeking a new vote . Ahmadinejad 's claim of victory got renewed support from Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , who endorsed the results and reiterated Wednesday that the government will not back down . Demonstrators must follow the law , he said . According to official figures , 17 people have been killed in clashes with government forces over the past 11 days . Anti-government demonstrators have taken to the streets in at least four cities outside Tehran . But CNN has received unconfirmed reports of as many as 150 deaths related to the popular uprising . The government 's response to it appears to have hardened in recent days . CNN has received numerous accounts of night-time roundups by government forces of opposition activists and international journalists from their homes . Some Tehran residents said they were too afraid to talk about the political crisis over the phone to anyone in the United States or Europe . Many protesters debated whether to venture into the streets . "  I am not going outside my house at all , " a 21-year-old college student from Tehran said . "  The streets are too dangerous , and just so very busy with police . Ahhhh , when will our lives get back to normal ? " Worried the government was monitoring their phone conversations , some residents said the Internet was the best way to transmit information . However , the spotty connection made it difficult to rely on the Web . "  It 's beyond fear , " said a woman who arrived at a U.S. airport from Iran , but still did not want her name used for fear for her safety . "  The situation is more like terror . " Watch arrivals describe the situation " Khamenei urged parliamentarians Wednesday to tolerate the voices of the opposition , government-run Press TV reported . Khamenei made the remarks to a group of lawmakers in Tehran , Press TV said . But Khamenei added that the Islamic establishment and people "  will never give in to coercive demands with regards to Iran 's presidential elections , " Press TV said . The newscast added that a spokesman for the Guardian Council , which oversees elections , had declared that "  no major irregularities took place " in the elections . Though "  minor irregularities " were found , they were not significant enough to change the results , the council spokesman said , according to Press TV . Iran 's ambassador to Mexico defended his country 's actions , saying Wednesday that the anti-government protesters represent but a small minority of the nation . "  The minority ca n't impose their opinion on the majority , " Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri told CNN en Español . "  They ca n't impose a dictatorship saying that the majority is not going to govern . " There are acceptable ways of addressing electoral fraud , if any occurred , he said . "  But they go out on the street , they attack buses , they attack banks ; that affects the security of the country . " Asked why the government has made it impossible for nearly all international journalists to report from Iran , he accused the media of not accurately reporting events . "  In Tehran , there were much bigger demonstrations in favor of the government that you did n't report about , " he said . Asked about the shooting of 26-year-old Neda Agha-Soltan , whose death , captured on video , has become emblematic of the crackdown on protesters , he said , "  It is not clear who killed whom . " "  Terrorists " were among the demonstrators , he said . "  Some armed people have attacked police . ... Naturally , we have to respond . " "  We do not beat up our people and we do not kill them , " he said in a separate interview with CNN International . Iran said the Agha-Soltan might have been shot by "  mistake , " the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Wednesday . The report said the investigation into the death of Agha-Soltan is continuing , "  but according to the evidence so far , it could be said that she was killed by mistake . The marksmen had mistaken her for the sister of one of the Monafeghin who had been executed in the Province of Mazandaran some time ago . " Monafeghin refers to the People 's Mujahedin Organization of Iran , which promotes a Marxist government for Iran and has waged a campaign against the fundamentalist Islamic Tehran government -- including bombings that killed politicians , judges and cabinet members . Meanwhile , Iranian authorities said they have arrested several foreign nationals , some with British passports , in connection with the country 's post-election unrest . Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni-Ezhei told reporters that some people with links to the West and Israel had planned a series of bombings in Iran ahead of the June 12 election , the government-funded Press TV reported Wednesday . "  England is among the countries that fan the flames with their heavy propaganda , which is against all diplomatic norms , " Mohseni-Ezhei was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency . "  And the BBC Farsi has also played a major role . Also , a number of people carrying British passports have played a role in the recent disturbances . " Watch a report on Iran 's history with the West " The British Foreign Office said it was looking into the claims . Earlier Wednesday , Press TV said police raided a building in central Tehran used as a "  headquarters " to foment post-election unrest . The television station , citing unnamed sources , said the building was used by campaign staffers of opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi . And evidence indicated that "  foreign elements " were behind the planning , Press TV said . The Iranian government has long blamed other countries , especially Britain , for "  meddling " in its affairs but has offered no proof . Tehran said Wednesday it was temporarily recalling its ambassador from London , another move in escalating tit-for-tat gestures between the governments . On Tuesday , Britain expelled two Iranian diplomats . A day earlier , Iran told two British diplomats to leave . The difficulty in getting information has been compounded by a government clampdown on representatives of the international news media , who have been banned from covering protests . That has led some news outlets including CNN to rely on information from people who are disseminating information via social networking Web sites . According to Reporters Without Borders , 36 journalists have been arrested , 26 of them Iranian , since the election and "  many others " are missing .	NEW : Khamenei : Islamic establishment "  will never give in to coercive demands " NEW : Iran 's ambassador to Mexico says protesters want to "  impose a dictatorship " "  They were waiting for us , " one protester says of security forces Troops beat demonstrators in Tehran square , sources say
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- The 33 miners trapped inside a Chilean mine since August 5 have been told for the first time that they could be stuck underground for as long as four months , the head of the rescue operation said Friday . But Andre Sougarret , the mines manager for the state mining company , and Chilean government representative Jimena Matos also said they are working on a "  Plan B , " which could help speed up the rescue process . "  Last night , a third probe reached where the miners are and that probe , or the bore hole made by that probe , could form the basis of our plan B , " said Sougarret , declining to offer specifics . Officials expect drilling on a rescue shaft , a process that workers have said could take four months to complete , to begin this weekend . Still , even under the best-case scenario , the trapped miners will be underground for quite some time -- posing a host of practical and psychological problems . To help solve them , Chilean officials are looking in unlikely places . An official at NASA , the U.S. space agency , said on Friday the organization has been asked by Chile to help provide nutritional and behavioral health support to the miners . A four-person team , including two physicians and a psychologist , are planning to go to Chile next week , said Michael Duncan , NASA 's lead on the Chile effort . NASA has a long history in dealing with isolated environments and thinks experiences in space and underground are not too different , he said . "  It 's an opportunity to us to bring the space-flight experience back down to the ground , " said Duncan . The workers , trapped 2,300 feet below the surface , have been trying to keep their spirits -- and the spirits of their loved ones -- from flagging . They sent a video message to their families Thursday in which they expressed thanks for the efforts under way to free them and displayed occasional flashes of humor and patriotism . "  We know what you 've all been doing for us , " said one man . "  You have n't left us alone . We want to send applause to you . " At that , the men broke into applause . Throughout the 25-minute , high-definition video , one miner guided the hand-held camera ahead of him , its path illuminated by the light on his mining helmet . The video views were grainy and sometimes out of focus . The video showed the 50-square-meter  about 540-square-foot  living space occupied by the men since they were trapped by the collapse of a mine shaft . Some appeared heavily bearded , all of them were stripped to the waist . A thermometer showed 29.5 degrees Celsius ,  about 85 degrees Fahrenheit  , a little cooler than officials had estimated . Some of the men were standing , others were lying down . "  Oh , you 're sleeping on a box-spring bed , " joked one man to another , who is sprawled out on a pile of rocks . On a crate sat a set of dominoes ; on a wall were two first-aid boxes . Nearby were two stretchers . One miner said to his family : "  Be calm . We 're going to get out of here . And we thank you from the bottom of our hearts for your efforts . " At that , the other miners broke into applause again . The tenor of most of the comments was calm , though one man 's emotion cut through . "  Thank you to everybody , " he said . "  I send you a big hug in the name of our Lord . " As he spoke , his voice cracked . Out of the view of the camera , as one miner finished his message , another could be heard saying , "  Get us out of here soon . " Family members who saw the video in a private screening said their loved ones appeared thin , but healthy and in good spirits . Several said many of the relatives cried as they watched and listened . Doctors have given the miners advice about how to keep their limited living space clean : Portions of a 1-meter-high  3.3 feet  , 40-meter-long  about 130 feet  shaft are being used as a latrine . It is connected to the main cabin , which is being used for sleeping , washing and praying . The men 's sole lifeline to the outside world is a tube approximately 8 centimeters  3.2 inches  in diameter , through which food , water , clothing , video and radio equipment and whatever else is needed are stuffed . Health Minister Jaime Manalich told reporters Thursday that , on average , each man has lost 22 pounds  10 kilograms  since they became trapped three weeks ago , and dehydration remains a threat . But a survey of the men indicates that at least nine miners are still too overweight to fit through the proposed rescue shaft , he said . Three or four of the miners are showing signs of anxiety and depression , Manalich added .	NASA to provide nutritional and behavioral health support Rescue crews are working on a "  Plan B " to get the 33 trapped miners out faster The miners have been told they could be underground for up to 4 months The trapped workers have made a 25-minute video featuring messages to loved ones
CNN  -- Bankers get a bad press . If they are not in news studios trying to defend their annual bonus being more than most people earn in a lifetime , they are attempting to brush off the latest multi-million pound fine they received for ripping off the public . Not so in the latest edition of the Global Talk Finance program . Representatives from the banking sector talk enthusiastically about how they 've reformed their risky business practices and raised billions to fight against poverty and climate change . They herald the introduction of a "  Robin Hood " tax , where speculators pay around a 0.1 % tax on their financial transactions , as a "  triumph . " Ok , so it may not strictly be real life . The news anchor is played by "  Walking Dead " star Andrew Lincoln , he quizzes characters played by some of Europe 's biggest stars -- Bill Nighy , Clemence Poesy , Javier Camara and Heike Makatsch who says the tax was "  a profoundly important moment -- it 's been good for business and it 's brought billions for jobs in Europe . " Yet fiction is not so far away from reality . Eleven European countries , including France , Germany , Italy and Spain are signed up to a Financial Transaction Tax which could raise up to 30 billion pounds annually and be implemented as early as next year . It is the best chance we have of ensuring those responsible for the crisis pay their fair share to put things right . Unfortunately the UK is refusing to join in , even attempting to block the proposal with a groundless legal challenge in the European Courts of Justice . As Bill Nighy 's character demonstrates masterfully as he squirms out of questions over how the money could help stop cuts to public services , it means the UK will also lose out on the benefits . Bill Nighy has been involved with the "  Robin Hood " tax campaign since its inception in 2010 . He came with us to see first-hand the impact of the financial crisis only a few miles away from its epicenter in the City of London . A food bank in the London borough of Putney , where emergency food parcels are given out to those in the most dire need , had seen numbers increase 50 % in a year . There are now over 350 Trussell Trust food banks across the UK , at one point opening at the rate of one a week , as people struggle to make ends meet in a perfect storm of public service cuts and decreasing standards of living . Yet the devastation wreaked by the crisis rippled out far beyond national borders . Oxfam estimates it left a $ 65 billion dollar hole in the budgets of the world 's poorest countries -- the people least responsible for the crisis are paying the heaviest price . Meanwhile back in the financial sectors of London and New York , bankers were cushioned from impacts of their own actions -- public money bailed them out and continues to subsidize them today . But it 's not just about ensuring banks give something back , it 's about refocusing our economy away from the fool 's gold of financial sector riches . Financial products such as derivatives can be useful for the economy -- they allow a haulage company , for example , to buy a petroleum future , meaning their costs are predictable over time . But all sense of proportion has been lost , the market in derivatives is now a mind-boggling 70 times the size of global GDP . This frenetic swarm of speculative trades may earn a small cabal of the super-rich ever more money , but it brings with it huge risks and when things go wrong , as they did so spectacularly five years , ago billions can be wiped from the real economy . The low rate of the tax would help curb these speculative trades whilst avoiding impacting on people 's pensions and savings . As the film 's director David Yates , best known for directing the final four films in the Harry Potter series , said : "  I agreed to direct the film because the "  Robin Hood " tax is a simple yet brilliant idea . We need to learn the lessons of the financial crisis and ensure that banks and hedge funds work in the interests of society not the other way around . " He 's not wrong . As France and Germany are due to make an announcement on the tax and countries will agree the details in coming weeks . Let 's hope they agree the best possible tax that raises the most money -- it will help create a financial sector we can all be proud of . Read more : U.K. moves to block Europe 's Tobin tax The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Chouffot .	Eleven European countries , including France , Germany , Italy and Spain are signed up to a Financial Transaction Tax Campaigner Simon Chouffot says FTT could help deal with the devastation wreaked by the financial crisis Harry Potter director David Yates directs the campaign 's spot staring Bill Nighy and Clemence Poesy
CNN  -- Full disclosure : I have loved watching the Olympics on television since Munich 1972 and thoroughly enjoyed being in the cities for the run-up to Torino 2006 and London 2012 . Costs be damned . Well , not really . But those who moan and groan about the "  costs " of the Olympic movement have to go a long way to convince me they are automatically bad for a city . Tokyo is a great , safe and hopefully cost effective choice to host the 2020 Summer Games . The Japanese capital achieved a crushing victory over rivals Istanbul and Madrid in Saturday 's final International Olympic Committee  IOC  vote . As the Financial Times notes , the current budget projections are 0.2 % of 2012 GDP . Plus , more than half of the $ 8 billion build-out cost projections is already set aside , the new hosts tell us . Construction firms are getting nice juicy contracts . Architects have already been hard at work . Full-time and part-time jobs will be created . Sure , the budget will rise . It always does . London tripled its initial budget estimates to $ 14 billion for the construction , security etc. and privately raised $ 3 billion or so to stage the games , from corporate sponsors , ticket sales and broadcasting rights . Construction money came from taxpayers and lottery funding . In fact , once London confirmed its final budget about five years before the Games , it stuck to it . It can be done . Now , Winter Olympics are a different proposition altogether as smaller cities have to contend with grand projects well beyond their normal needs . Many cities have been left with expensive white elephants in far flung places . Let 's hope Sochi 's $ 10bn budget  or more  is worth the cost as the government plans to make the area a year-round resort and also the site of big sporting events like a Formula One grand prix . And yes , you can always point to the abysmal state Montreal was left it with its stadium after 1976 . It took something like 30 years to pay off . Montreal is the proverbial exception to the rule and was the warning sign for all cities to follow . It has rightfully scared the IOC and host cities into getting it right , or face financial headaches for years to come . Athens 2004 was also a prescription for how not to do it . Expensive white elephants still sit idle . The last minute "  Mediterranean " rush to finish off some venues and infrastructure plans inevitably lead to higher costs . Atlanta '96 was no great success either , but for the start of the trend to plan the use of big venues , before the Games began . The Olympic Stadium was partially knocked down and used by the city 's popular baseball team . Beijing and London went in other ways -- new stadia for the opening and closing ceremonies and athletics -- with a vow to keep the spirit of the Olympics in the building 's bones . While Beijing 's appears to be nothing more than a tourist attraction , London 's will be home to a mix of football , athletics and already stands at the heart of a new urban park -- home to big named concerts and yes , lots of tourists . Speaking of tourists , those who stayed from London in droves last summer , were here this summer , I can tell you . I have not suffered from London being so busy as July and August just gone . London also got new train stations and better access to the east of the city . Sure , the poor in the area should have had that already , but now they do ; along with new schools , swimming pools and housing . Could Olympic money be "  spent " in better ways ? Not likely . Governments often go over budget and over time when undertaking large infrastructure projects . The Olympics give cities one big , wonderful immoveable objective ; a deadline . As Rio is now learning , there is no pressure like the pressure of IOC inspectors .	Tokyo will host the Olympic Games for the second time in 2020 The Japanese capital previously hosted the Summer Games in 1964 Tokyo was awarded the Games in 1940 , they were later canceled due to World War II Tokyo defeated Madrid and Istanbul in Saturday 's vote in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- You got to give the people , now Give the people what they want -- The O'Jays Now that Republicans have control of both houses of Congress , they are going to have to do better -- and do right by all Americans , not just their fringe conservative base . In the first days of the newly minted 112th Congress , after the 2010 midterms gave Republicans control of the House of Representatives , the American people were clamoring for action on jobs and the economy . What did the new Republican House give them ? One of the first laws introduced was the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act . Whereas existing federal law already limited the use of government funds to pay for abortion , there were exceptions for incest and rape . The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act attempted to narrow the definition of rape to only involving force . Republican House Speaker John Boehner called the legislation a top priority for his caucus . Maybe for conservative Republicans but certainly not for most Americans , especially when unemployment was 9 % and the economy was still reeling from the Great Recession . Then , as now , Americans say the economy is the most important problem facing the country . Even all the fear and fear-mongering around ISIS and Ebola has n't changed this . People are far more worried about the economy and the job market . Abortion barely registers as a concern in the polls . Meanwhile , Republicans have touted a list of "  more than 30 jobs bills " they have passed in the House but have failed in the Democratic Senate . The party has even printed the list on handy flash cards so that the likes of Boehner can carry them in their pockets and wave around at political events . But those so-called "  jobs bills " include repealing Obamacare , gutting clean air and water regulations , and weakening the National Labor Relations Board . In other words , they 're not really jobs bills but simply fig leaves for conservatives ' long-standing ideological agenda . Economists say the actual job growth impact of the GOP agenda is next to zero -- not to mention the harm it will do to working Americans who rely on wage standards and protections , or the 10 million-plus Americans who have gained health insurance through Obamacare . When Republicans controlled just one house of Congress , they perpetually and annoyingly passed symbolic pet legislation that stood no chance of becoming law . Now that Republicans control both houses , that behavior wo n't just be irritating but downright irresponsible . The American people have entrusted Republicans with control of Congress . They expect Congress to lead , not continue to throw partisan temper tantrums . Leading , in this context , means passing laws that solve real problems and are in forms that both parties agree on . No more Orwellian circus shows . For six years , Republicans have condemned President Barack Obama and the Democratic agenda . Regardless of how the midterm results panned out due to a handful of races in red and maroon-ish purple states , the fact remains that the Democratic agenda is broadly and strongly supported . Most Americans support extending unemployment benefits , passing paid sick leave , lowering student loan rates and raising the minimum wage , as was reflected in ballot measure results across the country Tuesday . It 's why many of the Republicans who won their races actually ran as rhetorical liberals , trying to mask their unpopular stances on women 's issues and more . Going into this election , while only 23 % of Americans have a "  very positive " view of Obama and just 12 % view the Democratic Party very positively , the favorability percentage for the Republican Party is even lower -- just 7 % , according to one survey . Not exactly time to spike the football . Of course , no party should govern based solely on popular referendum . That would be stupid . But governing without any concern for what the people want is insane . Seven in 10 Americans oppose limiting access to abortion , according to a recent poll . So why is it that in the past three years , state legislatures have passed more anti-abortion measures than in the entire previous decade ? The new Republican leadership in Congress should focus on issues such as rebuilding our crumbling bridges and other public infrastructure , or passing bipartisan immigration reform to help level wages and working standards for everyone in America . Maybe there are even reasonable compromises to be found in reforming the tax code , making it simpler and more transparent while at the same time fairer . Either way , the GOP should stop shutting down the government and blocking the President 's appointments . Sure , the American people blame both parties for gridlock . But when asked , they place more blame with Republicans . Now that they have full power in Congress either to compromise or not with the White House , Republicans have no more excuses . And if Republicans do n't start learning how to lead in a responsible , bipartisan fashion , the American people will have no more patience . In 1975 when the O'Jays sang "  Give the People What They Want , " they sang about the people wanting "  better education now " and "  better food to eat " and "  better homing "  by which I assume they meant housing , not pigeons  . The O'Jays were singing about the real world -- real people and problems that political leaders should be addressing . Republicans have to stop singing their tired tune of "  Criticize Everything President Obama Does " and instead starting singing harmony with the Democrats to get things done in Washington and , yes , "  Give the People What They Want . " We have real problems in America that need real solutions and real leaders doing the hard work of governing together . Here 's hoping Republicans are up to the task to which they 've been elected .	Sally Kohn : Now that the GOP has control of Congress , it needs to do a better job Kohn : Republicans must go beyond their fringe conservative base and ideologies Crumbling infrastructure , immigration , good wages are issues that matter , she says Kohn : GOP should stop shutting down the government and show it 's up to task at hand
I can clearly remember that first moment I felt like a foot soldier in the "  mommy wars . " Six years ago , in between news assignments , I raced to catch my then-2-year-old daughter 's gymnastics class . It was Parents ' Day , which meant all of us moms and a few dads gathered to "  ooh " and "  ahh " at what our future Olympians had learned so far . But then class was over and I had an interview I had to dash off to , something not many toddlers would easily accept . My daughter cried her eyes out and clung to my body . As I had to gently pry her arms off me and make my exit , I noticed all the moms staring at me -- or rather glaring . Their eyes said it all . "  How could you leave your daughter ? " "  I would never do that to my child . " As the tears began to flow on my way back to the office , I felt guilty , but also angry . "  Why all the judgment ? " I thought to myself , but I knew I was guilty of some of that same judgment from time to time . It 's not something to be proud of -- those moments , for instance , when you see what a mom is feeding her child and think , "  I would never give that to my daughters . " Mommy . Wars . Just writing those words makes me cringe , but they 're real to some extent , and they stem from , I believe , deep insecurities that all moms feel , especially when we compare ourselves to moms around us . Ca n't we all just get along ? That 's the thinking behind a fabulous photo spread aptly titled "  End the Mommy Wars " on the site Connecticut Working Moms , which first went viral last year , and continues to pop up . Women hold signs with messages such as "  Let 's love more & judge less . " Hear hear to that ! "  The message really resonates with people because ... nobody likes to feel judged , " said Michelle Noehren , 32 , the site 's founder and manager . "  They 're tired of this negativity . " The site made waves in 2012 with a photo spread celebrating women and their post-baby bodies , which got national attention on television . As a follow-up , the site launched its Campaign for Judgment-Free Motherhood , with photos highlighting issues sometimes used to "  pit moms against each other , " said Noehren , mom to a 3-year-old daughter in Glastonbury , Connecticut . "  I work outside the home , " says one woman via a sign . Next to her , another woman declares , "  I 'm a stay-at-home mom . " In another , one mom touts she practices "  peaceful parenting , " while another mom admits to sometimes yelling at her child . "  We wanted to take those  topics  and say , ` Hey , we 're all people . We 're all equals , and no one is better than someone else and we do n't know why other people make the decisions that they do , so what 's the point in judging that ? " Noehren said . Judgment-free motherhood is a wonderful concept , but I can hear the skeptics now saying it 's about as likely to happen as losing weight by eating daily hot fudge sundaes . "  It 's a journey for everyone . It 's a journey for me . I still find myself judging other mothers , " said Noehren , "  but I think the difference is that now when I realize I 'm judging somebody , I realize it and I 'm like , ` Ooh , I do n't like the thought I 'm having . I 'm going to just not follow that thought and go down a negative mental spiral and instead just remember that every mom is doing the best that  she  can . ' " Noehren has written about the practical steps moms can take to stop the reflexive judging that we 're all so used to in today 's society . "  The only thing that we can control is our own mind , " she said . "  We ca n't control what other people are doing in their life so we can choose to let go of those negative thoughts when we have them and that 's really , I think , the key to becoming a less judgmental person . " Another way ? Listening to other women 's stories and realizing we all have our challenges -- whether we stay at home or work outside the home , breastfeed or formula feed , buy fast food or organic , choose home school or public school or private schools . After that disturbing incident at my daughter 's gymnastics class six years ago , I was really helped by an anthology of essays from women from different perspectives , Leslie Morgan Steiner 's highly regarded "  Mommy Wars " . But I have a lot more work to do to truly live judgment-free . I 'm inspired to try to do a better job . Are you ? What do you think is the best way to end the ` mommy wars ' ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Connecticut Working Moms launches photo spread called "  End the Mommy Wars " In photos , moms hold contrasting signs about work , parenting and discipline "  The message really resonates with people , " the site 's founder says The site first got attention with a campaign in 2012 celebrating women 's post-baby bodies
CNN  -- As horrified travelers watched , a Greyhound Canada bus passenger repeatedly stabbed and then decapitated a young man who was sitting and sleeping beside him , a witness said Thursday . Police investigate the scene near Portage la Prairie , Canada , on Thursday . "  There was a bloodcurdling scream . I was just reading my book , and all of a sudden , I heard it , " Garnet Caton , who was sitting in front of the two men , said of the Wednesday night incident west of Portage la Prairie in Manitoba . "  It was like something between a dog howling and a baby crying , I guess you could say , " Caton said . "  I do n't think it will leave me for a while . " Passengers exited the bus , and a trucker who stopped provided wrenches and crowbars to several of them so they could keep the suspect on the bus until police came , witnesses told Canadian TV . The suspect was seized with the help of negotiators , Royal Canadian Mounted Police Sgt. Steve Colwell said . Watch Colwell discuss the case " He said no formal charges had been filed , and he declined to identify either the man in custody or the victim , who were among 34 passengers . There was no immediate indication of what prompted the attack , Colwell said . He said he did n't know how many times the victim was stabbed . Witnesses described the weapon as a large butcher-type knife . Caton told The Associated Press that the victim appeared to be about 19 years old and had gotten on the bus in Edmonton . Colwell praised the "  extraordinary " level-headedness and bravery of the bus driver and passengers . "  What you saw and what you experienced would shake the most seasoned police officer . And yet I 'm told that each of you acted swiftly , calmly and bravely , " Colwell said . "  As a result , no one else was injured . " The police received a call reporting the attack at 8:30 p.m. By the time they arrived at the scene , everyone except the knife-wielder and his victim had left the bus , Colwell said . The incident ended about 1:30 a.m. . The bus was traveling along the Trans-Canada Highway from Edmonton , Alberta , to Winnipeg , Manitoba , and was about 45 minutes from its destination when the attack occurred , Greyhound spokeswoman Abby Wambaugh said in Dallas , Texas . Caton said the victim was sleeping with his head leaning against the window when the attack happened . Caton said he shouted at the other passengers , many of whom also were sleeping , to leave . Watch Caton describe what he saw " "  Everybody got off the bus . Me and a trucker that stopped and the Greyhound driver ran up to the door to maybe see if the guy was still alive or we could help or something like that , " Caton said . "  And when we all got up , we saw that the guy was cutting off the guy 's head . ... When he saw us , he came back to the front of the bus , told the driver to shut the door . He pressed the button and the door shut , but it did n't shut in time , and the guy was able to get his knife out and take a swipe at us , " Caton said . Caton told the AP that the attacker did n't sit near the victim when he first got on the bus , about an hour before the attack . "  He sat in the front at first ; everything was normal , " Caton said . "  We went to the next stop , and he got off and had a smoke with another young lady there . When he got on the bus again , he came to the back near where I was sitting . He put his bags in the overhead compartment . He did n't say a word to anybody . He seemed totally normal . " Half an hour later , the attack began , Caton told the AP . "  There was no rage or anything . He was like a robot , stabbing the guy . " The incident occurred on the first of two Greyhound Canada buses that were traveling together , Wambaugh said . The bus was carrying 37 passengers . As many passengers as possible among those not directly involved in the incident were transferred to the second bus , she said . Others were taken to a hotel in Brandon , where they were met by Greyhound managers and police , Wambaugh said . Once they are released , Greyhound will take them by bus to Winnipeg , and "  we will do whatever is required to help them , and that includes counseling , " she added . Wambaugh declined to comment further . "  I do n't want to compromise the investigation , " she said . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say suspect is in custody , no charges have been filed AP : Witness says attacker seemed normal before slaying , appeared to be about 19 Man repeatedly stabbed and then decapitated sleeping seat mate , witness says Trucker helped passengers trap knife-wielding man on bus , witnesses say
The Obama administration , after initially resisting the idea , is weighing whether to deploy National Guard troops to the southern border to help address a surge of migrant youth from Central America , many of them unaccompanied , a White House official told CNN . The Pentagon and the Department of Health and Human Services sent a team earlier this week to assess Border Patrol efforts in the Rio Grande Valley , the official said , where tens of thousands of children have poured into the United States this year . The administration 's latest efforts in what most agree is a humanitarian crisis come as Washington struggles to address the matter with little optimism for a solution before Congress breaks for its month-long August recess . Immigrants or refugees ? Here 's the latest : Little optimism for a solution from Congress : House Speaker John Boehner accuses President Barack Obama of being "  AWOL " on the crisis and flip-flopping on solutions . A key partisan point of contention is a Republican proposal to change a 2008 law that allows Central American immigrant children to stay in the United States until they receive a hearing . That process can take months or years . Republicans want to tweak the Bush-era law so that migrant youth from Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador , who do not qualify for refugee status , are sent home more quickly . Democrats worry the expedited process will mean many will fall through the cracks and will be sent back to what many have characterized as violent situations in their countries . "  The administration started earlier this month by signaling some openness to changes in the 2008 law to accelerate the process of returning these children to their home countries , " Boehner told reporters on Thursday . "  The President called for this change , the secretary of homeland security called for this change , and other administration officials have called for this change . Now the President and his team have apparently flip-flopped . " House Republicans proposed a $ 1.5 billion package on Wednesday aimed at helping to resolve the crisis . The tally is nearly $ 1 billion less than that proposed in a measure by Senate Democrats just a day before and less than half of the $ 3.7 billion Obama has said he needs to effectively combat the problem . However , top congressional leaders from both parties say they doubt Congress will act before beginning its recess . Time to do something is also short when they get back in September due to the upcoming midterm elections in November . Meanwhile , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and members from the Texas congressional delegation were to meet with officials from the Rio Grande Valley and the Brownsville office of Catholic Charitieson on Thursday to discuss the problem . White House reconsidering National Guard : The White House has not embraced calls from Republicans and even some Democrats to send guard troops to the border with Mexico . President Barack Obama suggested , in a conversation with Texas Gov. Rick Perry earlier this month , that it could be a temporary solution . Perry followed up this week , announcing he would deploy up to 1,000 guard troops to the border area most affected by the surge -- the Rio Grande Valley . A White House official told CNN there had been no request from homeland security officials for such a step , but that the Pentagon would make the call , if asked for help . Gil Kerlikowske , commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection told CNN 's "  New Day " on Thursday the administration is "  very pleased " and optimistic with conditions " at the border . Kerlikowske also noted that the flow of migrant youth has slowed , but also said that is a usual occurrence in hotter parts of the summer . Central American leaders in the U.S. : Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina and Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez are slated to speak at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a nonprofit , foreign policy think tank , on Thursday about ways to stem the from of immigrant kids . Molina and Hernandez , along with El Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez Ceren , are scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden on Friday . Bush calls on Republicans to fix the problem : Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a possible 2016 Republican presidential candidate , wrote an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal asking fellow Republicans not abandon comprehensive immigration reform and asking for the affected immigrant children to be treated more compassionately when they are taken into custody . His piece echoes themes in a similar statement last week to CNN . "  President Obama has promised to once again act unilaterally if Congress fails to take up immigration reform , " Bush wrote . "  Now is the time for House Republicans to demonstrate leadership on this issue . Congress should not use the present crisis as an excuse to defer comprehensive immigration reform . " Key questions about Rick Perry 's border plan	The Obama administration weighs sending National Guard tropps to the U.S.-Mexico border Congressional Democrats and Republicans have competing border crisis plans The president is meeting with Central American leaders this week to discuss border crisis The Obama administration is buoyed by slight slowing in immigrant kids at the border
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Hezbollah 's spiritual leader , Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah , has been hospitalized in Lebanon and is in "  critical condition , " a source in his office told CNN . The hospitalization comes after widespread rumors circulating in Beirut that Lebanon 's top Shiite leader has been ill and may not live much longer . Fadlallah was born in 1935 in the Shiite holy city of Najaf , Iraq , and completed his Quranic studies there , according to his website . He has lived in Lebanon since the 1960s and became a spiritual leader of Hezbollah after it was founded in 1982 in response to an Israeli invasion . In recent years , however , Fadlallah had become distanced from Hezbollah 's Iran-influenced leadership . His views on various topics , including the role of women , are laid out on his website and are considered liberal for a Shiite cleric . But he never swayed from his criticism of Israel . In a letter penned to President Barack Obama last year , Fadlallah said : "  The size of support and cover-up provided by your country for the Zionist entity has become known . This entity was established on the land whose people were uprooted by the power of iron and fire . The subsequent American policies have contributed to the loss of the Palestinian cause , despite the ratification of many Security Council resolutions . " The United States considers Hezbollah , which has close ties to Iran and Syria , a terrorist organization . The Shiite group is a major provider of social services in Lebanon but also operates a militant wing . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Grand Ayatollah Fadlallah is hospitalized in Beirut , source says He was closely associated with Hezbollah when it formed almost 30 years ago Recently , he has become distanced from the group 's leaders The United States considers Hezbollah a terrorist organization
CNN  -- Roger Federer is on course to win a record sixth end-of-season tennis championship after beating David Ferrer in London on Saturday to reach his 100th career final and return to third in the world rankings . The defending champion triumphed 7-5 6-3 in one hour and 25 minutes to set up a ATP World Tour Finals showdown with sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Sunday . He extended his winning record against the fifth-seeded Spaniard to 12-0 in career meetings , and is now unbeaten in 16 matches after winning titles in his hometown Basel and Paris in the past month . The 30-year-old now has the chance to surpass Ivan Lendl and Pete Sampras , who won the tournament five times in the 1980s and '90s respectively . Djokovic exits as Berdych beats Ferrer at ATP Tour Finals "  It 's obviously a special occasion for me tomorrow playing my 100th final , possibly winning my 70th title and winning my sixth at the World Tour Finals , " Federer said . "  It was a tough match . I could clearly see why David beat Murray and Djokovic here -- he takes the ball really early , is able to generate great angles off his plays and is super consistent . "  It was a key 5-4 game for me to hold and then break the next game . Then , actually , break again early on in the second set . That was a crucial sort of 15-20 minutes for me . I 'm happy I was able to decide the match right there . " Ferrer will now turn his attentions to the Davis Cup final , as Spain take on Argentina in Seville on his more favored clay surface next weekend . He started the week with a bang , beating Andy Murray in straight sets before the third-seeded Briton pulled out with a groin injury . Ferrer then thrashed world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , but suffered a surprise defeat to Berdych on Friday that meant the Czech went through as Group A winner and avoided Ferrer in the semis . Federer , who beat Rafael Nadal in last year 's final , has reached the title match for the seventh time after winning all four matches this week at the indoor hard-court event . Tsonga continued his strong end to the season with a 6-3 7-5 win over seventh seed Berdych in Saturday 's second semi . The Frenchman will seek to avenge his Paris Masters final defeat by Federer , also losing to the 16-time grand slam champion in their Group B encounter in London . However , the 26-year-old has won two of their seven clashes this year -- most notably at the Wimbledon quarterfinals as Federer suffered his first defeat when leading by two sets in a grand slam .	Roger Federer beats David Ferrer 7-5 6-3 in semis at ATP World Tour Finals The 16-time grand slam champion is seeking a record sixth title in London He will face French sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Sunday 's final Swiss star will return to No. 3 in year-end rankings above Andy Murray
CNN  -- Endangered cultural sites are the stars of the annual International Day for Monuments and Sites -- more commonly known as World Heritage Day -- on April 18 . Some of these wonders are part of the Global Heritage Fund 's first annual list of five endangered cultural sites , issued to mark the day and draw attention to the fund 's work . The day was first adopted as a concept in 1983 to draw attention to the cultural heritage of communities around the world . Sites include a natural Guatemalan wonderland larger than Yellowstone National Park , Colombia 's Lost City and medieval villages in the Transylvanian Alps . The fund , which works to protect significant and endangered cultural heritage sites in the developing world , named sites they 're working to save from the impact of uncontrolled modern development , tourism and looting . "  Many cultural sites are endangered , especially those in the developing world  regions where per capita income is less than $ 2 per day  , and they languish without any international attention , " wrote Vince Michael , the fund 's executive director , via e-mail . "  It 's our hope that World Heritage Day and our list will inspire community involvement in preserving the legacy of these sites . " Travelers ' choice : World 's top 25 destinations Why focus on these five sites ? Some locations were chosen for their historical significance . "  Ciudad Perdida  in Colombia  was once a thriving center of political , social and economic power , and Göbekli Tepe  in Turkey  is the oldest man-made place of worship discovered to date . As awareness of these two sites has grown , threats such as unregulated tourism and looting could harm the sites , " Michael wrote . The Minority Villages of Guizhou  in China  and the Carpathian Villages  in Romania  were included because of their important cultural heritage and traditional practices , "  which are being eroded by modern development and industrialization , " Michael said . "  Finally , we included Mirador , Guatemala , because it is facing critical environmental threats -- ranching and logging have destroyed 70 percent of its forests in the last decade . " Do you agree with the fund 's choices ? What would you add ?	The Global Heritage Fund issues its first-ever list of endangered sites The fund tries to save sites in developing countries An 11,000-year-old ceremonial site in Turkey is on the fund list
The Justice Department Tuesday announced that it has launched an investigation of the Albuquerque , New Mexico , police department involving allegations of excessive force use and use of unreasonable deadly force . At a news conference , Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez said investigators will try to determine whether the city 's police officers engaged in a pattern or practice of excessive force in violation of federal laws and constitutional rights . Perez and other civil rights officials met with Albuquerque 's mayor and police chief , who pledged their full cooperation with the probe Perez said . "  Let me be clear : this is a civil investigation not a criminal investigation , " Perez said . A letter from the Justice Department to Albuquerque Mayor Richard Berry said the investigation was being headed by the department 's civil rights division and by the U.S. attorney 's office in New Mexico . Neither the Justice Department nor local officials offered specifics of any cases that were being investigated . Berry said in a statement that the Justice probe was "  an investigation concerning officer use of force and systems and policies that have been in place for decades in many cases . " Both Berry and Police Chief Ray Schultz issued statements in response to the Department of Justice announcement , and both local officials indicated their city and department had been cooperating with federal investigators for about a year in what Berry called "  an informal inquiry " into the police department . Schultz in his statement praised his department but added , "  we know that we are not always perfect and that there is always room for improvement . " In 2010 , Schultz said , "  when we first noticed an increased number of police/citizen interactions resulting in force it was the men and women of APD who immediately began identifying ways to improve the quality of police services that we deliver . Their recommendations , along with 39 additional ones from the Police Executive Research Forum , were adopted , and to date , over 92 % have been implemented . " Schultz said he and his officers "  look forward to working with the DOJ investigative team and its panel of experts and identifying any additional steps that we can take to improve our department and our community . " The Justice Department 's Perez said the Albuquerque investigation brings the total number of active Justice Department civil probes into police departments to 14 nationwide . Feds and Seattle police settle over excessive force allegations Feds find cause to believe Portland police use excessive force on mentally ill	The DOJ says it now has 14 civil probes of police departments underway nationwide The latest is an investigation into allegations of excessive force in Albuquerque Both the mayor and police chief in Albuquerque pledge full cooperation
Boston  CNN  Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told a judge Thursday he was satisfied with his defense lawyers at what is expected to be the final public hearing before his death penalty trial begins on January 5 . Wearing gray slacks a white button-down shirt under a black sweater , Tsarnaev said , "  Yes , sir , " to a series of questions from the judge , including whether he was pleased with his defense and had been kept informed about his case . It was the first time Tsarnaev -- suspected with his older brother Tamerlan of planting two bombs that killed three people and injured more than 260 others near the Boston Marathon finish line in April 2013 -- appeared in a Boston federal court since he pleaded not guilty last year . One of the more colorful developments happened as the 25-minute hearing ended . Elena Teyer -- mother-in-law of Ibragim Todashev , a Tamerlan Tsarnaev associate whom an FBI agent shot and killed in Florida last year during what authorities say was a separate murder investigation -- was in attendance and shouted in support of Dzhokhar as he was led away in handcuffs . "  I said in court , ` Dzhokhar , you have a lot of supporters . We pray for you . ... We know you 're innocent , ' " Teyer told reporters afterward . Todashev , like the Tsarnaev family , was from Chechnya -- though the Tsarnaev brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan . Also at Thursday 's hearing , a potential defense expert witness who has been interviewing Tsarnaev 's relatives was a center of contention between the prosecution and the defense . The prosecution says it does n't want the witness to offer an opinion on whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was under his older brother 's control . Dzhokhar was 19 at the time of the bombings ; Tamerlan , who was killed in a police encounter days after the incident , was 26 . The defense , in a status hearing in April , called the Tsarnaev family dynamic key to their case . The judge did not immediately rule on the witness . Possibly another trial delay ? Tsarnaev attorney David Bruck said his team could file yet another motion to have the trial delayed . In September , defense attorneys succeeded in moving the trial from November 3 to January 5 . But they wanted it delayed much longer -- until September 1 , 2015 -- citing a large volume of information in the case . But unless Bruck files another motion and a judge grants it , Tsarnaev is set to stand trial in less than three weeks . Authorities say Tsarnaev and his older brother planted two pressure-cooker explosives , hidden in backpacks , near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 , 2013 . As spectators watched runners finish the race in the afternoon , the bombs exploded 12 seconds apart , killing 8-year-old Martin Richard , 29-year-old Krystle Campbell and Lingzi Lu , a Boston University graduate student from China , and injuring more than 260 others . Timeline : The bombing , manhunt and investigation Three days later , after the FBI released surveillance photos of the suspects , the Tsarnaevs shot and killed Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier , authorities say . Early the next day , authorities say , the brothers hijacked a car in Cambridge , and then threw explosives out the car windows and exchanged gunfire with police who pursued them . Tamerlan Tsarnaev died of wounds he suffered in the encounter , but Dzhokhar got away , leading to a massive manhunt . He was found that night in a motorboat dry-docked in the backyard of a Watertown , Massachusetts , home , covered in blood from bullet wounds sustained in that morning 's shootout . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces more than 30 federal charges , including using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death . Federal prosecutors announced earlier this year that they will seek the death penalty against him , arguing he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner " and lacks remorse . Prosecutors have said they expect to call between 80 and 100 witnesses in a three - to four-month trial . From fears to cheers : The final hours that paralyzed Boston In September , a federal judge denied Tsarnaev 's bid to move his upcoming trial out of Massachusetts . His lawyers had argued that pretrial publicity and public sentiment jeopardized his opportunity for a fair trial . U.S. District Judge George O'Toole rejected the argument that 12 impartial jurors could n't be found in the area , saying Massachusetts ' eastern federal district had about 5 million people . As for Todashev , authorities said an FBI agent fatally shot the 27-year-old at his Florida apartment in May 2013 . This happened as FBI agents and Massachusetts state troopers questioned him about a 2011 Boston-area triple murder that they thought could have been tied to Todashev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev . A report by Florida 's 9th Circuit state attorney , Jeffrey Ashton , concluded this year that Todashev 's killing was justified -- a finding that concurred with a reviews by the FBI and the Florida state attorney for Orange and Osceola counties . The report cites FBI documents that said Todaschev was writing a confession to the triple murder when when he attacked , flipping the table he was writing on and striking an FBI agent in the head . Todaschev ran to the kitchen and was heard frantically grabbing items before reappearing in the doorway wielding a long metal handle of a mop or broom . The report said Todashev took an attack stance with the pole and lunged violently at the agent , who shot him , with fatal wounds to his head and his heart , according to the documents . Todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to the law enforcement officers and agents in his apartment . U.S. law enforcement officials said Todashev made statements implicating himself and Tamerlan Tsarnaev in the 2011 killings . Boston bombing suspect 's friend convicted CNN 's Ann Roche and Deborah Feyerick reported from Boston ; CNN 's Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev attends last scheduled public hearing before January 5 trial Defense says it may file another motion to delay trial Mother-in-law of Ibragim Todashev shouts support for Tsarnaev Todashev , an associate of Tsarnaev 's brother , was killed last year in what FBI said was separate probe
New York  CNN  -- President Barack Obama marked the dedication of the long-awaited September 11 Memorial Museum Thursday with families , survivors and rescuers at the site , saying the "  sacred place of healing and hope " will ensure that "  generations yet unborn will never forget " the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil . "  It is an honor for us to join in your memories , to recall and to reflect , and above all to reaffirm the true spirit of 9/11 : love , compassion , sacrifice and to enshrine it forever in the heart of our nation , " the President said before the gray bedrock of the fallen towers . Both chilling and somber , the memorial will take visitors back to the day the twin towers of the World Trade Center were felled by hijacked jet planes on a clear September morning nearly 13 years ago . It also remembers those who lost their lives outside of New York the same day , when a hijacked jet flew into the Pentagon and another went down in a field in Pennsylvania . "  Here we tell their story so that generations yet unborn will never forget , " Obama said . "  Of coworkers who led others to safety , of passengers who stormed the cockpit , our men and women in uniform who rushed into an inferno , our first responders who charged up those stairs , a generation of service members , our 9/11 generation who have served with honor in more than a decade of war . " The sacrifices of that day and the toil to build the museum demonstrates that the United States is "  a nation that stands tall and united and unafraid because no act of terror can match the strength or the character of our country , " the President said . "  Nothing can ever break us , " he added . "  Nothing can change who we are as Americans . " The ceremony was attended by dignitaries such as New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , former New York mayors Michael Bloomberg and Rudolph Giuliani and relatives of the more than 2,700 people who perished at the site . Before his speech , the President and first lady Michelle Obama viewed the museum with former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , along with others . Obama said the museum , which includes a mangled firetruck and a memorial wall with photos of the victims , provided a "  profound and moving experience . " Speakers recounted stories of random acts of kindness and courage that marked the fateful day , of firefighters who died climbing up stairs to save lives , of 24-year-old Welles Crowther -- who emerged from the smoke wearing a red bandana and calmly led survivors to the stairs in one of the towers . "  They did n't know his name , " Obama said . "  They did n't know where he came from but they knew their lives had been saved by the man in the red bandana . " Crowther led survivors to safety during the chaos of the terrorist attack , before going back up the stairs to save others and losing his life . One of his red bandanas is on display in the museum . "  All those who come here will have a chance to know the sacrifice of a young man , who like so many , gave his life so others might live , " Obama said . Crowther 's mother , Alison , said the memorial was a symbol of "  how people helped each other that day " and she hoped it would inspire others "  to do the same in ways both big and small . " She stood alongside Ling Young , one of the people her son rescued . "  It was very hard for me to come here ... but I wanted to do so , so I could say thank you to his parents , " Young said . The museum will open to the public May 21 . Also memorialized inside are the victims of the 1993 bombing at the World Trade Center . The museum and memorial plaza , which opened in 2011 , were built with $ 700 million in donations and tax dollars following construction problems and disputes over how best to remember the thousands of lives lost that day . The site , which has risen up from the ashes of suffering and tragedy , is expected to stand as a symbol of resilience , organizers said . It holds some 12,500 objects , 1,995 oral histories and 580 hours of film and video . 9/11 museum : Tragedy turns the mundane into memorial	NEW : Obama : "  No act of terror can match the strength or the character of our country " President Barack Obama attends September 11 Memorial Museum dedication Memorial will take visitors back to the day the twin towers fell The museum will open to the public May 21
CNN  -- After a fine display against Manchester City in the Champions League , Barcelona could n't back it up in La Liga . Combined with Real Madrid 's victory , it means Barcelona was knocked off top spot in Spain . Barcelona suffered just its third league loss of the campaign when it was beaten 3-1 at Real Sociedad , with manager Gerardo Martino sent off for complaining to the referee . When Lionel Messi equalized in the 36th minute , most everyone must have thought Barcelona would go on to claim all three points . But two goals in a five-minute spell early in the second half handed Sociedad -- now unbeaten in four games -- all three points . For once Barcelona failed to convert its possession -- 65 percent -- to goals and midfielder Andres Iniesta admitted Sociedad was the better side . "  Real played really well , " Iniesta told Barcelona 's website . "  They were better than us , we were always trailing them . "  I do n't know if this is a step back , but the feelings after the match are n't good . We did n't interpret the game like we were supposed to , and we paid for it . Real had a better approach . "  This defeat should n't make us give up . We have to work hard and turn this situation around . There are many points left , and we have games against direct rivals . " Atletico Madrid can join city rival Real Madrid atop the standings and on 63 points , three more than Barcelona , if it wins Sunday . Barcelona defender Gerard Pique was n't too concerned , though . "  We 're just one game off being league leaders so it 's not too troubling , " he said . "  These things can happen . When you attack it 's possible for them to score . Sometimes you do n't feel comfortable on the pitch . " Cristiano Ronaldo served the third game of his three-game suspension for Real Madrid but it did n't stop Real Madrid from easing past Elche 3-0 at home . Gareth Bale , who has struggled since moving to Spain from England 's Tottenham , scored his team 's second goal with a long-range effort into the top corner . "  Bale did n't have confidence before scoring his great goal and after that he was totally different , " Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  I am satisfied because we did n't concede . Our play could have been better but at this stage of the season we need to be solid and we were . " Hamburg stunner Hamburg escaped the relegation zone in Germany in style , thumping fading Borussia Dortmund 3-0 at home in Mirko Slomka 's debut . Slomka replaced Dutchman Bert van Marwijk , who was sacked after Hamburg lost seven straight in the Bundesliga . Hakan Calhanoglu scored one of the goals of the season when he shot past keeper Roman Weidenfeller from near the halfway mark -- on a free kick . "  I practice  free kicks  every single day , " the Turkish under-20 international told the league 's website . "  If you do n't , then you lose or forget your shooting technique . That 's why I knew I could do it . I just thought to myself , ` Focus and hit it like in training . ' "  It was the best goal of my career . " Nurnberg scored two goals a minute apart in the second half to down last-place Eintracht Braunschweig but the game was notable for this : Three penalties were missed , a first in Bundesliga history . Bayer Leverkusen 's 3-1 loss to Wolfsburg meant idle Bayern Munich maintained its hefty 16-point lead in first . In Italy , Roma moved to within six points of leader Juventus with a 1-0 win at relegation threatened Bologna .	Barcelona suffers a rare defeat in Spain , losing at Real Sociedad Lionel Messi scores for Barca but it 's not enough to prevent a 3-1 reverse Real Madrid leapfrogs Barcelona after coasting past Elche In Germany , a wonder goal helps Hamburg sink Borussia Dortmund
CNN  -- Costa Rica elected its first female president , as the ruling National Liberation Party claimed a historic victory . "  I want to thank the pioneering women who years ago opened the doors of politics in Costa Rica , " Laura Chinchilla said Sunday to flag-waving supporters in the capital , San Jose . "  My government will be open to all Costa Ricans of good faith . " Second-place candidate Otton Solis of the Citizen 's Action Party had conceded defeat earlier in the evening , as the PLN -- the Spanish acronym for the National Liberation Party party -- forged its way to a nearly 2-to-1 lead . Polls showed Chinchilla garnering 46.8 percent of the vote , with 84 percent of election sites reporting . Solis had 25.1 percent , while Otto Guevara of the Libertarian Movement had 20.9 percent . Election day was festive throughout the nation , with video footage showing supporters of the main presidential candidates dressed in their respective campaign colors . International observers interviewed on CNN affiliate Teletica compared the election scene to a festival . The festivities included election sites where children could vote in a mock presidential vote . The educational outreach let the children pick their candidate on a digital ballot not unlike the ones the rest of the electorate cast their votes with . Some 2.8 million Costa Ricans are eligible to vote . In addition to voting for president , Costa Ricans cast ballots for two vice presidents , 57 Congress members and 495 council members . The legacy of outgoing President Oscar Arias -- a Nobel laureate who leaves office a popular , if polarizing , leader -- has in many ways shaped the presidential race . Although he has given Costa Rica a larger role in foreign affairs through his involvement in seeking resolution to the political crisis in Honduras , but his style has rubbed some the wrong way . After casting his vote Sunday , Arias called the electoral process transparent and trustworthy . "  I would like to thank the Costa Rican people for filling the streets with color , " he said . CNN 's Roberto Pazos contributed to this report .	NEW : Chinchilla takes 46.8 percent of the vote , with most election sites reporting She thanks women in victory speech Solis bows out , as PLN took nearly 2-to-1 lead Election day was festive throughout nation
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said Monday that the situation over the massive Ebola outbreak in her country "  remains grave . " "  Our health delivery system is under stress . The international community could n't respond quickly , " Johnson Sirleaf told CNN 's Nima Elbagir in an interview . Liberia is one of three nations , including Guinea and Sierra Leone , at the center of the deadliest outbreak of Ebola in history . More than 1,500 people have died from the highly infectious virus since March . The World Health Organization has confirmed more than 3,000 cases and says the outbreak is still accelerating across West Africa . Johnson Sirleaf also extended the stay-at-home order for all nonessential government employees for another month on Monday , underscoring the still dangerous health conditions the Ebola virus is causing in the country . The order went into effect on July 30 . A statement on the President 's website said the order is still necessary as efforts to contain the spread of the often fatal virus continue . But Johnson Sirleaf sounded hopeful . She said conditions are slowly improving and that the world is responding to the epidemic , realizing the catastrophe that could unfold if the virus were to spread beyond Africa 's borders . In a positive sign over the weekend , the quarantine on the Township of West Point in the capital city of Monrovia was lifted on Saturday . Johnson Sirleaf ordered the quarantine lifted "  based on the advice of authorities of the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare , as well as consultations with local and international partners , " according to the online statement . She explained that "  the residents ' cooperation and support over the period heightened the decision to lift the embargo . " But the President also warned a bigger response is still needed to prevent the spread of the infectious virus and contain the threat . "  People now do n't see this as a Liberia or West Africa crisis . It could easily become a global crisis . " Johnson Sirleaf said the solution is for the global community to work in partnership with the affected nations to help them fight Ebola . "  We need that hope , we need that assistance . We need for the Liberians to know that this war can be won , " Johnson Sirleaf said . The West African nation of Senegal confirmed its first Ebola case last week , one week after closing its border with Guinea . Senegal is the fifth country in the region to report the Ebola virus .	President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf warns Liberia 's health system is under stress Stay-at-home order for all nonessential government workers extended Quarantine on Liberian township lifted on advice of health agency and others Johnson Sirleaf wants bigger response from international community
CNN  -- From krill to king crabs , the collapse of a 160-square-mile portion of the Wilkins Ice Shelf in Antarctica could mean many changes for wildlife at the bottom of the world . Krill may not be the most exotic of creatures , but climate change could affect them like any other animal . Most inhabitants of our planet will never get a firsthand look at a polar bear at the North Pole or a penguin at the South . But polar scientists already see changes in plants and animals from rapidly warming temperatures . "  Because of their extreme environments , they tend to be highly sensitive to temperature changes , " said marine biologist James McClintock of the University of Alabama at Birmingham . "  Therefore , what we see happening in the poles should be taken as warning of what may be coming elsewhere , " said McClintock , who studies the physiology and ecology of aquatic and marine invertebrates in Antarctica . Watch how the ice shelf is a sign of trouble " According to the U.S. National Snow and Ice Data Center , in the past 50 years , the western Antarctic peninsula has undergone the biggest temperature increase on Earth : up .9 degree Fahrenheit , or .5 degree Celsius , in each of the past five decades . How the ice is disappearing " Although krill may never be as majestic as whales or as adorable as penguins , these small shrimp-like crustaceans in the waters of the Antarctic are crucial to the region 's ecology . And they might be among the first in the animal kingdom to have to adapt to warming temperatures . Scientists already are observing declines in polar krill populations that could be tied to a decrease in annual winter sea ice . "  As babies , krill live under the sea ice and graze on microalgae . With a decline in sea ice , there is less habitat for young krill , " McClintock said . But there may be a non-global-warming explanation for the decrease . Once heavily hunted , humpback whales that feed on krill have made a comeback in Antarctic waters . So it is also possible that more whales are simply eating more of these tiny crustaceans . Another warming ocean event that scientists are studying closely is the migration of king crabs . Marine remotely operated vehicles have captured photos of these giant crabs on the Antarctic Slope , where underwater land starts to rise up to the southernmost continent . It 's the first time in tens of millions of years that these predators have appeared that close to Antarctica . Crabs and other marine invertebrates die when the water is too cold , because they can not flush magnesium out of their systems . But even slightly warmer seawater allows the animal to regulate that element . McClintock says that if these new predators keep moving , they could wipe out other Antarctic species . Snails , brittle stars , sea spiders and some marine worms have evolved without armor and other protections they would need to survive alongside the king crab . Scientists studying Adelie penguins on Antarctica 's western peninsula see that species suffering major declines . Ironically , an increase in snowfall could be among the most dangerous "  warming " effects for this animal . "  In Antarctica , as the air temperature warms up , the humidity rises and the ability of snowfall to occur increases , " McClintock said . That snowfall can affect the mortality of penguin eggs . Another possible impact of climate change in the Antarctic is acidification . Seawater has long been known to be good at absorbing carbon dioxide . But one effect of that absorption is that it turns the ocean water more acidic . Organisms that make shells or have skeletons that are exposed to seawater , such as clams , snails and sea butterflies , could see their shells dissolve in water that is too acidic . Plants and animals that have survived and thrived in the brutal conditions of Antarctica for millions of years have had to make plenty of adjustments . "  Wildlife will be impacted , but they are pretty adept at dealing with a topsy-turvy world , " said Ted Scambos , lead scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center . "  The ecosystem is pretty resilient , " he said . Scambos first spotted the disintegration of the Wilkins Ice Shelf in February . He cautions that the poles will be the leading edge of what 's happening in the rest of the world as global warming continues . "  Even though they seem far away , changes in the polar regions could have an impact on both hemispheres with sea level rise and changes in climate patterns , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Biologist says polar animals are incredibly sensitive to temperature changes Expert : Changes "  should be taken as warning of what may be coming elsewhere " The temperature in the western Antarctic is up .9 degree Fahrenheit Krill may be among the first animals to have to adapt to warming temperatures
CNN  -- Filmmaker and activist Jose Antonio Vargas and 10 others asked the U.S. government on Wednesday to halt deportation proceedings against undocumented immigrants like themselves who have strong and productive ties to the United States . In a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson , they requested that he defer such punitive action and then ask President Barack Obama to consider "  administrative relief " to those "  who are integral members of our evolving American community . " Vargas and the others said in their letter that they represent just a few of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States . "  Often , we 're treated as abstractions , nameless and faceless , subjects of debate rather than individuals with families , hopes , fears , and dreams , " they wrote . "  Over the past decades , we have been working , worshiping in churches , going to school , and contributing to the communities we call home . We love , fight for , and pledge allegiance to an America whose flag does not recognize us , " they added . In a statement , Johnson 's office did not mention the letter , but said he has "  been taking a hard look " at "  tough issues " around shortcomings in immigration policy and working to submit recommendations to Obama within "  the confines of existing law . " Customs and Border Patrol agents detained Vargas , also an award-winning journalist , last month in McAllen , Texas , after learning of his immigration status . Immigration question : How far can the President go on executive actions ? He was there to call attention to the plight of tens of thousands of migrant youth from Central America , many of them unaccompanied , who have streamed across the southern border this year . The surge has strained border services and reignited the debate over immigration reform in Washington , a cause that Vargas promotes . A decision by Johnson to grant the request would delay any deportation proceedings with the hope that Obama would then use his executive authority to expand deportation protections or that Congress would agree to an overhaul of immigration law . Obama used his executive authority in 2012 to grant work authorization for two years or more for those who came to the United States as children . Vargas missed the age eligibility by only months . With Congress divided , Obama to go his own way on immigration Vargas became an immigration reform advocate in 2011 when he revealed he was undocumented in a column for The New York Times Magazine . He came to the United States from the Philippines when he was 12 after his family paid for forged documents and a smuggler to bring him to the states . Vargas lived with his grandparents and later became a journalist . He is the creator of ` Documented , ' a film chronicling his life as an undocumented immigrant that aired on CNN .	Filmmaker and activist Jose Antonio Vargas and others write to DHS secretary They seek deferred action on deportations for those like themselves with strong ties to U.S. Vargas was detained by the border patrol in Texas last month He was in the state to draw attention to the plight of migrant youth crossing the border
Excellent ! Alex Winter , who played Bill S. Preston Esq. in 1989 's "  Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure " and 1991 's "  Bill & Ted 's Bogus Journey , " said plans for the pair 's third movie are coming along -- and Keanu Reeves , who played Ted "  Theodore " Logan , is also on board . "  Bill and Ted  will be 40-something , and it 's all about Bill and Ted grown up , or not grown up , " Winter told Yahoo . "  It 's really sweet and really f *** ing funny . " The films star Winter and Reeves as two slacker friends who find out that they 're key to a utopian future -- but first they have to pass a history test . In the first film , thanks to the intercession of Rufus  George Carlin  , the two travel through history and gather notables such as Napoleon , Genghis Khan and Abraham Lincoln , allowing them to breeze through . In the second film , the two face off against Death -- though , instead of playing him in a "  Seventh Seal " - type chess match , the two choose to challenge Death to games of Battleship and Twister . The first film was an unlikely success , Winter recalled in April . "  I hate to say it , but we kind of gave up on the movie , " Winter told the UK 's Guardian . "  It was much closer to the chopping block than anyone knows . " Winter did n't say who would take the place of Carlin , who died in 2008 , but told Yahoo there will be "  many versions of ourselves in this movie . " The bigger challenge , he added , was that the earlier films have such a large fan base and expectations are high . "  The thing we had going against us is that word got out , " he explains . "  That was kind of a bummer . It just takes a long time to put a movie together . Now we 're having to build this thing in public , which is fine . I just feel bad  the fans  have to get dragged through this long , boring , protracted process . " Winter is currently featured in the film "  Grand Piano . "	Alex Winter says a third "  Bill & Ted " movie is still in the works Winter and Keanu Reeves will reprise their roles The characters are slacker metalheads who create an amazing future
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick as Barcelona won a nine-goal thriller , 5-4 against Deportivo La Coruna at the Estadio Municipal de Riazor on Saturday and go three clear at the top of La Liga . Tito Vilanova 's side looked to have the game wrapped up as early as the 18th minute when Lionel Messi scored Barca 's third goal after Jordi Alba and Cristain Tello had netted in the opening 10 minutes . But Deportivo responded with two goals of their own . First , Portugal forward Pizzi converted from the penalty spot in the 26th minute followed by an Alex Bergantinos effort 11 minutes later . Barca were back in control by halftime as Messi bagged his second of the night to give the visitors a 4-2 lead . The home side reduced the deficit to one goal immediately after halftime with Pizzi scoring a second before Messi completed his hat-trick in the 77th minute . His teasing run followed by a thumping low drive past keeper Daniel Aranzubia looked to have finally settled matters . But Jodi Alba 's own goal two minutes later once again threw the result into doubt . Urged on by their supporters , Deportivo searched for an equalizer but Barcelona clung on for the three points . Real Madrid enjoyed a comfortable victory 2-0 over Celta Vigo at the Bernabau on Saturday . A 10th minute goal from Gonzalo Higuain and a Cristiano Ronaldo penalty midway through the second half ensured Jose Mourinho 's side continue their rise up the table after a sluggish start to the season . Madrid have now taken 13 points from their last four league games while newly promoted Celta continue their run of up and down form -- they have yet to draw this season -- and stay on nine points and currently lie 13th in the table . Malaga bounced back from defeat against Atletico Madrid earlier in the month with a battling 2-1 win over Real Valladolid at the Estadio La Rosaleda . The visitors took the lead in the ninth minute thanks to Manucho before Isco equalized five minutes before the break . Valladolid were reduced to 10 men for the final ten minutes of the game when Manucho received a second yellow card for a foul and Malaga took full advantage with Joaquin scoring an 87th-minute winner . The win means Malaga maintain their grip on third place with 17 points from eight matches . Second-place Atletico Madrid travel to Real Sociedad on Sunday . Meanwhile in Serie A , Juventus put daylight between themselves and second-placed Napoli with a 2-0 win . Uruguay 's Jose Caceres and French teenager Paul Pogba both came off the bench to score late goals for the reigning champions and extend their unbeaten record in the league this season while bringing Napoli 's to an end . The win means Juventus are now three points clear at the top of the table having taken 22 points from their opening eight games . Napoli remain in second on 19 points . Third-placed Lazio moved clear of Inter Milan  who play Catania on Sunday  with a 3-2 win over AC Milan at the Stadio Olimpico . The home side stormed into a 3-0 lead thanks to goals from Brazilian midfielder Hernanes  25th minute  Antonio Candreva  41st minute  and Miroslav Klose  50th minute  . Milan looked dead and buried but mounted a spirited comeback with Nigel de Jong pulling a goal back in the 61st minute and striker Stephan El Shaarawy 's 79th minute strike setting up a tense climax . Despite their best efforts , Milan could n't find an equalizer , leaving last year 's runners-up mid-table with just seven points from eight games .	Messi hat-trick inspires Barcelona to 5-4 win over Deportivo La Coruna Real Madrid continue recent good form with 2-0 win against Celta Vigo Malaga maintain grip on third coming from a goal down to beat Real Valladolid 2-1 Juventus beat Napoli to go three clear at top of table ; AC Milan slump to 3-2 defeat at Lazio
CNN  -- Jurors in the DWI trial of Kerry Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , on Monday watched the seemingly disoriented defendant allegedly failing three sobriety tests on video recorded by a police vehicle dashboard camera after her July 2012 accident in New York . Kennedy , also former wife of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , faces a charge of driving while intoxicated , accused of driving erratically and striking a tractor-trailer on the morning of July 13 , 2012 , on an interstate in Westchester . She later tested positive for zolpidem , a sleep aid also known by the brand name Ambien , according to testimony . Kennedy claims she took the medication accidentally when she mixed up medicine bottles . She could serve up to one year in prison if convicted . Her attorney , Gerald Lefcourt , told the jury that while Kennedy does not expect any advantage because of her famous last name , she should not be punished because of it . Among her supporters were brothers Robert Jr. and Douglas Kennedy , and their mother Ethel Kennedy , 85 , who was pushed in a wheelchair inside the Westchester County Courthouse in White Plains . A jury of four men and two women was seated last week , along with two male alternates . During opening statements , Assistant District Attorney Stefanie DeNise said that even if Kennedy , 54 , had taken the sleep aid unintentionally , she had a responsibility to pull her Lexus SUV off the road safely when she began to feel its effects . Lefcourt disputed that argument , saying Kennedy had no time to react . "  The zolpidem kicks in , it shuts her down , she 's in a state of ` sleep driving , ' " he said . Lefcourt told the panel that his client has a legal prescription for the sleep medication to help her as she travels internationally on behalf of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights . Judge Robert Neary interrupted Lefcourt when he began to describe Kennedy 's humanitarian work against sexual slavery and poverty and asked him to comment only on the evidence in the case . Jurors also heard from a motorist who witnessed Kennedy 's vehicle swerving off the road repeatedly and another witness who later found her slumped over the steering wheel in the turn lane of an intersection , apparently "  passed out . " The prosecution will continue its case Tuesday morning with the testimony of a New York State Police trooper trained as a drug-recognition expert . Lefcourt has said Kennedy will testify in the trial , which is expected to last for several days .	Jurors watch video of Kerry Kennedy allegedly failing 3 sobriety tests Kennedy had no time to react to effects of zolpidem , a sleep aid , lawyer says Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , was in an accident in 2012 She was under the influence of zolpidem -- brand name Ambien -- New York State Police say
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Michael Holmes vividly remembers the 2004 attack that killed two of his colleagues in Iraq . CNN  -- There has been some disturbing video out of Georgia the past few days , some of which brought back pretty awful memories for me personally . Journalists are being shot at , and not by accident . Let 's be clear : There 's no comparing what the media 's been going through to what Georgian civilians have endured since the conflict with Russia began . For a start , we choose to be there . But the apparent targeting of people who are clearly journalists is always galling . First , there was video of a reporter for Georgian public television getting shot in the forearm while preparing to go live . She was pretty lucky , actually ; I heard at least four shots on the video , and her reaction time after getting hit was n't great . Also , she was n't wearing a flak jacket  no , it would n't have helped her forearm , but if one of those other three shots had been slightly more accurate , it may have saved her life  . She donned the body armor only after the incident was over , and none of her crew appeared to be wearing protection . Not smart . Granted , not every media outlet can afford top-level protection , but I ca n't imagine a CNN crew being in that position without flak jackets on and without a security presence of our own . The one positive was I could see her wound being treated with a pressure bandage , so at least the crew was carrying some medical equipment . The other incident was far more dramatic and potentially deadly . Turkish journalists came under sustained fire as they drive near Tshinvali . Multiple rounds struck the windshield and sunroof . One of the journalists was shot in the eye but survived . The others -- incredibly -- were unharmed . How more were n't hurt or killed seems amazing when you watch the video . Watch the journalists come under fire " Having traveled in some dodgy places over the years  Rwanda in ' 94 , Afghanistan in ' 02 , Northern Ireland , the West Bank and Gaza multiple times and nine trips to Iraq  , I can empathize with those men . In fact , I admit to a physical reaction to that video : a pang in my guts . The sounds , the sight of glass breaking and holes "  appearing " in the windshield , the yelling , the almost tangible fear you could sense inside that vehicle . I 've no doubt they thought they were going to die . No doubt it 's because I 've been where they were . Back in the earlier stages of the Iraq war , the media could still be "  unilateral " -- that is , travel independently of the military . On January 27 , 2004 , our two-car convoy was returning to Baghdad from an assignment in Hillah , in the south of the country . I was in the front vehicle , right rear seat , talking to my cameraman Scotty McWhinnie seated next to me , when we heard a thud and a whistle and saw a hole appear in the windshield . A bullet had just traveled through the rear , between our heads , and out the front of the car . Our two vehicles were under attack , at high speed , by two other vehicles . We both swung our heads around and saw several things at once . First , our second vehicle , containing driver and friend Yasser Khatab and my translator Duraid Issa Mohammad , swerving off the road , the windshield red with their blood . They 'd been hit by the second attack vehicle . As we later learned , they were already dead . In that same few seconds , we saw the man who wanted us dead , too . He was standing through the sunroof of another vehicle , firing an AK-47 with armor-piercing rounds . Bang . Bang . Bang . Glass smashing , yells , our security man screaming for us to "  get down " in far more colorful language than I can say here . Laying across the seat , trying to be "  small , " pulling Scotty down on my lap , realizing he 'd been shot in the head and bleeding profusely . Watching our security man half out the window , firing back . The noise . I 'll never forget the noise level . I 've been in numerous firefights , heard plenty of bombs and bangs . This was different . We were n't "  caught in the middle " of something . These guys wanted us dead . It was personal . Until a situation like that , you accept the risks of war reporting . You feel you 're doing a worthwhile job , and I still feel that way . But at that precise moment , I remember thinking , "  What the HELL am I doing here ? " And then laying there , listening to the cacophony , watching our security guy still firing , wondering what it would feel like when a bullet eventually hit my body . It lasted perhaps 30 seconds , maybe a little more . It felt like two hours . Do n't ever debate with me the "  ethics " of journalists having armed guards in war zones . I have some pretty strong views on it . CNN has always taken seriously security and , equally important , medical training for its staff . Ours kicked in in the moments after the shooting stopped . I had immediate access to a fully stocked medical kit . After examining Scotty and confirming that the bullet had n't entered his skull , and with the help of producer Shirley Hung , I applied a pressure bandage to stem the bleeding as we raced to a U.S. military base for more treatment . Our security man was still on high alert . He could n't help , so we had to do it ourselves . Before leaving for a conflict region , all CNN staff members go through pretty rigorous training and are equipped with personal medical packs , body armor , helmets , etc. . In addition , our security personnel are trained medics and carry full backpack of medical equipment . If the unthinkable happens , we stand a chance . My thoughts are with those Turkish colleagues today . I know how they feel . And I still think of Duraid and Yasser . Every single day .	The targeting of people who are there to observe is galling , Holmes writes Images of Georgia attacks bring back devastating memories Holmes recalls being attacked in Iraq in 2004 and losing two friends Journalists should always have security in war zones , he says
Three days of intensive talks about Iran 's nuclear program concluded early Sunday without an agreement , though key players insisted they believed the process is moving in the right direction . "  A lot of concrete progress has been achieved , but some differences remain , " European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told reporters in Geneva , Switzerland . Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif echoed that sentiment , saying "  hopefully we will be able to reach an agreement when we meet again . " "  I think we are all on the same wavelength , and that 's important , " Zarif said . "  And that gives us the impetus to go forward . " The inclusion of top diplomats such as Zarif , Ashton and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry left some thinking that this latest meeting could lead to a breakthrough to satisfy the international community 's desire that Iran not develop a nuclear weapon and , with that , a relaxation of crippling sanctions on the Middle Eastern nation . That did n't prove to be the case this time , though the parties -- including Zarif and Ashton -- will meet again November 20 . Both Ashton and Zarif fielded questions posited on the assumption France blocked a resolution this time around . But neither singled out any one party , with the Iranian foreign minister saying differences among the countries are only "  natural ... when we start dealing with the detail . " "  We had a very good three days , a very productive three days , " Zarif said . "  And it 's something that we can build on . " Kerry also voiced optimism , saying , "  I can tell you , without any exaggeration , we not only narrowed differences but we made significant progress . ... There 's no question in my mind that we are closer now . " At the same , the top U.S. diplomat cautioned against jumping into any agreement that everyone is not comfortable with -- especially given the complicated , technical details to deal with and the need to "  build confidence between countries that have really been at odds with each other for a long time now . " "  Diplomacy takes time , and all the parties here need time to fully consider the issues , " Kerry said . Israel-Palestinian relations hit new snags as Kerry visits Jerusalem Iranian president : West should n't miss ` unique opportunity ' It is widely believed that Iran harbors aspirations to produce nuclear weapons . Repeated findings by U.N. weapons inspectors indicate that the country appeared to be conducting nuclear weapons research . Iran has always maintained that its nuclear program is for purely peaceful purposes . Even though Iran has denied working toward nuclear weapons , it has said it will not submit to any plan that would totally eliminate its nuclear program . For years , international leaders have been fearful of the instability a nuclear-armed Iran could bring to the Middle East . Those fears , for example , include the possibility of a pre-emptive Israeli strike that could spark a broader conflict . In the past , Iran has threatened Israel with military attack . Iran has been under crippling U.N. sanctions related to its nuclear program since 2006 , and those sanctions have hobbled the nation 's economy . The United States first sanctioned Iran over its nuclear program in 2000 . The relatively sudden progress in recent meetings -- after years of stalemate -- follows a slight thaw in relations between Iran and the West under the newly elected President Hassan Rouhani . Rouhani , himself , weighed in Saturday from afar , taking to Twitter to say "  the West should not miss this unique opportunity . " Saying the Iranian delegation was participating in Geneva "  with strong will & determination , " Rouhani tweeted that "  one of the slogans the Iranian nation has embraced is that of ` constructive interaction with the world . ' " The Iranian president also spoke at a meeting with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida , contending that resolving the nuclear issue will "  help restore stability and tranquility to the entire region . " "  The negotiating parties should bear in their mind that this opportunity was created following recent presidential election in Iran as the Iranian peopled called for establishing a constructive interaction with the world , " Rouhani said , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Iran 's nuclear capabilities Israel : ` Bad deal ' Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is not involved in the talks , warned that an agreement is "  the deal of a century for Iran " but a "  very dangerous and bad deal for peace . " "  It 's a very bad deal , " he said . "  Iran is not required to take apart even one centrifuge . But the international community is relieving sanctions on Iran for the first time after many years . Iran gets everything that it wanted at this stage and pays nothing . " A senior Israeli government official says Israel backs a diplomatic solution that would dismantle Iran 's military nuclear program , "  dismantling all the centrifuges , the removal of the enriched uranium and the closure of the heavy water reactor . " If Iran wants nuclear power "  for civilian purposes , as it claims , it has no need for centrifuges and heavy water . These are only required to produce nuclear weapons . Like 17 other countries in the world  e.g. Canada and Indonesia  , she can do this without a centrifuge and without a heavy water reactor , " the Israeli official said . A heavy water reactor at Arak , which weapons experts warn could be used to process weapons-grade plutonium , is under construction and could be activated early next year . Once the reactor is activated , it could be dangerous to incapacitate . Responding to Netanyahu 's remarks , British Foreign Secretary William Hague asked for trust and understanding . "  We have n't done the deal yet . We have n't made this deal yet . So I think everybody will have to comment on it if and when we reach a successful conclusion , and make their judgment about it then . So I 'd ask everyone to be patient and to wait for us to arrive at that conclusion if we can . " Hague stressed that any agreement would "  require some flexibility on all sides . " He is cautiously optimistic , citing the mood among diplomats . "  The atmosphere of these negotiations , as others have told you before , is completely different from the atmosphere of a few months ago . Clearly , dealing with these ministers from Iran is a different experience from the recent past . So a lot of progress has been made , but it 's too early to say that we will reach a successful conclusion today , " Hague said . Graham : New sanctions on Iran needed U.S. officials outline possible deal Two senior U.S. administration officials said that , under the potential deal , Iran would agree : • to stop enriching nuclear fuel to 20 % purity . • to render unusable most of its existing stockpile of such fuel . • not to use advanced IR-2 centrifuges , which can enrich nuclear fuel five times faster than older centrifuges . • not to activate a plutonium reactor at Arak . In turn , the P5 +1 would agree : • to unfreeze some Iranian assets held in banks overseas . • to consider easing sanctions banning trade in gold , precious metals and petrochemicals . Other sweeteners were also under consideration , they said . One of the officials said the deal is designed to "  stop Iran 's progress by stopping the shortening of time by which they could build a nuclear weapon " while providing temporary , reversible sanctions relief to Iran . That official cautioned that the deal is not done but said it could happen if the Iranians agree to the P5 +1 's demands . The P5 +1 or EU3 +3 -- comprises the United States , France , Britain , Russia , China and Germany	U.S. secretary of state says "  diplomacy takes time " Iran 's foreign minister says the meetings are "  something that we can build on " EU official : "  Concrete progress has been achieved , but ... differences remain " This marks the latest movement after years of stalemate on Iran 's nuclear program
The South Sudanese government and rebels signed a cease-fire deal on Thursday after more than a month of fighting , according to the Intergovernmental Authority on Development , an East African trade bloc that has been helping to mediate between the parties . The government and the rebels reached the agreement in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa . It calls for an immediate end to all military operations and a freeze of forces at the "  place they are in . " The parties also agreed not to attack civilians and to refrain from rape , sexual abuse and torture . Supply routes for humanitarian aid are to be opened to reach displaced populations . The agreement also sets up an unarmed group of monitors that includes members from surrounding East African nations and representatives from both the rebels and the government . Their job will be to ensure that the cease-fire agreement is effective . According to the official document , the cease-fire begins Friday , 24 hours after its signing . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed hope that a peace deal will "  provide good opportunities for South Sudanese , and the people around this country who have been suffering . " Support for peace talks also came from U.S. President Barack Obama who called on both parties to adhere to a separate detainee agreement , which was also signed as part of the cease-fire deal . "  The full participation of political detainees currently being held by the Government of South Sudan will be critical to those discussions , and we will continue to work to expedite their release , " the White House statement said . South Sudan erupted in violence on December 15 when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup . Violence quickly spread , with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide . Some of the heaviest fighting was over control of Bor , the strategically located capital of Jonglei state . It was recaptured by government forces last week . The mayor said between 1,200 and 1,400 civilians were killed when rebels held Bor between December 17 and 24 . In a statement , the trade bloc said the cease-fire is an important milestone , but more shuttle diplomacy is needed before the next phase of peace talks can begin . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war , making it the world 's youngest nation .	South Sudan 's government and rebels agree on a cease-fire brokered by East African mediation group Fighting broke out December 15 after rebels tried to stage a coup Cease-fire calls for an end to all military operations and the protection of civilians Unarmed group of monitors will be set up to ensure the agreement sticks
CNN  A 20-year-old man from the St. Louis area has been arrested in connection with the shooting of two police officers during last week 's protests in Ferguson , Missouri , a prosecutor said Sunday . Jeffrey Williams was arrested late Saturday , and he has been charged with two counts of first-degree assault , a count of firing a weapon from a vehicle and three counts of armed criminal activity , St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch said at a news conference in Clayton . "  The demonstrations were pretty much over  when the officers were shot  . People were leaving , and that 's when this happened , " he said , describing Williams as a demonstrator who had taken part in protests on numerous occasions . At the time of his arrest , Williams was on probation for receiving stolen property , and McCulloch said he believed Williams had an outstanding warrant after not reporting to his probation officer for several months . The prosecutor repeatedly thanked the public for the information that led to the arrest . He also said that , because of the public 's assistance in the case , police were able to serve a search warrant on Williams ' residence where they seized a .40 - caliber handgun , "  which has been tied to the shell casings that were recovered " at the scene of the shooting . Williams is being held on a cash-only $ 300,000 bond , McCulloch said , adding that it 's possible Williams could face more charges and that others could be charged in the case . One element of the case that authorities have yet to sort out is intent , McCulloch said , adding that Williams has acknowledged firing the shots but has said he was n't aiming at the police officers . Investigators are not sure they "  buy " Williams ' claim that he opened fire after a dispute with other individuals , McCulloch said , but he did n't rule it out . "  It 's possible he was firing at someone else , " he said , urging any other witnesses with information to come forward . Bishop Derrick Robinson , an area organizer , challenged the idea that Williams was a well-known protester . "  I asked him  Williams  why would he say that he was a protester because it makes us look bad -- because so many things that we 've done to rebuild our community . It sets us like five steps back to say that it was a protester who did it , but he admitted to me that he 'd never protested , " said Robinson , who spoke to Williams on Sunday . Robinson added : "  We wo n't allow this to distract us from our mission , and from purpose , because we will continue to fight . " The shootings occurred Wednesday night . The shots rang out from a hill overlooking the city 's police station shortly after midnight Wednesday , at the end of a protest against the Ferguson Police Department , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said at the time . Officers saw "  muzzle flashes ... about 125 yards away , " Belmar said . "  We could have buried two police officers , " Belmar told reporters last week . "  I feel very confident that whoever did this ... came there for whatever nefarious reason that it was . " Public donations poured in to be used toward a reward to find the gunman and any accomplices , Belmar said . Authorities offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of person or persons responsible for the gunfire upon the two officers , according to the St. Louis Regional CrimeStoppers website . McCulloch said the tipster whose information led to Williams ' arrest is eligible to receive the reward . He declined to provide any information on the tipster or the nature of the tip . Protesters said they had nothing to do with the shooting , saying the demonstrators believe in nonviolence . "  As the protest was dying down , someone , somewhere got violent . Now who they were and what group they were affiliated with , we do n't know , " said Antonio French , a St. Louis alderman . "  In no way are they representative of the thousands of people ... who have been protesting . " Belmar believes someone targeted the police , who have faced heated criticism for months , he said . "  These police officers were standing there , and they were shot just because they were police officers , " he said . The department has been under fire since one of its officers , Darren Wilson , shot and killed African-American teen Michael Brown in August , and more recently since a scathing U.S. Department of Justice report documented a pattern of racial discrimination . Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned Wednesday . "  We are actively addressing the issues that have raised concerns of fairness and fair treatment . We support peaceful protesting . However , we will not allow , nor tolerate , the destructive and violent actions of a few to disrupt our unifying efforts , " the mayor of Ferguson and the City Council said in a statement Sunday . While the demonstrators ' focus was Ferguson , neither of the wounded officers works for that police department . One is from Webster Groves , a St. Louis suburb 13 miles south of Ferguson . The officer -- a 32-year-old with seven years ' experience -- was shot at the high point of his cheek , just under his right eye , Belmar said . The other was hit in the shoulder and the bullet came out the middle of his back , Belmar said . He is a 41-year-old officer with the St. Louis County Police Department , who has been in law enforcement for 14 years . Both men were treated and released . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Ed Payne , Carma Hassan , Sara Sidner , Greg Botelho , Catherine E. Shoichet , Holly Yan , Joe Sutton , Sara Sidner , Jason Carroll , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , Don Lemon , Tina Burnside and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	Jeffrey Williams , 20 , is charged with two counts of first-degree assault , prosecutor says Prosecutor thanks public for leading police to .40 - caliber allegedly used in shooting Officers shot after protests in Ferguson ; neither officer from Ferguson Police Department
Bensalem , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- About 100 vehicles were involved in a series of wrecks on the eastbound Pennsylvania Turnpike just north of Philadelphia on Friday morning , injuring at least 30 people and causing a traffic backup for hours over parts of two counties , officials said . Glare from the rising sun and ice -- left over from a storm that dropped snow and freezing rain in the Philadelphia area -- might have been factors , state police Trooper Adam Reed said . The wrecks started around 8:25 a.m. ET with a 14 - or 15-vehicle collision in southern Bucks County , not far from New Jersey state line , said Bill Capone , spokesman for the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission . About 20 more sets of wrecks stretching for miles occurred on the turnpike , said Pat Ponticelli , Bensalem Township 's deputy director of public safety . Each apparently happeed as traffic slowed for crashes ahead . In a number of areas , smashed vehicles were piled into each other with their front ends pointing in different directions , aerial video from CNN affiliate WPVI showed . In one spot , at least nine vehicles appeared to be crunched in a jumbled group behind a tractor-trailer . In another , a couple of vehicles had come to rest against a jackknifed truck . Thirty people were hurt , including five with serious , but non-life-threatening injuries , Reed said . More than half of those injured were taken to Abington Memorial Hospital , where they were diagnosed with minor to moderate injuries , Dr. John J. Kelly , the chief of staff , said . "  I think we really saw mostly what we would call soft-tissue injuries , bumps and scrapes type of injuries , " he said . Traffic was moving again in one affected section of the turnpike by 2 p.m. , video from CNN affiliate KYW showed . Pennsylvania State Police said it hoped to have the road fully open by 5 p.m. Heather Pasco , a driver involved in one of the crashes , told KYW that she thought she was a goner . Pasco said she had stopped her car after she saw "  cars bouncing off of the center divider . " Although she stopped , a truck behind her did n't , she said . "  I looked in my rearview mirror , and there was a big ... truck right behind me , and he was trying to stop , but he was sliding and he slammed right into the back of me , which then made me slam into the car in front of me , " she told KYW . "  I saw him  in the mirror  , and I thought I was done , " Pasco added . "  The entire back end of my car is gone . " Police told her that her wreck was about 3.5 miles behind the initial crash , she said . She said the road , after snow and freezing rain had fallen in the area , was n't "  really plowed very well . " Traffic was backed up for miles , stretching west into adjacent Montgomery County . CNN 's John Newsome , Lena Jakobsson and John Fricke contributed to this report .	NEW : A number of the victims suffered soft-tissue injuries , a doctor says Crash victim says truck sandwiched her car into another vehicle ; ' I thought I was done ' At least 30 people are taken to hospitals , turnpike commission says About 100 vehicles crash on Pennsylvania Turnpike north of Philadelphia , official says
CNN  -- Gabrielle Giffords submitted her resignation as a U.S. representative from Arizona before Congress on Wednesday , and an initial reaction might be a sense of despair about her decision to step aside . Many have imposed a narrative of national recovery on Giffords ' ability to run for her office again and take her oath in a clear strong voice . But in this case , it would be a mistake to confuse holding public office with redemption . A congressional seat is not supposed to be a plot point for Hollywood endings , and by passing up the chance to run again , Giffords has demonstrated a respect for the principles of representative democracy . The authors of the Constitution intended Congress to be a rotating body , free from the cults of personality and lifetime sinecures that characterized European governance . Although it is human nature to see a kind of triumph in being able to come back to one 's job after an injury , Giffords understands that the office belonged not to her but to southern Arizona . She made the decision after a year of rehabilitation , and she deserved that time to make a hard call with the best evidence . Her choice this week recalls an old observation of Harry Truman , who said he always tried to remember that the crowds cheering and the bands playing "  Hail to the Chief " were not for him personally . They were for the office of the presidency . The office of Congress may also be too small for Giffords . This is a body that commands the respect of 8 % of the electorate : a record low . And despite the illusion of glamour that surrounds it , the actual work can be physically taxing and spiritually dreary . Traveling back and forth from Washington each week , visiting the House floor multiple times a day for procedural votes , sweet-talking big donors , finding positions that will please the district without making you feel like a sellout -- all of these can take their toll . After her bruising re-election fight of 2010 -- one of the nastiest races in recent local memory , with an eerie pallor of violence hanging over it -- Giffords herself doubted whether she wanted the job much longer . She now has a golden opportunity to start a "  Gabrielle Giffords Institute " for the study of gun violence or mental health care reform or solar energy or whatever public policy issue she wants to emphasize . Her moral authority and influence may be better used outside the halls of Congress , where she would have been inevitably fettered by the daily grind of politics and partisanship . In her video announcement , she said : "  I will return , and we will work together for Arizona and this great country . " And we should take her at her word , even if that does n't mean a return to elective office . To be sure , this is not the future anyone would have wanted . There is enormous cruelty in her injury -- the robbery of her ability to speak -- which was one of her truly exceptional qualities . I remember thinking near the end of her first campaign for Congress , in 2006 , that the only thing that could deny her a victory over her maladroit opponent would be some kind of epic goof made during a campaign rally or a debate -- a vague exclamation taken out of context or a damaging statement made in passion . But such a possibility was remote . "  Gabrielle does n't really make mistakes , " I told a friend . She possessed a preternaturally strong sense of control over her words . This was also true in private conversation . Giffords had that quality , cherished among leaders , to gauge the emotional temperature of the person she was with and adjust her own bearing accordingly . There were many times in our friendship when she managed to say the unexpectedly perfect thing in the moment : a key piece of advice , a joke , an anecdote that had precise relevance . There is a picture of her that is difficult for me to view . It is the last photograph of her taken before the 16 seconds of gunfire that would change everything . She is standing in front of the Safeway on January 8 , 2011 , looking intently at a middle-aged woman named Doris Tucker , who had been next in line to speak with her In back of her is the plate-glass front of the grocery store on which the smeary reflections of a few people are visible . Out of this crowd a gunman was about to emerge . But what dominates the frame is Giffords ' expression , one of wordless concentration and interest in what Tucker was saying . It was a look that I knew well . The loss of her ability to find the words in conversation easily is an awful blow . But the Giffords I know wo n't surrender the primary motivating force in her life , which is the urge to make a difference in the public sphere and to use her talents to make life better for those around her . That was what motivated her first run for Congress five years ago . She is leaving national elective office in the same way she came in : with class and dignity . It would be a mistake to think of this as a defeat because it is not the neat Hollywood ending we had hoped for . This is not Hollywood . And this is not an ending . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Zoellner .	Tom Zoellner : We have put a narrative of national recovery on Giffords ' ability to run again By stepping down , Giffords shows a respect for principles of democracy , he says Her moral authority and influence may be better used outside Congress , Zoellner says Zoellner : Her driving motivation is to make a positive difference in public life , and she will
Hailey , Idaho  CNN  -- In the days after Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was released from nearly five years in captivity , yellow ribbons and banners celebrating his release decorated the main street , red-bricked storefronts of his hometown . A sense of relief and excitement filled the air : Bergdahl would soon be home . But more than four months after Bergdahl returned to the United States , the ribbons and banners are gone . This town 's relationship with the saga of their homegrown prisoner of war is complicated . "  We 're done . We 're over it , " Hailey Mayor Fritz Haemmerle said as he denied CNN 's request for an on-camera interview . "  We stood by the Bergdahl family to get Bowe home but we need to move on . " Inside a secure locker of the Hailey Police Department , there are boxes filled with thousands of letters for Bergdahl . The letters were sent to the White House as part of a "  Bring Bowe Home " campaign started through social media last November , just months before Bergdahl would be released . Stefanie O'Neill , a Bergdahl family friend , spearheaded the letter campaign . In three months , O'Neill said , several hundred thousand letters poured into the White House . A few of those boxes were eventually shipped to Idaho . O'Neill ca n't bring herself to throw the letters away . "  It means that people all over the world cared about Bowe , " O'Neill said . "  We would hope that he would like to read through them one day to see just how much he meant to so many people . " The boxes are a symbol of how the story of Bergdahl 's rescue did n't come with a triumphant homecoming . Bergdahl 's release on May 30 was instantly doused in controversy . Many of the soldiers who served with him accused the 28-year-old soldier of deserting his unit by walking off the Afghanistan base before he was captured . There was also intense criticism of the Obama administration for trading Bergdahl for five Taliban prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Bergdahl now sits in a sort of limbo . He has completed the Army 's formal reintegration program and continues psychological treatment . He is still assigned to a unit with U.S. Army North in San Antonio , performing "  administrative duties . " But Bergdahl is also waiting to hear if he 'll face any criminal charges in the military justice system . In August , he was questioned by Gen. Kenneth Dahl for two days . The Army announced on Friday that Dahl completed the initial report on his findings in the Bergdahl case . The report will now be reviewed by the director of the Army staff and senior Army leaders . "  This will be a lengthy process , " an Army spokesman wrote . "  It would be inappropriate to speculate on the potential results or the amount of time the review process will take to complete . " When news of Bergdahl 's release broke , his family and friends had hoped for a quick reunion . For nearly five years , the lives of Bergdahl 's parents had been consumed by the plight of their son . His father , Bob Bergdahl , has said he kept his clocks set to the time in Afghanistan . He grew a beard , to the dismay of many critics , to show solidarity with his son . Bob Bergdahl also taught himself Pashto , the language of his son 's captors , to communicate directly with the Taliban . In the days after his son 's release , critics used those details to accuse Bob Bergdahl of sympathizing with the Taliban . Bergdahl 's parents have declined all requests for interviews . Family friends say Bob Bergdahl has shaved his beard . But the expected family reunion never materialized and the Bergdahl family soon stopped answering questions about why Bowe Bergdahl was refusing to see his parents . Sources tell CNN that Bergdahl is now "  communicating " with his parents , but a face-to-face reunion still has not occurred . The sources would not elaborate on how Bergdahl is communicating with his family . Military officials have said Bergdahl has been given every opportunity to reunite with his family . Bergdahl 's attorney , Eugene Fidell , declined to talk about Bergdahl 's communication with his family . Bergdahl grew up among a tight-knit community of families in Hailey that home-schooled their children . Tim Kemery 's son was one of Bowe 's best friends . Kemery said Bowe Bergdahl was raised in an intensely religious atmosphere with a strict code of conduct . Around age 16 , Kemery said , Bergdahl left home and embarked on a series of adventures . "  No doubt it was some kind of rebellion , " Kemery said . But Kemery could n't say if that childhood rebellion was still a source of tension between Bergdahl and his family . He said he also wonders why the soldier has n't reunited with his parents . "  There may have been something there that was a bone of contention , " said Kemery . "  Maybe it 's the debriefing  reintegration process  or because he feels like he has let them down or for some other unknown reason he just does n't want to have that emotional recognition again of his parents . " Kemery said that as a child Bergdahl struggled to control his frustration and would often disappear for days at a time , building forts and hiking for miles into the Idaho wilderness . Kemery said he sees a parallel between the young Bowe he knew and the soldier accused by fellow soldiers of walking off his military base in Afghanistan in 2009 . "  Bowe did have a tendency to get really frustrated and just to walk off and throw up his hands , " said Kemery . Around Hailey , one often hears people asking the same question , will Bowe Bergdahl ever come back home ? Bergdahl must wait to hear what military commanders will determine about his fate . Will he be charged with a crime ? Will he be discharged ? Bergdahl 's lawyer has said the soldier would like to continue his education . Tim Kemery hopes he makes time to visit Idaho . "  We have a hunting trip waiting for him . We are going to talk about things around the fire , " said Kemery . CNN 's Jason Morris contributed to this report .	Bergdahl , held captive in Afghanistan , has been free since May People in his Idaho hometown worked to publicize him while he was hostage But his freedom came with questions and town mayor says it 's time to move on
It 's for just one congressional seat for about eight months , but Tuesday 's special election in Florida has taken on huge political significance . National Republicans are framing Tuesday 's special election as a referendum on Obamacare . But their message -- plus a flood of outside spending by Democrats focused on the issue of Social Security -- is drowning out other issues in the race , Republican candidate David Jolly says . His Democratic opponent , Alex Sink , is n't shying away from the health care debate , touting the law 's benefits and saying she 's open to improvements . Both parties are looking at this race as a testing ground for their messages going into the midterm elections . Florida 's 13th District is one of a small number of competitive ones , and Republicans and Democrats say the tight race here will come down to which campaign gets its supporters out . Both sides have spent more than $ 11 million on media and direct mail , according to data from the Sunlight Foundation . The bulk of that spending comes from outside groups hoping to shape two very different narratives . Eight things to watch between now and Election Day Republican groups and Jolly 's campaign have concentrated on tying Sink to Obamacare and its rocky rollout and to President Barack Obama and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi , who have low approval ratings among independent voters . Jolly thinks the health care law is a top issue for voters , but the message he was trying to deliver last week at a senior center focused heavily on local issues . "  There is a lot more going on here that just Obamacare , " he said . Jolly served as a longtime aide to GOP Rep. Bill Young , whose death last October after representing the area for more than 40 years prompted the special election . At the senior event , Jolly pointed out his connection to Young and the federal resources the late congressman helped to deliver for the district , saying Young was "  nearly a father to me . " Borger : Congress takes the year off But Democrats are trying to make Jolly 's work as a Washington lobbyist after he left Young 's staff the driving issue in the campaign , arguing he backed changes to Social Security that could cut benefits . The district has one of the highest concentrations of voters over age 65 in the country . Talk about changing retirement benefits or any concerns that Obamacare provisions could affect health care coverage resonate strongly with voters here . Pre-emptive strategy on Obamacare Standing next to former Florida Democratic Sen. Bob Graham at an event with seniors at her campaign office , Sink called the current programs "  an American promise " and said , "  those programs were put in place for a good reason , and I 'm going to fight to protect the integrity of the Social Security and Medicare programs for all of us . " Sink , who served as Florida 's chief financial officer and ran unsuccessfully for governor in 2010 , recognizes that Obamacare is a major issue . She acknowledges that the Obama administration 's proposal to cut the popular Medicare Advantage is a major worry among older voters , who she says will make up half of the electorate in the race . Other Democratic candidates tend to avoid the O-word , but Sink talks about the law 's benefits and argues she wo n't go back to the old system . Crist : Democrats ` ought to strengthen up ' and support Obamacare Sink 's strategy on Obamacare appears to be pre-emptive : she stresses how the health care law will help people but also notes it has some major flaws that need fixing . She said she is open to Republican-backed plans to change the law 's current requirement that employers provide health insurance to employees who work more than 30 hours a week . She also said Obamacare 's current requirement that businesses with more than 50 employees offer health insurance is "  an arbitrary number " and says she wants to work across party lines to adjust the law to avoid any "  unintended consequences , " such as keeping businesses from expanding . Obama : Democrats ` sleepy ' during midterms Jolly reiterates the Republican mantra that Obamacare must be repealed altogether . Because his own campaign has n't raised nearly as much money as Sink 's , the bulk of the ads and direct mail attacking Sink are from the National Republican Campaign Committee and other allies like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Action Network , which backs GOP candidates in House races . Although he concedes it 's not likely to happen , Jolly says he remains committed to getting rid of Obamacare entirely . He ticks through his plan to cover younger workers with a small government program and says he wants to make sure those with pre-existing conditions can always obtain insurance . Some Republicans worry about repeal-Obamacare strategy He said Obamacare shows "  two very different views of government . We can talk about specific health care solutions , but it really comes down to a view of government that says we need more government in individual lives . We need individual mandates and we need more interference between government and families versus a view of government that says no , we do n't . That 's wrong . " Some Republicans worry that the bright line the party is drawing about repealing Obamacare is n't the right tactic . Bob Sikora , a resident at the Regency Oaks senior community who supports Jolly , told CNN he thinks the GOP should be talking about improving the law instead of scrapping it entirely . "  I would certainly think personally if I were in charge of his campaign , I would not have said , ` I 'm out to repeal it ' -- he 's been forced to say that by some of the party higher-ups that control the tea party , which is controlling what Republicans are saying right now , " Sikora said . Sink told CNN the concerns about the health care law are lower on the priority list for people in the district . She puts it as "  fifth " on the list of things voters raise with her at forums , after homeowners ' worries about the skyrocketing costs of flood insurance , veterans issues , and the fear that any plans to start offshore drilling could hurt the tourism industry in this beach community . But one Sink supporter , Julie Meyer , who runs a retail shop in St. Petersburg , told CNN she thinks voters and the candidates should be talking about Obamacare . "  I would like the conversation . I think there are blatant lies about what is being said about Obamacare and that 's very , very unfortunate , because people should be able to decide with the real information , " Meyer said . Texas kicks off first primary of 2014 Democrats had a head start Democrats had the advantage going into the race because they did not have to spend time and money on a primary . Jolly endured a contentious primary in January and did n't have any significant resources going into the general election . With no primary opposition , the Sink campaign went to work against Jolly early and stuck with the line of attack that electing him would send someone to Washington who wanted to cut Social Security . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and outside groups have spent millions to drive that message home and link it to Jolly 's lobbying history . House Majority PAC , an outside group that backs Democratic candidates , has spent close $ 750,000 on one ad that says Jolly "  lobbied for a special interest that wanted to privatize Social Security . " Jolly insists that Sink has misrepresented his position on the issue and says he would vote against the House Republican budget authored by Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan because of the changes it would make to Social Security and Medicare . "  They spent a million dollars painting me as an extremist and a million dollars on Social Security and Medi-scare and Social Security claims that are false , " the GOP candidate told CNN . Poll : Anti-incumbent feelings at all-time high Jolly reiterates he opposes the proposals to privatize retirement accounts or alter how Medicare benefits are structured . "  I think the current reform plans are too aggressive , and I do n't think we should pursue them , " Jolly said . Republicans privately acknowledge that Sink 's ability to start her ads early , combined with the fact that her campaign and the outside groups supporting her are outspending them , has hurt . David Wasserman , who analyzes House races for the Cook Political Report , told CNN that "  Democrats have been more consistent with their message in this race , building a narrative about Jolly as a lobbyist who operates behind closed doors , and that has clearly helped . " District is evenly split This district is split down the political middle -- 37 % of those registered to vote are Republicans , about 35 % are Democrats and 28 % are unaffiliated or back a third-party candidate . There is a libertarian candidate , Lucas Overby , competing in the race , and he has participated in the three major debates . But it 's unclear what kind of impact he 'll have in drawing votes away from Jolly or Sink . Florida allows absentee voting by mail , and well over half of those who were mailed ballots have returned them . In past election cycles , Republicans have traditionally posted a stronger return rate of absentee ballots , but the Pinellas County supervisors office reports that the GOP holds about a 4-point edge over Democrats sending in their ballots . Voters here frequently mention their distaste for the gridlock in Washington , and supporters of both Sink and Jolly told CNN they are n't sure that their candidate will be able to change much . Tami Simms , a registered independent who backed Young in the past and works as a Realtor in St. Petersburg , told CNN she 's voting for Sink . But she 's unsure a new , more junior representative will deliver the same results . "  I know there are some concerns that no one is going to have  the  power that Congressman Young had from his tenure and from his longtime experience . There was more than just his tenure that allowed him to move funding for projects in this area . " If Jolly wins on Tuesday , Republicans will certainly say retaining this competitive seat is a validation of their plan to make Obamacare the central issue this fall . A Democratic victory could have other candidates across the country adopting Sink 's approach to discussing health care with a "  fix-it " attitude . House Speaker John Boehner made it clear that even if the Democrats manage to pick up this seat , his party 's midterm strategy wo n't change . Asked if a loss in this special election could alter the GOP message of repealing Obamacare , Boehner replied simply , "  No . "	Both parties are testing messages for fall midterms in Tuesday 's special election Republicans trying use Obamacare to frame midterm elections Republican candidate says outside anti-Obamacare ads are drowning other issues Democrat is confronting Obamacare debate , saying there 's room for improvement
CNN  -- Three Ohio Amish men remained in police custody Monday after allegedly assaulting other members of their local community in part by forcibly cutting off hair and beards -- a particularly egregious offense in Amish society . Lester Mullet , 26 , Johnny Mullet , 38 , and Levi Miller , 53 , were arrested last Friday , according to Jefferson County Sheriff Fred Abdalla . Additional arrests are expected , Abdalla said . Four alleged attacks have taken place since September 6 , Abdalla said . The three men are accused of breaking into multiple homes and inflicting a series of cuts and bruises while forcibly cutting facial and other hair from men , women , and children . The attacks , according to Abdalla , were instigated by an extreme Amish splinter group led by Lester and Johnny Mullet 's father -- Bishop Sam Mullet . "  The leader of this group ... -- I call it a cult -- was shunned from his faith some years ago , " Abdalla said in regard to Bishop Mullet . "  He basically thumbed his nose " at others . "  Nothing moves in this  particular  Amish community unless  Bishop Mullet  says it moves , " Abdalla said . Amish men typically grow beards in accordance with their religious practice , according to Donald Kraybill , an Amish scholar at Elizabethtown College . Amish women often do not cut their hair , Kraybill said . "  Amish-on-Amish violence is extremely rare , " Kraybill said . "  This is very odd and clearly outlier behavior , an aberration in Amish society . " This "  is a difficult , terrible crime , " Abdalla said . "  We are doing everything we can do . " CNN 's Logan Burruss contributed to this report .	3 Amish men in Ohio allegedly assaulted other Amish men , women , and children The men allegedly broke into homes and cut beards and other hair The men belong to an extremist splinter group , local sheriff says
It was the beginning of the end of World War II : Wave upon wave of allied troops storming the coast of northern France to liberate the country and its people from Nazi occupation , in the largest seaborne invasion in history . Braving everything from heavy seas to machine gun fire and grenades , soldiers clambered ashore at beaches codenamed Utah , Omaha , Gold , Juno and Sword and began to fight their way inland . Thousands died in the attempt ; today their bodies fill military cemeteries along the Normandy coast . Some of their former comrades make the trip back to France every year . "  I do n't want them to be forgotten ... it 's too early , " explained retired Staff Sergeant Jacques Jones , laying a wreath at the American cemetery . But with each year that passes , fewer and fewer survive to keep the memory of what happened alive . For Harold Bradley , there is an added reason why landing at Sword Beach is something he could never forget : It was his 21st birthday . "  I landed in Normandy on my 21st , " he says . "  I remember saying to a friend -- it 's my birthday today Rob , and he said : ` It seems a pretty good day to have it . ' But of course once you are on those boats you are n't thinking about birthdays . " A gunner with Britain 's Royal Artillery , Bradley was there to support troops who had captured the beach three days earlier . "  We were going to join the division that landed on D-Day which required more support from guns , and that was our job . We landed on the 9th , we were there in support of the infantry division ; within about an hour of landing we were firing guns . " Bradley lost some of his closest friends in the fighting that followed . Just weeks before the end of the conflict , he was captured by the Germans -- his family were told he was missing in action , and presumed dead -- before being freed by American soldiers . "  I have often wondered since , many times , how my mother must have felt having a telegram from the Foreign Office saying -LSB- I was -RSB- missing , believed killed , and then a voice comes on the phone and says ` Hello Mum , ' " he says . "  It must have been stunning . " Seventy years on from D-Day , preparations have been in full swing for months : New flags and banners have gone up , the grass at the cemeteries has been neatly trimmed , and everything has been given a spit and polish ahead of the anniversary visit by world leaders including Queen Elizabeth II and U.S. President Barack Obama . Michel Joyeux from Normandy was planning to plant red , white and blue flowers in front of his house when CNN visited -- his flags were already flying proudly . "  With me they are up every year , " he said . "  It is an honor for me to decorate and commemorate all the soldiers who died . " The cathedral at Bayeux has a new bronze bell to mark the anniversary . Local priest , Father Laurent Berthout , said it celebrated "  peace and reconciliation between the different countries , and between France and Germany , and the friendship between the United States and France and England . " But Berthout said not all of those in Normandy have completely positive memories of the liberation -- some ca n't forget how destructive it was . Charles Moncouteau , 87 , told CNN his village never joins in the commemorations , because it was almost completely destroyed by the fighting . This year , French President Francois Hollande has ordered that attention be focused on the civilian losses as well as the military ones ; it is estimated that , during the Normandy campaign alone , 20,000 French civilians lost their lives . Three-quarters of Caen , where Hollande and more than a dozen heads of state and government will gather this week , was destroyed by the fighting when German troops held out there in the months following D-Day , prompting the Allies to lay siege to the city . Scars left by the conflict remain , 70 years later . But many of today 's residents of Normandy are simply grateful for the actions of those soldiers -- in some cases , decades before they were even born . "  My gratitude is huge , " says law student Paul Guillotte . "  I am blessing every day the heroes who came to rescue us . " On June 6 , others will say thank you in their own way . American jazz pianist Bill Carrothers will perform alongside more than 100 teenagers from schools across the U.S. and France , offering a musical tribute to those who fought in World War II . "  It 's a tiny and fairly insignificant way of giving back to a lot of veterans who went before us and died , fighting for an idea , a very important idea that I think some of the modern wars somewhat lost , " he explained . "  The landings in Normandy were an important moral event . It was n't a war for oil , prestige or power . It was for an idea -- maybe the last time in our history that I can think of that it has been the case . " For decades since the war 's end , Harold Bradley has declined to take part in events commemorating D-Day . "  It is n't me , " he explains . "  It 's like wearing medals , you know . I do n't want to walk up and down with medals on saying : ` look at me . ' " But this year , on the 70th anniversary of the decisive battle , Bradley will be in Normandy to pay tribute to those who fell , alongside other elderly veterans and world leaders . "  I am extremely fortunate to be as fit as well as I am , but obviously it ca n't last forever -- -LSB- I 'm -RSB- 91 on June 9 , " he says . "  In so much as it could well be the last time , I shall go . " As one of the last remaining soldiers who can recall those bloody days in June 1944 , he hopes that such battles remain firmly in the past . "  It would be a dream to say stop wars but at least reduce them , because at the end of a war what have you got ? No-one 's won anything . Millions dead and you still have the same problem . " What to know about D-Day D-Day Landings - myth and reality Eisenhower 's ` soul-racking ' D-Day decision	World leaders , veterans gather to mark 70th anniversary of D-Day Landings On June 6 , 1944 , soldiers stormed the beaches of Normandy to take on the Nazis Many killed in battle and fighting which followed ; military cemeteries line coast "  I do n't want them to be forgotten ... it 's too early " - U.S. Staff Sergeant Jacques Jones
CNN  -- Bindi Irwin has a message for girls her age : Cover it up . The teen daughter of the late "  Crocodile Hunter " Steve Irwin said in a recent interview with News Corp Australia that she is "  a big advocate for young girls dressing their age . " "  I mean , for me , I look around at a lot of young girls that are my age and they 're always trying to dress older , " said Irwin , who turns 16 on July 24 . "  Whether it 's wearing revealing clothes or hardly wearing any clothes at all , I feel really bad for them . " Irwin , who has picked up the wildlife conservation advocacy legacy of her father and grew up at the Australia Zoo , said she considers herself to be an old soul who "  loves a cup of tea and a good book . " And while Irwin said her own personal style is evolving from her trademark khakis to more fashionable fare , she keeps it simple and conservative . "  A lot of times I want to grab these girls and say : ` Look , in 10 years you 'll regret this , ' " she said . "  Just dress like who you are . Do n't try so hard . A pair of jeans and a T-shirt is just as gorgeous and even makes you look classier . "	Bindi Irwin is the daughter of the late Steve Irwin She thinks girls are trying to dress older She says she has an old soul
CNN  -- New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez felt sick after reading it . The White House says it is "  irrelevant " to Russia 's proposal for Syria to hand over chemical weapons . Certainly , Russian President Vladimir Putin 's direct appeal to the American people over the Syria crisis has prompted a flurry of commentary in response . But do his claims stack up ? We take a look at some of the most contentious claims in Putin 's New York Times opinion piece . From the outset , Russia has advocated peaceful dialogue enabling Syrians to develop a compromise plan for their own future . Not exactly . Russia has continued to supply the al-Assad regime with military hardware including attack helicopters , air defense systems , and military advisers . No one doubts that poison gas was used in Syria . But there is every reason to believe it was used not by the Syrian army but by opposition forces to provoke intervention by their powerful foreign patrons , who would be siding with the fundamentalists . Not according to the U.S. , Britain and others who claim the evidence is clear that Bashar al-Assad 's forces were behind the attack . "  We assess that the scenario in which the opposition executed the attack on August 21 is highly unlikely , " a White House statement said . "  The body of information used to make this assessment includes intelligence pertaining to the regime 's preparations for this attack and its means of delivery , multiple streams of intelligence about the attack itself and its effect , our post-attack observations , and the differences between the capabilities of the regime and the opposition . " Britain agrees , with Prime Minister David Cameron saying last week that there was "  further " evidence that al-Assad 's forces used chemical weapons , after research by the UK military laboratories in Porton Down suggested that traces of sarin gas in the soil and on clothing taken from a patient who was treated near an alleged attack were unlikely to have been faked . Millions around the world increasingly see America not as a model of democracy but as relying solely on brute force . Putin 's condemnation of brute force sits uneasily with Moscow 's own track record of force during a conflict with Chechen separatists that claimed tens of thousands of lives , many of them civilians . In 1999 , Putin took to the New York Times opinion page to defend Russian action in Chechnya , arguing that "  decisive armed intervention was the only way to prevent further casualties both within and far outside the borders of Chechnya . " And Georgians wo n't have forgotten Russia 's invasion of their country five years ago last month , when Putin served as prime minister . My working and personal relationship with President Obama is marked by growing trust . Remember Edward Snowden ? Obama took office pledging a "  reset " in ties with Moscow . But the famously awkward body language at the G8 summit in June was for many a sign of how that has gone . That was even before the former NSA contractor was granted asylum in Russia , despite American requests that he be extradited . And back in 2011 , Putin accused Obama 's then-secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , of encouraging opposition protests after parliamentary elections that December . Time for another reset ? We are all different , but when we ask for the Lord 's blessings , we must not forget that God created us equal . Russia 's gay community might not be feeling very equal right now . A vaguely worded anti-gay propaganda law was passed overwhelmingly in Parliament this year and signed into law by Putin . The law bans public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear it . Those found in breach of it can be fined , or deported if they are foreigners . It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional , whatever the motivation . So "  unique " is OK , then ? The Financial Times reported last year on a strategy document produced by a Kremlin commission that argued , "  Thanks to the unifying role of the Russian people ... a unique sociocultural civilisational community on the historical territory of the Russian state has formed : the multinational Russian nation . "	Russian president makes appeal to American people in New York Times He says poison gas was probably used by opposition , not Syrian army But U.S. , Britain say evidence is clear that al-Assad forces were behind attack Russia has itself referred to uniqueness of the Russian nation
On the morning of June 11 , 2012 , our lives were changed forever . Our 18-year-old , 6-foot-5 , handsome , athletic , college-bound , artistic son Christian had been found dead from a mixture of dangerous synthetic drugs given to him at a house party . The drugs were later identified as 2C-C-NBOMe and 25I-NBOMe ,  also called 2C-I-NBOMe  very powerful and lethal synthetic drugs . While we were planning Christian 's funeral , across the river in East Grand Forks , Minnesota , 17-year-old Elijah Stai was given a lethal dose of 25I-NBOMe from the same source of drugs that killed Christian . The drugs had been mixed with melted chocolate . The federal government called the investigation Operation Stolen Youth and a joint task force would trace the 25I-NBOMe all the way to its source in Houston , where it had been imported from overseas , sold online , sent to North Dakota , killing two teens and causing serious bodily harm to a handful of other teens here . Until the death of our son , we knew very little about synthetic designer drugs . We have been horrified to learn about the serious injuries , thousands of calls to poison control , increased emergency room visits , severe psychotic states and deaths that have resulted from their use and the ineffective and outdated state and federal laws that made it possible for many of these drugs to be sold in retail stores and online . America is at war with synthetic drugs . Sadly , the majority of Americans do n't know about synthetic drugs or that the war is in their own homes via the Internet or at the corner tobacco store . In 2009 , when our son was in the ninth grade , the DEA had just a few synthetic drugs identified . By the end of 2012 , over 158 new synthetic drugs were identified and currently , more than 300 drugs are known . What you need to know about synthetic drugs Synthetic drugs on the streets are industrial grade chemicals made-to-order in overseas laboratories . Most of these drugs have never been tested on humans -- they are poison . As in our son 's case , dealers do n't disclose they are selling or handing out dangerous chemicals , instead they call it "  acid " or "  mushroom " and teens usually do n't know what it is . We miss our son beyond words , and in his memory , we have fought for change to protect other lives . We testified at the North Dakota Board of Pharmacy hearing to enact an emergency ban and at the state legislative and state Senate hearings to change state law . After 19 reported deaths caused by 25I-NBOMe in the United States , the DEA in November of 2013 added the drug to the controlled substance list . This dangerous drug will be illegal at least until next year . To make it a permanent controlled substance , everyone needs to contact their state and federal government representatives . We have learned that bereaved parents not for one second of one day ever forget the child they lost , so it 's OK to talk to us about our son . Every area of our lives has been affected : our family , our jobs , our friends and our entire belief structure . When we meet someone for the first time , we ask whether they have children and our second question is if they know about synthetic drugs . There is too much apathy in America regarding drugs . Drugs are not someone else 's problem -- it affects all of society . We need to stop blaming the victim . The night my son died , two other teens were also injured . Many teens do n't understand the risks involved and often try drugs because of peer pressure . And when things go wrong , some do n't call for help because they do n't want to get in trouble . The only way to stop further deaths is for everyone to be knowledgeable about the dangers . Parents share memories and warnings If you are reading , this please spread the word and help save lives ! Educate yourself and your kids , and participate in changing your state laws to protect teens and young adults who are most at risk . Advocate for Good Samaritan laws that grant immunity from criminal prosecution to those seeking medical help for someone experiencing an overdose . Our first priority is to save human lives . Parents please supervise the activities in your own home and teach your kids to call for help . Other drugs and drug paraphernalia were found at the house where my son was given the drugs . Recently we attended an emotional award ceremony at the United State Attorney 's Office in Fargo , North Dakota , to honor one of the special agents for his work in Operation Stolen Youth . My husband , with tears in his eyes , said it could have been called Operation Christian 's Heroes . We saw the Department of Justice Seal on the wall inscribed with a Latin motto emphasizing justice . Our son was a Latin scholar , in that moment we felt like Christian was there with us . We love you more than the sky , Son ! Keith and Debbie	Christian Bjerk , 18 , died after taking synthetic drugs His parents are fighting for change to protect other children from synthetic drugs Parents must supervise activities in their own homes , Keith and Debbie Bjerk say
CNN  -- Alvin E. Roth of Harvard University and Lloyd Shapley of UCLA have been awarded the Nobel Prize in economics for their work in market design and matching theory , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced Monday . Roth and Shapley 's work focuses on finding the most efficient way to match parties in a transaction , whether it be students to schools or organ donors to recipients , according to the academy . Shapley used game theory to study matching models , and Roth built on them to make real-world changes to existing markets , including school choice and organ transplants , the academy said . Elements of their work are built into software that guides kidney donations in the United States , as well as in school choice models in New York , Boston , New Orleans and other U.S. cities , Roth told reporters Monday . Roth , who was awakened by an early morning call about their win , said he was not expecting the prize but was honored to share it with Shapley . "  I 'm sure when I go to the class this morning my students will pay more attention , " he said . The economics prize is the sixth and final of the annual awards that spotlight the world 's top scholars and peacemakers . The economics award was not among the original prizes created in 1895 by Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel to honor work in physics , medicine , chemistry , literature and peace . It was added as a category in 1969 by the Swedish central bank in memory of the industrialist . As such , the economics prize is given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , following the same principles used to determine the other Nobel Prize winners , according to the Nobel committee . The monetary award that accompanies the Nobel Prize was lowered by the foundation this year by 20 % from 10 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.5 million  to 8 million kronor  $ 1.2 million  because of the turbulence that hit the financial markets . The economics selection follows last week 's awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to the European Union , a selection that surprised many and drew scorn from Italian and Greek demonstrators who took to the streets to protest austerity measures . Opinion : Nobel Committee wasted an opportunity in its Peace Prize The 27-nation union was honored for its work in promoting democracy and reconciliation following World War II , even as it grapples with a financial crisis that threatens to break the EU apart . Opinion : Why Europe deserved Peace Prize "  The Nobel committee is a little late for an April fools joke , " said Martin Callanan , leader of the Conservatives and Reformists party in the European Parliament . While Callanan called the Nobel committee "  out of touch , " others applauded the selection . Another surprise was the Nobel committee 's selection of Chinese writer Mo Yan as the winner of the Nobel Prize for literature . The Chinese author , whose pen name means "  not talking , " has captivated his countrymen by intertwining fantasy and gritty everyday life . Mo , a Communist Party member , is considered a writer within the system and has embraced official party restrictions on writing . He also was elected by the Communist Party to a vice chairman spot in the state-sanctioned China Writers Association . Unlike the news blackout in China two years ago when Chinese dissident Liu Xiabo won the Nobel Peace Prize , state-run media reported Mo 's win immediately following the announcement . Patrick Poon of the Independent Chinese Pen Center said the award by the Nobel committee appeared to be a recognition of -- or attempt to please -- the Chinese government . This year 's prize for economics was selected from among hundreds of nominations , the Nobel committee said . Two Americans shared the prize last year for their study of the cause-and-effect relationship between government and economic policy . Thomas Sargent , a professor at New York University , and Christopher Sims , a professor at Princeton University , carried out their research independently , though their work was considered complementary . Sargent and Sims received their doctorates from Harvard in 1968 . Read more : Nobel Peace Prize winner rips into fellow laureate over corruption CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. economists win prize for study of market design and matching theory NEW : Their work is used in education and organ transplants , among other things Economics was added as a category in 1969 by the Swedish central bank Two American professors also shared the 2011 Nobel Prize for economics
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- If you 're a comedy fan , you 've probably heard of him by now . Comedian Brian Regan , 50 , is famous for his clean jokes about everyday life . He is on tour . Famous for his clean jokes about everyday life , comedian Brian Regan is at the peak of his career , gaining new followers with every performance . On a recent Saturday night , he dazzled a sold-out audience of more than 2,000 people near Atlanta as part of his 2009 comedy tour . The easygoing 50-year-old comedian with a boyish smile and energetic presence pranced back and forth across the stage Saturday telling jokes that brought laughter to issues both serious and silly -- from the stressful economy to the quirks of text messaging . Regan , a Miami , Florida , native , has been performing stand-up comedy since 1980 by starting at small venues and comedy clubs . His breakthrough came in the late 1990s after the release of his album "  Brian Regan Live , " which sold 150,000 copies despite the comedian 's relative obscurity at the time . The album featured simple routines that made fun of childhood memories such as Little League baseball games and seat belts . His witty , clean style of humor on the album , which resonated with a wide audience from college kids to grandmothers , catapulted him to success . Since then , he has gone on to release three DVDs . Punchline Magazine , a comedy publication , named Regan 's most recent DVD , "  The Epitome of Hyperbole , " one of the top five comedy DVDs of 2008 . Nowadays , he routinely appears on television , including specials on Comedy Central and slots on the "  Late Show With David Letterman . " His tour this year will visit more than 80 cities , nearly twice as many as four years ago . CNN.com sat down with Regan to learn more about his brand of comedy and what 's in store for the future . CNN : How did you become interested in comedy and stand-up ? Brian Regan : This is n't the main reason , but when I was in college -LSB- Heidelberg College in Ohio -RSB- , my name was Rip for Rip van Winkle . I had a 7 a.m. class , and I missed it almost every day . I would wake up and run across campus . I remember thinking , "  What 's going to happen if I do n't wake up for things ? " And then a comedian performed at our college , and I went to the show , and I noticed the show started at 8 p.m. and I was like , well , the hours are good . I can handle a job that starts at 8 p.m. CNN : Who are some of your influences ? Regan : I love Steve Martin . He took silliness to a level of brilliance , I think . CNN : How do you get your ideas ? Regan : I used to try and sit down with a blank piece of paper . I would stare at the paper , and it just continues to stay blank . I 've learned that for me , it 's easier for me to go out and live my life and do my thing . CNN : You do n't really use the crass language many comedians rely on . Is there a reason for that ? Regan : I do n't really know those words -LSB- laughing -RSB- . I used to have a few jokes here and there with a four-letter word in it . I was always 90 to 95 percent clean with my jokes anyways , and I 'm kind of anal so , why be 95 percent something when you could be 100 percent something ? It worked out , and people really seem to respond to it so I guess that other 5 percent was n't that important anyways . CNN : Do you try to incorporate the economy into your jokes ? Regan : I do a few jokes about the economy but from an everyday person perspective . People like to laugh , and they especially like to laugh during difficult circumstances . One of the best shows in New York I had was the week after 9/11 . I was surprised this comedy club was even going to have a show . They said people were looking for a diversion . I went up and said I 'm not trying to make light of what happened , I 'm just trying to forget about it for an hour . I find it 's similar to what is happening with the economy . Obviously , it 's not as serious as 9/11 , but people are looking for an escape . I think people want to laugh . CNN : How can comedy help people through tough times ? Regan : I think comedy is a good way to deal with anything . I hear about people in the hospital who are ill , and they use humor to help them through it . I think it 's a great remedy for many things . They say a formula for comedy is comedy equals tragedy plus time . A difficult or uncomfortable situation takes place , and then you laugh about it later down the road . Sometimes I wonder if I could be so mentally healthy to subtract the time part . Like what if there is a flat tire , and it 's raining outside ? Instead of laughing a month later , why not laugh while you are changing tires in the rain ? CNN : Your fan base has really grown in the last five years . How does the fame feel ? Regan : It 's been a slow gradual thing for me . I 've never had a single event or television show that did it . I just pick up a couple more fans and a few more fans , and before you know it , it 's like hey man , things are going OK . CNN : What 's in store for the future ? Regan : This is what I like doing , and I will hopefully do it forever . If something else comes along , I 'd be open to that . CNN : What about a television show ? Regan : I 'm not really interested in being an actor . But I would like to get on a television show that would capture my comedy and in that role do a little acting . I 'd like to do something that has to do with my comedy .	Brian Regan has become a top-ranked comedian by keeping material clean Regan 's humor is observational , focuses on everyday life One inspiration for comedy career was being able to sleep in , Regan says "  Comedy is a good way to deal with anything , " Regan says
August 15 , 2014 , marks the 100th anniversary of the first use of the Panama Canal : one of the greatest feats of engineering the world has ever seen . The Canal is 48 miles long , was 17 years in the making and had enough rock and rubble dug from the isthmus of Central America to circle the earth four times . But as awe-inspiring as the "  big ditch " is , it 's still only a tiny sliver of what Panama has to offer . Away from the commerce and concrete of the canal , the country is teeming with rain forests , beaches , indigenous people and colonial history . 1 . Panama Canal Tourist transits of the canal can be long and hot , but for the enthusiast nothing beats sharing water with an 80,000 ton cargo freighter . The best views , however , are from the four-story Miraflores Lock Visitor Center . Savvy trippers time visits with the transit of one of the big ships and make sure to stop by the museum and watch the 3D movie , afterward . If you 've never been run over by a six-story ship before , now 's your chance . Other highlights include visiting the still-in-construction $ 5.25 billion Panama Canal Expansion Observation Center , scheduled to open in 2015 . Ancon Expeditions  +1 888 760 3426  has full - and partial-day transits of the canal from $ 175 per person 2 . Casco Viejo , Panama City The orange-tiled roofs and Spanish colonial architecture of old town Panama City stand in slow contrast to the skyscraper skyline across the bay . But this is where the real action is . At night , Casco Viejo is just the right amount of edgy , with music pouring onto the street from every alley and corner . By day , it 's perfect for drinking coffee at Plaza Bolivar , browsing the markets at Plaza de La Independencia and watching the sun set from the point above Plaza Francia , the best view in the city . 3 . Bocas del Toro Situated on the northwestern Caribbean coast , this archipelago of nine tropical islands has retained a strong West Indian influence . Eco-tourism and aqua adventure are key draws , with some of the best scuba diving and surf breaks in the country . A full-on castaway experience can be had on the outer islands , where deserted paradises , like that at Polo Beach on Bastimentos Island , are wild , undeveloped and easy to find . For more information see : www.bocasdeltoro.com 4 . Boquete At the foothills of the Baru Volcano in the Chiriqui Highlands , the pretty mountain town of Boquete is a natural paradise . There 's hiking , whitewater rafting and rock climbing right on the doorstep and 500 of Panama 's 972 species of bird are found in the province , including the highly sought after Quetzal . The region is home to some of the best coffee growers in the world , including the most expensive brew on the planet , Cafe Geisha , at $ 1,600 a kilo , or $ 40 a cup . Cafe Ruiz has excellent guided tours of its coffee plantation . 5 . Emberra Indians There 's no better way to understand Panama 's indigenous roots than via dugout canoe up the Chagres River , where you 'll pass thatch houses woven deep into the jungle before arriving at Emberra village , home to one of nine major indigenous groups in the country . You can watch performances of traditional dance and music , buy authentic , handcrafted souvenirs and learn about their culture . It 's a magical , if somewhat well rehearsed , experience but worth it for the lunch of fresh spear-caught Tilapia alone . Ancon Expeditions  +1 888 760 3426  has a full-day tour to an Emberra village from $ 130 per person . 6 . La Loma chocolate farm Beautiful , wild and completely off the grid , La Loma is a working chocolate farm and probably the most delicious place to stay in the country . Based on the remote Bastimentos Island in Bocas del Toro , guests learn about all aspects of chocolate production while enjoying its harvest breakfast , lunch and dinner . Other highlights include rainforest trekking to beaches , paddling through the mangroves , and , for the brave , underground swimming in the utterly dark , and terrifying , Nivida cave . La Loma has tree house cabins from $ 110 per person per night , including all meals and many excursions . 7 . Gatun Lake To create the Panama Canal , the Chagres River was dammed and an area the size of Barbados flooded . The result is the artificial , but astonishingly wild , Gatun Lake . With a small boat cruise less than an hour from Panama City , it 's possible to see capuchin monkeys , three-toed sloths and crocodiles . Because part of the lake is used by the canal , you 'll also get a mini-tour of the waterway at the same time . Ancon Expeditions has a Gatun Lake rainforest adventure cruise from $ 170 per person . 8 . Biodiversity Museum , Panama City Opened June 2014 on the causeway of Panama City , the new Frank Gehry-designed Biomuseo is a jarringly bold , macaw-like building . Inside is one of the best natural history exhibitions you 're likely to see . The highlight is a 12-screen , fully immersive , cinema in surround -- including one giant screen under foot . Monkeys scramble overhead , sharks swim under foot , visitors are lifted up and flown through a storm . 9 . Portobello In 1596 , English buccaneer Sir Francis Drake met his grisly end against the Spanish cannons of Portobello . Their forts still remain . Visitors can soak up the pirate history , visit the church of San Felipe where the statue of the black Christ draws thousands of pilgrims each October 21 and grab lunch at El Palenque , an idyllic spot by the water 's edge . For longer stays , there 's El Oltro Lado on the other side of Portobello Bay ; it 's a hip boutique hotel with cool tunes , quirky art and an infinity pool . 10 . Fish Market , Panama City Cuquita Arias de Calvo , one of Panama 's best known chefs , described her country 's cuisine as "  joyful , happy and hot -- just like Panamanians . " Her restaurant , at the Bristol Hotel in Panama City 's financial district , serves traditional Panamanian recipes with a modern twist . But the best place to eat in Panama City is still the fish market . There 's a good restaurant upstairs that draws the tourists , but far tastier , and infinitely more memorable , are the crowded stalls below for freshly caught ceviche scooped up with crackers , spicy aji chomdo sauce and stadium decibel reggaeton . 11 . San Blas Islands Owned , operated and protected by the Kuna Indians , this archipelago of atolls off the northern coast of Panama , has a tropical island for every day of year , plus a few to spare  378 to be precise , 49 of which are inhabited  . The beaches are deserted enough to satisfy even the most extreme Robinson Crusoe fantasies . But the highlight is the Kuna people themselves -- welcoming and proud of a culture that has changed little in centuries . Be prepared to slow down , fast . For more information visit www.sanblas-islands.com . Journey Latin America offers excellent tailor-made vacations to Panama , taking in all of these highlights and more .	The famous canal is just one reason to visit Panama . Full-on castaway experiences can be had on wild Bastimentos Island In the Chiriqui Highlands , the pretty mountain town of Boquette is a natural paradise The best place to eat in Panama City is still the fish market
CNN  -- Five people suffered minor injuries Friday when a duck boat crashed into several other vehicles in downtown Boston , Massachusetts . The chain-reaction crash happened shortly after noon on a ramp from Embankment Road West to Charles Street Circle , Massachusetts State Police Trooper Thomas Murphy said . At least seven vehicles were involved . No one was seriously hurt . Cindy Brown , general manager of Boston Duck Tours , said a piece of fallen equipment caused the crash . "  A computer box fell off and become lodged under the brake " pedal , Brown said . Once the driver dislodged the box , Brown said , the duck boat was able to brake normally . Brown estimated that the duck boat was traveling between 15 and 20 mph when it crashed . "  We 're re-inspecting the vehicles that are of the same configuration , " Brown said . Duck boats are amphibious vehicles often used for tours on land or water . Two people were killed this month when a barge hit a duck boat on the Delaware River in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . CNN 's Bradley Gallo contributed to this report .	NEW : A manager says a piece of equipment fell and got stuck under the boat 's brake pedal Duck boats are used for tours on land or water Two people were killed in a duck boat crash this month in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 41 people were killed and 106 others wounded Monday in a suicide bombing that targeted Shiite pilgrims in northeastern Baghdad , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . The female bomber detonated her explosive vest in the middle of a procession of pilgrims in Boob al-Sham , in a predominantly Shiite area of the Iraqi capital , according to an Interior Ministry official . The detonation took place in a tent set up to search females , according to the Baghdad Operations Command . Three volunteer female searchers were among those killed . The attack took place amid tight security as thousands of Shiite worshipers are making their way to the holy city of Karbala , south of Baghdad , to mark the Arbaeen -- the end of the 40-day mourning period at the close of Ashura . Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. . That event helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . There have been a number of roadside bomb and grenade attacks on pilgrims over the past few days . Iraqi officials have warned of attacks during the pilgrimage ahead of national elections on March 7 . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Attack targeted Shiite worshipers heading to the holy city of Karbala Pligrims are marking end of the 40-day mourning period at close of Ashura Iraqi officials have warned of attacks during the pilgrimage
CNN  -- The Segway . The Bluetooth headset . The pocket protector . What do these three technologies have in common ? They all pretty much work as promised . They all seem like good ideas on paper . And they 're all too dorky to live . Now , far be it from me to claim that nerdiness equals lack of popularity potential . But I contend that dorkiness and nerdiness are two different qualities . While nerdiness implies a certain social awkwardness that 's ultimately endearing , dorkiness connotes social obliviousness that opens you to deserved ridicule . Guess which category Google Glass will fall under when it goes "  mainstream ? " Forget about the privacy concerns for a second . I do n't think you have to get that serious to recognize the inherent antisocialness of Google Glass . All you have to do is look at the guy in the picture at the top of this post . Or any of the rest of the guys on White Men Wearing Google Glass , a new Tumblr that serves up the data needed to transform the hypothesis "  Google Glass is too dorky to succeed " into a proven scientific theory . Disagree ? The floor is open for falsification . Start your own Tumblr : People Who Look Cool While Wearing Google Glass . Before its release , some of the smartest people in tech predicted that the Segway would change the world . And even when the world joined in a collective "  Huh ? " when the much-hyped secret Ginger project was revealed to be a gyro-balanced scooter , the idea still kind of made sense . If we were all riding around on Segways now , cities would probably be better places to live compared to the car-infested streets we still endure . But that transformation has n't happened . And it wo n't . Why ? Because Segways are lame . They 're too rational . They fail to acknowledge all the irrational reasons people love their cars . Similarly , Google Glass fails to acknowledge that walking around with a camera mounted on the side of your face at all times makes you look dorky . Think of the Bluetooth headset : it 's a really sensible way to use your phone without having to take it out of your pocketâ $ " so sensible that there 's really no reason not to keep that headset in your ear most of the time . But you do n't , do you ? There 's a reason that Saturday Night Live put a Bluetooth headset on Jason Sudeikis in its recurring "  Two A-Holes " sketches . Google Glass , like the Segway , is what happens when Silicon Valley spends too much time talking to itself . Maybe that 's even overstating the case : The rhetoric around Google Glass is what happens when important tech people spend a little too much time congratulating each other . There 's really nothing wrong with Google Glass as a technological experiment . The future will include some kind of wearable smart technology , and it 's important for Google to be experimenting in that direction . But Google co-founder Sergey Brin 's presentation at TED , in which he characterized wearing Google Glass as somehow more macho than pulling your smartphone out of your pocket , underscores the tone-deafness that can envelop Silicon Valley when VIPs get a little too excited about the Next Big Thing . Brin , after all , is a guy who thinks nothing of engaging in spontaneous yoga in the middle of a crowded tech conference . This is n't a bad thingâ $ " on the nerd to dork scale , it definitely tilts toward "  nerd . " But if you 're one of the shareholders helping to keep Google 's shares trading above $ 800 , the dork factor of Google Glass should give you pause . Google is still trying to crack the secret of monetizing mobile technology , which so far has n't proven as lucrative as its desktop search business . Google Glass may be a fun experiment in building another mobile platform to attract as-yet-unimagined revenue streams . But making money on consumer technology requires that consumers embrace that technology . If Google Glass makes you look as cool as the guys in that Tumblr , that embrace is about as likely to happen as you hugging a Segway . Or Robert Scoble in the shower . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Early adopters might make Google Glass seem dorky Like Bluetooth headsets , Glass is lopsided , with a camera on one lens Writer says Glass is what happens when Silicon Valley does n't get the real world
New York  CNN  -- A confessed terror plotter calmly told a jury how he acquired the ingredients to make the bombs that he and his co-conspirators planned to detonate on New York subway trains during rush hour , killing many . If the attack was against the United States , then it was "  moral , " Najibullah Zazi said Wednesday during his second day of testimony in federal court in New York . Zazi , the mastermind behind a plot to rig backpacks with explosives and blow them up on trains , is testifying this week against Adis Medunjanin , the only member of the trio on trial . During his testimony , Zazi detailed how he bought the chemicals from beauty shops and other ingredients from Walmart and Lowe 's and then searched for crowded areas to detonate the explosives . Zazi , an immigrant from Pakistan , and Zarein Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan , have already pleaded guilty to terror charges . Zazi said the group was trained in Pakistan by al Qaeda in 2008 and 2009 and then returned to the United States with instructions to attack . The group decided to detonate three bombs on a busy subway train during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , also around the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , Zazi said . He testified that one of his al Qaeda handlers told them the attack should send a message to incoming President Barack Obama to pull American troops from Afghanistan . But e-mails monitored by authorities may have helped to foil the plot . Prosecutors in court showed several e-mails they say that Zazi sent in which he asks a person in al Qaeda about a formula for a bomb . During cross examination , Robert Gottlieb , Medunjanin 's attorney , tried to show that his client had had a falling out with Zazi before the plot was created . Medunjanin 's trial is expected to last three weeks . Authorities widely regard the plot as the most serious al Qaeda attempt to launch an attack on American soil since 9/11 . CNN 's Kiran Khalid and CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Confessed subway bomb plotter Najibullah Zazi testifies against alleged co-conspirator Zazi testifies the group traveled to Pakistan for terrorist training Adis Medunjanin is the only member of the trio on trial ; the other two pleaded guilty
Sunny Hostin is a legal analyst on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Hollywood private eye Anthony Pellicano represented himself at his federal trial . The jury 's still out . NEW YORK  CNN  -- There 's a courthouse adage : A person who represents himself has a fool for a client . When a defendant utters those tragic words , "  I 'm going to represent myself , " judges blanch , attorneys snicker , and even the court reporters grimace . I 've been on the opposite side of those who have chosen to represent themselves . It was n't pleasant . Since 1975 , when the U.S. Supreme Court held that the Sixth Amendment "  grants to the accused personally the right to make his own defense , " many defendants have decided to take the law literally into their own hands . The most recent self-represented "  client " is Anthony Pellicano , the Hollywood private investigator who 's been on trial for 78 counts lodged against him and two co-defendants . Pellicano 's jury has been out for a week , so it 's not yet clear whether the outcome of his case will follow the conventional wisdom . The 64-year-old celebrity sleuth is accused of leading a criminal enterprise that raked in more than $ 2 million by illegally spying , allegedly using wiretaps and law enforcement databases , on Hollywood 's rich and famous . He then dished the dirt to their rivals . If convicted of leading a criminal conspiracy , known as a RICO charge , he could spend up 20 years to life in prison . RICO , by the way , stands for the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act . It 's the law the Justice Department used to bring down the mob . Prosecutors have to prove that Pellicano and his co-defendants ran a corrupt enterprise that profited from information they obtained illegally . U.S. District Judge Dale Fischer granted Pellicano 's request to represent himself , but she was n't too happy about it . "  If the U.S. Supreme Court did n't require me to let defendants represent themselves , I would n't do it , " she said . Even without a law degree , Pellicano seemed to realize that getting the jury to acquit him of the conspiracy charge was important . During his 15-minute closing argument , he denied he led a criminal enterprise and insisted that he acted as a "  lone ranger " while gathering information for his clients . He also told the jurors that he shared no information with colleagues as he conducted investigations and allowed others to learn only what he wanted them to know . "  There was no criminal enterprise or conspiracy . Mr. Pellicano alone is responsible . That is the simple truth , " he said , referring to himself in the third person . But unlike a seasoned attorney , he failed to address the evidence against him , including illegally taped conversations . Instead , he bragged about his career , while wearing an orange prison jumpsuit , saying of himself , again in the third person : "  Perhaps his business card should read , ' I deliver , ' because he did it over and over again . " Courtroom observers said his "  cross-examination " often consisted of little more than settling old scores . So is Pellicano a fool , or absolutely brilliant ? Well , if history is our teacher , he would do better if he had a lawyer , even a bad one . If you have a bad lawyer and you get convicted , you can always argue on appeal that your lawyer was ineffective and get a new trial . The following self-appointed lawyers learned the hard way that they had fools for clients : In fact , I ca n't think of a defendant who represented himself or herself as well , or better , than a lawyer . So maybe I 'm biased , but lawyers are trained professionals . We 're trained in the art of trial war . Let us do our jobs .	Private eye Anthony Pellicano chose to represent himself at his trial Pellicano is accused of illegally gathering dirt for A-list clients People who represent themselves usually do n't do well with juries
London  CNN  -- The European Union is spending more than $ 167 million to soothe the pain being felt by fruit and vegetable farmers hit by Russian food sanctions . The move comes as the trade war between the West and Russia intensifies , and looks likely to hit Europe 's growth figures . Fears over the impact of chilling relations has already undermined Europe 's fragile recovery . Around $ 2.7 billion worth of fruit and vegetables were shipped from the EU to Russia in 2013 , the bloc 's single biggest export to the market . The package announced by the EU Monday will support producers of fruit and vegetables that are already in season and ca n't be easily stored . Russian President Vladimir Putin , in a tit for tat move against Western sanctions , banned imported European cheese , American chicken and Norwegian seafood from the country 's dinner tables . The move was in response to countries imposing economic sanctions against Russia in the aftermath of the flight MH17 disaster . The Kremlin banned most agriculture products from the U.S. , the European Union , Norway , Canada and Australia . Europe 's food exports to Russia were worth $ 15.8 billion in 2013 , making up around 10 % of the bloc 's agriculture exports , according to EU data . European countries sold $ 1.6 billion worth of pork and $ 1.3 billion worth of cheese and curd to Russia . The U.S. shipped $ 1.3 billion worth of food to Russia , with chicken and other poultry making up a quarter of the total value , around $ 310 million . The ban of foreign food is more than just an inconvenience for Russians who like imported food . Russia is the world 's fifth largest agricultural importer and remains dependent on food supply from abroad -- its agricultural trade deficit extended to $ 26 billion in 2013 , according to data from the European Commission . With billions worth of food disappearing from the market , prices are likely to go up and experts forecast increased Russian inflation , which is already running at 7.5 % . Russians will still be able to enjoy European wines and spirits , as well as bread , pasta and cereals . These have escaped the embargo -- even though their ban would hurt Europe economically . In 2013 , EU countries sold nearly $ 1 billion worth of spirits and $ 733 million worth of wine to Russia . Explore CNN 's infographic above to see what items are likely to disappear from Russian menu . Russia 's food ban leaves Europeans with sour taste	Russia has banned food imports from countries that have imposed sanctions against it As the world 's fifth largest food importer , Russia relies on supply from abroad Russia bought $ 15.8 billion worth of food from the EU in 2013 , and $ 1.3 billion worth of food from the U.S.
CNN  They thought they had found a paradise . They thought wrong . The resolution of the Alexandria story arc is the first of six things you should watch this week . 1 . "  The Walking Dead , " 9 p.m. ET Sunday , AMC "  The Walking Dead 's " season-long plotline involving a group that headed north from Atlanta all comes to a head in a 90-minute season finale on Sunday night . It 's been a season in which Sonequa Martin-Green 's character , Sasha , stood out : She 's on the verge of insanity after the deaths of her brother and many friends . "  We went to a very deep place , " Martin-Green said . "  It was hard , depressing , bad and thrilling all at the same time . A lot of the stuff was quite challenging for me . It was something I can definitely look back on and be proud of . " With Rick having gone on a blood-soaked , gun-wielding rant in front of the leaders of the Alexandria community , his fate and that of his fellow survivors hangs in the balance . "  There 's gon na be all the twists and turns you would expect and twists and turns you did not expect , " Martin-Green said of the episode . "  The finale is probably the most jam-packed episode there 's ever been . Things are packed into it like sardines . All of the life is squeezed in there . They lengthened it to 90 minutes because there 's just so much . It 's a supersized monstrosity . " Her co-star Josh McDermitt added , "  There 's so much good stuff in this episode they did n't want to do the hourlong version . I ca n't wait for people to see it . And personally , I think it 's going to go down as one of the best episodes the show has ever done . " 2 . "  Call the Midwife , " 9 p.m. ET Sunday , PBS The fan favorite retro British series returns for a fourth season in the U.S. Though the ladies of ladies of Nonnatus House may not be quite as big as "  Downton Abbey , " fans of that series should enjoy this one . 3 . "  The Dovekeepers , " 9 p.m. ET Tuesday and Wednesday , CBS Roma Downey and Mark Burnett had a ratings smash two years ago with "  The Bible "  and they have a sequel , "  A.D. , " coming next week on NBC  . CBS has their follow-up in a two-part miniseries . It 's based on a novel following the journey of four women in the year 70 , one of whom is played by "  NCIS " alumna Cote de Pablo . 4 . "  Weird Loners , " 9:30 p.m. ET Tuesday , Fox Stop me if you 've heard this one : A group of single men and women has to live in close proximity in New York . Fox 's latest sitcom , which hopes to build from the "  New Girl " lead-in , stars two actors who have deserved their own shows : Zack Knighton  "  Happy Endings "  and Becki Newton  "  How I Met Your Mother "  . 5 . "  Olympus , " 10 p.m. ET Thursday , Syfy Syfy takes on Greek mythology in this new series with plenty of magic , creatures and interesting costumes . 6 . "  Outlander , " 9 p.m. ET April 4 , Starz The Scottish time-travel romance returns to finish off its first season , as Claire and Jamie 's relationship is tested . No matter what happens , the hardcore fan base will be there every step of the way .	"  The Walking Dead " has a 90-minute season finale on Sunday Co-star Sonequa Martin-Green says it 's the most jam-packed finale yet The Fox comedy "  Weird Loners " premieres
Myrtle Beach , South Carolina  CNN  -- Republican candidate Jon Huntsman will drop out of the presidential race on Monday and endorse front-runner Mitt Romney , a senior official with the former Utah governor 's campaign told CNN . Huntsman finished third in last week 's New Hampshire primary , a state in which he had staked his entire campaign , behind Romney and Texas Rep. Ron Paul . "  Governor Huntsman did not want to stand in the way of the candidate best prepared to beat Barack Obama and turn our economy around . That 's Mitt Romney , " the official said . The former governor and U.S. ambassador to China made headlines when he decided to take his campaign to compete in the South Carolina primary , where he struggled to build support . An American Research Group poll released Friday showed Huntsman with just 1 % of likely GOP primary voters in the state . "  Jon Huntsman made a basic calculation here , let 's be honest . If you look at the polling , he 's doing miserable in South Carolina . He 's not going to win the state next Saturday and so if he wants to run in 2016 ... this is a chance ... to try to get a little bit of goodwill in the party , a little bit of leverage , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . Despite his low polling numbers , South Carolina 's largest newspaper , The State , endorsed Huntsman earlier on Sunday . The paper 's editorial board stated that while Romney is "  more appealing " than the rest of the GOP field , Huntsman is "  more principled , has a far more impressive resume and offers a significantly more important message . " The board praised what it called the "  essential values that drive his candidacy : honor and old-fashioned decency and pragmatism . " R.C. Hammond , the spokesman for candidate Newt Gingrich , said that with Huntsman dropping out , "  we are one step closer to a bold Reagan conservative winning the GOP nomination . " Huntsman , known as one of the moderate candidates , launched his presidential campaign on June 21 . Meanwhile , conservative GOP presidential hopefuls attacked Romney on Sunday to try to head off what two influential Republicans said could be a decisive third straight victory for the former Massachusetts governor . In appearances on morning talk shows , Gingrich , Rick Santorum and Rick Perry all contrasted their conservative credentials with Romney 's more moderate record in hopes that South Carolina voters will agree with their contention that Romney ca n't defeat Obama in November . Debates on Monday in Myrtle Beach and Thursday in Charleston will almost certainly give voters their last chance to see all the remaining Republican candidates on one stage , as some are likely to drop out after Saturday 's vote . CNN will broadcast the Charleston debate . The Palmetto State has chosen the eventual Republican nominee every time since 1980 , and Romney 's victories this month in the first two contests of the nominating process -- in Iowa and New Hampshire -- were unprecedented by a non-incumbent GOP contender . Two South Carolina Republican politicians , Sen. Lindsey Graham and Rep. Tim Scott , said Sunday that another Romney victory this week would likely sew up the nomination for him . "  If for some reason he 's not derailed here and Mitt Romney wins South Carolina , no one 's ever won all three , I think it should be over , " Graham told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " program . "  That would be quite a testament to his ability as a candidate and a campaigner . " On the same program , Scott said : "  If Romney wins South Carolina , I think the game is over . " Perry , the Texas governor who lags behind after poor performances in earlier debates , kept up his criticism of Romney 's experience as a venture capitalist -- an attack line shared by Gingrich but criticized by Santorum and other conservatives . After previously describing Romney 's former company , Bain Capital , as corporate "  vultures " who looted North Carolina companies , Perry used less combative language Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union " but reiterated his accusation that it "  came in and basically shut down " a Georgetown steel mill , taking away "  a lot of money in management fees . " President Obama 's campaign will certainly raise the matter , if Romney gets the Republican nomination , Perry noted . "  The issue 's not going away , " he said . "  Now 's the time to talk about it , not in September and October . " Gingrich , the former House Speaker , expressed a similar view on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " and the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " comparing the primary process to the National Football League playoffs that eventually produce two hardened teams to compete in the Super Bowl . "  Our nominee had better be capable of standing up there , telling the truth , enduring the negative ads and winning the vote , " Gingrich said , insisting he is the more accomplished debater and stronger candidate than Romney . On NBC , Gingrich also said he would release his tax return on Thursday and reiterated his challenge for Romney to do the same , continuing a campaign to get Romney to disclose details of his personal wealth . Romney has said he has complied with legal disclosure obligations , but added he might release his tax returns or further information in the future . Gingrich said it would be better for Romney to release his tax return now instead of having the issue come to a head in the fall amid a one-on-one campaign against Obama . "  We 're all going to do everything we can to defeat Barack Obama , " Gingrich said , adding that Obama 's re-election "  would lead him to be so arrogant and so aggressive that it 's hard to imagine what would come out of a second term . " Santorum , meanwhile , told "  Fox News Sunday " that an endorsement on Saturday from Christian conservative leaders should help his campaign , as he seeks to regain the luster of a razor-thin second-place finish behind Romney in Iowa . "  I was told that individual members are going to go out and do things with , you know , either endorsements or contacting people here in the state and across the states to support us and to help our cause , " said Santorum , a former Pennsylvania senator who was virtually tied for fourth in New Hampshire with Gingrich . The Christian conservative endorsement was intended to unite evangelical voters behind one candidate to avoid a split that would hand Romney a victory despite South Carolina 's conservative pedigree . "  It would be helpful if everybody dropped out and I would win , " Santorum said . "  But , you know , the idea is , we 're going to go through this process , people have the right to go out and make the case to the voters and then we 'll see what happens . " Scott , who won election in 2010 with strong support from the tea party movement , told NBC that the impact of the evangelical vote -- a typically large bloc in South Carolina -- will be "  huge " on Saturday . "  It 's hard to find a single candidate that rallies all of the Christian voters in South Carolina and therefore that splintered approach will probably have a major impact in the state 's primary , " Scott said . The American Research Group poll released last week finds Romney and Gingrich in a statistical dead heat in the state . According to the poll , 29 % of likely GOP primary voters say they will support Romney . Another 25 % said they would support Gingrich , putting Romney 's lead within the poll 's sampling error . The survey indicates Rep. Ron Paul of Texas has 20 % of the vote , Perry has 9 % , Santorum has 7 % , with 7 % undecided . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld , Jessica Yellin , Jim Acosta and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : He did n't want to "  stand in the way " of candidate who can beat Obama , official says NEW : Jon Huntsman made a "  basic calculation , " says CNN 's John King The former Utah governor will endorse Mitt Romney , a source says Earlier Sunday , South Carolina 's largest newspaper endorsed Huntsman
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The controversial auction of Michael Jackson 's property from his Neverland ranch has been canceled , and all of the items will be returned to Jackson , the auction organizer said . The property will return to Michael Jackson 's control , the owner of an auction company says . The singer sued the auction company last month , claiming he did not authorize the sale of items that were removed from Neverland after he sold the ranch . "  We resolved everything with Michael Jackson , " Julien 's Auctions owner Darren Julien said . "  We came to a resolution that both sides are very happy with . " Details of the settlement are confidential , Julien said . The public can still "  get a glimpse at Neverland and the life and career of Michael Jackson " because the items will remain on exhibit in Beverly Hills , California , until April 25 , Julien said . The exhibition was a prelude to the planned auction . After April 25 , the items will go back to Jackson 's control , Julien said . The items , including the iconic Neverland gates , the singer 's famed white-jeweled glove and a stretch Rolls Royce , were removed by the auction house last year at Jackson 's request , the auctioneer told CNN . Jackson 's lawyer did not immediately respond to calls for comment . Jackson sold Neverland ranch , his former home , last year . Since his 2005 acquittal in the United States on child molestation charges Jackson has spent much of his time living in Bahrain . Jackson is set to perform 50 "  final curtain call " concerts in London , England , starting in July . The shows sold out in four hours last month , the events ' organizers said . "  These will be my final shows performing in London , " he said .	Singer had filed suit last month to halt sale of items from Neverland ranch Auctioneer : Items , including jeweled glove , will be returned to Jackson "  We came to a resolution that both sides are very happy with , " organizer says Jackson sold ranch last year , claims he did n't authorize sale of items
CNN  -- They call it the "  coolness factor . " CNN commenters -- clearly energized about the promise of a new , privately developed space shuttle -- are buzzing about winged spacecraft versus capsule-based vehicles like Dragon , which SpaceX used for its historic visit to the space station last month . A commenter called "  gregory " points out the Skylon space plane project in the UK . The theory behind space planes is they would be able to take off from a runway , rocket into low orbit , and then fly to a landing on a runway . Gregory suggests that space planes are preferable because their engines would be designed to "  breathe air like a jet at lower speeds " and then "  switch to rocket mode in the high atmosphere . " CNN reported on Skylon last year and one insider estimated development cost to be around $ 10 billion . NASA 's program to fund private spacecraft development offers only a fraction of that amount -- less than $ 400 million awarded so far . Sierra Nevada 's Dream Chaser orbiter , which passed an aerodynamics flight test last month , would launch atop an Atlas V rocket and uses wings to fly back to a runway landing on earth . "  As far as coolness factor -- Skylon wins over Dream Chaser hands down , " gregory writes . Well , yes , experts say privately developed space planes that take off and land independently from runways would be great . If they existed . But they do n't right now . Why not ? It costs a lot of money to develop new technology . For Skylon , a crucial engine test still stands in the way of success , according to reports . Then , down the road , suborbital test flights reportedly could happen as soon as 2016 , if all goes well . Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo is n't designed to take off from a runway independently , it has to be launched in flight from a mothership aircraft . It is not intended to achieve orbit . Dream Chaser -- which aims to reach the space station -- is expected to have its first autonomous flight test in August or September . It 's based on well-known design concepts , which saves money on development costs . Coolness ? Aerospace engineers will never choose style over substance . But the sweeping , sleek design of a winged spacecraft like the Dream Chaser does catch the fancy of a lot of aerospace aficionados who still hold a place in their hearts for NASA 's retired shuttle program . Let 's not forget capsules -- such as the Apollo command module -- which traveled to the moon and back . Yes , they were gumdrop-shaped with less "  coolness factor , " but they got the job done . More reliable than wings , say supporters , because they 're simple and more proven . As one aerospace insider put it : Sometimes the argument about winged versus capsules "  can be almost a religious debate among engineers . " A downside of most capsules : They splashdown in the water , creating water damage , although Russia 's Soyuz capsule 's system allows it to land safely on solid ground . As CNN commenter "  Dem in Nebraska " points out , "  Spashdown requires manpower and equipment to lift the capsule out of the ocean , which requires " lots of expensive logistics and infrastructure . Landing on a runway costs a lot less , Dem suggests . Right now , the SpaceX Dragon is designed to return to Earth by splashing down . But the company has plans to develop the Dragon for on-target propulsive landing on solid ground . All this talk about wings versus capsules goes to a larger point : What 's the ultimate goal behind spacecraft like Dream Chaser , Dragon and Boeing 's capsule , the CST-100 ? Is it to build a vehicle that will take astronauts into low orbit ? Or does the design goal take a longer view ? A longer view may be to develop a spacecraft that can travel to low orbit and travel to the moon -- or beyond . This is what SpaceX is looking to do -- develop spacecraft that can be used for different kinds of missions .	CNN commenter : Space planes have higher "  coolness " than shuttle Winged space shuttle passes first aerodynamics flight test SpaceX Dragon capsule plans to add propulsive landing on solid ground Wings-versus-capsule engineer debate can be "  almost religious "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two good Samaritans returned more than $ 275,000 that tumbled out of an improperly secured armored truck in Syracuse , New York , last week . But some not-so-good Samaritans seem to have walked away with another $ 60,000 that fell onto the street . An armored truck inadvertently strewed bags of money on the ground in front of the Syracuse Antiques Exchange . A Brinks armored truck inadvertently strewed more than a dozen bags of money on the ground in front of the Syracuse Antiques Exchange on Friday , according to Sgt. Tom Connellan of the Syracuse police department . The bags slipped out of an open door on the side of the truck . Apparently oblivious , the driver proceeded to his intended destination , a Brinks facility a few blocks away . David Jenks , the owner of the antiques shop , and Hanson Herring , who had just gotten a haircut at a nearby barbershop , Cuttin Up , were the first to approach the bags . Herring said at first he thought the bags merely contained garbage . Only when he began to inspect one did he realize , "  Oh man , this is money . " The money was in all different denominations , from coins to $ 100 bills . The two men then began to round up the bags and load them into plastic postal bins . Tim Taylor , an off-duty Syracuse police officer who happened to be browsing in Jenks ' antiques shop , assisted them . As word spread that hundreds of thousands of dollars lay in the street , people streamed out of passing cars and adjacent businesses . For the most part the gatherers cooperated in the recovery effort . Herring attributed the crowd 's willingness to turn over the money -- rather than run away with it -- to his imposing stature . "  Had I not been the size I was , it might have went a different way . " One man did display some reluctance to part with the bag he found . But Herring said that with a few words , he was able to persuade the man to release his grip on it . All told , the men recovered $ 276,160 divided among 14 bags . But two bags containing some $ 60,000 are still missing . Police said it remains unclear whether the missing bags fell from the truck at an earlier point along its route , or whether someone at the scene of the main spill managed to discreetly slip away with them . Connellan noted that it is grand larceny , a felony , to keep a sack of money one chances upon . "  We tip our hats to the people who did the right thing , " he said . As for the Brinks Co. , Herring said it rewarded him with a T-shirt and a gold coin commemorating the company 's 150th anniversary . Brinks did not return calls for comment .	Improperly secured Brinks truck drops more than a dozen bags of money Money ranged from coins to $ 100 bills Two bags containing about $ 60,000 still missing Brinks gives T-shirt , anniversary coin as reward
CNN  -- A federal appeals court in San Francisco has temporarily halted the forced medication of Tucson shooting defendant Jared Loughner until a three-judge panel can hear competing arguments from his lawyers and prosecutors by mid-week . Loughner is charged with seriously wounding U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in a January rampage that also left six others dead . The brief order from a three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals set a tight deadline for lawyers from both sides to file more detailed legal briefs . The federal government has until 5 p.m. PT Wednesday to argue the involuntary medication should continue . Loughner 's lawyers had appealed Friday an earlier ruling allowing prison doctors to forcibly medicate him with strong drugs . The appeals judges will decide whether to issue a permanent order that could extend the ban on forced medication , or allow the procedure to resume . There was no indication how soon the panel would rule . Last week , a federal judge in San Diego rejected a motion by lawyers for Loughner to prevent prison doctors from forcibly medicating the Arizona shooting suspect . "  I defer to medical judgment , " U.S. District Judge Larry Alan Burns said in ruling that prison doctors were within their rights to force Loughner to take mind-altering psychotropic drugs against his will . "  I have no reason to disagree with the doctors here . " Burns also ordered that sensitive medical and legal documents relating to Loughner 's treatment for mental illness remain sealed . Loughner has already started receiving the powerful drugs , and lawyers representing Loughner contend that forcing him to take the drugs against his will violates his rights . Authorities at the U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield , Missouri , where Loughner is being held , should have tried lesser restraints such as milder tranquilizers , argued Reuben Camper Cahn , one of Loughner 's lawyers . Prosecutors responded in last week 's hearing that prison officials acted properly in ordering the medication , which they said was necessary for Loughner to control his mental illness . "  This is a person who is a ticking time bomb , " prosecutor Wallace Kleindienst said . "  He 's lunged at his defense counsel and spits at her . " Loughner , 22 , is charged in the January mass shooting in which six people were killed and 13 wounded , including Giffords , in front of a Safeway grocery story in Tucson , Arizona . A federal judge ruled last month that Loughner was not competent to stand trial , and he was sent to the federal facility in Springfield . Loughner 's lawyers said prison officials held a deficient hearing process and used faulty reasoning in deciding to drug Loughner against his will . For example , Loughner had no attorney present at the June 14 hearing , the lawyers said in their motion , and officials failed to state the drug and dosage he should receive . According to the emergency motion filed last month , authorities had earlier assessed Loughner as dangerous because of incidents before his transfer to the Springfield prison : He threw a chair against a door and spat at an attorney . However , the reasoning by prison officials in Springfield for deciding to administer the drugs was to treat Loughner 's mental illness , rather than to subdue any dangerous behavior , the motion said . Prosecutors had argued in their response that Loughner received a proper administrative hearing on the matter , and the medication prescribed was necessary to prevent him from being a danger to himself and others . CNN 's Bill Mears and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Last week , Loughner 's attorney lost a motion asking for a halt to the forced medication But a federal appeals court on Tuesday temporarily halts the forced medication Loughner should have received milder tranquilizers , his attorneys argued Loughner suffers from mental illness
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- During a meeting with historians in 2011 , Politico reported , President Obama said : "  What you could do for me is to help me find a way to discuss the issue of inequality in our society without being accused of class warfare . " For Obama , this is not an esoteric question . Rather , this is a challenge that will be integral to his campaign and , if he is re-elected , to his second term as president . Many Democrats have argued that Obama should have tackled this issue from his first day in the White House . But this is an issue the president did n't think he had the political capital to address . He has also continually feared that touching on inequality would open him up to Republican attacks of being left of center . Obama 's question to the historians has no easy answer . When Democratic presidents have tackled issues of inequality , they have usually come under intense attack . That is the cost of trying to address this problem through government .  Republicans argue this is best left to the marketplace .  The key to success has been how strong the Democrats ' responses to the critics have been . Two Democratic presidents who tackled the problem of inequality in the 20th century in very different times were Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson . In 1932 , FDR took office at the height of the Great Depression , with 25 % of the workforce unemployed . He argued that the federal government would have to help take care of those who were suffering . FDR promoted policies that aimed to provide greater economic security to working and middle-class Americans . Many of his key policies -- such as public works , Social Security , and the right to join a union -- aimed to make certain that the bottom did not fall out for those who were not rich and that average Americans had a strong foundation to climb up the income ladder once the Depression ended . The business community responded predictably . While some leaders in the corporate world accepted the need for a New Deal , many others did not . The American Liberty League , an organization founded by business leaders in 1934 , attacked FDR for trying to stoke class conflict and dividing Americans for his own political objectives . Following his combative State of the Union message in January 1936 , when Roosevelt declared that his administration had "  earned the hatred of entrenched greed , " the American Liberty League denounced his effort to pit "  class against class . " Roosevelt did n't run away . He insisted that the government had a duty to strengthen those who were disadvantaged . He also embraced the argument that if middle-class Americans prospered , they would spend money in consumer markets , which would in turn help the whole economy . Finally , at some moments he argued that the nation suffered when the wealthy accumulated excessive economic and political power . In a 1936 campaign speech , FDR said : "  We had to struggle with the old enemies of peace -- business and financial monopoly , speculation , reckless banking , class antagonism , sectionalism , war profiteering . ... Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today . They are unanimous in their hate for me -- and I welcome their hatred . " Lyndon Johnson was more timid in certain respects . Johnson rarely spoke about the obligations of the rich , nor did he push for any kinds of tax increases until later in his presidency . But he was willing to deal with the suffering of those who were not sharing in the prosperity of the era . He argued that a nation as great as the United States could not simply let inequality persist . The centerpiece of his earlier years was the War on Poverty . In his State of the Union address in January 1964 , Johnson said : "  Unfortunately , many Americans live on the outskirts of hope -- some because of their poverty , and some because of their color , and all too many because of both . Our task is to help replace their despair with opportunity . This administration today , here and now , declares unconditional war on poverty in America . ... The richest nation on earth can afford to win it . We can not afford to lose it . " Republicans did not sit by quietly . They attacked him for distributing funds to groups they called radical organizations and spending government money on urban populations . In 1964 , Republican candidate Barry Goldwater said the War on Poverty was an attempt to "  divide Americans . " Johnson responded that his anti-poverty programs would in fact help the poor become self-sufficient and give them the tools to be good citizens . It has become more difficult for Democratic presidents to discuss inequality for three reasons . The first is the rise of the conservative movement , the mobilization of right-wing politicians , activists , and organizations who shifted political debate to the right . Certain questions , such as the role of government in diminishing inequality , became politically explosive . The second reason is the particular state of the economy . During the 1930s , the state of the economic downturn was so severe that business and the wealthy had their backs to the wall , and progressive discussions about inequality received greater support . During the 1960s , the era of economic growth created the impression that the economic pie could continue to expand so that everyone could enjoy the rewards of the expanding GNP . Currently , the economy is stagnant , yet conditions are not as severe as in the 1930s . As a result , discussions of inequality are still politically risky at the same time that they appear to require a zero-sum game where , to ease inequality , one side would have to lose in order for the other to gain . Finally , the campaign system is flooded with private money , with both presidential candidates taking enormous contributions from wealthy interests who have little appetite for policies that would seriously diminish economic inequality , such as strengthening the progressive tax system . As a result , there is strong counter-pressure against any politician , Democrat or Republican , who is thinking of taking this step . Regardless of these changes , a vibrant national discussion about inequality , with the president taking the lead , is essential . The 2012 campaign offers Obama an opportunity to put this problem on the national agenda . The challenge for Obama is that there really is no way around the inevitable attacks , and there is no way to talk about economic inequality other than talking about it . Rather than looking for rhetorical tricks , Obama should instead focus on having the best arguments in response to the conservative attacks . This will require borrowing from Roosevelt a defense of how a vibrant middle class will be crucial to revitalizing America 's economic position in the world , and from Johnson an argument that the ethical obligation to help the poorest is incumbent on our democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	President Obama reportedly asked historians for defense vs. ` class warfare ' attacks Zelizer : There 's no way for president to avoid conflict over the issue of inequality Two Democratic presidents -- FDR and LBJ -- found different ways to raise the issue , he says Zelizer : Today 's economic stagnation increases the difficulty of addressing inequality
CNN  -- As Pope Benedict XVI steps down , the moral authority and future of the Roman Catholic Church depends on the next pope forcefully dealing with child sex abuse in its ranks . Benedict had the power to effect fundamental , institutional change from the top that would have protected children of future generations . Benedict failed to change the Vatican 's traditional methods of handling child sex abuse by priests and so abuse of children continued , with thousands of more cases . Before his installation as pope , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger was the keeper of the traditional papal secrecy around sexual abuse as the leader of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . He issued Vatican orders directing cardinals , archbishops and bishops to keep credibly accused priests in ministry , to move them to a different parish or to keep them in the priesthood because they were too young , too infirm or their removal would cause too much scandal for the church . As pope , he condemned the abuse more strongly than his predecessors , but he did nothing to really change the situation . News : How is a new pope elected ? What must the next pope do to regain trust and moral authority ? There are seven concrete measures the future pope can and must implement to bring about change within the clerical culture on child sexual abuse . First , disclose the names of all the clerics credibly accused and known to the Vatican worldwide along with the country , state and parish or school where the offenses were allegedly committed . More than a dozen bishops have already created such lists and made them public . Second , publicly disclose all of the documents within the Vatican 's archives that pertain to reports of child sex abuse , the Vatican 's response to it and the hierarchy 's role in the abuse . The church must begin to make amends to survivors , and exposing the secrets and concealment contained in such documents is a critical step . Third , revise church canon law and Vatican protocols so that no secrecy surrounds child sex abuse . Secrecy is toxic , and in it , child abuse flourishes . Fourth , require each bishop and church official to report clergy accused of sexual abuse of minors to law enforcement . Opinion : Benedict a pope aware of his flaws Fifth , retain independent and outside professionals to conduct an audit to assure compliance and reliability . An example of a case where this independent investigation worked is the Louis Freeh Report regarding Penn State and the Jerry Sandusky sexual abuse scandal . Sixth , retain independent and outside professionals , nonclerics who do not have a requirement of obedience to the pope and bishops , to conduct investigations into child sex crimes by clergy . Seventh , retain independent and outside professionals to train , educate and modernize child protection procedures and protocols in every diocese worldwide . To move forward , the Roman Catholic Church and its leader , the next pope , ultimately must handle child sexual abuse among its clergy with transparency and honesty , rather than internally and secretly . Then and only then will the church and its leader regain any moral authority and move the Roman Catholic Church forward from the 16th century to the 21st on child protection . Can any and all of these things be actually done ? Of course . But if past is prologue , the Vatican will continue to operate above the law in denial , minimization and blame . News : The pope in retirement -- What to expect I do believe though that there is hope and promise for a better future with a transformative and transparent attitude at the top , with a new pope dedicated to openness and accountability for all clerics who have participated or been complicit in these crimes . I represent thousands of survivors of childhood sexual abuse by clergy , and in two of those cases , I have named Pope Benedict XVI and the Holy See as defendants , because I truly believe that all roads lead to Rome and thus , responsibility is seated there . Until and unless there is transformational change at the top , they will continue to be faced with worldwide and mounting global crises , external pressures and the continuing fall of a moral empire . Until there is change at the top , it is business as usual . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Anderson .	Jeff Anderson : Pope Benedict XVI 's departure is an opportunity for real reform of child abuse Next pope must stop culture of secrecy , he says ; make names , documents public Vatican protocol and law must change and abuse reported to police , he says Anderson : Real change will come only with transformation from the top
CNN  Percy Sledge , the R&B belter whose biggest hit , "  When a Man Loves a Woman , " became a cornerstone of soul music , died Tuesday . He was 73 . Sledge died in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , said Stephanie Price of the East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner 's Office . Sledge died of natural causes , said East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner Dr. William Clark . He had been in hospice care for cancer , Clark added . In a career that started in the 1960s , Sledge had a number of hits , including "  Take Time to Know Her , " "  Warm and Tender Love " and "  It Tears Me Up " among them . But his first and biggest hit , "  When a Man Loves a Woman , " towered over them all . Over a mournful , slowly rising instrumental track provided by organist Spooner Oldham , drummer Roger Hawkins and guitarist Marlin Greene -- key musicians of what became the Muscle Shoals sound , heard on countless soul records -- Sledge crooned , pleaded and roared his way through the tune . It came directly from the heart : Originally called "  Why Did You Leave Me Baby , " he 'd written it about a former girlfriend , drawing from a tune that he used to sing to himself as a child . "  I hummed it all my life , even when I was picking and chopping cotton in the fields , " the Alabama-born singer told the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . At the time , Sledge was working as a hospital orderly , picking up gigs at night with a group called the Esquires Combo . In a fit of generosity , he gave the songwriting credit for "  Woman " to two of the Esquires , Calvin Lewis and Andrew Wright , who had helped him with a few chords . The song was recorded on February 17 , 1966 , in Sheffield , Alabama . Atlantic Records picked it up and wanted to redo the slightly out-of-tune horns , but the original version ended up being released . It hit No. 1 on May 28 , 1966 . "  Southern soul had at last entered the mainstream of pop in the unlikely guise of the ultimate make-out song , " music historian Peter Guralnick wrote . Producer Jerry Wexler called it "  a holy love hymn . " Sledge never saw a dime of songwriting royalties . He had some regrets about that , he told Blues and Soul magazine -- the song would have helped provide for his children -- but he accepted it . "  Worst decision I ever made . But I am not at all bitter . I figure if God wanted me to do what I did , and say what I did to tell those guys they could have the song , then I 'll leave it that away , " he told the magazine . "  When a Man Loves a Woman " became a standard , covered many times -- Michael Bolton took it to No. 1 in 1991 -- and featured on several movie soundtracks . It was even the title of a 1994 film starring Andy Garcia and Meg Ryan . Sledge 's version also returned to the charts , hitting the UK top 10 in 1987 . Even with his other hits , he said , it all came back to "  When a Man Loves a Woman . " "  The granddaddy to all of my songs . The boss of all of my songs . I have great respect for that song , " he told Blues and Soul . "  Always will . " Sledge was inducted into the Rock Hall in 2005 . His death was followed two weeks later by that of another '60s soul legend , Ben E. King , who had an enduring hit in 1961 with "  Stand By Me . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this story .	"  When a Man Loves a Woman " singer Percy Sledge dies at 73 Sledge died Tuesday morning in Baton Rouge , Louisiana "  When a Man Loves a Woman " is cornerstone of soul music , much covered and much played
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- A wake for a 7-year-old girl abducted and killed near her north Georgia home will be held in Puerto Rico on Monday , her family said . Friends and loved ones will honor Jorelys Rivera at a day-long wake in the family 's hometown of Penuelas . She will be buried Tuesday , said her father , Ricardo Galarza . The girl 's mother , Joseline Rivera , arrived in Puerto Rico Sunday on the same airplane that carried her daughter 's remains , CNN affiliate WAPA reported . She said she was trying to stay strong for her other two daughters . "  I tell them , she was a princess and she is with God the father now , who is going to take care of her , " Rivera told WAPA . Joseline Rivera wore a T-shirt with Jorelys ' picture as she walked through the airport , cradling her 1-year-old daughter in one arm and holding her 4-year-old daughter 's hand . Galarza said Sunday that he was "  relieved " that Jorelys ' remains had arrived in Puerto Rico . He told CNN last week that he last saw his daughter two years ago when she visited for the summer . She was supposed to have returned for Christmas . Jorelys disappeared December 2 near a playground at a Canton , Georgia , apartment complex . Searchers found her body in a compactor-type trash bin there three days later . Authorities have accused 20-year-old Ryan Brunn -- a maintenance worker at the complex -- of killing her . Jorelys died of blunt force trauma to the head and was stabbed and sexually assaulted , according to authorities . A date for Brunn 's arraignment has not been set . David Cannon Sr. , one of Brunn 's court-appointed attorneys , has said that his client will plead not guilty . On Sunday , Rivera told WAPA that if authorities have evidence showing Brunn killed her daughter , he should face the death penalty . "  The truth is I ca n't tell you if it was him or if it was n't him , because I had never seen him before , " she said .	NEW : Jorelys Rivera 's mother says she is trying to stay strong for her daughters The slain girl 's father says he is "  relieved " her remains are in Puerto Rico The girl , 7 , will be buried in Penuelas on Tuesday , he says The child disappeared December 2 and was found dead three days later
CNN  -- Independence Day is a celebration not just of America 's independence , but also of the values that are important to our nation , like liberty , democracy and human rights . Recently , former President Jimmy Carter suggested that America should be a little less self-congratulatory and a little more self-critical . He was concerned that America is abandoning its role as a leading advocate for human rights . It is hard to disagree with some of his observations . But , America has not fallen behind in providing moral leadership in the world . The current period is no different from earlier decades . It is not , as Carter said , either "  cruel " or "  unusual . " There is no doubt that both the Bush and Obama administrations have trampled on fundamental human rights norms on the grounds that certain sacrifices must be made in order to protect American national interests . The question naturally arises : Could n't the United States have found ways to fight terrorism without turning human rights into collateral damage ? There is evidence that sacrificing human rights has not made America any safer . For instance , the increased use of drone attacks might or might not have disrupted terror networks in Pakistan and Afghanistan , but we do know that they have killed and injured countless civilians and inflamed anti-American rhetoric . The issue is n't whether the United States will be able to win a popularity contest in the region  this is doubtful even in the best of times  , but rather , that alienating large swaths of the local population makes it much more difficult to defeat terrorism . Where to find exceptional America Similarly , in the name of counterterrorism , the United States has pursued worrisome policies , including targeted assassinations overseas and intrusions on civil liberties . While our country 's counterterrorism policies have compromised its respect for human rights norms , a little perspective is needed . America 's human rights policy is bigger than its counterterrorism policy . We should not judge the record on the basis of how the United States has fought terrorism . We have made good strides . In the last 10 years , the United States has been one of the largest supporters of the International Committee of the Red Cross , despite the fact that the Red Cross makes it a point to remind the United States and other governments of their commitments to international humanitarian law . The Obama administration has championed women 's rights and reproductive health , children 's rights , religious rights and other areas of central concern to the lives of hundreds of millions of people around the world . And although the United States still refuses to become a full-fledged member of the International Criminal Court , it has begun to play a supporting role . When the United States speaks about human rights , other countries listen . We do not need a perfect score from Human Rights Watch to have our views respected . When other countries choose not to listen to the United States or follow its lead , it is not necessarily because we do not practice what we preach ; instead , it is because those countries see human rights as a potential threat to their rule . Even if the United States had an unblemished human rights record , the Bashar al-Assads of this world are still going to massacre their people and authoritarian governments will still imprison and torture their dissidents . On the other hand , we must not redact the inconvenient truths of American foreign policy . Looking further back into our history , our record in international human rights is a mixed bag . During the Cold War , successive administrations indulged dictators on the grounds that it was necessary for containing Communism . Shamefully , the United States did not ratify the genocide convention until 1988 . The Clinton administration did nothing to stop the Rwandan genocide in 1994 . The world ratified the International Criminal Court in 2002 without our participation . The United States also has repeatedly censored its own views on China 's human rights record for fear of hurting a key strategic and economic relationship . We 're No. 1 ! We 're No. 1 ! We 're ... uh ... not ? Even in better days , the United States has often made rotten compromises in the name of security . Simply put , the United States has championed human rights when it sees no damage to its security and economic interests . But when human rights are perceived as potentially detrimental to national interests , the United States has consistently chosen interests over values . America 's support for human rights has had its ups and downs . Hopefully , in the future we 'll see more ups than downs , and have more to celebrate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Barnett .	Michael Barnett : Fourth of July is also about celebrating our values , like human rights Barnett : America has not fallen behind in providing moral leadership in the world He says the current period is no different from earlier times , it is not "  unusual " or "  cruel " Barnett : Simply put , the U.S. has consistently chosen national interests over values
CNN Student News  -- April 25 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Yemen • Misrata , Libya • St. Louis , Missouri Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . BEN TINKER , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Hey there , everyone . Happy Monday , and thanks for tuning in to CNN Student News . I 'm Ben Tinker , filling in today for Carl Azuz , who 's got the day off . As we kick off the last week of April , we 're going to get things started today in the Middle East . First Up : Unrest in Yemen TINKER : There 's a deal being discussed in the nation of Yemen that would remove that country 's president from power . That 's something protesters have been pushing for weeks . They 've been marching through the streets , demonstrating . And in several cases , those demonstrations have turned violent , with fighting between protesters and security forces . The protests are centered around this man : President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who 's been in power for more than 30 years . This deal , which was put together by a group of countries in that region , says that President Saleh has to step down within 30 days . It also gives him and anyone who served in his government complete immunity from prosecution . Thousands of Yemeni people are angry at the deal , especially because it offers immunity to Saleh . They also want him to step down immediately . But as of Sunday afternoon , President Saleh had not signed the deal , and government representatives insist he wo n't unless the opposition groups agree to it . Libya 's Revolution Explainer TINKER : From Yemen , we move west to the North African country of Libya and the city of Misrata . The battle to control that city has gone on now for seven weeks . Hundreds of people have been killed in the fighting between Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces and the rebels who want him out of power . Over the weekend , Libyan officials said they stopped their operations in Misrata , but a rebel spokesman calls that a flat-out lie . CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson , who 's been covering the conflict in Libya , explains how we got to this point and what some of the potential outcomes might be . BEGIN VIDEO NIC ROBERTSON , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Well , Libya 's had Moammar Gadhafi leading the country for almost 42 years , and there 's been a push to see democratic change there . Although Libya is on Tunisia 's borders , the revolution in Tunisia really came to its initial conclusion with the ouster of President Ben Ali , who took exile in Saudi Arabia . That really sparked the revolution that then took place in Egypt , on the other side of Libya . So really , it was these two events , on both sides of Libya , that then gave the confidence to the opposition . People want democracy . And people want the chance , now , to choose their own political leaders ; to have political parties ; in some cases , to have a voice in their own futures . It went from being a sort of an "  unarmed civilian against government " situation that we saw in Tunisia and Egypt , into more of an armed rebel revolt against the government , which is where it is today . You have the rebels in Benghazi to the east . You have Gadhafi in his seat of power and with the support of a lot of the principle tribes of the country in Tripoli . And you have a siege around the town of Misrata , where rebels are surrounded by government forces and are being shelled . It 's reaching a stalemate of sorts , but behind the scenes , there are political back channel talks that are going on . The foreign minister has talked about the possibility of an interim solution , being an interim government that would last for six months before elections . But at the same time , Britain , France and Italy are talking about sending advisers for the rebels , which potentially will stiffen positions , stiffen the Libyan government 's position , and make it harder , potentially , to reach any kind of a deal . Two potential futures : one is that there is a cease-fire , troops on the ground to monitor a cease-fire , an interim government and , ultimately , elections . There 's been a lot of blood-letting so far ; it 's going to be hard to walk away from this situation right now without further bloodshed . The other scenario is that both sides dig in deeper , refuse to negotiate , and there becomes a much wider-spread civil war in the country . END VIDEO I.D. Me STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me . I 'm a U.S. city that 's located on the Mississippi River . I was named after a French king . I 'm known as the Gateway to the West , and I 'm home to the Gateway Arch . I 'm St. Louis , Missouri , and I was first established in 1764 . Tornado Damage TINKER : A tornado ripped across parts of St. Louis Friday night , and this is what was left behind . The twister and fierce winds were estimated at anywhere between 110 to 200 miles per hour . This thing damaged 750 homes , left tens of thousands of people without power . But incredibly -- thankfully -- there were no reports of any deaths or serious injuries . A local minister said "  buildings can be replaced , but lives can not . " The tornado also hit the airport in St. Louis . No planes were able to fly out on Saturday , but this plane you 're looking at was one of the first to take off on Sunday . Our Dan Simon gives us an inside look at the incredible impact this storm had on the airport . BEGIN VIDEO DAN SIMON , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Airport security cameras show what it was like inside the moment the tornado struck . Right now , everything appears fine . Then the lights go out , debris starts swirling , TSA officers run for cover . Another angle in front of a food stand . Watch as this guy on a cell phone looks behind him and sees things are not normal . Seconds later , it appears this whole concourse is swept up by the powerful wind . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Get out ! Go back inside ! SIMON : The aftermath : a scene of broken windows and an airport that has to be quickly shut down . One arriving passenger says he saw the wind actually force a plane to slide 20 feet from the gate . ROSS TAYLOR , PASSENGER : By the time we got to the terminal , lights were out , there was glass everywhere , it was just open . There was blood everywhere from where people had been cut . SIMON : The tornado ripped through nine separate communities , destroying dozens of homes . But amid all the devastation , mostly just minor injuries . Authorities credit that to people heeding the warnings . WES BROWN , NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE : And that was not only because we had a 34-minute lead time from the National Weather Service , but because our media partners carried that warning immediately to the public , and thirdly , that the public did what we have told them to do . SIMON : Still , with so many dislodged from their homes , the Red Cross opened several shelters . Back at the airport , crews began the tedious process of boarding up windows . Any glass that had a crack was taken down . Airport officials say most operations will resume when the power is restored . While the airline traffic may resume , the cosmetic damage you see here may take months to repair . Dan Simon , CNN , St. Louis . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : It 's time for the Shoutout ! Easter marks the end of what religious observance ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is it : A  Vespers , B  Pentecost , C  Lent or D  Advent ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Easter marks the end of the 40-day period of Lent . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Easter Celebrations TINKER : In the Christian faith , those 40 days of Lent are a time for prayer and penance and a time to prepare for Easter . That holiday , of course , was yesterday , as many of the world 's two billion Christians celebrated the resurrection of Jesus Christ . Services and ceremonies took place around the world , including at the Vatican , led by Pope Benedict XVI . During his Easter blessing , the Pope urged an end to the violence in Libya and other Middle Eastern countries . And the Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia held its annual Easter Sunrise Service ceremony yesterday . It began with a prelude from the U.S. Navy Band , and worshippers also heard from the U.S. Army chief of chaplains . Nominate a CNN Hero TINKER : CNN Heroes are everyday people who are changing the world . But how can you nominate someone to be a CNN Hero ? Well , it all starts on our home page . Just scroll on down to the "  How Do I " box and click on "  nominate a CNN Hero . " That 'll get you to all the information you need . Nominations are open right now . Just head to CNNStudentNews.com to learn all about it . Before We Go TINKER : Before we go , we want you to check out a truly magical sport . Although this version is a little more grounded in reality . It 's quidditch ! And if that name does n't cause a little bit of a quizzical question for you , you must not be a fan of Harry Potter . The books and movies feature the sport , where contestants fly around on broomsticks . This college team just has to hold the broomsticks between their legs . Quidditch is quickly -- and not so quietly -- becoming popular on a lot of college campuses . Goodbye TINKER : I guess you could say the high-flying sport is really taking off . And I 'd imagine that a win in that battle of the broomsticks would be a sweep victory , indeed . Time for us to fly . For CNN Student News , I 'm Ben Tinker .	Examine the controversy surrounding a deal for Yemen 's president to step down Explore the background of Libya 's civil war , as well as the possible outcomes Witness the impact of a tornado as it ripped through the St. Louis airport Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- In April 2009 , the White House released a presidential memorandum declaring that democracy and human rights in Cuba were "  national interests of the United States . " Assistant Secretary of State Arturo Valenzuela repeated the message in May of this year to the Cuban-American National Foundation in Miami . The Obama administration , he said , wanted "  to promote respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms ... in ways that will empower the Cuban people and advance our national interests . " Fine words . But if the administration really wanted to do something in the national interest , it would end the 50-year-old policy of political and economic isolation of Cuba . The Cuban embargo can no longer even pretend to be plausible . On the contrary , it has contributed to the very conditions that stifle democracy and human rights there . For 50 years , its brunt has fallen mainly on the Cuban people . This is not by accident . On the contrary , the embargo was designed to impose suffering and hunger on Cubans in the hope that they would rise up and overturn their government . "  The only foreseeable means of alienating internal support , " the Department of State insisted as early as April 1960 , "  is through disenchantment and disaffection based on economic dissatisfaction and hardship . " The United States tightened the screws in the post-Soviet years with the Torricelli Act and the Helms-Burton Act -- measures designed , Sen. Robert Torricelli said , "  to wreak havoc on that island . " The post-Soviet years were indeed calamitous . Throughout the 1990s , Cubans faced growing scarcities , deteriorating services and increased rationing . Meeting the needs of ordinary life took extraordinary effort . And therein lies the problem that still bedevils U.S. policy today . Far from inspiring the Cuban people to revolution , the embargo keeps them down and distracted . Dire need and urgent want are hardly optimum circumstances for a people to contemplate the benefits of democracy . A people preoccupied with survival have little interest or inclination to bestir themselves in behalf of anything else . In Cuba , routine household errands and chores consume overwhelming amounts of time and energy , day after day : hours in lines at the local grocery store or waiting for public transportation . Cubans in vast numbers choose to emigrate . Others burrow deeper into the black market , struggling to make do and carry on . Many commit suicide .  Cuba has one of the highest suicide rates in the world ; in 2000 , the latest year for which we have statistics , it was 16.4 per 100,000 people . A June 2008 survey in The New York Times reported that less than 10 percent of Cubans identified the lack of political freedom as the island 's main problem . As one Cuban colleague recently suggested to me : "  First necessities , later democracy . " The United States should consider a change of policy , one that would offer Cubans relief from the all-consuming ordeal of daily life . Improved material circumstances would allow Cubans to turn their attention to other aspirations . Ending the embargo would also imply respect for the Cuban people , an acknowledgment that they have the vision and vitality to enact needed reforms , and that transition in Cuba , whatever form it may take , is wholly a Cuban affair . A good-faith effort to engage Cuba , moreover , would counter the common perception there that the United States is a threat to its sovereignty . It would deny Cuban leaders the chance to use U.S. policy as pretext to limit public debate and stifle dissent -- all to the good of democracy and human rights . And it would serve the national interest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Louis Perez Jr. .	Louis Perez : U.S. administration has said Cuban democracy is U.S. 's "  national interest " If President Obama wants change in Cuba , he must lift embargo , he says While struggling to survive , he says , Cubans have no energy for political reform Perez : Lifting embargo would deny Cuba leaders U.S. policy as an excuse
CNN  -- In 1966 , British soccer legend Geoff Hurst booted a right-foot shot against Germany in the World Cup championship game . The ball struck the top crossbar and rifled down near the goal line before spinning out . Confusion ensued ; it was impossible to tell if the ball had crossed the plane . Eventually , officials awarded the goal , and England secured its first and only World Cup victory . Try not to remind German fans . "  They ca n't take it away now anyway , " Hurst told Britain 's The Telegraph last year . "  It is in the book . " He 's right , but soccer 's governing bodies are doing their best to ensure a similar controversy over a so-called "  ghost goal " never happens again . And as fate would have it , they 're turning to a German company for help . A new system According to official estimates , FIFA is paying a small German start-up nearly $ 3.5 million to operate its new goal-line technology in the 2014 World Cup , which kicks off Thursday in Brazil . The company , called GoalControl , would install 14 cameras in each of the 12 World Cup stadiums that triangulate the motion of the ball with maximum precision : up to 500 images per second . With that tracking , plus sensors on the goal line , GoalControl can instantly alert a referee when the ball crosses the line . There 's no need to consult a replay booth or another official ; the referee in charge merely looks at their smartwatch . In other words , say "  tchau " to ghost goals in Brazil . "  The cameras are connected to a powerful image-processing computer system which tracks the movement of all objects on the pitch and filters out the players , referees and all disturbing objects , " a GoalControl representative said . If the system registers that the ball has crossed the goal line , it can send a vibration and a visual "  GOAL " signal to referees ' watches within a second . GoalControl says the idea was developed by Dirk Broichhausen , a company founder , after he attended a soccer match in Germany in which there was a dispute over a goal . He began contacting technicians the next day . For Broichhausen 's fellow Germans , though , the invention came nearly a half-century late . The tipping point For years , FIFA President Sepp Blatter dragged his feet before introducing technology to the soccer field . At various points , he complained it would lead to dramatic increases in play stoppage , or that it limits human officials . Two things changed his mind : the quick , accurate nature of new systems such as GoalControl , and a high-profile controversy involving two familiar opponents . Forty-four years after Hurst 's 1966 miracle , Germany met England during a World Cup knockout match in South Africa . In the first half , English midfielder Frank Lampard sent a powerful strike toward the goal , which -- of course -- hit the top frame , dropped near the goal line , and bounced out . A goal was not given . Unlike 1966 , however , instant replay revealed the truth : the ball had clearly crossed the line , and England was unjustly denied a goal . Germany won , 4-1 . But for FIFA and its president , it was the ultimate embarrassment . Blatter said Lampard 's ghost goal was the moment he changed his mind . "  For me as FIFA president it became evident the moment what happened in South Africa in 2010 , " he said at FIFA headquarters after the incident . " ... I have to say ` thank you Lampard ' . I was completely down in South Africa when I saw that it really shocked me , it took me a day to react . " Debate rages on Still , there are vocal opponents to introducing technology to soccer officiating . UEFA President Michel Platini is the most prominent . He controls popular European tournaments including the UEFA Champions League . Earlier this year , Platini told CNN he remains staunchly against goal line technology , philosophically and practically . "  I prefer that we have more referees to see if there is a penalty foul and if the ball is going over the line . We do n't need perfect cameras to see the ball , " he said . Platini also mentioned the high cost , estimating that implementing the technology in the UEFA Champions League could cost â ‚ ¬ 52 million , or nearly $ 70 million . "  I prefer to give these millions of Euros to grass-roots , to the young players in football , to some infrastructures so they can play football , " he said . Cost is also a barrier for Major League Soccer . In a statement , league officials said they have not found the right mix of ease , effectiveness and price concerning goal-line technology , although they support its use in theory . "  We have met with multiple goal-line technology system manufacturers and have been carefully monitoring plans to implement the system , " the league said . "  As of today , the time required to purchase , receive , install and properly test the equipment precludes MLS from considering the approved system for use , but we will continue to monitor the progress . " Most professional American sports leagues use technology to aid officials in some form . Most recently , Major League Baseball expanded its instant replay rules this season . At any rate , one man is overjoyed with the new technological developments : World Cup hero Geoff Hurst . "  If we had this system 50 years ago , it would have shown quite clearly the ball was at least a foot over the line , " he said .	After years of debate , FIFA introduces goal-line technology to the World Cup German start-up company selected , sells system to FIFA for $ 3.5 million High cost remains an implementation barrier for UEFA , Major League Soccer 2014 World Cup kicks off Thursday in Brazil
Activists were calling for students to walk out of school and employees to walk off the job nationwide Monday to protest police violence . Organizers said at least 60 such events were planned around the country , mostly at colleges and universities , according to a website listing the protests . At the University of Nevada-Las Vegas , protesters planned a die-in at the student union , while demonstrators in Illinois were asking students and employees along the Chicago Loop to walk out of school and work together , to name a few of the planned demonstrations . In solidarity with Ferguson , Missouri , most of the protests were planned at 12:01 p.m. CT , the time Michael Brown was shot . Over the Thanksgiving weekend , Ferguson-area organizers called for a Black Friday shopping boycott , forcing the St. Louis Galleria Mall to shut down temporarily on the busiest shopping day of the year . St. Louis officials urged Galleria retailers to close security gates after several hundred protesters entered the mall and disrupted shopping . Protesters chanted , "  Hands up , do n't shop , " while others lay on the floor in a "  die-in . " If supporters did shop , they were told to take their money to black-owned businesses , some of which were listed on social media . Brown , the teenager , was black ; Officer Darren Wilson , who shot him , is white .	At least 60 walkout events planned around the country in solidarity with Ferguson Walkouts were planned at 12:01 p.m. CT , which is the time Michael Brown was shot
CNN  -- A Massachusetts grand jury has indicted a 98-year-old woman , accused of strangling her 100-year-old nursing-home roommate , on a second-degree murder charge . Prosecutors say Laura Lundquist killed centenarian Elizabeth Barrow , a resident of Brandon Woods Nursing Home in Dartmouth , after the two women had an argument over a table Lundquist had placed at the foot of Barrow 's bed . Barrow was found dead September 24 with a plastic shopping bag tied loosely around her head , according the Bristol County district attorney 's office . An autopsy indicated Barrow had been strangled . Barrow complained that the table obstructed her path to the bathroom , authorities said . When a nurse 's aide moved it , Lundquist punched the aide and grumbled that her roommate "  might as well have the whole room , " prosecutors said . District Attorney C. Samuel Sutter said Barrow repeatedly complained that Lundquist was making her life "  a living hell " in the weeks leading up to the woman 's death , and that Lundquist remarked that she would outlive her roommate . A nursing home spokesman said the facility twice presented Barrow with the chance to change either rooms or roommates , but she declined each time . He compared the pair to "  sisters , " saying they took "  daily walks together ... ate lunch together every day , and were heard at night saying , ` Good night , I love you , ' to each other . " Lundquist 's attorney , Carl Levin , contends his client was not involved in Barrow 's death , saying , "  We maintain her innocence . " A superior court judge granted a motion to send Lundquist to a state hospital for a competency evaluation . An arraignment will be held only if Lundquist is found competent to stand trial .	Prosecutors say Laura Lundquist , 98 , strangled Elizabeth Barrow , 100 The two allegedly argued about a table Lundquist had placed at the foot of Barrow 's bed Nursing home spokesman : Barrow declined offers to change rooms or roommates Spokesman : The two women were like "  sisters , " took daily walks together
Paris  CNN  -- Three Americans died when a private jet crashed at a small airport in the south of France , a local official said Friday . Two men , ages 24 and 51 , and a 30-year-old woman were on board the plane when it crashed at Castellet airport , said Didier Couve , a spokesman for the Prefecture of the Var department . The three were the only people on the plane , Couve said . The airplane , a Gulfstream IV , belonged to Universal Jet Aviation , a charter company with three U.S. locations and one in London . "  Universal Jet Aviation confirms an aviation accident involving one of our Gulfstream IV aircrafts at Le Castellet , France , and we currently have no further details concerning the circumstances of this incident , " said a member of the charters department , who declined to give his name , citing company policy . "  There were no passengers on board the aircraft although the flight crew was lost . We are cooperating with all investigative agencies . Our focus at this time is supporting the needs of the crew and their families . " A spokeswoman for the airport said emergency services are on site . The plane crashed at the end of the runway , she said . The aerodrome is between the cities of Marseille and Toulon , on the Mediterranean coast . NTSB : Cockpit weather displays could mislead private pilots Small plane with unresponsive pilot crashes into Gulf of Mexico CNN 's Alexander Felton and Ines de La Cuetara contributed to this report .	NEW : Charter company confirms three crew members , no passengers on board Two men and a woman were killed , official says The private jet crashed at the end of a runway at Castellet airport The small airport is in the south of France , near Toulon
CNN  -- Madonna scored her eighth number-one on the Billboard Top 200 album chart with her latest release , "  MDNA . " According to Nielsen SoundScan , the 53-year-old pop icon sold 359,000 units , giving her the biggest album debut of 2012 . This also marks the Material Girl 's fifth consecutive studio album to reach the top of the charts . Billboard 's Keith Caulfied says the only female with more number-one albums is Barbra Streisand with nine . "  MDNA " was released March 26 to reviews that seemed to range from lukewarm to enthusiastic , especially from dance music aficionados . A number of tracks seem to deal with her well-publicized divorce from director Guy Ritchie in 2008 after seven years of marriage . Although Madonna showcased her first single , "  Give Me All Your Luvin ' " in a slicky-produced halftime show at the Super Bowl in February , she 's kept a low profile in the weeks leading up to the album 's release . She made a brief surprise visit to Miami 's Ultra Festival on March 24 . The only interview she gave in support of "  MDNA " was a live Facebook chat with Jimmy Fallon . But album sales did receive an additional boost by fans who bought tickets to her upcoming world tour , which kicks off May 29 with two shows in Tel Aviv , Israel . Ticket-buyers were given an option to purchase the album in a bundle with their concert tickets . These album sales were folded into the SoundScan tally . By contrast , veteran pop star Lionel Richie landed at number-two on this week 's Billboard Top 200 with his new album , "  Tuskegee , " which was heavily promoted on television and sold 199,000 units . That figure is certainly nothing to sneeze at -- it 's Richie 's highest-charting record since he released "  Dancing on the Ceiling " in 1986 . "  Tuskegee " remakes 13 of his greatest hits with such country superstars as Shania Twain , Blake Shelton and Kenny Chesney .	"  MDNA " is Madonna 's fifth consecutive studio album to top the charts The 53-year-old pop icon 's album sold 359,000 units Lionel Richie was at number-two on Billboard 's Top 200 with his new "  Tuskegee "
CNN  This week , Google CFO Patrick Pichette made headlines when his resignation memo announcing his retirement surfaced in the media . But the uproar was n't that Pichette was quitting so much as why . "  After nearly seven years as CFO , " he began , "  I will be retiring from Google to spend more time with my family . " What he wanted now was to enjoy life at home and abroad with his wife , to "  grab our backpacks and hit the road -- celebrate our last 25 years together by turning the page and enjoy a perfectly fine midlife crisis full of bliss and beauty . " The letter , which he said he wrote in part because , "  so many people struggle to strike the right balance between work and personal life , " has been held up as a manifesto for the "  work/life balance " ideal that 's become something of the new American dream . The media has described it as "  powerful " and "  unusually reflective . " Google co-founder and CEO Larry Page said , "  Well worth reading , it will warm your heart . " But if Pichette 's work/life balance was achieved by quitting his job to go see the world , what message does it send to the rest of us seeking work/life balance ? What message does it send to those workers -- and in particular women -- who are constantly told they can "  have it all , " or who can be at the top of their field and have a family ? What does it say to all those women to whom we say that , with a little "  leaning in " or "  playing big " they do n't have to choose between work and life ? Successful women from Sheryl Sandberg to PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi have spoken out about the pressure to "  have it all , " and how , perhaps , there 's really no such thing . Research backs them up . A November 2014 study published in the Journal of Health and Social Behavior found that women show more signs of depression as they move up the career ladder . Similarly , a survey of Harvard Business School grads found that the pressure women put on themselves to balance work and family is causing them significant stress . The survey also found that the majority of men expected their partners to take primary responsibility for childcare -- and indeed that happened in more than 70 % of cases . And yet in recent years , "  work/life balance " has been held up as a legitimately attainable ideal , one that you can achieve if only you give your personal life as much attention as your professional one . But if you look at those we tend to hold up as models of that ideal -- those who leave work earlier , silence their cellphones more , retire , as in the case of Pichette , at 52 -- are they really striking a balance ? Which is why talking about work/life balance at all is a perilous business , an invitation to fail . Having it all is very difficult , if not downright impossible . Pichette , after all , did not practice work/life balance . He wrote , "  I was always on -- even when I was not supposed to be . " Like many successful men  and women  , he was likely able to work as hard as he did while still having a family because he had the support of someone at home . "  When our kids are asked by their friends about the success of the longevity of our marriage , they simply joke that Tamar and I have spent so little time together that ` it 's really too early to tell ' if our marriage will in fact succeed . " It 's in jest , of course , and yet likely rooted in some serious reality . This is a man who did n't achieve work/life balance as an executive . Of course , one could argue that the idea of balancing work with life may be harder for men than for women , who are the traditional breadwinners and the ones more likely to find self-worth through their work . This is one reason we see many wealthy , powerful men working well into their 80s . At the same time , it 's undeniably easier for these men to make a decision to leave the whole thing early . Pichette retires as Google 's highest paid executive , with millions in stock incentives . He can afford to retire and not even have to work for the remainder of his life . The rest of us are nowhere close to having that luxury of choice . Corporate America , it should be noted , shoulders much of the blame for keeping balance at arm 's length , with increasingly long days and ever-tightening limits on vacations , paid leave and other "  benefits . " We should n't have to leave our jobs to achieve balance , and the fact that some do , means that companies need to make real changes . That includes staffing workplaces reasonably , putting workers ' well-being on par with profits , showing workers you do n't expect them to be "  on " all the time . Only then will real work / life balance start to take shape . Until then : "  Google CFO Patrick Pichette 's Goodbye Note Will Make You Dream of Quitting Your Job , " so reads a headline at ABC News . Indeed , that 's the kicker . Pichette can "  carpe diem " and "  find balance , " if that 's what he 's doing , at 52 , because he truly does have choices . But for most of the workers in America , finding that sort of balance -- or choosing life over work -- will remain an impossible dream .	Google CFO Patrick Pichette 's memo announcing his resignation in order to seek work/life balance went viral Peggy Drexler : Most Americans who want to find work/life balance do n't have the luxury to just quit their jobs
The New York Times magazine is running a bombshell story alleging that the Pakistanis knew all along that Osama bin Laden was living for years in his longtime hiding place in the northern Pakistan city of Abbottabad , where he was killed by a U.S. Navy SEAL team on May 2 , 2011 . The Times story , titled "  What Pakistan Knew About bin Laden , " will carry weight : It was written by Carlotta Gall , the dean of the correspondents who have covered Afghanistan and Pakistan since that fateful day in 2001 , when al Qaeda 's four hijacked planes crashed through America 's comfortable sense that vast oceans insulated it from its enemies . At great personal risk Gall has authoritatively covered the war in Afghanistan for the past 12 years . Indeed , I first met her during the civil war in Afghanistan during the mid-1990s when she was an aid worker , and I have met her many times since . I encouraged her  along with , I 'm sure , many others  to write a book about her reporting in Afghanistan , as no Western reporter has more to say about what has transpired there since the fall of the Taliban . The bin Laden story in the New York Times magazine is an extract from Gall 's forthcoming book , "  The Wrong Enemy : America in Afghanistan , 2001-2014 . " Gall makes two astonishing claims in her Times magazine piece . The first claim : An unnamed Pakistani official told her , based on what he had in turn heard from an unnamed senior U.S. official that "  the United States had direct evidence that the ISI chief , Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha , knew of bin Laden 's presence in Abbottabad . " ISI is Pakistan 's powerful military intelligence agency . The second claim : "  The ISI actually ran a special desk assigned to handle bin Laden . It was operated independently , led by an officer who made his own decisions and did not report to a superior . He handled only one person : bin Laden ... the top military bosses knew about it , I was told . " It is , of course , hard to prove negatives , but having spent around a year reporting intensively on the hunt for al Qaeda 's leader for my 2012 book "  Manhunt : The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden From 9/11 to Abbottabad , " I am convinced that there is no evidence that anyone in the Pakistani government , military or intelligence agencies knowingly sheltered bin Laden . How did I arrive at this conclusion ? On three reporting trips to Pakistan I spoke to senior officials in Pakistan 's military and intelligence service . They all denied that they had secretly harbored bin Laden . OK , you are thinking : "  But they would say that , would n't they ? " Well , what about the dozens of officials I spoke to in the U.S. intelligence community , Pentagon , State Department and the White House who also told me versions of "  the Pakistanis had no idea that bin Laden was hiding in Abbottabad " ? During the course of reporting for my book I spoke on the record to , among others , John Brennan , now the CIA director and then President Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser ; then CIA Director Leon Panetta and his chief of staff , Jeremy Bash ; then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ; then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , Adm. Mike Mullen ; then Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , Gen. James Cartwright ; then director of the National Counterterrorism Center , Michael Leiter ; then senior director for counterterrorism at the National Security Council , Nick Rasmussen ; then head of policy at the Pentagon , Michele Flournoy ; Michael Vickers , who was then the civilian overseer of Special Operations at the Pentagon ; Tony Blinken , who is now the deputy national security adviser ; and Denis McDonough , who held that position before Blinken . These officials have collectively spent many decades working to destroy al Qaeda , and many are deeply suspicious of Pakistan for its continuing support for elements of the Taliban . But all of them told me in one form or another that Pakistani officials had no clue that bin Laden was living in Abbottabad . Indeed , an early debate between senior national security officials at the White House , once CIA intelligence established that bin Laden could be hiding in Abbottabad , was whether to mount a joint U.S.-Pakistani raid on bin Laden 's suspected hideout . This plan was rejected because the officials were concerned that such a joint operation carried the risk that word would leak out about the bin Laden intelligence . This debate would have been moot if the Pakistanis already knew bin Laden was living in Abbottabad . And , by the way , if the U.S. government had any evidence that the Pakistanis were knowingly sheltering bin Laden , as Gall claims , why cover this up ? In 2011 , the relationship between the United States and Pakistan was at its lowest point ever . Early that year a CIA contractor killed two Pakistanis in broad daylight in the city of Lahore , and both countries were trading accusations about each other 's perfidy . The tension was compounded by the fact that the CIA drone program in Pakistan was then at its height , which was deeply unpopular among Pakistanis . What did U.S. officials have to lose by saying that bin Laden was being protected by the Pakistanis if it were true ? The fact is that the senior Pakistani officials Gall alleges were harboring bin Laden were utterly surprised that al Qaeda 's leader was living in Abbottabad . Based on the bewildered reactions of top Pakistani officials to the events on the night that bin Laden was killed , it was obvious to U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan Cameron Munter and to U.S. officials monitoring communications in Pakistan that the Pakistanis had not had a clue about bin Laden 's presence there . Finally , in the course of reporting my book I discovered that bin Laden was even hiding from some of the people living in his own compound ; forget about letting officials in the Pakistani government in on the secret . One of the wives of the bodyguards protecting bin Laden did n't know that the tall stranger hiding on the compound was al Qaeda 's leader . In fairness to Gall , I have heard from four current and former U.S. intelligence and military officials that some of the thousands of documents that U.S. Navy SEALs picked up at bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound that have n't been publicly released could point to some kind of official Pakistani collusion . If that is the case , the Obama White House should release any documents that are relevant so that the American public can be the judge if one of our allies was knowingly harboring bin Laden all along . So far there is no evidence that that is the case .	Peter Bergen : NYT article says Pakistan knew bin Laden was hiding in Abbottabad He says reporter Carlotta Gall is a respected authority , but there 's no evidence Bergen : Why would many high-level U.S. intelligence officials deny Pakistan 's knowledge ? Bergen : If Obama administration has information showing Pakistan knew , it must release it
CNN  -- There 's no bathroom on the right , and Jimi Hendrix never asked to be excused so he could kiss a dude . And , no , no matter how blinded by the light you may have been , you were n't wrapped up like ... a feminine hygiene product . But all those are among the world 's most frequently misquoted song lyrics -- at least according to Spotify . The popular music-streaming service conducted an unscientific poll to find the most commonly botched lines from popular songs . Of course , nobody had to fess up to getting the words wrong themselves . The poll , of 1,042 people , asked for the songs they most commonly hear other people singing incorrectly . The winner ? By a long shot , Manfred Mann 's Earth Band confused the most folks with "  Blinded By the Light , " the 1976 hit written and first recorded by Bruce Springsteen . Fifty-two percent of respondents reported hearing "  Wrapped up like a douche/when you 're rollin ' in the night " instead of the correct lyric : "  Revved up like a deuce/another runner in the night . " Listen : Spotify 's top misquoted song lyrics Jimi Hendrix took the second spot  19 %  with his line "  Excuse me while I kiss the sky , " from "  Purple Haze " being confused for the less abstract , albeit more open-minded , "  Excuse me while I kiss this guy . " And in third place , 14 % of respondents said they 've heard "  Rock the Casbah , " by The Clash , mangled into "  Rock the Cat Box . " We 're not happy about these garbled lyrics , either . Seventy percent of respondents said they get annoyed hearing other people sing lyrics wrong . They said the most common places they hear frustratingly mangled wording is concerts  34 %  , followed by karaoke bars  23 %  , public transportation  20 %  and the office  18 %  . Also ... hubris alert . Five percent of the people who responded to the poll said they "  never " get lyrics wrong themselves .  Might we suggest some early R.E.M. to remedy that ? Here 's the rest of Spotify 's top 10 : -- "  Tiny Dancer , " Elton John . "  Hold me closer , Tony Danza . " Actual lyric : "  Hold me closer , tiny dancer . " -- "  Bad Moon Rising , " Creedence Clearwater Revival . "  There 's a bathroom on the right . " Actual lyric : "  There 's a bad moon on the rise . " -- "  Paradise City , " Guns N ' Roses . "  Take me down to a very nice city . " Actual lyric : "  Take me down to the Paradise City . " -- "  Panama , " Van Halen . "  Animal ! " Actual lyric : "  Panama ! " -- "  Like a G-6 , " Far East Movement . "  Like a cheese stick . " Actual lyric : "  Like a G-6 . " -- "  Waterfalls , " TLC . "  Do n't go , Jason Waterfalls . " Actual lyric : "  Do n't go chasing waterfalls . " -- "  I Try , " Macy Gray . "  I blow bubbles when you are not here . " Actual lyric : "  My world crumbles when you are not near . "	Spotify polled listeners for the songs whose lyrics they most often hear incorrectly "  Blinded By the Light " topped list with its mistaken line , "  wrapped up like a douche " Jimi Hendrix , the Clash and Elton John also made the list Five percent of respondents said they never get lyrics wrong . Liars .
Washington  CNN  -- The Republican congressman spearheading a House probe of alleged Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative political groups accused the head of the IRS on Tuesday of obstructing his panel 's investigation . California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , warned acting IRS chief Daniel Werfel that if "  the IRS continues to hinder the committee 's investigation in any manner , the committee will be forced to consider use of compulsory process . " Issa did not elaborate on exactly what steps his panel 's Republican majority may be prepared to take , though he noted that impeding congressional investigators could result in a prison term of up to five years . "  Obstructing a congressional investigation is a crime , " Issa stressed in a letter co-signed by Rep. Jim Jordan , R-Ohio . "  Despite your promise to cooperate fully with congressional investigations , the actions of the IRS under your leadership have made clear to the committee that the agency has no intention of complying completely or promptly with the committee 's oversight efforts , " Issa said . "  The systematic manner in which the IRS has attempted to delay , frustrate , impede , and obstruct the committee 's investigation raises serious concerns about your commitment to full and unfettered congressional oversight , " Issa wrote . Responding to Issa 's claim , an IRS spokeswoman told CNN the agency is "  aggressively responding to the numerous data requests we 've received from Congress . " "  We are doing everything we can to fully cooperate with the committees , and we strongly disagree with any suggestions to the contrary , " Michelle Eldridge said . Among other things , Issa claimed the IRS has handed over only 12,000 of the more than 64 million pages of documents initially identified as potentially relevant to the investigation into the alleged unfair targeting of conservative outfits seeking tax-exempt status . "  This incredibly slow pace of production has been an unnecessary attempt to frustrate the committee 's oversight efforts , " he said . Edridge , in turn , argued that "  while the volume of raw data collected ... is quite high , it is a misleading figure to use in order to determine the volume of material the IRS will ultimately produce . " "  The vast majority of it is completely unrelated to the congressional investigations , " she said . "  Once the data is limited to the time period in question , and the issue in question , we expect the final tally of produced documents will be far lower -- in the neighborhood of 460,000 documents or fewer . " Eldridge said 70 of roughly 1,500 attorneys in the IRS chief counsel 's office are currently working full time to respond to congressional inquiries into the matter . It is a "  time and labor intensive review process , " she said . For his part , Issa also complained that documents produced by the IRS "  contain excessive redactions that go well beyond those necessary to protect confidential taxpayer information . " Furthermore , Issa asserted that a senior IRS official -- Cindy Thomas -- had been "  affirmatively prevented " from providing congressional investigators with relevant documents in her possession . Additionally , the chairman blasted the IRS for allegedly trying to "  carefully orchestrate the public release " of information contained in a 30-day review of the matter back in June -- before providing the information to the committee . Issa and other Republicans have insisted for months that after President Barack Obama was first elected , the IRS started unfairly targeting conservative outfits seeking tax-exempt status . Democrats , however , argue the IRS improperly scrutinized groups on both the left and right as part of a clumsy attempt to administer vague election-related tax laws . IRS inspector general : Liberals also on target list At a speech in his home state of Illinois last week , Obama ripped what he labeled Washington 's "  endless parade of distractions , political posturing and phony scandals . " The controversy has been the subject of numerous congressional hearings . And on Monday , Issa and Jordan argued for a new investigation -- this time into alleged IRS targeting of conservative groups that already have tax-exempt status . Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on Issa 's panel , called the information underlying the new assertion "  partial and incomplete , " and designed to fit a pre-existing "  political narrative . " House GOP leaders have indicated they intend to keep publicly pressing on the issue this week , voting on a proposal to prevent the IRS from implementing or enforcing any provisions in the president 's health care reform law . Top House Republicans have also suggested their members highlight the matter during the upcoming August congressional recess .	IRS spokeswoman says agency is doing everything possible to comply with congressional investigation GOP Rep. Darrell Issa accuses IRS chief of intentionally obstructing investigation GOP-run House panel investigating alleged IRS targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status IRS has produced only a small fraction of requested documents , Issa says
CNN  -- She was sitting across from me on the bus in Odessa when we struck up a conversation . Her daughter , maybe 2 years old , was playing with her cell phone . Dressed casually in jeans and a shirt , she told me she had finished university and was entering law school . Her husband was a linguist . They lived in Kiev , but had come to the coastal town of Odessa for vacation . She asked what I do . This was midway through my four years of living in Odessa . I told her about my organization , This Child Here , and how we work with orphanages and shelters to help Ukrainian children . Aside from spending on what you would expect on the kids -- clothes , food and medicine -- I told her that I 've paid for horse therapy , sailing lessons , martial arts , English and math lessons , dance classes and more . She listened patiently . Then she said , "  I am an orphan . " This shocked me . "  Where did you grow up ? " "  In an orphanage in a small town in west Ukraine , " she said . "  I had two sisters , there was no father around ; mom could n't take care of us . My sisters and I were separated . " I told her , "  I have never met an orphan who went to university and started law school . Would you mind telling me how you did this ? " Above the noise of the bus , she said , "  You ca n't believe those people who tell you , ` Your mother is an alcoholic , your father does n't want you . You will never be anybody . ' You have to believe in yourself . " Russia warns of civil war if Ukraine uses force to quell eastern revolts A common reason children end up on their own , in an orphanage , or on the streets , is that they were abused . Ukraine is a country that has been abused . The Revolution of 1917 , WWII , Stalin 's starvation of millions , the collapse of the USSR , have all left their marks on Ukraine . Russian President Vladimir Putin is continuing the abuse now by sending troops , tanks and soldiers to Ukraine . First Putin took Crimea . Now , pro-Russian protesters are calling for regional independence in the eastern Ukrainian cities of Donetsk , Kharkiv and Luhansk . This comes on top of the news that a Ukrainian naval officer was shot dead by a Russian soldier in Crimea . No one knows what will happen next . Putin is working from the view that Russia is the parent and Ukraine is a child . But Ukraine is n't interested in hearing that narrative any more . The abuse that Ukraine has suffered in history is bad enough . But the attitude that says "  We own you " is even worse . This conflict is not about Russians versus Ukrainians . Many people in Ukraine speak Russian . They were Russian , now they are Ukrainian . Language is n't the issue . Some Russians have been living in Crimea for generations . They live in harmony with their Ukrainian neighbors . Crimea is their home . There are also Russians who moved to Ukraine for personal , family or business reasons . Ukraine is a developing country , with more freedom to start a business or to be left alone . Wages are low , but there are many opportunities for growth and investment . Until the events in Kiev and Crimea , people did n't think in terms of who was born in Russia and who was born in Ukraine . Now , that may be changing . Putin was enraged by the political fallout in Kiev in February when the Ukrainian parliament impeached pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych after he fled the capital , setting the country up for a new presidential election on May 25 . By annexing Crimea , Putin is punishing Ukraine for standing up for itself . But Ukraine is a country learning to believe in itself . Brooks said it to his team , at least in the film version , "  Miracle on Ice , " as they faced the older , seasoned Russians on the ice . I say it to Ukrainians so engaged in this struggle , "  You were meant to be here . ... This is your time . Their time is done . It 's over . "	Pro-Russian protesters are calling for independence in eastern Ukrainian cities Robert Gamble : Vladimir Putin thinks Russia is the parent and Ukraine is a child He says Ukraine is n't interested in hearing that narrative any more Gamble : In Ukraine , Russians and Ukrainians have lived peacefully until now
CNN  -- It 's a condition practically unheard of in the United States and most Western countries . But in a culture where a woman 's status and dignity is decided by her ability to provide a husband with multiple children , it can be a fate worse than death . "  Obstetric fistula " is a mouthful . But to these women , it 's much more than just a physical injury . They see themselves as the walking dead , says Dr. Justin Paluku Lussy , head of the department of obstetrics and gynecology at HEAL Africa Hospital in Goma , Democratic Republic of the Congo . An obstetric fistula occurs when a woman withstands days of obstructed labor , when a baby 's head is constantly pushing against her pelvic bone during contractions -- preventing blood flow and causing tissue to die . This creates a hole , or a "  fistula , " between a woman 's vagina and her bladder or rectum . Her baby is unlikely to survive . If the mother lives , she is unable to hold her urine and , in some cases , bowel content , Paluku Lussy says . A woman with a fistula , who is perpetually leaking urine and sometimes feces , is often rejected by her husband and shunned by her village because of her foul smell and inability to bear more children . "  These women have so much shame and so much fear . They spend so much money on perfume trying to cover up the smell , " says Alison Heller , a doctorate student at Washington University in St. Louis who is leading a research study of 50 women in Niger awaiting fistula surgery . The women range in age from 15 to 70 . Tanzanian women find hope in corrective surgery An estimated 20 % of Paluku Lussy 's fistula patients report feeling ostracized by their communities , and divorce is common , says the doctor , who started his residency in 2001 at HEAL Africa , a 155-bed tertiary hospital with a fistula repair unit . "  People think fistula patients are witches and just have bad luck , " he says . Although an estimated 2 million women in Asia and sub-Saharan Africa live with untreated obstetric fistula , according to the Fistula Foundation , it 's unlikely for these women to meet or hear of anyone else suffering from the same injuries , because of the lack of modern forms of communication and also the women 's reluctance to discuss the condition , Heller says . In most cases , a woman with a fistula does n't know what a fistula is or that it 's treatable with surgery . And if she does , she is far from any hospital and does n't have money for -- or access to -- transportation , let alone the average $ 450 cost for repair surgery plus postoperative care . One of the youngest in Heller 's study , a 15-year-old girl who was married off to her uncle at age 8 , spent eight months selling bags of candied peanuts in order to raise enough money to pay for a taxi so she could get to a fistula center . Such concerns are foreign concepts to most Westerners , says Dr. Lewis Wall , a professor of obstetrics and anthropology at Washington University in St. Louis . That 's because obstetric fistulas were largely eradicated from the United States by the 20th century , with strides in prenatal care and the use of cesarean section . But pregnancy complications and childbirth are among the leading causes of death and disability for African women , Wall says . Mom 's death inspires doctor 's life work Typical West African hospitals do not have the trained staff or resources to identify and treat fistulas , Heller says . "  Habsu , " one 32-year-old woman in Heller 's study , contracted a fistula in her ninth pregnancy and has had three previous surgeries , all of which have failed . During the latest pregnancy , she was in labor for several days at home in a rural village before receiving medical care . Like many African women , she was malnourished and her pelvic bones were too small for a natural birth . After hours of unsuccessful labor and not knowing how to perform a cesarean , the doctors used a scalpel to sever the baby inside the woman 's birth passage . Over the next few days , the mother delivered her baby , piece by piece , Heller says . Another West African woman in Heller 's study , "  Amina , " also has a severe fistula but only leaks when she sits down . After the seated interview with Heller , Amina apologized , saying she would leak urine once she stood up . "  It was as if a gallon of water was thrown to the ground , " Heller says . "  She was so ashamed . " Many Africans -- both educated and uneducated -- believe there is no cure for fistulas , Paluku Lussy says . When he was in medical school at the University of Goma , he says , "  they used to tell us not to even try to fix them . " But , he says , that 's not the case . Fistulas can be repaired with delicate surgery , which has a fairly good success rate . However , surgeons must be well-trained in the principles of the operation , and good follow-up care is essential so the surgery wo n't fail . Patients with more severe fistulas may need multiple surgeries . Too many mothers still dying Although he is a full-time professor , Wall last year opened the Danja Fistula Center in Niger , a 42-bed hospital specializing in fistula repair surgeries with an operating room , outpatient clinic and hostel facilities for about 100 women . Since opening the fistula center , Wall estimates the facility has taken on 50 fistula cases per month . But it 's very difficult to get trained staff to run a fistula hospital , because of the lack of available education in Africa , he says . Fistula centers rely on donations and can not afford to hire American gynecologic surgeons . But even they are n't ideal candidates for the job -- since they never see fistula in their own country , they have no experience with it , he says . It 's best to have the institution run by locals trained specifically in fistula repair surgery and care . Those who want to help should focus on spreading the word -- awareness is key , he says . Thursday is the first International Day to End Obstetric Fistula ; the United Nations Population Fund will host a variety of events to raise awareness . That 's true for Washington resident Olivia Bowen . She had never heard of obstetric fistula until she read a book featuring a detailed story of an African woman with the condition . Bowen was shocked at how affordable fistula repair surgery is , by Western standards . Bowen started a fundraiser called "  One Week to End Fistulas , " which raises money for repair surgeries for underprivileged women who otherwise lack access . She asks that participants practice yoga daily for a week and raise enough money for one woman to have fistula repair surgery . "  I 'm not a runner . I do yoga . So it 's something that just came naturally to me , " Bowen says . So far , participants have raised about $ 2,250 , or enough to fund five surgeries . Bowen , who is in the process of making the fundraiser a nonprofit organization , says she hopes to help women who have already developed fistula , while the bigger organizations tackle other issues such as poverty , maternal health and human rights . Ultimately , she says , fistula is not just a women 's issue ; it 's a human issue .	African women with obstetric fistula see themselves as the walking dead , doctor says Fistula can be repaired with delicate surgery and follow-up care Many African hospitals and doctors lack education and expertise Thursday is the first-ever International Day to End Obstetric Fistula
In the last week , the Apple iWatch has made the jump from unlikely rumor to a real product that 's probably in development , thanks to well-placed leaks that have been showing up in various publications . The latest is a report from Bloomberg that says Apple already has a team of 100 employees working on a wearable device . The clues , and resulting flurry of speculation , are planting the seeds of an Apple watch in consumers ' minds . The general public has not been crying out for a better watch . Apple dream-product rumors have mostly focused on an elusive Apple TV over the past year . But Apple prides itself on knowing what the people want before they do , and an Apple watch would be way more than just a fancy timepiece . It 's not about the watch form factor , but creating a wearable mobile device that takes advantage of advances in mobile computing technology such as cheap sensors , better battery life and improved voice recognition . An Apple watch could work with an ecosystem of third-party wearable sensors and products that tie into one powerful , small hub . If executed correctly , an Apple watch could spawn a lucrative industry of compatible products , like it did with the iOS App Store and mobile applications . "  It 's unlimited , the number of wearable things you can tap into , " said Gene Munster , an analyst with Piper Jaffray , who imagines small companies making inexpensive products like belts with sensors that alert the watch when you 've eaten too much . Apple is not entering virgin territory . There are already a handful of slick smart watches available , but most act as accessories , connecting to the more powerful Android and iOS smartphones and tablets over Bluetooth . For example , the new Pebble smart watch passes on alerts from a smartphone , so when you receive a text , e-mail , or Facebook notification it is pushed to the watch , which vibrates . Wearable technology is also booming , thanks to cheap sensors that can be used to track things like movement and heart rates . The number of wearable fitness products has been growing at a fast pace , but an Apple offering would shake up the industry completely . "  We 're finally getting some players involved , and Apple 's the real one , that can add some value to some of this wearable technology , " said Munster . Apple is n't alone in seeing the potential for this type of technology . Google is working on its own wearable platform , Google Glasses . The two will face off when they are finally available , each sporting its own unique take on what kind of user interface people will use  voice control and a small touchscreen or augmented reality  . And they will , of course , have their own ecosystems of accessories and apps . Traditional watches have dropped in popularity in recent years . Smartphones prominently display the time and are already in our back pockets , so it can seem redundant to also strap a small clock to our wrists . But when you start packing more power , sensors and connection options like Bluetooth into a watch , it ceases to be a watch and becomes a small wearable computer . An Apple watch could leap frog the current crop of smart watches by creating a platform , not another accessory . According to Munster , the three tasks people use their smartphones for are , in order , texting , Internet and phone calls . Two out of three of those tasks would be a natural fit for a small device , while the need to surf and play games would ensure the smartphone does n't become obsolete .	An Apple watch could pass existing smart watches with more computing , sensor power Bloomberg reports that 100 employees are already working on developing the device A watch could spawn an industry of compatible third-party wearable accessories
CNN  -- Little Rhode Island made big news in the education arena last month . Superintendent Frances Gallo fired all the teachers at Central Falls High School after negotiations with the teachers ' union failed . The move was triggered by low test scores -- only 7 percent of 11th-graders passed the state math tests , and 50 percent of the students at Central Falls failed to graduate in four years . Appalling numbers . Gallo wanted teachers to increase the length of the school day and spend time tutoring kids . The teachers ' union was not convinced . Even President Obama got involved and supported the firing , saying , "  If a school continues to fail its students year after year after year , if it does n't show signs of improvement , then there 's got to be a sense of accountability . " Yes , accountability is right , but who is supposed to be accountable for this massive failure to learn ? The general consensus is that the teachers are responsible . Is it really all the teachers ' fault ? Columnist Ruben Navarrette Jr. thinks so . Having been a teacher himself for five years , he says teachers just like to complain . He does n't say why he is no longer teaching , but he applauds the firing and blames the teachers . Superintendent Gallo agrees . She fired all of them . Everyone agrees that the K-12 schools are failing , but the reasons are not as simple as Navarrette and Gallo think . Firing all the teachers is not the answer . Closing schools is not the answer . Schools are n't failing because the teachers do n't care or are n't trying . It 's not because teachers fail to follow the curriculum . It is n't because they are poorly paid . Teachers go into teaching because they want to make a difference and help kids . They certainly do n't go into teaching to get rich . They do n't want to do a bad job , either ; no one likes to fail . A recent survey of 40,000 teachers by the Gates Foundation shows that teachers are more interested in reform than money . If you examine Central Falls High School closely , a few things stand out : More than 96 percent of the students are eligible for free or reduced lunch , according to the school 's Web site , and only 6 percent of the people in the town have a college degree . Does that tell you something important about the parents ? They are struggling financially and lack postsecondary education . Central Falls provides little or no parental support for students or for the teachers , yet everyone expects teachers to do it all with few resources . Clearly , it does not work . In his book entitled "  Does Money Matter ? the Effect of School Resources on Student Achievement , " Gary Burtless argues that the "  home environment has strong effects on student achievement , stronger in fact than social class effects . " He argues that the most important home environment variables involve "  parents expending time participating in activities with children that enhance learning . " Very little , if any , of this is happening in the communities of a failing school . Look at where the schools are failing -- in the most densely populated areas of the 50 largest American cities . Teachers are not magicians . Low test scores and the dropout rate can not be blamed on the teachers alone . They need help from the parents , help from the community , help from the administrators , help from state and federal governments . Thousands of kids starting kindergarten each year do n't know colors , counting , or even the names of fruits and vegetables . Their vocabularies are hundreds of words fewer than their more advantaged peers . Who is talking to these kids ? The electronic nanny -- the television . No teacher can effectively educate a child without support from the parents . Support at the elementary level means spending time with their child , reading to their child , talking with their child , providing a stable home for their child . Support in high school means a quiet place to study , recognition and approval for kids ' efforts , and helping when they are not doing well . Strong schools have supportive parents and an involved community . Schools like Central Falls High School have struggling communities . To fire all the teachers and blame them for the failure is to dismiss the important role that parents and communities play in the education of their children . Imagine firing all the parents -- does that solve the problem ? What we have in communities with failing schools is parents who are for a variety of reasons -- mostly economic -- failing to parent effectively . They have no time . The job of mothering is passé . Let 's look at how ineffective school closures have been in Washington , where Chancellor Michelle Rhee has closed many schools . Test scores are up , but scores dropped on the federal government 's broader measure of how local schools are doing in meeting the standards of the No Child Left Behind law . Or take a look at the Chicago Public Schools , where former CEO Arne Duncan , now U.S. secretary of education , closed many schools . There 's been little change in scores because students are being transferred to other low-performing schools . It has n't worked because the community 's attitude and level of support has n't changed . A report released on March 1 by The Education Trust shows that schools often lumped together as "  low-performing " are not all alike . "  Examining data from reading and mathematics assessments for elementary and middle schools in ten states , the study 's authors found that some low-performing schools remain stuck year after year , and others that started low performing are among the fastest improvers in their states . " Solving the problem requires individual solutions tailored to each school , not a blanket approach . The U.S. Department of Education needs to change its focus and stop its policy of supporting the closing of failing schools ; it does not bring long-lasting change . No Child Left Behind has had unintended negative consequences . Instead , we as a nation need to support teachers in the classroom and stop using teachers as scapegoats in seeking to solve a major national problem . We need to work with teachers , not fire them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Esther Wojcicki .	Rhode Island school district fired teachers at a failing school Teacher Esther Wojcicki says that 's not the answer to poorly performing schools She says parents , administrators need to share blame , help solve problem "  No teacher can effectively educate a child without support from the parents , " she says
Washington  CNN  -- The son of U.S. Sen. James Inhofe radioed that he was having control problems with his twin-engine airplane and that one of the engines had shut down shortly before the plane crashed November 10 , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . Perry Inhofe , an orthopedic surgeon in Tulsa and the only person on the plane , died in the Owasso , Oklahoma , crash . In a preliminary report , safety board investigators said Perry Inhofe had been cleared to land on runway 18 Left at Tulsa International Airport and had cleared the runway 's outer marker when the plane began a left turn . When the air traffic controller asked Inhofe about the deviation , Inhofe reported that he had a control problem . "  The left turn continued , and the controller then cleared the pilot to maneuver to the west and asked if he needed assistance , " the report reads . "  The pilot informed the controller that the left engine was shut down . " The controller declared an emergency for the pilot and asked about the number on board and the fuel remaining , but got no answer , the report says . The plane , a Mitsubishi MU 2B-25 , completed a 360-degree turn before radar contact was lost . Several witnesses to the crash said one engine propeller appeared not to be rotating as the plane made a left turn and the wings began to rock back and forth . The plane then made a right turn , followed by a left turn , and a steep spiral to the left before it descended out of view , according to the report . The plane 's fire-damaged wreckage was found in a wooded area five miles north of the airport . Eight days after the crash , Sen. Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , spoke on the Senate floor of his "  horrible loss , " thanking the Senate chaplain and others for their tributes for his son .	Perry Inhofe radioed that one of his engines was out , plane had control problems The twin-engine aircraft went down north of the Tulsa International Airport Inhofe , an orthopedic surgeon , was the son of Sen. James Inhofe
Mordovia , Russia  CNN  -- It takes a seven-hour drive east from Moscow to get to the prison camps of Mordovia . Convicted criminals fear the place . It is grim , decaying and intimidating . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , a member of the Russian punk rock collective Pussy Riot , was sent to Mordovia last year for her part in a performance of a "  punk prayer " critical of Vladimir Putin -- then the prime minister , now the president -- at a Russian Orthodox cathedral . Found guilty of hooliganism , Tolokonnikova , 23 , was sentenced to two years in the penal colony . She has less than six months left on her sentence . But on September 23 , she declared the conditions at the prison to be intolerable and began a hunger strike . ` Slave labor ' In a lengthy letter to the news site Lenta  a translated version was published in London 's The Guardian  , Tolokonnikova described "  slave labor " and unsanitary conditions in which women work through sickness and injury up to 17 hours a day and are beaten -- or worse -- for failing to complete their duties . After several days without water , she became so weak that doctors ordered that she be placed in the penal colony 's medical ward on Friday . Four days later , she ended the hunger strike , said Pyotr Verzilov , her husband . But Tolokonnikova will resume her protest if conditions at the prison camp do n't improve , he said . She had started developing complications because of the length of the hunger strike , Verzilov said . Prison authorities have denied Tolokonnikova 's allegations about the situation at the penal colony , accusing her of lying . A similar experience But Svetlana Bakhmina believes every word because she says she lived through a similar experience . Bakhmina was convicted of embezzlement and served three years in a Mordovia prison camp . "  It 's like torture , " she said . "  The system between the administration and the convicts is not just based on subordination , but humiliation , fear , intimidation and physical force . " Bakhmina said she also went on a hunger strike after authorities said she could no longer phone her children . She said the psychological pressure applied to make her quit was harder than the hunger . Maria Alyokhina , another convicted member of Pussy Riot , went on a hunger strike earlier this year , protesting conditions in a different remote prison camp . She drew attention and won concessions . Tolokonnikova is waiting to discover if she has done the same .	Tolokonnikova began her hunger strike to protest prison conditions Her condition deteriorated , and she was hospitalized last week She has suspended the hunger strike , her husband says But she will resume it if conditions at the penal colony do n't improve
For three months , they 've staked their claim to Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , and to Ukraine itself . We will leave only when you pull closer to the European Union , when you change the constitution , when you alter the government 's power structure , they have loudly insisted . But why ? Why have thousands of protesters staked their lives , seemingly , on their desire for political change ? And why has the government resisted their calls so vehemently ? Let 's take a look : 1 . What prompted the protests ? At the heart of the protests is a trade pact . For a year , President Viktor Yanukovych insisted he was intent on signing a historical political and trade agreement with the European Union . But on November 21 , he decided to suspend talks with the EU . 2 . What would the pact have done ? The deal , the EU 's "  Eastern Partnership , " would have created closer political ties and generated economic growth . It would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion , supporters of the pact said . 3 . Why did Yanukovych backpedal ? He had his reasons . Chief among them was Russia 's opposition to it . Russia threatened its much smaller neighbor with trade sanctions and steep gas bills if Ukraine forged ahead . If Ukraine did n't , and instead joined a Moscow-led Customs Union , it would get deep discounts on natural gas , Russia said . 4 . Were there any other reasons ? Yes , a more personal one . Yanukovych also was facing a key EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : Free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his bitter political opponent . Two years ago , she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison , in a case widely seen as politically motivated . Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment . 5 . What happened next ? Many Ukrainians were outraged . They took to the streets , demanding that Yanukovych sign the EU deal . Their numbers swelled . The demonstrations drew parallels to Ukraine 's 2004 Orange Revolution , which booted Yanukovych , then a prime minister , from office . 6 . Who 's heading the opposition ? It 's not just one figure , but a coalition . The best known figure is Vitali Klitschko . He 's a former world champion boxer  just like his brother Wladimir  . Klitschko heads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party . But the oppositon bloc goes well beyond Klitschko and the UDAR . There 's also Arseniy Yatsenyuk .  More on him later . 7 . How did Yanukovych react ? In a way that inflamed passions further . He flew to Moscow , where he and Russian President Vladimir Putin announced Russia would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . And then , when the demonstrations showed no signs of dying down , he adopted a sweepting anti-protest law . 8 . What did the anti-protest law say ? The law barred people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies and from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission . This sparked concerns it could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech -- and clashes soon escalated . The demonstrators took over City Hall for the better part of three months . 9 . But was n't the law repealed ? Yes , ultimately it was . Amid intense pressure , deputies loyal to Yanukovych backtracked and overturned it . But by then , the protests had become about something much bigger : constitutional reform . 10 . What change in the constitution did they want to see ? The protesters want to see a change in the government 's overall power structure . They feel that too much power rests with Yanukovych and not enough with parliament . 11 . What did the government do ? In late January , the President offered a package of concessions under which Yatsenyuk , the opposition leader , would have become the prime minister and , under the President 's offer , been able to dismiss the government . He also offered Klitschko the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues . He also agreed to a working group looking at changes to the constitution . But the opposition refused . 12 . Why did the opposition pass on the offer ? The concessions were n't enough to satisfy them . They said Yanukovych had hardly loosened his grip on the government , nor had he seemingly reined in authorities ' approach to protesters . "  We 're finishing what we started , " Yatsenyuk said . 13 . But over the weekend , it seemed things were getting better , were n't they ? Yes . On Sunday , protesters vacated Kiev 's City Hall , unblocked a major street and left other government buildings in exchange for the government dropping charges against those arrested . But any breakthrough was a distant memory by Tuesday . 14 . Why ? What happened Tuesday ? The opposition wanted to introduce amendments in parliament that would have limited the President 's powers and restored the constitution to what it was in 2004 . But the speaker of parliament refused to allow it . Bloody clashes followed . 15 . Who was to blame for the clashes ? Depends on whom you ask . The government pointed the finger at protesters . The opposition , in turn , blamed the government . Regardless , it was the bloodiest day of protests up to that point ; 28 people died . 16 . Was n't there a truce called ? Yes , the government and opposition agreed on a truce late Wednesday . But it barely took hold -- and blood was flowing again Thursday . 17 . What caused the fresh clashes ? Gunfire erupted Thursday at Maidan , or Independence Square , which has been ground zero for anti-government protesters . At least 20 people died . It 's unclear what prompted the gunfire . Again , finger-pointing followed : The government said protesters broke the truce ; the protesters said the government did . 18 . So , what happens next ? Top international diplomats have been trying to resolve the crisis . There 's also been talk of sanctions . 19 . Will sanctions help ? Analysts warn there 's little that outside pressure could do , especially if the Ukrainian military gets involved on the side of the government . 20 . What 's the takeaway here ? Street protests that started in November over a trade pact have swelled into something much bigger -- a demand that the President loosen his grip on power and the constitution be changed . As a result , the eastern European country is in the midst of a wave of anti-government protests , the likes of which it has n't seen in 10 years . There 's something else : Ukraine , the biggest frontier nation separating Russia and the European Union , is something of a pawn between Russia and the West . The EU and the U.S. think Russia wields a lot of influence . Russia denies it . One open-ended question is how much worse it will all get . "  My own hunch , " said Richard Haass , president of the Council on Foreign Relations , "  is this is going to continue to escalate . "	Ukraine has been rattled by anti-government protests since November The trigger then was the President 's decision not to sign a trade pact with the EU Ukraine is split : Some want to align more with the West , others favor Russia The opposition has also pushed to shift power away from the President
CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates held talks with his Chinese counterpart in Beijing on Monday on the first stop of his weeklong trip to Asia . It is Gates ' second visit to the country since he assumed the post in December 2006 . The trip is intended to deepen the military relationship between the United States and China -- a relationship that suffered a setback last year when Beijing objected to Washington 's sale of defensive weapons to Taiwan . Ahead of his arrival in Beijing , Gates told reporters traveling with him that he intended to discuss strategies and policies to avoid "  miscalculations and misunderstandings and miscommunications . " Gates also wants the two nations to hold more high-level visits , he said . "  My own view is that a positive , constructive , comprehensive relationship between the United States and China is not just in the mutual interest of the two countries , but in the interests of the region , and I would say the globe , " he said . For his part , Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie told Gates that the relationship will require efforts from both sides to resolve disagreements . "  The Sino-U.S. military relationship has new opportunities for development . It also faces challenges , " Liang was quoted as saying by the state run Xinhua news agency .	NEW : Liang : Relationship has opportunities and challenges The trip is Gates ' second to China since he became defense secretary The relationship between the two sides suffered a setback last year Gates has said he wants the two nations to hold more high-level visits
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With U.S. gasoline prices setting records , opponents of the war in Iraq have raised a new complaint this week : The budget windfall that skyrocketing oil prices has given Baghdad . Iraqi employees attend the opening ceremony of a new oil refinery plant in Najaf , Iraq , on March 15 . Crude oil futures topped $ 112 a barrel in Wednesday 's intraday trading in New York -- up from about $ 35 a barrel before the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Though Iraq 's oil exports have yet to top prewar levels , the price rise has meant a $ 6.4 billion surplus for the Iraqi government , according to the Pentagon 's last quarterly report on the war . With the five-year-old war 's cost to U.S. taxpayers estimated at more than $ 600 billion , the Iraqi windfall provoked sharp questions from Congress during two days of testimony by the top U.S. officials in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker . "  This nation 's facing record deficits , and the Iraqis have translated their oil revenues into budget surpluses rather than effective services , " Rep. Ike Skelton of Missouri , the Democratic chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , said Wednesday . "  Under these circumstances and with a strategic risk to our nation and our military readiness , we and the American people must ask : Why should we stay in Iraq in large numbers ? " Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , R-California , proposed the Iraqi government pay the cost of stationing U.S. troops in its country under any future agreement between Washington and Baghdad -- and said he would introduce legislation to require that . "  The United States government and the people of the United States have paid an awful price , " Rohrabacher said . "  It 's time for the Iraqis to pay that price for their own protection . " Crocker said Iraq has allocated $ 13 billion for reconstruction projects in 2008 and plans to add another $ 5 billion this summer . The U.S. focus will shift to improving Iraq 's economy at the local level and expanding its export capacity , he said . "  The era of U.S.-funded major infrastructure projects is over . We are seeking to ensure that our assistance , in partnership with the Iraqis , leverages Iraq 's own resources , " he said . Five years after Baghdad fell to a U.S.-led army , many Iraqis still lack basic services such as water , sewer connections and electricity . Nevertheless , Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said the government is "  doing its best " to spend money to improve the country . "  I think the government has a responsibility , definitely , to care for its people , to provide services and to use the oil money for reconstruction and development , " Zebari said . The United States has committed about $ 45 billion to Iraq 's reconstruction since the March 2003 invasion , according to a report last month from the Government Accountability Office . The agency , the investigative arm of Congress , concluded that Iraq 's oil revenues could top $ 100 billion in 2007 and 2008 . When President Bush announced he was dispatching almost 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Iraq in January 2007 , he told Americans that Iraqis would spend $ 10 billion on reconstruction projects and pass a law allocating the country 's oil wealth as steps toward a political settlement of the war . The GAO , however , found Iraq had spent only 7 percent of that budget by November 2007 , and the proposed oil law has stalled in the country 's fractious parliament . Deputy Prime Minister Barham Saleh blamed the ongoing insurgency and the "  socialist command economy " left behind by ousted dictator Saddam Hussein for the slow pace of reconstruction . "  At the time we were trying to reform it , open up the system , when we are faced with the terrible challenge of al Qaeda and this tornado of terrorism afflicting the society day in , day out , " Saleh said . "  People should not be too judgmental . " But Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said Tuesday the issue is "  a burr in the saddle of the American people " -- particularly since Bush administration officials told Congress before the invasion that Iraq could finance its own reconstruction with oil revenues . Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina -- a Republican opponent of the war -- pointed out the United States "  is borrowing money from foreign governments to pay our bills " while oil and gas prices have more than doubled . "  The issue is that we in this Congress are going to be cutting programs to help our elderly with health care , " he said Wednesday . "  The American people want to know that the Iraqi government understands that we do not have treasure and blood to go on and on and on . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jill Dougherty in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Pentagon : Rising oil prices result in a $ 6.4 billion surplus for the Iraqi government The Iraq war 's cost to U.S. taxpayers is estimated at more than $ 600 billion Lawmaker proposes Iraq should pay the cost of stationing U.S. troops Ambassador : "  The era of U.S.-funded major infrastructure projects is over "
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly a year after commandos killed Osama bin Laden at a compound northern Pakistan , U.S. officials "  still have work to do " in order to defeat al Qaeda , a top counterterrorism official said Sunday . "  We 're on a path to al Qaeda 's destruction , and the president has committed that we 're not going to rest until al Qaeda is destroyed as an organization in the Afghan-Pak area , as well as in other regions of the world , " John Brennan , U.S. President Barack Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser , told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Killing bin Laden and dismantling the terror group 's infrastructure in areas of Pakistan and Afghanistan have been key steps , Brennan said . Officials believe Ayman al-Zawahir , the longtime deputy of bin Laden who took over leadership of al Qaeda after his death , remains in that region , Brennan said . "  We believe he 's in that region of the world , as well as other al Qaeda leaders that continue to borough into areas of ... the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan . That 's why we 're working very closely with our Pakistani partners , " he said . "  We 're not going to relent until they 're brought to justice one way or the other . " The United States also has its sights set on al Qaeda targets in Yemen and Africa , he said . When asked about a new political ad featuring former President Bill Clinton praising Obama for the decision that led to bin Laden 's death , Brennan , who also worked with the CIA for 25 years , stressed , "  I do n't do politics . I 'm not a Democrat . I 'm not a Republican . " "  It was a tough decision . As we know , the evidence was not there as far as an iron-clad case . A lot of it was circumstantial , " the counterterrorism adviser said . "  I just know that President Obama , when the time came for him to make a momentous decision like that , he took the action that did bring bin Laden to justice . " Speaking to reporters Friday , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said there was no "  silver bullet " that would destroy al Qaeda . "  The way this works is that the more successful we are in taking down those that represent their spiritual and ideological leadership , the greater our ability to weaken their threat to this country , " he said . The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security last week warned of the possibility of terrorist attacks leading up to and after the anniversary of the May 2 , 2011 , killing of bin Laden . There is no specific , credible terror threat , the agencies said . The warning , released by the FBI and DHS , says individuals have posted messages on "  violent extremist Web forums " vowing attacks on the United States around the anniversary , but adds that "  such threats are almost certainly aspirational . " On Sunday , Brennan said the United States has "  reduced significantly " al Qaeda 's "  ability to carry out attacks against the homeland . " "  Their ability has been degraded significantly , and our defenses have improved significantly also in the past decade , so their ability to carry out an attack here in the United States now , compared to 10 years ago , is significantly diminished , " he said .	The United States will not rest until al Qaeda is destroyed , John Brennan says John Brennan says U.S. officials "  still have work to do " in order to defeat al Qaeda Officials believe bin Laden 's successor could be hiding out in Pakistan 's tribal region , he says The U.S. has "  reduced significantly " the terror network 's ability to attack , he says
CAVITE CITY , Philippines  CNN  -- At 16 , Rhandolf Fajardo reflects on his former life as a gang member . Efren Peñaflorida 's Dynamic Teen Company offers Filipino youth an alternative to gangs through education . "  My gang mates were the most influential thing in my life , " says Fajardo , who joined a gang when he was in sixth grade . "  We were pressured to join . " He 's not alone . In the Philippines , teenage membership in urban gangs has surged to an estimated 130,000 in the past 10 years , according to the Preda Foundation , a local human rights charity . "  I thought I 'd get stuck in that situation and that my life would never improve , " recalls Fajardo . "  I would probably be in jail right now , most likely a drug addict -- if I had n't met Efren . " Efren Peñaflorida , 28 , also was bullied by gangs in high school . Today , he offers Filipino youth an alternative to gang membership through education . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year "  Gang members are groomed in the slums as early as 9 years old , " says Peñaflorida . "  They are all victims of poverty . " For the past 12 years , Peñaflorida and his team of teen volunteers have taught basic reading and writing to children living on the streets . Their main tool : A pushcart classroom . Stocked with books , pens , tables and chairs , his Dynamic Teen Company recreates a school setting in unconventional locations such as the cemetery and municipal trash dump . Peñaflorida knows firsthand the adversity faced by these children . Born into a poor family , he lived in a shanty near the city dump site . But he says he refused to allow his circumstances to define his future . "  Instead of being discouraged , I promised myself that I would pursue education , " he recalls . "  I will strive hard ; I will do my best . " In high school , Peñaflorida faced a new set of challenges . Gang activity was rampant ; they terrorized the student body , vandalized the school and inducted members by forcing them to rape young girls , he says . "  I felt the social discrimination . I was afraid to walk down the street . " Peñaflorida remembers standing up to a gang leader , refusing to join his gang . That confrontation proved fateful . At 16 , he and his friends "  got the idea to divert teenagers like us to be productive , " he says . He created the Dynamic Teen Company to offer his classmates an outlet to lift up themselves and their community . For Peñaflorida , that meant returning to the slums of his childhood to give kids the education he felt they deserved . "  They need education to be successful in life . It 's just giving them what others gave to me , " he says . Today , children ranging from ages 2 to 14 flock to the pushcart every Saturday to learn reading , writing , arithmetic and English from Peñaflorida and his trained teen volunteers . Watch Peñaflorida and his group in action with their push cart classroom " "  Our volunteers serve as an inspiration to other children , " he says . The group also runs a hygiene clinic , where children can get a bath and learn how to brush their teeth . Since 1997 , an estimated 10,000 members have helped teach more than 1,500 children living in the slums . The organization supports its efforts by making and selling crafts and collecting items to recycle . Take a look at the slums where Peñaflorida and his group spend their Saturdays " Through his group , Peñaflorida has successfully mentored former gang members , addicts and dropouts , seeing potential where others see problems . "  Before , I really did n't care for my life , " says Michael Advincula , who started doing drugs when he was 7 . "  But then Efren patiently dug me from where I was buried . It was Efren who pushed me to get my life together . " Watch Advincula describe how he met Peñaflorida in the slums " Today , Advincula is a senior in high school and one of the group 's volunteers . Peñaflorida hopes to expand the pushcart to other areas , giving more children the chance to learn and stay out of gangs . "  I always tell my volunteers that you are the change that you dream and I am the change that I dream . And collectively we are the change that this world needs to be . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Dynamic Teen Company and see how to help .	Efren Peñaflorida was bullied by gangs in high school in the Philippines Now his Dynamic Teen Company offers an alternative to gangs through education Since 1997 , some 10,000 members have taught more than 1,500 children in slums Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- At least 28 people were killed Wednesday after a boat carrying asylum seekers crashed into cliffs along the shore near the coast of Christmas Island , Australia 's minister for immigration and citizenship said . Rescuers were able to pull 43 people from the "  dangerous " waters and one person was able to swim to shore . "  It 's a very difficult situation for everybody involved and of course , particularly , for those on Christmas Island : for the asylum seekers and for those involved in the rescue , " Minister Chris Bowen said in an Australian radio interview . "  Those involved in the rescue -- both the naval officials , the customs officials and the locals -- did an outstanding job in saving so many people yesterday . " Bowen noted -- as Australia 's border protection agency did earlier -- that weather in the area is treacherous . "  The rescue is being conducted in extremely difficult and dangerous conditions , " the Australia 's border protection agency said in a statement . ' "  We will continue the search until last light and review the situation and determine what further actions might need to be taken before first light tomorrow . " Bowen said 11 of the survivors were "  clearly children or say they 're under 18 . Of the deceased , we do n't know yet . " Bowen also said it was unclear how many people were on the boat . "  People who have survived say that there were between 70 and 100 , but we really do n't know and we probably never will , " he said . Most of the people on the boat were from Iran and Iraq , a rescue worker told Sydney radio station 2GB . "  Eyewitnesses told us that they saw babies being held in people 's arms and then when the boat was hit by the wave and crashed up against the rocks , they could no longer see those young babies , " said Jessica Campanaro , a reporter with the Australian radio station . "  There is an ongoing situation which involves a rescue of people off Christmas Island , " a statement from Australian Customs and Border Protection said . "  Our paramount priority is the safety of all involved . " The group will be transferred to Christmas Island where they will undergo security , identity and health checks and their reasons for travel will be established , according to the Customs and Border Protection statement . The tragedy has spurred discussions of Australia 's immigration policies , but Minister Bowen said there would time enough for those discussions later . "  It 's appropriate that there be a political discussion about this , and people will have strong views , " he said . "  My focus , together with -LSB- Minister for Home Affairs -RSB- Brendan O'Connor and the prime minister -LSB- Julia Gillard -RSB- is on the situation we have at Christmas Island . There 'll be inquiries and investigations , but I think what we can best do today is lend our support to the valiant rescue efforts of our naval and customs personnel , and also the locals on Christmas Island who responded magnificently . " Christmas Island is an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean , nearer to the Philippines than to Australia . The island is about 1,600 miles northwest of the western Australian city of Perth and 220 miles south of the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . CNN 's Mila Sanina contributed to this report .	NEW : 28 are dead after boat carrying asylum seekers crashes into cliffs NEW : Australian minister says 44 have been rescued The group will be transferred to Christmas Island , police say
CNN  -- Russia began to cut off natural gas supplies to Belarus on Monday as talks over unpaid debts continued , Russian state media reported . President Dmitry Medvedev gave the order for Russian energy giant Gazprom to start restricting gas supplies , company CEO Alexei Miller said , according to official Russian news agency RIA-Novosti . Miller said the cut , which began Monday , will be "  gradual , daily and proportional to the volume of debt . " Belarus has refused to pay Russian gas rates of $ 169 per 1,000 cubic meters for the first quarter of the year and $ 185 for the second quarter , RIA-Novosti reported . The former Soviet republic has instead been paying $ 150 since Jan. 1 , ringing up a large debt in the process . Russia 's action could hurt customers farther down the pipeline . Belarus has said it will be technologically unable to ensure complete natural gas transit to Europe , if Russia cuts gas supplies to Belarus by 85 percent , state media reported . In the past , other countries including Austria , Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Germany , Romania , Greece and Turkey have complained that their gas supplies have been affected as Russia trimmed output to upstream customers like Belarus and Ukraine . Gazprom is the world 's biggest producer and exporter of natural gas -- and Russia 's most powerful company . It controls 20 percent of the world 's natural gas reserves and operates the world 's largest gas distribution network covering an area from Europe to the Far East , according to its website . Gazprom exports energy to 32 countries and provides around 25 percent of the European Union 's gas supplies . Formed in 1989 to replace the Soviet Ministry of the Gas Industry , Gazprom is closely tied to the Russian government , which owns a controlling 50 percent stake in the company . Medvedev is a former Gazprom chairman . In recent years , an increasingly confident Moscow has used Gazprom to assert its authority over Russia 's former sphere of influence by offering heavily subsidized gas to ex-Soviet countries . But that policy has led to disputes as Gazprom has then sought to raise prices . Gazprom has switched off gas supplies to another former republic -- Ukraine -- several times in recent years in a row over payments and Kiev 's rejection of proposals to hike rates . Those disputes ended earlier this year when Russia agreed to a 30 percent drop in the price of natural gas sold to Ukraine , in exchange for permission to extend Russia 's lease of a major naval base in the Black Sea port of Sevastopol , Ukraine , for 25 years .	NEW : Belarus says it ca n't guarantee natural gas transit to Europe Talks to continue over debts owed to Russia by Belarus Gas cuts will be "  gradual " Gazprom operates the world 's largest natural gas distribution network
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea on Thursday warned North Korea of serious consequences if it rejects an offer to hold talks about the dire situation at their shared manufacturing zone where Pyongyang has halted activity amid recent tensions . The South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Kim Hyung-seok urged the North to respond to the offer of talks over the zone , the Kaesong Industrial Complex , by noon on Friday . Kim said that if Pyongyang turns down the offer , Seoul would have no choice but to take "  grave " measures . He did not specify what those measures might involve . Seen as the last major symbol of cooperation between the two countries , the Kaesong complex is a joint economic zone on the North 's side of the border that houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies . Earlier this month , during a frenzy of fiery rhetoric directed at South Korea and the United States , the North began blocking South Koreans from entering the complex across the heavily fortified border . It then pulled out the more than 50,000 North Koreans who work in the zone 's factories , saying it was temporarily suspending activity there . Since the North started preventing people from entering the zone from the South Korean side , the number of non-North Koreans in there has steadily dwindled from more than 800 before the crisis began . As of Wednesday , 176 South Koreans and one Chinese person remained in the Kaesong complex , according to South Korean authorities . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	South Korea calls on North to respond to offer of talks by noon on Friday It warns of "  grave " measures if Pyongyang rejects the offer North Korea suspended activity at the joint industrial zone this month
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia 's security service has foiled a plot to attack the 2014 Winter Olympics in the Black Sea city of Sochi , state media reported Thursday . Authorities arrested three men this week in Georgia 's breakaway republic of Abkhazia on charges of plotting the attack in a joint operation with Abkhazian security services , the Russian National Anti-Terrorism Committee said , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . The three are suspected of being ringleaders of a regional cell of the North Caucasus-based terrorist group Caucasus Emirate . Police seized weapons , including three portable surface-to-air missiles , two anti-tank guided missiles , a mortar and a flamethrower , the news agency said . The militants planned to move the arms to the nearby resort city of Sochi and use them to carry out terrorist attacks during the Games , it quoted the National Anti-Terrorism Committee as saying . The U.S. State Department added the Caucasus Emirate , a Chechen group based in the North Caucasus , to its list of foreign terrorist groups , and has authorized a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to the location of its leader , Doku Umarov . The State Department said Umarov organized a suicide bombing outside the Chechen Interior Ministry in May 2009 . His group also claimed responsibility for last year 's bombing of Domodedovo Airport in Moscow that killed 36 people , the 2010 bombings of the Moscow subway that killed 40 and the 2009 bombing of the high-speed Nevsky Express train in which 28 people died . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	Three men were arrested this week on suspicion of plotting the attack , state media says Police seize weapons , including anti-tank missiles , state media reports The Russian resort city of Sochi will host the Winter Olympics in 2014
CNN  -- Americans are in a period of amazingly negative thinking about the state of our country . A recent Gallup analysis drove home how deep and how threatening the current mood is . Gallup asked Americans in early June how much confidence they had in our nation 's institutions . The answer : not much . Only 30 % had "  a great deal " or "  quite a lot of confidence " in the Supreme Court . Just 29 % felt that way about the presidency . And an abysmal 7 % had faith in the Congress . Who is the worst president since WWII ? Think about what this means . Our most trusted national institution , the unelected Supreme Court , has the confidence of almost  but not quite  one out of every three Americans . The presidency is slightly weaker and the Congress collapses to fewer than 1 in 10 Americans . Gallup also did some comparative analysis using findings from its World Poll and the trends regarding Americans ' views on government are even more sobering . In the poll , 79 % of the American people believe corruption is widespread in government . That is a jump of 20 points since 2006 , when 59 % of the country thought government was corrupt  a year when the country was dissatisfied enough that the ruling Republicans lost control of both the House and Senate  . The Gallup analysis demonstrates that Americans are more likely to believe their government is corrupt than people in Brazil , Hungary or Tajikistan , to cite just three examples . In January of this year , Gallup found that more Americans picked bad government and corruption as our biggest problem than picked any other challenge , including the economy and unemployment . These are stunning numbers . When four out of five Americans believe government is corrupt , something is profoundly wrong . It is a lot bigger than Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton or for that matter George W. Bush . Under the weight of this negativity , there has been a dramatic decline in satisfaction with the freedom we have to choose how we live our own lives . The number of people saying they are dissatisfied has jumped from 9 % in 2006 to 21 % in 2013 . This 12-point jump in dissatisfaction tied the United States for No. 10 among countries suffering the most rapid decline in satisfaction . The other countries that have experienced drops of that scale are seriously troubled places , including Pakistan , Yemen , Cyprus , and Spain  where youth unemployment is approaching 60 %  . To put this in context , the Gallup numbers show that in 2006 the United States was one of the top countries in the world when it came to satisfaction with freedom . By 2013 it had dropped out of the top 25 % of all countries . A country in which 4 out of 5 people believe their government is corrupt is a country teetering between a populist uprising and a collapse into cynicism , passivity , and fatalism . These results suggest we will either renew our commitment to the rule of law , the punishment of corruption and the insistence on honest self-government or we will cease to be America as the land of the free and the land of opportunity . This Fourth of July weekend , we need to remember what our Founding Fathers did to create the liberty we enjoy and dedicate ourselves to a new burst of freedom and a new wave of political reform that cleans up the corruption and re-establishes the right of every American to dream and to work to fulfill that dream . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich is concerned about poll showing Americans have little faith in government Gingrich : If most believe government is corrupt , we are teetering between an uprising and cynicism Without change , he says , we could cease to be the land of the free and of opportunity
CNN  -- The Iranian attorney for two American hikers released last week said Thursday he was briefly detained by security forces following a raid on his home . Masoud Shafiee told CNN that security forces searched his apartment on Tuesday and took him to Evin Prison in Tehran for questioning . It was the same prison where his clients , Americans Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer , were held for two years . He said security forces seized his files , including those regarding the case of Fattal and Bauer , and his computer 's hard drive . "  I do not know what they were looking for , " Shafiee said . Fattal , Bauer and Bauer 's now-fiancee , Sarah Shourd , were arrested after straying across the unmarked border between Iraqi Kurdistan and Iran in July 2009 . Shourd was released in 2010 , but Bauer and Fattal were freed last week after 781 days in captivity and a trial for espionage that Bauer said was based on "  ridiculous lies . " Shortly after their release , Fattal and Bauer thanked numerous people who helped secure their freedom , including their attorney . Shafiee "  was never allowed to represent us properly , but he never gave up , " Fattal said . Security forces questioned Shafiee about the two Americans , he said . "  They were very polite and respectful . But the very act of taking a lawyer to prison and searching his home just because he had done his duty seems excessive and reflects negatively on Iran 's judiciary , " Shafiee said . Before he was released , Shafiee said he was asked to write a letter guaranteeing that he would appear in court whenever he was requested to do so . It was not immediately clear what , if any , allegations Shafiee may face . Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report	Iranian security forces seize files relating to the case of two American hikers , an attorney says "  I do not know what they were looking for , " he says Masoud Shafiee represented Americans Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer The two Americans have been released after two years in an Iranian prison
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- As I raised my hands toward the ceiling and then pointed them toward my head , I had to wonder : How would the 19th-century Russian writer Nikolai Gogol feel if he knew that a bunch of foreigners were dancing the YMCA at a nightclub named after him ? The iconic St. Basil 's Cathedral in Red Square takes on a brighter , more colorful look at night . Gogol the man is considered the father of modern Russian realism , with works such as "  Dead Souls . " Gogol the cafe-club is considered a favorite hangout for Russians and expatriates alike , perfect for meals , coffee , fruity cocktails and music 'til everyone clears out around 2:30 a.m. , when Moscow 's "  real " nightclubs heat up . Since the Soviet Union fell in 1991 , Russia 's capital city has progressed in many ways , breaking free of old social structures while struggling to maintain its cultural heritage . The city has preserved a lot of its old beauty , boasting monuments such as St. Basil 's Cathedral and gorgeous landscapes such as Tsaritsino Park . At the same time , there are Internet cafes and 24-hour bookstores , and you 'd be hard-pressed to meet someone who does n't carry a cell phone . But , as an American studying abroad at Moscow State University , I sometimes felt perplexed in this immense modern metropolis that still makes certain familiar conveniences inconvenient . In Moscow , kiosks for adding money to your cell phone seem far more common than ATMs . Even nice restaurants with $ 40-minimum meals -- for example , the best beef stroganoff and fried cheese balls of your life -- accept only cash , no cards . After two weeks , I never figured out where to buy a nail clipper -- but I did see Vladimir Lenin 's body , perfectly preserved since 1924 . View more photos of Moscow " At the university , I had to present a special ID card to one set of guards at the entrance , a dorm pass to another crew , and then confront a third layer of hallway-based security before arriving at my room . I also needed written approval from my floor 's "  administrator " to take luggage out of the building . Then , there 's money . Moscow , or "  Moskva " in Russian , holds the distinction of the world 's most expensive city , according to Mercer 's 2008 Worldwide Cost of Living Survey . Be prepared for fees from your bank and the Russian bank whenever you use an ATM . Try to stay away from touristy restaurants for meals , and do your souvenir shopping at Izmailovsky Market  Metro : Izmailovsky Park  instead of in stores . The expatriates I encountered all echoed the sentiment that Moscow is a city of constant stress . Maybe that 's why I will always love most the Moscow I experienced at night . The monuments that look mildly impressive by day suddenly come to life with light against the onyx sky . You can look out over Sparrow Hills and see the endless glittering skyline , or settle down somewhere like Gogol  Metro : Tverskaya  for vodka-enhanced beverages and music from around the world . And , as long as you know "  Mozhna ? "  "  May I ? "  and "  Spasiba "  "  Thank you  , " it matters less that few people speak substantial English . Café Bilingua  Metro : Chistye Prudy  is another cozy place to mingle with locals and ex-pats for hours on end -- you can have your coffee in the tiny two-story book shop , or take it up to the restaurant and performance section . Another bar I liked is Etage  Metro : Pushkinskaya  , right off Pushkin 's Square near a large neon-light sculpture of flowers  how would the great poet feel about that ?  . Nightclubs dedicated to too-many-people-to-move dance floors do n't start up until well after midnight . Propaganda  Metro : Lubyanka  , conveniently located near the headquarters of the KGB , spins all kinds of dance music -- go on a Thursday evening for a less crowded experience . Then there 's The Real McCoy  Metro : Barrikadnaya  , so packed with people that merely crossing the room to stand in the bathroom line requires bumping bodies to the beat . At first we could n't even get in because the bouncer shook his head at my Swiss friend . But , as always , it 's all about who you know -- my Spanish friend 's Spanish friend had VIP status , so we went as his entourage to an upscale restaurant-like room in the back . Part of my Moscow nightlife adventures included riding on an overnight train . For my trip from St. Petersburg to Moscow , I had been told at every ticket office that only seats were available . But upon boarding at midnight , I asked a crew member if I could have a bed . Five minutes and $ 80 later , the fleshy man who took my ticket had locked me into a less-than-closet-sized space with him . I prepared to claw at the door with my untrimmed nails and scream . "  Close , " he said . Then he unlocked it to demonstrate "  open . " He stepped out , gave me a stiff wave , and said , "  See you in Moskva . " I sighed and fell asleep on the child-sized mattress . Among the plethora of Moscow 's unspoken rules : Do not talk in the elevators or hallways of your student dorm . Accustomed to the silence , one night I was surprised to hear the glorious sound of a Frédéric Chopin nocturne coming from behind a security guard 's desk . "  Mozhna ? " I asked , pointing to the door his chair blocked . He just shrugged , so I quietly ducked behind him and pulled the handle . Behold , a secret two-story ballroom with tables and chairs and an upright piano in the corner , and a Russian student who abruptly lifted his hands from the piano keys when I sat down . We took turns playing  thus , my failed-love song "  Sad Panda " debuted on a new continent  and , in broken but passionate English , he told me how he wished he could sound like the Russian-American pianist Vladimir Horowitz , and said he often comes with his friend to play around 9 p.m. . As if it were the end of a great Russian novel , I never heard music in that hallway again .	The preserved body of Vladimir Lenin is on display in Moscow 's Red Square Moscow has been named the world 's most expensive city Izmailovsky Market has the best souvenir shopping at reasonable prices iReport.com : Show us your travel snapshots
CNN  -- Imagine a bird that could n't fit in your living room because its wings were too big . That 's exactly what would happen if you tried to bring the Pelagornis sandersi home -- assuming houses and humans existed back then . Scientists have identified the fossils of what could be the largest flying bird ever found . With an estimated 20 - to 24-foot wingspan , the extinct P. sandersi was twice the size of today 's biggest flying bird , the royal albatross , according to the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center in North Carolina . Researchers believe the P. sandersi lived about 25 million to 28 million years ago . 53 spectacular wildlife photos from around the world The avian giant 's long , slender wings and paper-thin hollow bones allowed it to stay aloft for long distances without flapping its wings , the center said . But that does n't mean the mammoth bird did n't have size issues while trying to fly . Because it was probably too big to take off from a standstill , the P. sandersi may have had to run downhill into a headwind to achieve takeoff -- just like a hang glider would . The bird 's fossils were first unearthed 31 years ago when construction workers started working on a new terminal at Charleston International Airport in South Carolina . The remains -- including a complete skull and multiple wing and leg bones -- were so big they had to be dug up with a backhoe . But the weight of the discovery was n't publicized until this week , when scientists unveiled the findings in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The remains of the P. sandersi now rest in the Charleston Museum . The big bird 's name honors retired Charleston Museum curator Albert Sanders . Scientific institute lists its top 10 newly discovered species Manatees may move from endangered to threatened list First dinosaur bones in Saudi Arabia discovered CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	The P. sandersi may be the largest flying bird ever It had paper-thin hollow bones , but may have needed a running start to fly Scientists believe it lived 25 million to 28 million years ago Construction workers found the bones while building an airport terminal
CNN  -- A man angry that a family was talking during a movie threw popcorn at the son and then shot the father in the arm , according to police in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . James Joseph Cialella was charged with attempted murder , aggravated assault and weapons charges . James Joseph Cialella , 29 , was charged with attempted murder , aggravated assault and weapons violations , a police report said . Cialella told the family sitting in front of him in the theater on Christmas Day to be quiet , police said . An argument ensued while others at the Riverview Movie Theatre watched "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett , The Philadelphia Inquirer reported . Cialella then approached the family from the left side of the aisle and shot the father , who was not identified , as he was standing between Cialella and his family , according to the police report . The victim was taken to Jefferson Hospital with a gunshot wound to his left arm , police said . Cialella was carrying a Kel-Tec .380 - caliber handgun clipped inside his sweatpants , police said . He was arrested and taken into custody .	Man threw popcorn at son , then shot father after argument , Philadelphia police say Victim was treated for gunshot wound to left arm , police say James Joseph Cialella was carrying a .380 - caliber handgun , police say
Gondar , Ethiopia  CNN  -- France has Lourdes , India has the Ganges . Ethiopia , meanwhile , has Gondar . Situated about 450 miles north of Addis Ababa , encapsulated by hills and tall trees , and dotted with 17th-century relics from the city 's glory days  when it was the country 's capital  , Gondar today can seem somewhat remote . During the religious festival of "  Timket , " however , the city is inundated with pilgrims who come to re-enact the baptism of Jesus in the River Jordan , and take a dip in the holy waters at the historical Fasilides Bath . Nearly two thirds of Ethiopia 's 94 million population is Christian , and the majority of those belong to the Orthodox church . For them , Timket -- celebrating the Epiphany -- is among the most important occasions of the year . It 's is a two-day affair that begins with a procession of "  tabots , " holy replicas of the Ark of the Covenant -- the sacred chests described in the Book of Exodus as carrying the stone tablets on which the 10 Commandments were written . The tabots are wrapped in cloth and placed on the heads of Ethiopian Orthodox Christian priests , who parade the streets en route to the bath . The priests , clad in ceremonial robes , are escorted by drums and by the clapping and singing of worshipers , who hold an overnight vigil until dawn . There are services the following morning which culminate in the priests blessing the waters of the historic bath , while onlookers crowd every nook surrounding the bath -- some getting a pristine view from nearby trees . When the priests are done , the mood turns jubilant , and the spectators rush to jump into the pool . "  The water is blessed in the name of the Holy Trinity ... in the name of God . The water is now sacred , and the sick shall be cured , " explains Ezra Adis , the head priest at the local Medhanelem Church . "  That is why the young people who jump in first get excited ; it is a spiritual love , " he adds . Read this : Ethiopia 's churches "  built by angels " The plunge is so swift that some participants get battered in the process -- though most are unperturbed by a few scratches . "  I jumped from high above , " boasts one man who dived into the waters from one of the nearby trees . "  I was apprehensive , " he adds . "  The branches could give way and you could fall on the rock edge of the pool , and there was a possibility I could have lost my life , but at this moment , I am doing what I feel good about , and that possibility of death does n't scare me . " The Timket festival dates back to the 16th century , but it was marked only in churches until the baptismal ceremonies were introduced , explains Bantalem Tadesse Tedla , a historian at the University of Gondar . The baptisms , usually held on January 19 , are celebrated differently in other parts of the country . "  There are three options for Timket , " says Tedla . "  To be immersed , to collect water from three pipes and pour it on people , or to collect water and sprinkle it -- it depends on the availability of water . "  In Gondar , the first is implemented , because of the existence of this very important building , " he adds , referring to the stone bath -- a UNESCO world heritage site built in 1632 for King Fasil  Fasiledes  . As the afternoon winds down , people begin to leave the pool and head back to the streets , but the festivities are n't quite over . Each tabot is now paraded back to its respective church with crowds of onlookers eager to get one last look at them . Back at the churches , it 's a different , quieter scene . Congregants fill the church grounds to listen in on a final service , and after a closing prayer it 's time to send the tabot back inside the church to its resting place . The locals will eventually return to their homes for a special feast , but in the meantime , the celebrations on the streets of Gondar continue -- a chance for orthodox Christians to celebrate and come together for one of the most sacred and festive days of the year . Read more : Mysterious stone kingdom of Great Zimbabwe Read more : Cameroon : The next tourism hotspot ?	Timket is an Ethiopian holy festival that re-enacts the baptism of Jesus Historical bath is filled with holy water for the festival , pilgrims jump in Thousands of visitors flock to Gondar for the event Priests parade replicas of the Ark of the Covenant
