CNN  -- President Barack Obama has turned off large parts of America through radicalism , incompetence and political ineptness . As my friend Barry Casselman argues , "  Obama has the worst political tin ear I 've seen at that level .  I realize he thinks he is bringing out his base vote  . But he 's almost daring most Americans to turn against him . " My prediction for midterm election night this coming Tuesday is that many Americans are going to take the President up on his dare . Of course , nothing is over until it 's over . Hard campaigning and a few changes in the news can shift races , and there are a lot of races within the margin of error in polling . However , as my colleague Joe Gaylord , with whom I worked on campaigns for 30 years , points out : "  In tidal years everything collapses against the losers the last weekend . " He remembers races in 1982 where our incumbent was up by 10 points on Friday and lost on Tuesday . My take is that this is going to be a tide if not a tidal wave . Why ? Because in most races , Democrats will stay home , Republicans will vote and independents will break heavily against the Democrats . Recent polls indicate the younger voters  millennials  are likely to break Republican after two massive victories for Obama in that age group . Latinos seem much more favorable to Republicans than many expected and much less likely to turn out for Democrats . Meanwhile , the margin for Democrats among women has shrunk dramatically , and in some races Republicans are now carrying both men and women  and that really would create a tidal wave  . And while the African-American community remains the most loyal to President Obama , even there a fight has been developing . Some new ads appealing to African-Americans to leave the Democratic Party are stirring up a lot of attention , so it will be fascinating election night to watch for African-American turnout and for a small but real increase in the Republican vote among African-Americans  note , for example , Gov. John Kasich 's endorsement by a leading African-American newspaper in Ohio  . Overall , I think Republicans will gain six to 10 Senate seats , with 10 being more likely than six . Actually , winning more than 10  think New Mexico , Virginia , Minnesota in that order  may be more likely than winning five or less . If Scott Brown , who has run a brilliant race , beats Sen. Jeanne Shaheen in New Hampshire  and she has run a terrible race  it will signal a big night for Republicans . A key question is whether Republicans win Georgia outright , or have to win a special election on January 6 , three days after the new Congress assembles . That turnout is made more complicated if the governor 's race also goes into a runoff , which would be December 10 , and it will be very hard for Democrats to win a turnout fight immediately after New Year 's . Louisiana will almost certainly go to a runoff , and the Republican will almost certainly win on December 6 . In the House , Republicans will likely gain seven to 14 seats . Since they start at 234 seats , a 12-seat gain would match the 1946 post World War II high point . If they grab 14 seats , they would have more seats than at any time since 1928 . Governorships are a mixed bag , and so intensely local that I really do n't have a good read on what is likely to happen . Republicans start the evening ahead 29 to 21 , and they could add Massachusetts , Connecticut , Colorado , Arkansas and Illinois . However , there are four or five states where the Republican incumbent is embattled and in a very close race . If Republicans break even or add one or two governors , I think we could describe it as a very good night for the party . At the state legislative level , which has huge implications for the growth of young , future lawmakers , the ability to experiment with new solutions at the state level , and control of congressional reapportionment , look for the Republicans to gain 300 state legislative seats and control of six more legislative bodies , giving them the all-time high mark in Republican history . But more than the raw numbers , it will be interesting to keep an eye on some specific trends . New England , for example , might see a big resurgence of the GOP . If Republicans win governorships in Massachusetts and Connecticut and the Senate race in New Hampshire , something big will clearly be happening . Another trend could be the election of new solution-oriented , bright and articulate Republican senators . Ben Sasse in Nebraska has been ignored because he is so clearly going to win , but he will be one of the most intellectually prepared conservatives since Bob Taft . Cory Gardner will be a superstar if he wins Colorado , while Iowa 's Joni Ernst has already become a national figure . Former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown , now running in New Hampshire , will have earned star status by winning in two states . All that said , Florida may be the hardest fought campaign in the country . Gov. Rick Scott has been a very successful manager of the state , but is not a natural politician . Former Gov. Charlie Crist is a great politician , but his swings from Goldwater Republican to Obama Democrat have made it impossible to predict what kind of governor he would be now . This race has so much money going into it , and is so intense , that it is extremely difficult to predict what will happen on Tuesday . A Scott win would be a signal that Democrats simply are refusing to turn out . A Crist win would be a signal that the Democratic machine has been able to mobilize apathetic and disappointed voters . One last thing to keep an eye on next week : exit polling on women , Latinos , Asian-Americans , African-Americans and millennials . If Democrats are losing ground in most or all of those groups , the coronation of Hillary Clinton may have to be postponed for a while . And if all the harsh Democratic advertising fails , it may be a sign , as Molly Ball suggests in The Atlantic , that "  cranky social issues warriors " whose campaigns are "  obsessed with social issues " may now be defining Democrats and not Republicans . Looking beyond the election , there are two big questions , namely , how will President Obama react to the results , and what will Republicans do ? Certainly , the President and his team will face a clear choice : Do they follow Woodrow Wilson 's response to the 1918 election and hide in a bunker , using executive orders and defying the new Congress ? Or do they follow President Eisenhower 's example after the 1958 election and find a way to work with the opposition party 's congressional leadership ? We may not know the answer to this until the State of the Union and the budget proposals early next year . But Republican leaders have a unique opportunity to fill a vacuum of ideas and hope , and already people like Speaker John Boehner , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Sen. Marco Rubio have been outlining positive agendas . But Barry Casselman perhaps caught as well as anyone the challenge facing Republicans , when he wrote : "  Let us not forget that the energy of this wave has been provided by the incompetence of Barack Obama and his overreaching allies across the nation . The Republicans , if they win , will now need to put forward new ideas . Otherwise , victory next Tuesday will be an empty one . " Republicans need new ideas . But they also need to be able to put those ideas into action . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Obama administration marked by radicalism , incompetence : Newt Gingrich Polls suggest younger voters are likely to break Republican , he says Republicans will gain six to 10 Senate seats in Tuesday 's midterms , he says
CNN  -- Mexican marines have captured an alleged top leader of the Beltran Leyva cartel , handing authorities a major victory in their fight against powerful drug organizations , the government said Sunday . Sergio Villarreal , who is known to Mexican officials as "  El Grande , " was taken in the central Mexican state of Puebla , Alejandro Poire , a spokesman for Mexico 's president on security issues , told reporters . Villarreal has appeared on the attorney general 's list of Mexico 's most wanted and had a bounty of more than $ 2 million on his head . He offered no resistance when he was arrested mid-afternoon , along with two suspected accomplices , said Poire . He added authorities also recovered weapons and armed vehicles in the operation . "  This afternoon , the federal government ... dealt another blow to the criminal organizations that threaten Mexicans ' security , " Poire said . Villarreal 's capture comes soon after the August arrest of American-born "  La Barbie , " or Edgar Valdez , believed to be one of Mexico 's most ruthless drug traffickers . Valdez is similarly thought to have belonged to the Beltran Leyva cartel . The former leader of that group , Arturo Beltran Leyva , was killed in a shootout with Mexican officials last year . Beltran 's brother Carlos was later arrested , creating what authorities said was a vacuum and power struggle in one of Mexico 's strongest cartels . More than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon intensified the government 's fight against cartels and organized crime after taking office in 2006 , according to government figures .	NEW : Two suspected accomplices were also arrested , an official says Sergio Villarreal has appeared on a list of Mexico 's most wanted He is an alleged leader of the powerful Beltran Leyva drug cartel His capture follows the August arrest of "  La Barbie , " who was said to belong to the same group
New York  CNN  -- Peter Madoff , brother of Bernard Madoff and chief compliance officer of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities , is the subject of a criminal investigation , the U.S. attorney 's office in New York confirmed Thursday . In a letter filed this week in federal court in Newark , New Jersey , Peter Madoff 's attorney , Charles Spada , says that the investigation was the reason that his client invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination at a deposition in a related case in November . Spada said he had been informed of the investigation into Peter Madoff 's involvement in his brother 's Ponzi scheme a week before the deposition , at which Peter Madoff declined to answer more than 290 questions . "  Given the circumstances and intensity of the criminal investigation , one can hardly question defendant 's constitutional right not to answer questions about his brother , Bernard Madoff , his work at BLMIS ... and virtually any related topic for fear that such answers might ` furnish a link in the chain of evidence ' for a criminal prosecution , " Spada said in the letter to Judge Madeline Cox Arleo . The deposition was for a lawsuit brought against Peter Madoff by the Lautenberg Foundation , which says it lost all of its investment with Madoff Investment Securities : $ 7 million that the firm told the foundation had grown to an estimated $ 15 million . Spada 's letter was filed in response to the foundation 's move to have Madoff sanctioned for failing to be "  cooperative " in the deposition . The attorney says the Lautenberg Foundation -- a charitable private group headed by Sen. Frank Lautenberg -- is an effort to "  unfairly jump ahead of thousands of other investors " who also are seeking damages from Madoff Investment Securities . A separate lawsuit has been filed on behalf of all the business 's investors , who have lost an estimated $ 200 million in the scheme . In March , Bernard Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 counts related to running the most massive Ponzi scheme in history and was sentenced to 150 years in prison . CNN 's Jean Shin contributed to this report .	Peter Madoff is chief compliance officer of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities Attorney calls investigation the reason his client invoked Fifth at deposition in November Bernard Madoff serving 150-year term after conviction for running massive Ponzi scheme
Conjoined twins born at an Atlanta hospital have died , their parents said , less than two days after they beat the odds simply by coming into the world . Eli and Asa Hamby shared a torso , heart , arms and legs . They had separate spinal columns to support their heads . Doctors at Atlanta 's Northside Hospital delivered the boys Thursday morning , then transferred them to Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston , parents Michael and Robin Hamby wrote on their Facebook page , where they posted frequent updates on their boys . Late Friday , the parents posted a tearful video in which they announced their boys had died that evening . "  They fought long and hard , " Michael Hamby said . "  They  were  doing real good last night , had no problems other than little breathing problems . ... They was holding their own , and early this morning they started to have heart issues . " He said one side of their heart was beating more quickly than the other and the heart rate reached 300 beats per minute , despite medicine to try to bring it down . Staff then sedated the boys and doctors allowed Robin , still recovering from her cesarean section , to leave her hospital bed to be with them . "  We sang to the boys and prayed over them , and our families got to love on them and tell them how much we love them , " Robin said in the video . "  They took them off the ventilators , and about 45 minutes  later  , Eli and Asa went on to sleep , to be with the Lord , " Michael said . Births of conjoined twins are rare , happening once every 200,000 live births , according to the University of Maryland Medical Center . About 40-60 % of conjoined twins arrive stillborn , and about 35 % survive only one day . The overall survival rate of conjoined twins is between 5 % and 25 % . The Hambys are from near Phenix City , Alabama , and have a daughter , Selah , who is almost 2 . "  It 's hard losing two kids at one time , " Michael said . "  Even though I only got to be with them a little over 24 hours , it feels like a lifetime . I do n't wish this hurt on anybody . " Robin called the boys "  beautiful " and had said late Thursday they were even offering glimpses of their different personalities . Pictures on Facebook showed the parents beaming as they held their babies , swaddled tightly with hats on their heads . "  They looked so much like Michael . They were just the cutest little things . They were so , so sweet , " Robin said . The parents said their Christian faith had grown stronger ever since the boys came into their lives . "  I know they 're in heaven and they 're waiting on me , " Michael said . "  God is good . " Said Robin , "  God gave us extra time with them that some parents do n't get to have , because a lot of babies are stillborn that are conjoined twins , and we had almost two days . "	Alabama parents chronicle rare pregnancy on social media Their conjoined twins die less than two days after birth Video : "  Our families got to love on them "
CNN  -- Sri Lanka ordered an end to combat operations against Tamil Tiger rebels in the country 's north , the president 's office said Monday . But the rebels accused the military of continuing to bomb civilians . Sri Lankan soldiers stand guard next to a tank captured from the Tamil Tigers . "  Our security forces have been instructed to end the use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft and aerial weapons which could cause civilian casualties , " according a statement from the Presidential Secretariat . A rebel Web site , Tamilnet.com , immediately accused the government of violating its own order and "  deceiving the international community . " "  Two Sri Lanka air force fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets in Mu ` l'li-vaaykkaal after the announcement by the Sri Lankan forces that it would not deploy heavy weapons or carry out air attacks , " Tamilnet said , citing S. Puleedevan , director of the Tamil Peace Secretariat . "  Obviously we need to see what that means in practice , " John Holmes , the head of U.N. humanitarian operations , said about the government announcement to end combat operations . "  But , on the face of it , I think it 's good news . " The military will now concentrate on "  saving " and "  rescuing civilians , " who have been caught in the fighting between government forces and rebel fighters , the presidential statement said . The government 's decision followed an unscheduled meeting of the National Security Council called by President Mahinda Rajapaksa . The session included the commanders of the army , navy and air force . The developments came a day after Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil rebels , warning instead that government troops would continue a new offensive until the group surrendered , a senior government official told CNN . "  The government is firm that  the rebels  lay down their arms and surrender . We do not recognize this so-called offer , " said Lakshman Hulugalle , director of Sri Lanka 's Media Center for National Security . The Tiger leadership had asked the international community to "  pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on the cease-fire offer . The United States , the United Nations , the European Union and India have called for a cease-fire . The foreign ministers of three nations are due in Sri Lanka on Wednesday -- David Miliband of the United Kingdom , Bernard Kouchner of France and Carl Bildt of Sweden . The rebels ' proposed cease-fire came six days after the Sri Lankan army launched a new offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam  LTTE  . Government troops made significant advances into rebel-held territory on Friday and Saturday , according to Sri Lankan army sources . A government-imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed last Tuesday . Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast . Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "  fresh displacement " now exceeds 100,000 people . Watch civilians describe what they are experiencing " Fifty metric tons of relief supplies -- which landed in Colombo on Monday -- will be sent by UNICEF to the north to help displaced residents . UNICEF , which called the situation in the north a "  catastrophe for children , " said the displaced lack food , water and basic medical supplies . The rebels estimate the number of civilians still located in the territory at more than 160,000 . The Sri Lankan military said it "  freed 3,254 civilians from LTTE clutches " in operations Sunday . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union .	Tamil rebels say Sri Lankan forces ignoring orders to end military operations Sri Lanka : Forces ordered to cease use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft Rebels say fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets after announcement Developments come after Sri Lankan officials reject rebels ' cease-fire offer
CNN  -- A fair number of impressive construction plans have been announced this year , from Norway 's intention to create the world 's first shipping tunnel to Maldives ' plans for a space age underwater hotel to Dubai 's plans for the world 's biggest shopping mall . How do these announcements stack up against what 's already out there ? We 've compiled 25 of what we think are some of the most impressive engineering/construction achievements to date , taking into consideration the era in which they were built and the knowledge and materials that were available to designers . Many were inspired by the human impulse to travel , and those that were n't can be enjoyed by travelers today . Engineering can , of course , also include electronics and other micro-feats -- arguably computers and smartphones are among the most successful , popular and influential pieces of engineering ever created -- but we 're interested here in big , bold and brave . Click through the gallery to see our selection , then let us know if you have additions in the comments section . Getting there The Palm , Dubai , UAE There are several tour operators within Dubai offering boat tours of the Palm . Aqueduct of Segovia , Segovia , Spain Segovia is an easy day trip from Madrid and can be reached by both train and bus . Great Wall of China , China Beijing International airport is the closest airport to any point of the Great Wall of China -- it 's a short taxi ride to the section known as Badaling Great Wall and there are regular bus services . Taj Mahal , Agra , India Regular bus and train services connect New Delhi with Agra . Trans-Siberian Railway , Russia The full journey starts in Moscow and ends in Vladivostok , but passengers can join at numerous towns and cities en route . Burj Khalifa , Dubai , UAE The Burj Khalifa is located in downtown Dubai and is well connected by public transport . Akashi Kaikyō Bridge , Akashi Strait , Japan The bridge is a short drive from Kobe Airport . White Pass and Yukon Route Railroad , Canada Excursions start from Fraser , British Columbia . The nearest airport is in Vancouver . Tokyo Sky Tree , Tokyo From Ueno Station  Tokyo Metro Ginza Line  , transfer to the TOBU SKYTREE Line at Asakusa Station -- the Skytree stop is a 14-minute journey . International Space Station Astronaut qualifications and a rocket . Teotihuacan , Mexico Regular buses run to Teotihuacan from Mexico City . Panama Canal , Panama The Panama Canal is best explored by organized boat tour . Panama City 's Tocumen International Airport is the nearest airport . Taipei 101 , Taipei , Taiwan Take the Taipei MRT-Bannan Line to MRT Taipei City Hall Station . From there , walk toward Xinyi Road from exit number two to Taipei 101 . Grand Canyon Skywalk , Arizona The nearest airports are Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport or the Las Vegas Airport . It takes around two hours to drive to the Skywalk from Las Vegas , but organized tours from the city are also available . Shanghai World Financial Center , Shanghai The building is a 20-minute walk from Dongchang Road Pier . The nearest subway station is Lujiazui Station . Millau Viaduct , Millau , France The nearest train station is in the town of Millau , which is well connected to cities and towns throughout France . The closest airport is Rodez-Marcillac -- a 25-minute drive away . London Underground , London London 's Heathrow Airport is connected to the London underground . Kansai Airport , Osaka , Japan Kansai International Airport is connected to most of the major international hubs . Osaka is two hours from Tokyo on the Shinkansen bullet trains . Hoover Dam , Arizona/Nevada The nearest airport is in Las Vegas , 32 miles away . Great Pyramid of Giza , Egypt There are regular bus services from the center of Cairo and it 's also just a short taxi ride . Golden Gate Bridge , San Francisco Regular buses run to the bridge from downtown San Francisco , Marin County and Sonoma County . Eiffel Tower , Paris The closest Paris Metro station to the Eiffel Tower is Champ de Mars . Confederation Bridge , Prince Edward Island , Canada Travel to Prince Edward Island by ferry from New Brunswick . Charlottetown Airport is the island 's largest airport . Colosseum , Rome There are regular buses to the site , and it 's also possible to get there by tram -- look for the "  Colosseo " stop . CN Tower , Toronto , Canada The CN Tower is in the heart of downtown Toronto . There are regular buses to Bremner Boulevard , where the tower is located .	Dubai 's Palm Islands comprise 100 million cubic meters of rock and sand Pyramid of the Sun in Teotihuacan , Mexico , is third tallest pyramid in the world London Underground is used for more than 1 billion journeys every year
For anyone holding out hope of Pluto being reinstated as a major planet , you should probably do as they say in the movie "  Frozen " and "  let it go . " But here 's a new exciting find from the far reaches of our solar system : Astronomers have discovered a dwarf planet that 's even farther away than Pluto -- so far , in fact , that its orbit reaches into a new edge of the solar system . The dwarf planet 's current name is 2012 VP113 , and it is located in a "  wasteland or badland of the solar system , " said astronomer Chad Trujillo , head of adaptive optics at Gemini Observatory in Hawaii and co-discoverer of this object . His study was published Wednesday in the journal Nature . "  The big question is , how is this formed ? How can you get an object out there ? " he said . "  We really do n't know an answer to that yet . " This dwarf planet is unusual because of its orbit , Trujillo said . On its elliptical path , the closest it ever comes to the sun is still very far away from the rest of the solar system . Its full orbit is farther than the orbit of any other object we know of in the solar system . "  Nothing that we currently know in the solar system can make objects that are so distant all the time , that never come close to any of the planets , " Trujillo said . The most distant major planet from the sun is Neptune , orbiting our star at a distance of 30 astronomical units . One astronomical unit is the average distance between the Earth and the sun -- about 150 million kilometers , or 93 million miles . Beyond Neptune is the Kuiper Belt , a doughnut-shaped ring of small objects , which extends from about 30 to 55 AU , according to NASA . This belt may contain hundreds of thousands of large icy objects and trillions of comets , if not more . Pluto is considered a dwarf planet in the Kuiper Belt . The awkwardly-named 2012 VP113 is much farther from the sun , currently at 83 astronomical units . That puts it at 83 times the distance between our own planet and the sun  The closest point of its orbit is 80 astronomical units  . But in terms of average distance from the sun , there is a dwarf planet even farther out : Eris , which Trujillo helped discover . Eris is bigger than Pluto , and has a satellite called Dysnomia . The presence of Eris helped scientists determine that Pluto should not be counted among the major planets . Sedna , a dwarf planet that Trujillo co-discovered as well in 2004 , is located in the same distant area , and takes about 10,500 years to orbit the sun . "  Finding Sedna so far away seemed odd and potentially a fluke , " said Mike Brown , professor of astronomy at California Institute of Technology , in an e-mail . "  But this one is beginning to make it look like that might be a typical place for objects to be . Not at all what I would have guessed . " This home of Sedna and 2012 VP113 is called the "  inner Oort Cloud . " It may be where some comets come from , Trujillo said . Trujillo 's study also suggests that there could be a large planet that no one has seen , way out at 250 astronomical units , affecting the orbits of Sedna and the new dwarf planet . But this is only a theory ; the planet has not been detected . Brown , who was not involved in this study , also co-discovered Sedna . "  These unusual objects -- Sedna and this new one -- can tell us about very early in the solar system , when the sun and planets were just forming , " Brown said . Scientists have not been able to discern what 2012 VP113 's composition is , but most would suspect it is icy because of its distance from the sun , Trujillo said . Its color is slightly reddish , and "  not especially unusual compared to Kuiper Belt objects , " Trujillo said . Trujllio and colleagues estimate that the new dwarf planet is relatively small -- about 450 kilometers  280 miles  in diameter , which less than the driving distance from Philadelphia to Boston . It 's probably ball-shaped , he said . So why is this not a major planet such as Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars ? Trujillo explains that a bona fide planet is big enough that other objects in its orbit will be sucked into it gravitationally . A dwarf planet is not big enough to become gravitationally dominant ; it 's too small to pull in objects in the area of its path . It 's possible that this dwarf planet formed very early in our solar system 's history , in the region between Jupiter and Saturn , and then got thrown out beyond Pluto . One theory is that , billions of years ago , another star passed by our sun and took material with it out to a distant orbit . As far as we know , it 's too cold out where the dwarf planet is to have liquid water , Trujillo said . "  To me , what this discovery really shows is that we are on verge of finally being able to read the story that Sedna is trying to tell us , and that the next few years should bring a flood of new discoveries in this new region of the outer solar system , " Brown said . 2012 VP113 will be eventually renamed , but Trujillo 's website says it 's informally called "  Biden " because of the "  VP " designation . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	2012 VP113 is a newly discovered dwarf planet Its full orbit is farther than the orbit of any other solar system object It is located 83 times the distance between Earth and the sun
CNN  -- David Beckham is planning showdown talks with L.A. Galaxy teammate Landon Donovan , who questioned the English football star 's commitment to the MLS team earlier this month . Landon Donovan , left , is unhappy with David Beckham 's contribution at LA Galaxy . Beckham said the U.S. national captain was "  unprofessional " for publicly voicing his opinions , which were reported worldwide from the soon-to-be-published book "  The Beckham Experiment " by Sports Illustrated writer Grant Wahl . "  In every football player 's eyes throughout the world , it would be unprofessional to speak out about a team-mate , especially in the press and not to your face , " Beckham said before watching the Galaxy 's 1-0 win over Chivas USA on Saturday night . What do you think ? Was Donovan right ? "  In 17 years , I have played with the biggest teams in the world and the biggest players , and not once have I been criticized for my professionalism . "  It 's important to get this cleared up , and I will be speaking to Landon either this evening or over the next couple of days . Me and Landon will talk , but that will be a private conversation . " Donovan , who led the United States to the Confederations Cup final last month , said in the book that Beckham had been a negative influence since his high-profile move to the Major League Soccer outfit two years ago . He said Beckham , who brokered a loan move to AC Milan last season , had shown little interest in the Galaxy since coach Ruud Gullit resigned in August last year . Donovan , who leads the Galaxy in Beckham 's absence , also cast doubt on the 34-year-old midfielder 's leadership abilities . But last week he admitted that he should have brought up his grievances with Beckham earlier . "  I do n't apologize for what I said , " Donovan told MLSnet.com on Thursday . "  I just apologize for the way I did . I should have told him to his face . I 've long told David since he 's been gone and I 've been gone that I want to sit down and talk with him about everything . "  It 's fresh in everyone 's minds now , and it appears like everything has gone on in a short period of time , but this has been a long time coming . The timing of it makes it a little awkward and seemingly uncomfortable , but we 'll be fine . We 'll get through it . "  I like David as a person and I think he 's a very good player . The frustrating part was at some point something happened and he seemingly turned off at the end of the year . "  Nobody knows what it was , and my fault is I should have asked him and approached him and I did n't . Instead I vented to a reporter , and I regret it . "	David Beckham plans to meet with L.A. Galaxy teammate Landon Donovan U.S. captain accused Beckham of not been committed to the MLS team England star Beckham says Donovan 's comments were "  unprofessional " The midfielder has returned to the Galaxy after loan spell with Italy 's AC Milan
CNN  -- Should the world 's best video game players -- those who earn six figures and play professionally -- be considered athletes ? Are they on par with Olympians ? People who read CNN 's recent story on pro gaming and gaming addiction in South Korea raised these questions in comments threads , on Twitter and over e-mail . Many criticized CNN for highlighting the dark side of video gaming in that country , instead of celebrating the achievements of the world 's best e-sports athletes . Specifically at issue was the story of MarineKing , one of the world 's best "  StarCraft II " players who , in the past , worried his parents and teachers because he practiced sometimes for 20 hours a day . They flagged him as a potential gaming "  addict , " but his parents now support his quest to be the world 's best at the strategy game he loves . Furthermore , they regret having pushed back against their son 's passion . How do you draw the line between obsessive , unhealthy behavior and a drive to be the world 's best ? Should pro gamers  or chess players , for that matter  be put in the same class as track-and-field stars and gymnasts , who also go to extreme lengths to get in shape for competition ? Many pro gamers in South Korea , for example , are required to run , swim and lift weights as part of their training . Here 's a look at what some of you had to say . Comments may be edited for brevity and clarity : On the training schedules of pro gamers vs Olympians : "  Would you claim that Phelps is addicted to swimming ? Simply because someone works hard at something that is not what you view as a traditional sport does not mean their work is not real , and difficult . I dare you to compare top e-sport athlete 's training regimens to top Olympic athletes training regimens . I would n't be surprised in the least if their schedules were similar . " -- Justin Ahn , 22 , from Waterloo , Ontario On MarineKing as an athlete : "  To me , MKP  MarineKing  represents many things . He represents dedication and skill and perseverance . He is one of the best in the world at one of the most difficult endeavors that has ever existed and he is beloved by his fans for good reason.Â To mention him in the same breath as something bizarre like addiction is to belittle everything he has worked for and everything we as a community value . " -- Twitter user @kevinflo , over e-mail On passion/love vs. addiction : "  They make money doing something they love , which takes hard work , perseverance and sacrifice . What a terrible addiction . " -- CNN commenter "  Shivy Deo " On when that passion goes too far : "  We all know that most pro gamers started because they became addicted to gaming , not because they played every now and then . And it was their addiction and their willingness to spend most of their time in front of a computer that made them so good and eligible to become pros . Also , it 's not because you make money doing something that makes it OK  just look at gambling  . You can rationalize it as much as you want but an addiction is an addiction , period . It means that your life is not balanced and therefore it means you have a problem . Are there other  more conventional  professions in the world like that ? Of course there are . But two wrongs do n't make one right . " -- CNN commenter "  diiggas " On the skill required to be a pro gamer : "  This article did not truly distinguish the difference between game addiction and professional gaming or even gaming as a hobby . I do no  t  believe the article shows the amount of skill needed to be one of the best in the world or how truly big professional gaming has become . " -- Justin Pringle , 24 , from Augusta , GeorgiaÂ On "  physicality " being an important part of athletics : "  I would n't call them athletes . The one common denominator with all Olympians is the physicality involved . Even the word athlete refers to physical activity . I have no issues with video gaming , but the Olympics just seems to be the wrong venue . " -- CNN commenter "  t0of1y " On video games as physical challenges : "  Their reflexes  physical  approach the zenith of human capability . " -- CNN commenter "  Fnordian72 " We would love to continue this conversation , so please let us know what you think in the comments section of this post , or message CNN Tech on Twitter or Facebook .	CNN story on pro gaming and addiction stirs conversation Commenters compare pro video gamers to athletes and Olympians "  Would you claim that Phelps is addicted to swimming ? " one commenter asked The comments follow a story about MarineKing , one of the best "  StarCraft II " players
CNN  -- In different year , the race for attorney general in Pennsylvania might have been just a footnote to the presidential election . But more people in the Keystone State voted Tuesday for Kathleen Kane to be their attorney general than voted for Barack Obama to be their president . And much of that may be attributed to the furor over the Jerry Sandusky child sex case . She beat the Republican challenger , David Freed , by almost 15 points , and the overwhelming support makes her the first woman and the first Democrat elected to the job in Pennsylvania . What may have pushed Kane over the top was her strong stance on the Sandusky scandal . She promised to look back to November 2008 , when the first victim came forward , and carry out an independent review into why Sandusky was not charged until three years later . "  We need an independent investigator to look at what happened , " Kane told CNN . "  Over 3 million people feel that I am that independent investigator . " Her promise means she 'll be taking on the state 's sitting governor , Tom Corbett . And her review into the Sandusky case investigation will delve into the years that Corbett was the attorney general . He launched the Sandusky investigation before he ran for governor . Despite some criticism , Corbett has denied that politics had anything to do with investigative decisions . Instead , he accused Democrats of politicizing the case when two leading state Democratic lawmakers wrote a three-page letter asking U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to look into how the Sandusky investigation unfolded . Holder 's office says the letter is under review . It 's a topic that comes up at almost every news conference Corbett holds â $ " no matter the stated topic . "  I challenge anybody out there who says there is to bring forward one piece of evidence , one sentence of evidence , one thread of evidence , " Corbett said in October , defending his handling of the investigation . Criticism of Corbett emerged soon after Sandusky 's arrest last year , when the school 's faithful began to question his role on the university Board of Trustees , which had fired the Nittany Lions ' long-time football coach , Joe Paterno . Kane said most of the questions she received during more than 20 months on the campaign trail were about Sandusky . "  Everywhere I went , people from every profession , almost every county , asked me what happened and why it took so long and how I felt about it , because they knew I specialized in the prosecution of child sex abuse cases , " she said . "  It was something that bothered them . It was something that was on their mind . " With good reason , she said : the delay in making an arrest meant that the predator remained free for years . During that time , investigators issued no subpoenas to Sandusky 's charity , The Second Mile , even though that 's where he met his first accuser . It took investigators looking into the November 2008 accusation 25 months to find a 1998 Penn State police report in which two boys had accused Sandusky of having touched them inappropriately in a campus shower . In addition , no one from Penn State testified before the grand jury until last year , even though Sandusky had worked there for decades . But almost immediately after Corbett took office in January 2011 , eight state police troopers were added to the case . Seven of the eight initial accusers were found in the second 18 months of the investigation . Corbett 's spokesman , Kevin Harley , said each move was strategic and that the governor handled the case responsibly . "  If Kathleen Kane can transition from a partisan politician to a professional prosecutor and put aside her hyperpartisan views of law enforcement , hopefully she will learn how a sophisticated and complex investigation into a serial pedophile was conducted , " Harley told CNN Thursday . Kane may be a political novice , but she 's been a prosecutor since 1995 , when she left a Philadelphia law firm to return home to Scranton , where she took a job as an assistant district attorney in Lackawanna County . She said it paid half of what she had made in Philadelphia and she had to share her desk with another prosecutor . But she stayed in Scranton to raise her two boys , Christopher , 11 , and Zachary , 10 , she said . During 17 years there , she has prosecuted public corruption cases as well as hundreds of cases involving child rape , abuse and neglect , she said . "  They are very labor-intensive , " she said . "  You need to have a strong stomach , and you need to know that , no matter who it is , you have to follow the facts . I 've done that before and I 'll do it again . " When she starts the job in January , Kane will acquire the ongoing Sandusky grand jury investigation , plus the prosecution of three former Penn State officials , each of whom is charged with conspiracy , obstruction of justice , child endangerment , perjury and failure to report a crime . Attorneys for those men have asked a judge to delay the scheduled January trial date . Sandusky was convicted in June on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , which were laid out in graphic testimony by his accusers over the course of the less-than-two-week trial . He was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison .	Kathleen Kane , a newcomer in state politics , won Pennsylvania AG job She became first woman and the first Democrat elected to the job She was asked about the Sandusky case frequently during the campaign
EW.com  -- Another "  Harry Potter " star is coming to Broadway . Rupert Grint , best known for playing Ron Weasley in the blockbuster "  Harry Potter " film franchise , will make his Broadway debut this fall in Terrence McNally 's starry comedy It 's Only a Play . Grint joins an A-list cast that includes Matthew Broderick , Nathan Lane , Stockard Channing , Megan Mullally , F. Murrary Abraham and newcomer Micah Stock . Jack O'Brien will direct the limited 17-week engagement , which opens at Broadway 's Schoenfeld Theatre on October 9 . The British star will play Frank Finger , the wunderkind director of a new play by an anxious writer  Broderick  whose career is on the line as he eagerly awaits the reviews on opening night . As the show roars onward , the playwright passes the time with his TV star best friend  Lane  , his producer  Mullally  , the show 's leading lady  Channing  , an infamous critic  Abraham  , and a fresh-faced coat check attendant  Stock  . The play first premiered in New York in 1986 at the Manhattan Theatre Club ; the 2014 production is a newly revised adaptation by McNally , the four-time Tony-winning scribe whose recent premiere Mothers and Sons marked his 50th year on Broadway . On the theater acting front , Grint followed up the smashing success of the "  Potter " films with his West End stage debut in the revival of Jez Butterworth 's Mojo  alongside Skyfall 's Ben Whishaw and Downton Abbey 's Brendan Coyle  . Grint 's "  Potter " co-star Daniel Radcliffe recently returned to Broadway in The Cripple of Inishmaan , but their stints on the New York stage wo n't overlap  Radcliffe 's engagement ends this July  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The "  Potter " star will appear in "  It 's Only a Play " He will play Frank Finger , a wunderkind director of a new play "  Potter " co-star Daniel Radcliffe recently returned to Broadway
The suspect in last week 's deadly shooting rampage inside a crowded Colorado movie theater booby-trapped his Aurora apartment with more than 30 homemade grenades and 10 gallons of gasoline , a law enforcement official who viewed video showing the apartment 's interior has told CNN . The sophisticated setup at the sparsely furnished third-floor , one-bedroom apartment of James E. Holmes was meant to harm , or possibly kill , anyone who entered -- and tested the skills of bomb squad members charged with clearing it . "  Imagine that fireball ... you would have an explosion that would knock down the wall of  nearby  apartments , " the official said Monday . "  That flame would have consumed the entire third floor . " Focusing on the victims , not the shooter "  By the time a fire truck would have arrived , they would have arrived to a building that would have been completely consumed in flames . " The grenades were wired in the kitchen to a control box , which bomb technicians used a robot to disable by squirting water on it . "  It looked like spaghetti , " according to the official , who said it resembled explosive setups more commonly used in Iraq and Afghanistan . The control box has been sent to Quantico , Virginia , for forensic analysis at the FBI laboratory , the official said . Shooting survivors recount Colorado movie theater horror The setup appears to have been "  rigged " to explode , the official said . The forensic analysis is expected to determine whether it would have done so had it not been disabled . The gasoline was divided into glass containers and gas cans to "  enhance the thermal effect " of any explosion , the official said . Over the weekend , Aurora Police Chief Daniel Oates told reporters there was "  evidence of ... some calculation and deliberation " in the Friday attack at the Century Aurora 16 multiplex . Holmes received deliveries over the past four months at his home and work addresses , which may explain how he may have obtained some of the materials that were used in the attack or found at his apartment , Oates said . The University of Colorado-Denver School of Medicine , where Holmes enrolled as a doctoral candidate in its neuroscience program but later withdrew , was investigating whether he received any of shipments while working as a research assistant at the Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora . Tales of heroism abound from Colorado movie theater Authorities have been tight-lipped about a possible motive in the case ; police spokesman Frank Fania told CNN that Holmes has been uncooperative with investigators . The multiplex , where the shootings occurred during a midnight premiere of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " will remain shuttered at least until Wednesday while police complete their investigation of the crime scene and allow the suspect 's defense team access to it . On Monday , Holmes made his first court appearance . Looking dazed at times , Holmes -- who after the attack identified himself to police as "  the Joker " -- wore a maroon jumpsuit over a white T-shirt and gave little indication that he was paying attention to the courtroom procedure that ensured he will continue to be held without bond . Grief counselors offer solace amid tragedy He was then led from the courtroom and back to the Arapahoe County Jail , where he is being held in isolation . Formal charges are expected to be filed July 30 . "  The charges on which the court found cause included first-degree murder , " Arapahoe County District Attorney Carol Chambers told reporters outside the courthouse . She said prosecutors have a lot of work to do . "  I would say there 's no such thing as a slam-dunk case , " she said . "  We 're still looking at the enormous amount of evidence . " Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers Deciding whether to pursue the death penalty is a long process that involves input from victims and their relatives , she said . A capital case would require a finding of either extreme indifference or deliberation , she said . Holmes is being held in connection with the shootings that killed 12 people and left 58 others wounded . As of Tuesday evening , 20 people remained hospitalized -- six of them in critical condition -- in five area hospitals , hospital spokespersons said . Four of those killed were active members of the the U.S. military . The Department of Defense was flying flags at half-staff in their honor . Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America Meanwhile , Lisa Damiani , an attorney representing the Holmes family but not the suspect , said his family members were keeping their location secret . "  I do n't think they would like the media to know where they are , " she said , adding that she feared for their safety . "  They 're doing as well as they can , under the circumstances , " Damiani told reporters at her office in San Diego , California , where the family lives . "  I think everyone can imagine how they 're feeling -- anyone who 's ever been a parent . " She added , "  The family has elected not to discuss James or their relationship with James at this time . " The family issued a statement Friday saying , "  Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved . " It added , "  We are still trying to process this information . " 5 tips on talking to kids about scary news Massacre suspect spooked gun range manager	Twenty people were still hospitalized Tuesday , six in critical condition The explosive setup resembled those used in Iraq and Afghanistan , an official says Holmes will be formally charged on July 30
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton is in no hurry to decide about a potential 2016 bid for the White House , saying it is a decision "  not to be made lightly . " As the political drumbeat builds for a possible Clinton candidacy , with polls showing that she is the leading contender for the Democratic nomination , the former secretary of state was asked in a New York magazine interview published online Sunday whether she wrestles with the idea . "  I do , " she said , "  but I 'm both pragmatic and realistic . I think I have a pretty good idea of the political and governmental challenges that are facing our leaders , and I 'll do whatever I can from whatever position I find myself in to advocate for the values and the policies I think are right for the country . "  I will just continue to weigh what the factors are that would influence me making a decision one way or the other . " Speech fans the flames of speculation Much has been made about a potential Clinton run since she stepped down this year as secretary of state , a position she accepted from President Barack Obama after losing to him in a bruising Democratic presidential primary in 2008 . Some of Clinton 's closest confidants insist she will run , even if she has n't realized it yet , the article said . Sarah Palin : Clinton ill-suited for president Of Clinton 's failed 2008 bid , her aide Melanne Verveer told the magazine , "  She does n't repeat her mistakes . " A CNN/ORC International survey released last week showed that 65 % of Democrats and independents who lean toward that party say they would likely back Clinton as their presidential nominee . Vice President Joe Biden came in a distant second , at 10 % , with freshman Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts at 7 % , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 6 % , and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley at 2 % . The CNN survey is in line with previous polls from other organizations conducted earlier this year that indicated Clinton is far ahead of all the other possible Democratic candidates . Opinion : Obama did Clinton a huge favor Clinton 's husband , former President Bill Clinton , said the polls are flattering but "  do n't mean much now . We 're a long way ahead . " "  I think she would be the first to tell you that there is no such thing as a done deal , ever , by anybody . But I do n't know what she 's going to do , " he told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . In her first interview since leaving the State Department , Hillary Clinton told the magazine : "  I 'm not in any hurry . I think it 's a serious decision , not to be made lightly but it 's also not one that has to be made soon . " She said the election is more than three years away , and the push to keep moving on to the next event is not good for the country . "  It 's like when you meet somebody at a party and they look over your shoulder to see who else is there , and you want to talk to them about something that 's really important ; in fact , maybe you came to the party to talk about that particular person , and they just want to know what 's next , " she said . "  I feel like that 's our political process right now . I just do n't think it is good . " Opinion : Bill , Hillary , Chelsea foundation an issue for Clinton 2016 CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I do n't know what she 's going to do , " Bill Clinton tells CNN Hillary Clinton talks presidential possibilities in interview with New York magazine It 's her first interview since stepping down as secretary of state She says she 'll "  continue to weigh what the factors are " that might lead to a presidential run
CNN  -- It can appear to the naked eye as a blur ; a frenzied whirlwind of arms and legs , but for Ancient Greece it epitomized an intoxicating marriage of harmony and balance . A sport with an almost unparalleled heritage , stretching back to the fifth century BC , Melina Robert-Michon is almost evangelical about her desire for the world to rediscover the art and beauty of the discus . For over a decade the 34-year-old has stood alone as France 's leading exponent of the discipline that descended from Discobolus , the omnipresent figure in Myron 's famous sculpture of a discus thrower from around 450 BC . "  It 's a sport that always existed ; we all have in mind the Greek statues from Discobolus , " Robert-Michon told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  But the goal is really to show this sport has changed , is interesting to practice and to watch , and to promote it . "  I think that promotion is a good way of discovering or re-discovering it in its modern aspect . " The complexity of the throwing technique -- the element that hooked Robert-Michon as a teenager -- remains as mysterious as ever , a juxtaposition of intensity , power and calmness . As well as proselytizing about the sport 's finer details , Robert-Michon is equally keen to move away from preconceptions of female discus throwers as bulky and butch . "  The image of discus throwing for women has changed over the years , " said the Frenchwoman , who came fifth at the London Olympics -- her fourth consecutive appearance at the Games . "  We are not anymore bodybuilding shaped women . We now have very feminine bodies , which are not that different from the norm -- I think it 's really important . "  There 's been a real evolution . It 's really women who are throwing nowadays , for me there are no difficulties regarding this aspect . " A latecomer to the sport , she gravitated to the discus from handball -- via the shot put -- at the age of 16 upon the recommendation of her high school sports teacher . Drawn in by the mystery of the throwing technique -- something she conquered in record time -- Robert-Michon came second at the World Junior Championships three years later , before being crowned under-23 European champion the following season . In between those two successes , the Frenchwoman appeared in her first Olympics , in Sydney in 2000 , going on to compete in Athens four years later as the Games staged an emotional homecoming to the place of its birth . Success on the international stage has been intermittent , but she is dominant on home soil . Her French record throw of 65.78 meters has endured for over a decade and only once since 2000 has she not been crowned national champion -- in 2010 when she took a break from the sport to have a baby . "  When I started , what I liked the most was the difficulty to throw , " said Robert-Michon , who was born in Isere in the French Alps . "  I did n't really understand how you could throw this sort of device that fast , with perfect trajectories and a flat discus . "  It 's something that really intrigued me and that 's what pushed me to do it , so I could control it . It 's really the complexity of the technique that appealed to me . Discus throwing is both technical and physical . "  You have to progress physically , while maintaining the technique and when you make a technical change , you can not lose the physique , so you have to keep the balance . "  You can be stronger , but if you can not transmit this power into the engine and the technique , the physical strength is useless . " With success and failure often coming down to centimeters , all those elements have to be combined to perfection . "  The qualities of a discus thrower are explosiveness , dynamism and speed , all of that while being very relaxed , " she added . "  The aim is to go fast while being the longest possible -- it 's quite paradoxical -- but that 's what make it difficult . Your aim is to have very relaxed arms , to give a lot of time to the discus before it 's thrown . "  The goal is to feel the discus well in your hand -- I do n't really know how to describe it -- to have a discus that 's like matching my hand . I have the feeling that it belongs to my body , to my hands . " Few could deny Robert-Michon her four appearances at the greatest showcase in sport , given the peerless determination she has shown to her craft . The 30 hours a week she spends practicing have often been alone , her coach Serge Debie having to fit training around his other commitments , and conducted in the depths of winter when there is no competition . Such is the precarious existence of a discus thrower , that Robert-Michon continued to work and study before turning professional in 2008 , even completing a short stint in the army 's communications department in 2004 . She still visits schools to talk about her life as an athlete and is desperate to spread the word about her chosen discipline . "  My ambition is really to promote my sport , so that people get to know it and get to like it . You ca n't like it if you do n't know it , " she said . "  I realize that people who follow my results and get into discus throwing just because they know me , actually start liking it and enjoy watching it or even practicing it . "  Sport has brought me a lot and when I go to schools , my aim is to pass it on and share what it brought to me . I want to tell them that they can do things . "  Athletics is great because it can be done by every body shape or pattern , everyone can choose their own sport and enjoy it . I 've learned a lot from sports and discus throwing , and I want to share what I received . "	Melina Robert-Michon has been France 's premier discus thrower for the last 12 years The 34-year-old wants more people to rediscover the sport 's art and beauty Discus has its origins in Ancient Greece and emerged in the fifth century BC Robert-Michon says the sport has changed from its rich heritage
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  The attackers sped into a Nigerian town with grenade launchers -- their gunfire and explosions shattering the early morning calm . As terrified residents scattered into bushes in Baga town and surrounding villages , the gunmen unloaded motorcycles from their trucks and followed in hot pursuit . Residents hid under scant brush . Bullets pierced them . Some sought refuge in their homes . They were burned alive . Many who tried to cross into neighboring Chad drowned while trying to swim through Lake Chad . By the time the weapons went quiet , local officials reported death tolls ranging from hundreds to as many as 2,000 people . That was January 3 , nine days ago . On Monday , bodies still littered the bushes in the area . "  It is still not safe to go and pick them up for burial , " said Musa Bukar , the chairman of the local government where Baga is located . No emergency crews will enter the villages where militants are still running amok , local authorities said . "  Baga is not accessible because it is still occupied by Boko Haram , " said Sen. Maina Ma'aji Lawan of northern Borno state . The strategic Nigerian town borders Chad , giving the extremists better access to both countries . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The group 's brutal tactics have shocked and stunned the world . It has kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in April -- and remain missing . On Saturday , explosives strapped to a girl detonated at a crowded marketplace in Nigeria , killing at least 20 people . Although no one has claimed responsibility , Boko Haram militants are the main suspects . But the scale of the early January attack -- the death of hundreds , possibly thousands -- defies belief . The attacks started at dawn on January 3 and continued throughout the weekend , according to residents . "  Each new crime committed by Boko Haram exceeds the last in brutality . This is a direct consequence of the environment of total impunity in which Boko Haram operates . Every time they get away with mass murder , rape and the enslavement of women and children , they are emboldened , " Angelina Jolie , special envoy of U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , said in a statement . She urged the United States and other nations to offer Nigeria help to "  collect evidence and bring the perpetrators of these attacks to justice . " Amnesty International called the massacre Boko Haram 's "  deadliest act . " "  If reports that the town was largely razed to the ground and that hundreds or even as many as 2,000 civilians were killed are true , this marks a disturbing and bloody escalation of Boko Haram 's ongoing onslaught , " said Daniel Eyre , Nigeria researcher for Amnesty International . The Nigerian military said the description of the attack as "  the deadliest " was "  quite valid . " "  The attack on the town by the bloodhounds and their activities since January 3 should convince well meaning people all over the world that Boko Haram is the evil all must collaborate to end , " it said . The misery is far from over . Those who survived the attack and tried to swim to Chad are now stranded on Kangala Island on Lake Chad . Chadian authorities are asking the United Nations to help relocate more than 1,000 of them . Abubakar Gamandi , a native of Baga who was away during the attack , said those trapped there are dying . " I have been in touch with them on the phone , " he said . "  They told me some of them are dying from lack of food , cold and malaria on the mosquito-infested island . " Of the 30,000 people displaced during the attacks , 20,000 camped in Maiduguri city . An additional 10,000 were being ferried from Monguno town , which is about 60 kilometers  36 miles  from Baga . Mike Omeri , a national security spokesman , said Nigerian troops are pursuing the militants . "  Security forces have responded rapidly and have deployed significant military assets and conducted airstrikes against militant targets , " Omeri said . "  Troops are engaged in operations to reclaim the area from the terrorists . " But Gamandi , the Baga native , said it 's not true . "  From information we are receiving from residents nearby , not a single Nigerian soldier has shown up in Baga since it was seized by Boko Haram , " he said . "  It is all propaganda . " Critics have accused President Goodluck Jonathan 's government of not doing enough to address the insurgency , which mostly affects opposition strongholds . Nigeria is holding presidential elections next month . Last week , Jonathan launched his re-election bid in a raucous rally in Lagos . He did not say a word about the massacres . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report from Abuja , Nigeria .	Angelina Jolie calls on the United States and others to assist Nigeria "  Bodies litter the bushes in the area , " a resident says Some residents hid in their homes and were burned alive ; others trying to flee are stranded on a mosquito-infested island
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- All that glitters may not be gold , but for Colombia 's narco-molls the most important thing is that it glitters . Yovanna Guzman was 19 when she met drug boss Wilber Varela , and she says he showered her with luxuries . Beauty queens , fashion models , actresses or regular girls made good are lovers of drug capos and above all lovers of the finest luxuries that cocaine money can buy . Few are prepared to speak publicly and even less to appear on camera . Those who date mob bosses do n't want to blow their cover . It could expose their boyfriends to arrest and themselves to retaliation . In addition , it could bring anti-drug police sniffing , ready to seize ill-gotten gains . One exception is Yovanna Guzman , a former beauty queen and model , with a mane of blond hair and a pneumatic figure -- a sure passport into the narco underworld where cup size is more important than IQ . For eight years , she was the lover of one of Colombia 's most ruthless cocaine traffickers , Wilber Varela . He was head of the North Valle Cartel . "  He had two faces . I saw him so tender with the ones he loved , then you see the cartel killings . He always said he was the best of friends and the worst of enemies , " Guzman said during an interview in Bogota . Watch Guzman describe Varela and how she met him " The Colombian government accused Varela of running tons of cocaine to the United States via Central America in go-fast speedboats and to Europe in small jets . Should drugs be legalized ? Sound off below Authorities put a $ 5 million bounty on his head . He gained a reputation for brutality during a yearslong dispute with a splinter faction of the same cartel , led by Diego Montoya , who until his capture in 2007 was listed alongside Osama bin Laden on the FBI 's list of the 10 most-wanted fugitives . Guzman was 19 when she met Varela . He told her he was a cattle rancher . She did n't ask questions and said she only found out the truth when she saw a Wanted poster with her boyfriend 's mug shot . He wooed her with expensive gifts and sponsored her through Chica Med , a second-rate beauty pageant organizers concede was viewed as a cattle market by gangsters looking for new girls . Some mob bosses bought the beauty title as a gift for their molls , though it 's not clear whether Varela paid for Guzman 's title . "  There were the vacations , the cars and the luxury SUVs and , of course , jewelry . There was always jewelry . But there were small details too like flowers , " she said . "  Of course , the luxuries do n't make you fall in love , but they do dazzle you . When you get dazzled , you get carried away , but then you ask yourself where is the love and my principles ? " Guzman said Varela 's first gift to her was a Rolex watch , followed by a Cartier watch , diamonds , jewelry , top-of-the-range sport utility vehicles and luxury apartments . She said she now realizes she was being bought and admits she sold herself . "  I feel all of us have a price up to a point . Sometimes you feel luxuries like the designer clothes , shoes and handbags are important . But afterward you realize you 're empty inside , " she said . Very quickly her drug lord boyfriend locked Guzman in a golden cage . He forbade her to do photo shoots or party with male friends , even though he had a stable of other top model girlfriends . "  He was very jealous , and what 's his is his and belongs to nobody else and nobody can touch it , look at it or mess with it , " she said . As Colombia 's law enforcers stepped up the hunt for Varela , Guzman 's time with him became less frequent . But she said he always seemed to know where she was or to whom she had talked . At one point , she said , a jealous Varela sent one of his lieutenants to shoot her in the leg . "  When I got shot , I was supposedly never going to walk properly again . The bullet could easily have hit me somewhere else and killed me . But I pulled myself together and I said I 'm not going to be crippled , " she said . What Guzman would n't explain was the reason for the punishment shooting . She giggled and promised to reveal the full details in a book she 's writing . She said she hopes her experiences will serve as a cautionary tale for other young women on the trail of easy money . Whether or not they will take a leaf out of that book is another matter . Ordinary Colombians seem to have an unshakable attraction to glamorous narco-lifestyles judging by the sky-high ratings of two TV soap operas . The "  Cartel " tells the story of the rise of the North Valle mob that Varela headed . The sequel , called "  Mafia Dolls , " portrays women such as Guzman . One of the silicone-enhanced actresses who played a supporting role in both soaps said that since her TV appearances she has received offers from real-life drug dealers , both in Medellin and Cali . "  Those narcos watch TV and are always on the lookout for fresh meat . So I began getting the calls when I appeared in ` The Cartel , ' " she said . "  I got a phone call from a guy who is a showbiz publicist , and he told me a guy from Medellin was offering $ 7,500 for me to spend the evening with him . " She said she refused that overture . Days later , a new BMW X5 SUV , with a bow on top , was left outside her home by the same drug trafficker who was trying to woo her . She said she returned the gift but gave no explanation how she found out the return address , given how secretive Colombian mob bosses are . "  All those narcos care about is how big your breasts are . If they want you , the first thing they do is send you to their plastic surgeons to have silicone implants . But it 's them who decide how big you should be , not you , " she went on . Guzman dares tell her story now for a simple reason -- Varela is dead . He was slain last year by one of his power-hungry lieutenants eager to take over the business . It marked the end of a nightmare she walked into with her eyes wide open . " -LSB- When I heard the news -RSB- , I did n't know whether to be happy or sad . Varela had his good side , but my freedom does n't have a price , " she said . "  I felt the golden cage had been flung open , and I could fly again . "	Former girlfriend of Colombian drug lord admits being bought by luxuries Yovanna Guzman dated cartel head Wilber Varela for eight years Guzman says he bought her cars , vacations , jewels but also ordered her shot in leg She says she felt her "  golden cage " had opened when he was killed last year
CNN  -- Two health care workers went to the emergency room with flu-like symptoms after coming into contact with a patient confirmed to have Middle East Respiratory Syndrome , or MERS , officials said Tuesday . The Florida patient represents the second confirmed case of MERS brought into the United States , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday . MERS is a mysterious virus that can be fatal , and was first found in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . One health care worker in Orlando began showing symptoms 72 hours after exposure to the MERS patient but did not meet criteria for admission and was sent home , said Dr. Antonio Crespo , an infectious disease specialist at Dr. P. Phillips Hospital , where the MERS patient is being treated . The health care worker will be monitored and seems to be improving , Crespo said . The other one , whose symptoms began 24 hours after exposure , was admitted to the same hospital , officials said Tuesday at a press conference . "  We 're just waiting for the results from the testing that was done yesterday to decide about discharge , " Crespo said . At-risk workers at home The two health care workers are among 20 in the Orlando area who may have been exposed to the MERS patient , and they are being tested for the virus , officials said . They were all notified and told to stay home and not work for 14 days , Crespo said . They also should monitor their temperatures and check for possible symptoms such as a cough , sore throat and fever . Five health team members who may be at risk have been identified at Orlando Regional Medical Center and 15 at Dr. P. Phillips Hospital , Crespo said . They were all evaluated for signs and symptoms that would be consistent for MERS . Samples were sent to the state lab for testing , said Dr. Ken Michaels , medical director for occupational health at Orlando Health . "  I 'm glad to report that I 've spoken to most of these team members today . They all report that they 're doing great , " Michaels said . On the 14th day , everyone involved will be brought back for further testing . Once medically cleared , they can return to work , officials said . Initial testing should be back within the next day or two , Michaels said . MERS : 5 things to know Two confirmed U.S. cases The confirmed MERS patient visited Orlando Regional Medical Center on May 5 , accompanying another person who was having a medical procedure , officials said . "  I think the risk is negligible to those in the waiting room or the radiology area at  Orlando Regional Medical Center  , " said Dr. Kevin Sherin of the Florida Department of Health in Orange County . The MERS patient was admitted to Dr. P. Phillips Hospital on May 9 . "  Before the patient came to the hospital , he was not having a cough , " Crespo said . "  He was not having respiratory symptoms . So we believe that that makes less risk of transmission to other potential contacts . " Officials from the CDC and the Florida Department of Health are investigating the MERS case . During a White House briefing Tuesday , press secretary Jay Carney said President Barack Obama had been briefed on the MERS situation in the United States and that the CDC is taking the lead . The first U.S. case was reported this month in Indiana . That patient was released from a hospital Friday into home isolation , according to state health officials . The Indiana patient was an American health care provider who had been working in Saudi Arabia and was on a planned visit to Indiana to see his family . The Florida patient is also a health care provider who lives and works in Saudi Arabia , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general with the U.S. Public Health Service and director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . She said that he is not a U.S. citizen and that the Florida case is not linked to the Indiana one . The U.S. Transportation Security Administration will post CDC advisories at more than 20 U.S. airports to alert travelers about the virus . Although there are no recommendations to change travel plans , the signs will advise travelers to the Arabian Peninsula to avoid contact with sick people and wash their hands often . They should contact a doctor if they develop symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath and coughing , the CDC said . "  We think it 's really critical to avoid overreacting in the community but also avoid under-reacting in the health care environment , " Schuchat told CNN . "  The reason for the signage is so that we can promptly identify potential cases so that they can be separated from other people . " Can SARS lessons prevent a MERS virus outbreak ? What is MERS ? As of Friday , there have been 538 cases of MERS in 17 countries , including 145 deaths , according to the World Health Organization , Schuchat said . The virus is also known as MERS-CoV since it is a coronavirus , the same group of viruses as the common cold . It attacks the respiratory system , according to the CDC . Symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . There is no vaccine or special treatment for MERS . Doctors said they believe the Indiana patient 's quick diagnosis and care dramatically increased his chances for getting better . The "  risk to the general public remains very low , " Schuchat said . In some countries , the virus has spread from person to person , but only in close contact , such as a person who was caring for an ill person . "  This virus has not shown the ability to spread easily from person to person in community settings , " she said . Out of "  an abundance of caution , " the CDC has been contacting people who were passengers on the same flights as the two patients with confirmed MERS , Schuchat said . No cases of MERS have been diagnosed as a result of transmission on a plane , the CDC 's Dr. Marty Cetron said . The 44-year-old Florida patient traveled on May 1 from Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , to London , then from London to Boston , Boston to Atlanta , and finally Atlanta to Orlando . The man began feeling unwell on the flight from Jeddah , with symptoms including "  fever , chills and a slight cough , " Schuchat said . Family members of the patient have been tested as well , Crespo said . "  The patient has been doing very well , " Crespo said . The patient had a low-grade fever of 100.2 on Monday night but has a minimal cough , and he is "  in great spirits . " MERS mystery : Virus found in camels CNN 's Miriam Falco , Elizabeth Cohen , Jen Christensen , and Athena Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : TSA will put up advisories about MERS in airports Two cases have been confirmed in the U.S. At least 20 health care workers told to not come to work They can return to work after 14 days if medically cleared
CNN  -- Does "  Fifty Shades of Grey 's " love affair between a dominant man and vulnerable young woman feel a tad bit familiar ? It might if you 're a tried and true fan of the "  Twilight " series . Welcome to the world of fan fiction , where fans tweak or add to existing series , novels and characters -- oftentimes with a steamy twist . By now you 've probably heard about the best-selling e-book "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " which was released in paperback Tuesday and will soon come to life on the big screen . The novel has readers , primarily grown women , clutching their e-readers under the covers , among other places . "  Fifty Shades " has been such a hit that Universal Pictures and Focus Features reportedly shelled out $ 5 million for the rights to E L James ' titillating trilogy , which many sites are referring to as "  mommy porn . " And while the early "  Twilight " novels were decidedly chaste  at first , anyway  , writers of fan fiction will tell you there 's a huge desire for erotic novels . Fan fiction grew popular in the 1960s thanks to "  Star Trek " as fans developed their own story lines to swap with other devotees . And the genre has flourished , allowing fans to adapt beloved stories and tailor existing literature to fit their own preferences , said Francesca Coppa , an English professor at Muhlenberg College and founding board member of the Organization for Transformative Works . That 's exactly what James did with "  Fifty Shades , " which drew inspiration from the insanely popular series by Stephenie Meyer . Christian Grey and Anastasia Steele are loosely based on "  Twilight 's " Edward and Bella . ` Mommy porn ' novel has retro message James , a TV executive , wife and mother based in London , took a young adult novel and spiced it up , said Sarah Weir , a contributing editor at Yahoo! Shine . Weir said that since a lot of young adult novels have such broad fan bases now , the success of "  Fifty Shades " will probably be replicated more and more . As both a writer and a reader , Coppa said she appreciates the freedom fan fiction offers . "  Typically I 'm happier to write stories that have sex in them than stories that have violence in them , " she said . "  I like the custom-madeness of it . It 's not just the same story with sex in it . But , often , the characters have changed in many ways . " "  Star Trek " fans familiar with "  Kirk/Spock " fan fiction , in which the two male characters engage in a homoerotic relationship , can attest . "  A lot of erotic  fan fiction  is actually queer , " Coppa said . "  A lot of people were writing gay and lesbian scenes at a time when there was n't much out there . " It made sense to write these scenes around "  Star Trek , " she said , which featured a "  very consciously diverse group of people . ... The one conspicuous absence was gays and lesbians . Fans rewrote those stories to put queer people at the table . " Coppa added , "  The wonderful thing about fandom is that you realize you 're not alone . " Erotic novel ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' goes viral ... for good reason So many mainstream stories now are about women who have children and balance exciting careers . But if the buzz surrounding "  Fifty Shades " is any indication , there are women out there who just want to feel like desired , sexual subjects , Coppa said . James ' novel puts them there , providing an outlet for a sort of creativity that has n't been considered mainstream . Sexual content is often shunned by the publishing world , said Los Angeles Times staff writer Carolyn Kellogg . "  People have been really turned on by this book . It 's so interesting that something considered dirty and second-rate is being embraced by the industry . " However , not all fan fiction is erotic . Erotic book gains popularity in suburbs "  Sometimes fan fiction is about seeing more of a character , " Coppa said . "  Saying , I want to see her in different environments , or see her in a different time . ... That has a happened a lot with Sherlock Holmes , whether he 's in the 1890s or ... contemporary London . " But not all authors are on board with fan fiction . "  The Wolf Gift " author Anne Rice wrote about the genre on her website : "  I do not allow fan fiction . The characters are copyrighted . It upsets me terribly to even think about fan fiction with my characters . I advise my readers to write your own original stories with your own characters . It is absolutely essential that you respect my wishes . " However , other writers have embraced it , allowing such stories to expand the demographic of their original work . HLN : 10 things to know about ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' Take Pottermore for example . J.K. Rowling 's website is a space for Harry Potter fans who do n't want those adventures to end . "  With Pottermore ,  Rowling  has said , ` Yes , you can come in and tell those stories the way you want to , " Kellogg said . "  I 'm not sure there will be a lot of other ` Fifty Shades of Grey , ' but the way people deal with fan fiction may be shifting in a real and significant way . "	Best-selling e-book "  Fifty Shades of Grey " is now out in paperback Filmmakers reportedly shelled out $ 5 million for the rights to the steamy trilogy The novel was inspired by Stephenie Meyer 's "  Twilight " characters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Thousands of Muslims gathered Friday on Capitol Hill for a day of prayer that organizers said was intended to inspire American Muslims and non-Muslims alike . People traveled from all over the United States to attend the Capitol Hill event , organizer Abdul Malik said . "  America is not perfect , " Abdul Malik , an organizer of the event called Islam on Capitol Hill , told the crowd . "  But I will say something it took me my whole adult life to come to : America is not perfect , but I want to tell the truth : It is one of the best places in the world to live . " Organizers had hoped that 50,000 people would show up for the Friday afternoon prayer session , which took place at the foot of the U.S. Capitol . There were also anti-Muslim protesters near the event . Earlier , Malik said , "  This is not a protest , it is a day of prayer , of devotion , hoping that we can work ... for the betterment of the world community . " He added , "  We can come together and work together for the common good . " He said that Muslims in the United States have a "  unique responsibility " and that the event seeks to inspire Muslims and all Americans . "  America represents , still , a beacon of hope , " he said . Malik said conversations about the event began only a few months ago . "  It 's amazing , " he said . "  The Web site has gotten more than 3 million hits already . " Friday 's event was focused on a 1 p.m. prayer , and a reception and banquet were planned afterward . Malik said attendees were traveling from all over the United States -- including Texas , Florida and Georgia -- as well as from other countries , such as Britain and Canada . "  The beautiful thing ... about this , is that we have a good representation of the uniqueness and beauty of what Islam stands for , " he said . Besides the protesters , the event drew other criticism . Malik said he had received some "  very nasty e-mails . " And one Christian leader warned of a strategy to "  Islamize " American society . "  It is important for Christians to understand that Friday 's Muslim prayer initiative is part of a well-defined strategy to Islamize American society and replace the Bible with the Koran , the cross with the Islamic crescent and the church bells with the Athan -LSB- the Muslim call to prayer -RSB- , " the Rev. Canon Julian Dobbs , leader of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America 's Church and Islam Project , said in a written statement . "  The time has come for the American public to call Islam to account , " he said .	NEW : Speaker calls U.S. "  one of the best places in the world to live " Prayer event sought to inspire Muslims and all Americans , one organizer says Event drew protesters , criticism from Christian leader , "  very nasty e-mails "
CNN  -- A 22-year-old Sudanese model who had been missing for nearly two weeks was found in an area hospital , a New York Police detective told CNN on Monday night . Detective Kelly Ort had no details about the condition of Ataui-Deng Hopkins , known in the fashion world as Ataui Deng . She was last seen August 6 about 11 p.m. on West 48th Street in Midtown Manhattan , according to a New York City Police Department statement released earlier Monday . Hopkins has worked with designers from Oscar de la Renta to Diane von Furstenberg , according to Corinne Nicolas , president of Trump Model Management . She has been featured in Vogue and worked for names such as Hermes and Kenzo . She was born in Sudan and immigrated to San Antonio , Texas , before signing with Trump Models in 2008 , Nicolas told CNN . "  She 's a much-loved model , " Nicolas said . "  She 's got a great personality , a great heart . She 's someone that people enjoy working with . " Hopkins is 6-feet-1 and weighs 110 pounds . She lives in Manhattan 's East Village , according to police . "  We are very worried , " said Nicolas , who said she learned of Hopkins ' disappearance last week . Three missing models in Colorado connected ? CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Ataui-Deng Hopkins was found in a hospital , a police detective tells CNN She was last seen August 6 on Manhattan 's West 48th Street Hopkins has been featured in Vogue and worked with major designers
Washington  CNN  -- The fragile U.S.-Russia relationship -- already frayed by disagreements over Syria , Iran and nuclear arms -- showed another sign of strain Sunday , as American lawmakers blasted the country 's President Vladimir Putin for allowing NSA leaker Edward Snowden to land in Moscow while evading U.S. espionage charges . Snowden , who has admitted leaking top-secret information about government surveillance programs , left Hong Kong on Sunday and later touched down in Moscow , according to Wikileaks , which helped him travel . While Russia is not believed to be his final destination -- Ecuador 's prime minister said Snowden applied for asylum in his country -- lawmakers on Sunday were quick to fault Putin for harboring a man the U.S. government desperately wants back . "  Putin always seems almost eager to put a finger in the eye of the United States , whether it is Syria , Iran , and now , of course , with Snowden , " Sen. Chuck Schumer said on CNN 's State of the Union . "  That 's not how allies should treat one another , and I think it will have serious consequences for the United States-Russia relationship . " That relationship was already showing signs of strain at last week 's Group of Eight conference in Northern Ireland , where global leaders pressured Putin on his country 's support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , which extends back to the Cold War and Assad 's father . At a joint appearance that followed a bilateral meeting last week , Putin and President Barack Obama were tense and unsmiling and offered no indication their deep disagreements about the way forward in war-torn Syria were any closer to being resolved . Why would Snowden head for Ecuador ? Later in the week , Obama publicly pressured Russia to join the United States in slashing its supply of nuclear weapons , saying both nations needed to "  move beyond Cold War nuclear postures . " Obama delivered his remarks at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin , which for decades symbolized the East-West divide . On Sunday , however , the divide between the United States and Russia persisted . Schumer , a New York Democrat , suggested on CNN that Putin personally approved Snowden 's landing in Moscow on Sunday . "  Very few are the areas in which he does cooperate  with the U.S.  these days . I think this action , Putin allowing Snowden to land in Russia and then go somewhere else , is going to have serious consequences for the U.S.-Russian relationship , " Schumer said . His characterization of Russia 's stance was echoed by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , an infrequent ally of Schumer 's , who spoke on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  I hope we 'll chase him to the ends of the earth , bring him to justice and let the Russians know there will be consequences if they harbor this guy , " said Graham , who represents South Carolina . "  They want to be part of the world community , the  World Trade Organization  . They want a good relationship with the United States . They should hold this felon and send him back home for justice , " Graham said . Russia joined the World Trade Organization last August after nearly two decades of negotiations . Before being admitted , it was the largest economy not represented at the global trade body . As lawmakers spoke Sunday , it remained unclear where Snowden 's final destination would be , though he was not expected to remain in Russia . Snowden 's U.S. passport has been revoked , according to a source familiar with the matter , setting up any travel out of Russia to become a major diplomatic flashpoint . "  Persons wanted on felony charges , such as Mr. Snowden , should not be allowed to proceed in any further international travel , other than is necessary to return him to the United States , " State Department Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . Earlier in June , Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russia would consider a request for political asylum from Snowden , but that such a request from the NSA leaker had not yet been made . Peskov , in an indication of the Kremlin 's stance , also wrote on Twitter , "  The U.S. security services were breaking the laws of their country by tapping phone calls and conducting Internet surveillance . " Wikileaks ' Assange urges support for Snowden , slams Obama "  Snowden , same as Assange , is a human rights activist , " he continued , referring to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , currently holed up at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he 's been granted asylum . Asked Sunday whether he believed Putin had advance knowledge of Snowden 's travel plans , Rep. Mike Rogers , the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said , "  That would n't surprise me . " "  Russia is a country that wants to get back on the world stage , and I do n't think they really care if they do it in a way that 's in the best interest of good citizenship around the world , " Rogers said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " citing Putin 's stance on Syria and nuclear disarmament . "  I 'm sure they would love to have a little coffee and a few conversations with Mr. Snowden , " continued the Michigan Republican , referring to the Russians . "  That 's why this is so serious and why we need to be so aggressive in making sure that people understand the difference between somebody who betrays their country and gives secrets away that will protect American lives at the expense of whatever he hopes to gain in the company of the Russians . " Rogers ' remarks underscored the debate between those who believe Snowden committed an act of treason and those who view him as a hero promoting greater government transparency . The debate has created unlikely alliances in Washington , where some Democrats find themselves on the same side as Republicans -- and opposite their base -- in calling for Snowden 's arrest . An empty debate ? Why little will happen to change how we snoop Rep. Nancy Pelosi , the House Democratic leader , was loudly booed and heckled at a conference of progressives Saturday when she asserted Snowden had broken the law . Earlier , she drew a distinction between lawmakers like herself , who oversee the nation 's security , and privacy-minded citizens . "  I know that some of you attribute heroic status to that action , " she said , referring to Snowden 's leaks . "  But , again , you do n't have the responsibility for the security of the United States . Those of us who do have to strike a different balance . " "  I do n't think this man is a whistle-blower , " another California Democrat , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  Whatever his motives are , and I take him at face value , he could have stayed and faced the music . I do n't think running is a noble thought . " That view was countered by Sen. Rand Paul , a libertarian-minded Kentucky Republican who has been one of the few U.S. lawmakers to praise Snowden . While he warned Snowden would be discredited if he "  cozies up to the Russian government , " Paul suggested the former CIA employee had lived up to his duty as a citizen by exposing what he felt were government misdeeds . "  I would say that Mr. Snowden has n't lied to anyone . He did break his oath of office , but part of his oath of office is to the Constitution , " Paul said on CNN , adding : "  He was simply coming forward and telling the truth -- that your government was lying . " Obama takes NSA controversy to nascent watchdog group	Lawmakers blast Russia for allowing Edward Snowden to land in Moscow ` That 's not how allies should treat one another , ' says Sen. Schumer Debate persists over whether Snowden is a hero or a traitor
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden forcefully reaffirmed U.S. support for Israel during a speech Sunday before the general assembly of a major Jewish organization , telling the audience that "  the ties between our two countries are literally unbreakable . " Biden spoke at the Jewish Federations of North America annual gathering in New Orleans , Louisiana , after meeting for about an hour with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is scheduled to address the group Monday . Throughout the speech , Biden repeatedly stressed the strong relationship between the United States and Israel saying he feels "  absolutely certain that our support for Israel must continue ... forever . " He also downplayed reports of a rift in relations due in part to Israel 's announcement in March while Biden was visiting the country that it was building 1,600 housing units in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians claim as their capital . "  I can tell you -- and I 'm sure he  Netanyahu  will tell you as well -- that the disagreements when they existed have only been tactical in nature , they have never been fundamental , " Biden said . "  This administration represents an unbroken chain of American leaders who have understood this critical strategic relationship -- one in which we will not yield one single inch , " he said , adding that President Barack Obama "  feels exactly the same way as I do . " Biden also threw his support behind the resumption of direct peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians , which stalled in September when Israel failed to renew its freeze on Jewish settlement construction . "  While the United States will continue to do whatever we can to defend Israel 's legitimacy , whenever and wherever it is questioned , we all know that the only true way for it to gain the long-term security it seeks and deserves is through genuine , secure peace with its neighbors , " he said . "  There is no substitute for direct , face-to-face negotiations . He also cautioned both sides from taking unilateral actions "  that will prejudice the outcome of these negotiations . " Biden was apparently referring to comments made Thursday by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who said there are options the Palestinians could pursue if the peace talks do n't go forward . Those would include asking the United States to adopt a framework for peace and present it to both parties or go to the U.N. Security Council or General Assembly . Abbas said the United States has the obligation to help the Palestinians approach the United Nations .	"  The ties between our two countries are unbreakable , " Biden says Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will address the group Monday Biden downplays reports of a rift between the two nations
2014 is shaping up to be a pivotal political year for Republicans . Voters in a handful of GOP primaries will have to decide if Washington will move toward responsible partisanship , or if the Capitol slides further into polarization , shutdowns , manufactured crises and other forms of dysfunction . The battle has already begun . Karl Rove , the political wizard behind George W. Bush 's campaigns , is engaging his American Crossroads Super PAC to take down any primary challengers to the GOP establishment 's candidates . He 's formed a group called the Conservative Victory Project to screen and recruit candidates the establishment likes for House and Senate seats . Although Rove unsuccessfully spent hundreds of millions of dollars on former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and other federal candidates in 2012 , the U.S. Chamber of Congress joined efforts with Rove recently to elect candidates who favor big business and to defeat tea party , evangelical and libertarian candidates . "  Our object is to avoid having stupid candidates who ca n't win general elections , " Rove said on Fox News . Scott Reed , a longtime Republican strategist and spokesman for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , told The Wall Street Journal , "  Our No. 1 focus is to make sure ... that we have no loser candidates . That will be our mantra : No fools on our ticket . " The Chamber of Commerce plans to spend at least $ 50 million in 2014 Republican primaries . That 's not much by current standards , but it 's provoked a reaction . "  It 's insane , " Cleta Mitchell , Washington attorney and conservative activist told Newsmax . "  That 's fine if they want to spend that money , but I think it 's going to be wasted . " The Club for Growth , a big player in right-wing politics , is n't happy with Rove 's declaration of intraparty warfare . The club 's president , Chris Chocola , called the Rove-U.S. Chamber alliance "  misguided in many respects . " After affirming their right to free speech , Chocola added , "  The problem with a lot of the groups is that they do n't really care about what the candidates believe . " In other words , the Rove groups find big-business , big-government candidates acceptable as long as they 're Republican . It 's a little surreal to hear Rove and Reed insulting the tea party , while "  credentialed conservatives " respond in polite and measured tones , but that 's where we are . This will likely continue . Rove , a master at holding and stating diametrically opposed positions at the same time , predicted Republican unity while declaring victory in the battle to win over Republican voters who comprise the base of the party . "  Every Republican senator and virtually every representative challenged in a primary as insufficiently conservative will win , " he wrote -- an in-your-face prediction aimed at the Club for Growth , tea party Republicans and anyone dissatisfied with Rove 's "  winning for big business " strategy . In reaction , the Club for Growth started a website that urges voters to "  primary " their congressperson ; that is , run candidates against Washington Republican officeholders . However we slice it , ultraconservative , small-business , small - government Republicans are opposing establishment Republicans who are big - business , big-government conservatives .  There are only a handful of true Republican moderates left in Congress  . To put this in perspective , let me recount a little recent history . After the 2008 election , the Republican Party was so unpopular that in response , Rove and others decided to capitalize on the nascent tea party movement , using the Republican Party 's structure , connections and money to propel it into a viable political force . Rove , in a 2010 column , advised independents who identified with the tea party movement to remain apart from the Republican Party and to "  begin the difficult task of disassociating themselves from cranks and conspiracy nuts . " Rove 's intent -- and that of the Republican establishment -- was to manipulate the tea party movement into kicking out Republican Party ultraconservatives . That failed . Independents stayed where they were , in the middle , unassociated with either party or the tea party movement . However , tea party organizers  almost all of them Republicans  captured a sizable portion of the Republican base , appealing better than the establishment to libertarians and evangelicals . This is why the Republican Party now finds itself in a civil war . Tea Party identifiers , libertarians and evangelicals keep separate identities , but they pretty well agree they do n't like the establishment , which includes Mitch McConnell , John Boehner and anyone who associates too closely with them . For decades , the Republican establishment ran candidates in primaries who "  talked the talk " of ultraconservatives but switched to more moderate talk for the general election , and after election , voted less conservatively . As gerrymandering isolated congressional districts into almost pure Republican or Democratic constituencies , both parties began to nominate fewer and fewer centrist candidates . Now , groups such as the Club for Growth , the Madison Project and the Tea Party Leadership Fund , among others , want to toss out big-business conservatives because time and practice have proved them untrustworthy to deliver on primary promises . The irony of this internal warfare is that GOP establishment leaders are the ones who have schooled the tea party Republicans in the tactics of extreme partisan gridlock to achieve maximum political gain . Now , the establishment is running against the tea party as if they were the political extremists . Get ready for a showdown . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile : 2014 is shaping up to be a pivotal year for Republicans Brazile : An internal war is brewing between GOP establishment and the tea party She says both sides are schooled in the tactics of extreme partisan gridlock Brazile : Get ready for a shutdown as candidates fight for votes in the GOP primaries
CNN  -- Serena Williams has revealed she is not in love with playing tennis , despite an impressive straight sets victory on her return to action at the Brisbane International tournament . Playing in her first match since losing the U.S. Open final to Samantha Stosur in September , Williams brushed aside South African Chanelle Scheepers 6-2 6-3 with consummate ease . The 30-year-old American , who is seeded fourth in Brisbane , fired down seven aces in a 68-minute victory -- but later told reporters that she will cut back her schedule even further in 2012 . Clijsters returns with convincing victory "  I just want to be able to do other things that I 'm doing and expand on that . I think that helps keep my motivation up , " said the 13-time grand slam winner . "  I do n't love tennis today but I 'm here . I ca n't live without it -- there 's a difference between not loving something and not being able to live without it . "  It 's not that I 've fallen out of love with it . I 've actually never liked sports and I never understood how I became an athlete , " Williams continued . "  I do n't like working out , I do n't like anything physical . If it involves sitting down or shopping , I 'm excellent at it . " In other matches , top seed and local favorite Stosur beat Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus 6-2 6-3 and is on course to face Williams again in the semifinals . Second seed Andrea Petkovic of Germany defeated Israeli Shahar Peer 7-6 1-6 6-3 , while former world number one Ana Ivanovic saw off Austrian Tamira Paszek 6-3 6-3 and now faces Kim Clijsters .	Serena Williams reveals she does not love tennis after Brisbane victory Williams is impressive in straight sets win over South African Chanelle Scheepers Top seed and local favorite Samantha Stosur also cruises through to second round
Editor 's note : Maria Hinojosa , an award-winning journalist and author , joined NOW on PBS as senior correspondent in 2005 . Hinojosa , who formerly covered urban affairs for CNN , also serves as anchor and managing editor of National Public Radio 's "  Latino USA , " a weekly national program reporting on news and culture in the Latino community . Maria Hinojosa says Sonia Sotomayor 's success has helped boost self-confidence for many . NEW YORK  CNN  -- It 's a question I never thought I would ask my daughter . But I loved being able to ask it . "  Yurema ? " "  Yes , Mom , " my 11-year-old daughter said . "  Tell me what T-shirt you would most like to wear : one that says ' I am a Wise Latina , ' ` My Mother is a Wise Latina ' or ` Sonia is a Wise Latina ' ? " She cocked her head slightly and then quickly said , "  I am a Wise Latina . " Eleven years old , and this is the vision she already has of herself . It 's a pretty wonderful thing to watch that certain something blossom in a girl ... one of those often fleeting moments when a girl owns her own power . For me , the decision to wear my own "  Wise Latina " T-shirt raises all kinds of issues . It makes me confront a past that I have known for decades . Deep down inside , I , like many other Latinas , struggle with my own very deep insecurities in relation to my white male colleagues . I think after witnessing history on television for the past two weeks , those insecurities have pretty much dissipated . Sonia Sotomayor has blazed the trail . I ca n't go back to thinking that way , anymore , ever . Before , when I told people that I was a Latina , I never knew what , if any , image they might have in their mind . Everyone carries stereotypes and preconceived notions . But now when I say to people that I am a Latina , might they immediately think , "  A wise Latina " ? My daughter is learning all of these lessons from Sotomayor , a Puerto Rican woman . When I was Yurema 's age , back in the '70s , the only Puerto Rican woman I knew of was Maria  played by Natalie Wood  from "  West Side Story . " I grew up on the South Side of Chicago after being born in Mexico . My Puerto Rican Maria from West Side Story taught me that love and commitment could transcend borders and divisions . Sonia is teaching Yurema , and all of us , that intelligence and compassion  and an honest way with words  can also cross all borders : political ones , those of gender or ethnicity . And I have learned that my own challenge now is to reach this very high bar that Sotomayor has set . I must "  own " that I am , indeed , a wise Latina . Later on the day of the T-shirt decision , my daughter hears my reaction when I read that Sen. John McCain , whom my daughter knows well because we followed the election , is going to vote against Sotomayor 's confirmation . "  What a big jerk ! " was her age-appropriate response . Then , after a pause , Yurema said , "  So that means John McCain thinks Sarah Palin is a wise woman ? But not Sonia ? Harrumph . " "  Harrumph " is also an age-appropriate response . But the lasting impact of McCain 's decision will be much more profound than upsetting an 11-year-old wise Latina girl . In fact , I would venture to say that , politically , there are many in the Republican Party who are convinced this was a politically unwise choice by McCain . It 's just not that complicated . Look at the changing demographics in the United States . Then think about what happens when you vote against the first Latina Supreme Court nominee . Maybe McCain is n't wise enough to see that reality , so I will tell him a story about a Dominican-born , U.S. citizen cabby from my Harlem neighborhood . While he drove down Broadway , I asked the cabby if he thought that President Obama was pandering to the Latino communities across the country with the Sotomayor nomination . "  Pero muchacha ! " he exclaimed in a true Dominican style . "  He is not pandering . He owes us ! Everyone knows now that without the Latino vote , you can not win the presidency . He has to deliver , politically . I am a new citizen , and I voted for Obama my first time . Just like a bunch of us Dominican cabbies . Now this is my country and my politics . " "  And is that the way you guys talk amongst yourselves ? That the Latino vote is that powerful ? " "  Yep , asi lo vemos . That 's how we see it ! But even though we love Sonia , Obama still owes us . " And what must Obama deliver to satisfy this very politically astute cabby ? "  Imigracion ! He must solve this immigration problem . Families are divided up . It is unjust . So Obama must understand that is what we want him to deliver now . " A wise Latino with some wise advice for the president . And for McCain and the Republican Party ? Buena suerte , winning the next elections ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Hinojosa .	Maria Hinojosa : My daughter and I are wearing "  wise Latina " T-shirts She says Sonia Sotomayor has helped erase insecurity for many She says McCain 's opposition to Sotomayor 's nomination was a mistake Hinojosa : Political impact of Latino population is likely to grow
CNN  -- Sympathy for biting footballer Luis Suarez has been in short supply , but Friday the Uruguayan found support from an unlikely candidate -- his latest victim . Bitten on the shoulder by Suarez during Tuesday 's match against Uruguay , Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini labelled the four-month ban handed down to Suarez by football 's global governing body FIFA as "  excessive . " "  Now inside me there 's no feelings of joy , revenge or anger against Suarez for an incident that happened on the pitch and that 's done , " Chiellini told his personal webiste . "  There only remains the anger and the disappointment about the match , " added the Juventus defender , referring to Italy 's exit from the World Cup after Uruguay 's 1-0 win . But FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke stood by the punishment handed out by the world governing body and told reporters that Suarez should seek professional help after his latest biting incident . "  I think he should find a way to stop doing it , " said Valcke . "  He should go through a treatment . It is definitely wrong . " Suarez has returned to a hero 's welcome in the Uruguayan capital of Montevideo while his countrymen prepare to play Colombia in the round of 16 on Saturday in Rio de Janeiro . The Liverpool star 's punishment , which also includes a nine-match international ban , prohibits him from football-related activities , meaning he will be prevented from training with his teammates until late October . "  I sincerely hope that he will be allowed , at least , to stay close to his teammates during the games because such a ban is really alienating for a player , " added Chiellini . "  At the moment my only thought is for Luis and his family , because they will face a very difficult period . " The president of the Uruguayan Football Association confirmed it will appeal against Suarez 's ban as one of his personal sponsors announced it was terminating its contract with the player . "  888poker signed Luis Suarez following a fantastic season for which his achievements were widely recognized , " said gambling website 888poker . com in a statement . "  Regrettably , following his actions during Uruguay 's World Cup match against Italy on Tuesday , 888poker has decided to terminate its relationship with Luis Suarez with immediate effect . " The bite on Chiellini is the third such offense of Suarez 's career . When playing with Dutch club Ajax in 2007 he was suspended for seven games for biting an opponent , while he was hit with a 10-match sanction for an identical offense while playing for Liverpool in April 2013 . Suarez also courted controversy in 2011 , when he was handed an eight-match ban for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . Following previous indiscretions , Suarez has enjoyed the backing of his club Liverpool . According to Spanish radio network Cadena COPE , Suarez 's lawyer will meet with representatives of the English Premier League team in Barcelona . Suarez has been heavily linked with a move away from Liverpool and , with the 27-year-old set to miss the first nine games of the Premier League season , it remains to be seen whether the Anfield team will continue to stand by its man . Argentina great Diego Maradona has also come out in support of SuÃ ¡ rez , likening the ban to being "  handcuffed " and "  thrown in Guantanamo . " Beckenbauer ban lifted Meanwhile , FIFA has lifted its ban on German legend Franz Beckenbauer for failing to cooperate with its investigation of alleged corruption in the award of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Beckenbauer , a World Cup winner as a player and coach , was handed a 90-day suspension earlier this month , but it has now been revoked , the world governing body announced Friday . Beckenbauer had claimed that the questions he was being asked to answer were in complicated English , but in a statement released on Twitter by his manager Marcus Hoefl , he admitted he had "  under-estimated the matter . " Hoefl had confirmed on Twitter on June 18 that his client had since given detailed replies to the FIFA ethics committee probe , which is being headed by American lawyer Michael Garcia . The 68-year-old Beckenbauer , who was a member of the FIFA executive committee which awarded the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar , will not be traveling to Brazil for the current competition , Hoefl also confirmed .	Giorgio Chiellini says ban handed to Luis Suarez is "  excessive " Suarez was banned from football for nine months for biting Chiellini NEW : FIFA chief says Suarez needs to seek professional help NEW : FIFA lifts ban on German great Franz Beckenbauer
CNN  -- The number of interracial couples in the United States has reached an all-time high , with one in every 10 American opposite-sex married couples saying they 're of mixed races , according to the most recent Census data released Wednesday . In 2000 , that figure was about 7 % . The rate of interracial partnerships also is much higher among the unmarried , the 2010 Census showed . About 18 % of opposite-sex unmarried couples and 21 % of same-sex unmarried partners identify themselves as interracial . The term interracial , as it pertains to the study , is defined as members of a couple identifying as of different races or ethnicities . Neither black nor white : Three multiracial generations , one family Analysts suggest the new figures could reflect U.S. population shifts , broader social acceptance of such unions and a more widespread willingness among those polled to be classified as mixed race . "  Identifying as an interracial couple shifts over time , " census spokeswoman Rose Kreider said . Among interracial opposite-sex married couples , non-Hispanics and Hispanics are by far the most frequent combination , making up about 45 % of such partnerships , Kreider said . The second most represented group are those in which at least one person identifies as multiracial , while the third are marriages between whites and Asians . Marriages between blacks and whites are the fourth most frequent group among married opposite-sex interracial couples .	One in 10 opposite-sex married couples in U.S. say they 're of mixed races , census data show In 2000 , that figure was about 7 % The rate of interracial partnerships is much higher among unmarried people Of interracial opposite-sex married couples , non-Hispanics marry Hispanics most frequently
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's foreign minister on Thursday called the attempted assassination of a teenage activist who pushed against extremists and in support of women 's rights and education "  a wake-up call  to  a clear-and-present danger . " Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar spoke to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour two days after Malala Yousufzai , 14 , was gunned down as she headed home from school in Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley . The girl was in critical condition Thursday at a military hospital outside Islamabad after surgeons removed a bullet lodged in her neck . The Taliban have claimed responsibility for targeting Malala , who enraged the militant group by writing about her daily battle with extremists who used fear and intimidation to force girls to stay at home instead of going to school . Malala 's online writing earned her Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize in November . Read more : 14-year-old girl wins Pakistan 's first peace prize The Taliban have vowed to kill the teenager if she survives . According to Khar , people in Pakistan and all over the world must confront those "  who choose to use violence ... to follow whatever they consider to be their agenda . " While noting Pakistan 's previous military efforts in the Swat Valley , the foreign minister said the teenage girl 's shooting may force even more decisive action between two scenarios -- one that includes rights for women as represented by Malala and "  the other ... trying to be imposed by this particular band  of  extremists . " "  Today , for  Pakistan  , it could be , possibly be a turning point , " she said . "  I would keep my fingers crossed on that . " Education a focus on International Day of the Girl Malala is suffering from severe cerebral edema , or swelling of the brain , said Lt. Col. Junaid Khan , the head of neurosurgery at the Peshawar hospital . Her uncle , Faiz Muhammad , said his niece had n't been conscious or responsive in the more than 24 hours after the surgery to remove the bullet . Muhammad , who is at the hospital with Malala , said the family is "  very worried " about her condition . "  We are counting on all the prayers of the nation , " he said . "  The prayers are with us , so , God willing , everything is going to be fine . " When Taliban gunmen stopped the van carrying Malala and two other girls Tuesday , they asked which one was Malala Yousufzai . When the girls pointed her out , the men fired , striking all three girls . The two others were not seriously injured in the attack . Opinion : Cowards shot this brave girl A day later , police took the van driver and another person into custody for questioning . They said they had identified the culprits , but had been arrested . Khar added Thursday that there 's been significant law enforcement activity beyond that , saying about 100 people have been arrested on suspicions of "  colluding " with the attackers . The foreign minister noted , too , that Pakistani authorities offered additional protection prior to the shooting , but Malala 's family had turned it down . The Taliban itself issued a statement Thursday defending the attempted killing on religious grounds , saying anyone who "  campaigns against Islam and Sharia  Muslim law  is ordered to be killed by Sharia . " The Taliban denied targeting the teen activist because of her demands for an education . "  That 's absolutely wrong , and a propaganda of media , " the group said . "  Malala is targeted because of her pioneer role in preaching secularism and so-called enlightened moderation . " The Taliban accused Malala of "  playing a vital role in bucking up " the Pakistani government and "  inviting Muslims to hate mujahedeen . " Khar , Pakistan 's foreign minister , said Malala 's shooting -- and the Taliban 's justification for it -- has been "  rejected by all Pakistanis . " The assassination attempt has also stirred furor abroad . Former U.S. first lady Laura Bush , for instance , hailed Malala as an inspiration . Gallery : Prominent women speak on International Day of the Girl "  We must speak up before these acts occur , work to ensure that they do not happen again , and keep our courage to continue to resist the ongoing cruelty and barbarism of the Taliban , " Bush said , writing in the Washington Post on Wednesday . "  Malala Yousufzai refused to look the other way . We owe it to her courage and sacrifice to do the same . " The singer Madonna said , during a Wednesday night concert in Los Angeles , that Malala 's story made her cry and exclaimed , "  Support education ! Support women ! " As she performed a striptease , Madonna "  turned her back to the audience to reveal the name ` Malala ' stenciled across it , " according to The Hollywood Reporter . "  This song is for you , Malala , " she said , and then sang "  Human Nature . " Opinion : Make schools safe for girls everywhere Malala wrote about her life in Swat Valley , a hotbed of militant activity . The valley near the Afghanistan border once attracted tourists to Pakistan 's only ski resort , as well as visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . But that was before militants -- their faces covered with dark turbans -- unleashed a wave of violence . They demanded veils for women , beards for men and a ban on music and television . They allowed boys ' schools to operate but closed those for girls . International Day of the Girl : Advice from leading women It was in this climate that Malala reached out to the outside world through her blog posts . "  I have the right of education , " Malala said in a CNN interview last year . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Malala also encouraged other young people to take a stand against the Taliban -- and to not hide in their bedrooms . "  God will ask you on the day of judgment where were you when your people were asking you , when your school fellows were asking you , and when your school was asking you  why  I am being blown up . " Mian Iftikhar Hussein , Swat Valley 's provincial information minister , said he was declaring a bounty of $ 100,000 for the capture of the culprits in the attempt on Malala 's life . Your stories : Girls + Education CNN 's Shaan Khan , and journalists Aamir Iqbal and Noreen Shams contributed to this report .	NEW : About 100 are arrested for allegedly "  colluding " with the shooters , foreign minister says "  It could be ... a turning point " in Pakistan 's fight against extremists , she adds The blogger , Malala Yousufzai , is still in critical condition after Tuesday 's attack The Taliban vow to kill the well-known Pakistani teenager if she survives
CNN  -- English rugby coach Dean Richards has been banned from coaching for three years for his part in masterminding a fake blood injury to one of his players . English rugby coach Dean Richards admitted asking his player to fake an injury using artificial blood . In a scandal dubbed "  bloodgate " the 46-year-old admitted to getting one of his players to use fake blood to feign injury in order to make an otherwise impossible substitution happen at a crucial time in a European Cup quarterfinal between his side Harlequins and Leinster . Sport is littered with competitive personalities , but some are prepared to go further than others in order to achieve victory . Do you agree with CNN 's list of sport 's top ten notorious rulebreakers ? 1 . Diego Maradona , football - For years Maradona shared the credit for his most remembered goal with a higher being . "  A little with the head of Maradona and a little with the hand of God " was his account of how he scored the opener in Argentina 's 2-1 victory over England during the 1986 World Cup semi-final . However , in 2005 Maradona admitted that it was less divine intervention than retribution that was behind the now infamous goal . Referring to the British control of the Falkland Islands which lie just off Argentina and were the scene of a bitter war in 1982 , he said : "  I do n't for a second regret scoring that goal with my hand . . whoever robs a thief gets a 100-year pardon . " 2 . Rosie Ruiz , the marathon - After taking gold-medal in the 1980 Boston Marathon and setting the third-fastest time ever recorded for a female runner in the process , many spectators noticed how remarkably sweat-free and relaxed the 23-year old Ruiz appeared as she took to the winner 's podium . Race officials were also dismayed by the jubilant victor 's absence from the numerous photographs taken during the competition , and none of the checkpoint monitors or fellow runners were able to recognize the young champion after the 26-mile race had ended . It was not long before a few members of the crowd came forward to reveal that they had seen Ruiz simply jump in during the last half-mile , where she duly sprinted to the finish line . 3 . Carlos "  Panama " Lewis , boxing - In the early 1980s "  Panama " was regarded as one of the most formidable boxing trainers of his time . These days he is typically regarded as one of the sports murkiest operatives . Panama 's lowly stature was secured during the 1983 fight between his boxer Lewis Resto and Billy Collins Jr. . Before the fight Panama had soaked Resto 's hands in plaster of Paris and removed the padding from his gloves . Resto punched Collins Jr to a pulp and , nine months later , Collins Jr - suffering from depression caused by the fight - died in a car accident that many believe was suicide . Diego Maradona scores against England for Argentina using what he called the "  hand of God . " 4 . Spain 's 2000 Paralympic team , basketball - The 2000 Sydney Paralympics witnessed the basketball team from Spain take the gold medal in the "  intellectual disability " category . However , soon after Carlos Ribagorda , an undercover journalist , revealed that the players on Spain 's team had not actually undergone the testing required to prove mental deficiency . It turned out that ten of the twelve players on the Spain basketball team had no such disability . The International Paralympic Committee subsequently decided to scrap the category due to the difficulties of assessing the disabilities of performers . 5 . Michel Pollentier , cycling - In 1978 the Belgian rider was ahead of the rest of the field after the mountain stage of the Tour de France . He submitted a urine sample which came back clean from drugs , the only problem was it was n't his urine ! It transpired that Pollentier had used a sample given to him by his teammate that was delivered via a plastic pipe concealed in his shorts , he was subsequently thrown from the Tour . 6 . Dwain Chambers , athletics - The British sprinter had high hopes of taking on the world 's elite after showing early potential but his career was derailed when he tested positive for the banned substance THG in 2003 . Slapped with a two-year suspension and lifetime ban from the British Olympic Association  BOA  Chambers later revealed he was taking a cocktail of seven different drugs . 7 . Boris Onishchenko , fencing - As a fencer for the Soviet Union , Boris Onishchenko performed unbelievably for his nation 's modern pentathlon team at the 1976 Olympics . And there was good reason as the British team , who complained to the organizers , suspected . It turns out the wily athlete used an illegal switch to trigger the system that registered a hit from his foil on his opponents , which guaranteed him victory . The illegal switch on his grip was discovered resulting in his disqualification from the Games . The British sprinter Dwain Chambers admitted to taking a cocktail of seven different drugs while competing . 8 . Dora Ratjen , high jump - In the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin , Adolf Hitler was determined to prove his philosophy about the Aryan race -- that meant winning at any cost . Ratjen , who was known for her low voice and reluctance to share the shower room with the other female athletes , was the German entry for the women 's high jump . After setting a new world record , Britain 's Dorothy Tyler , the former holder , suggested to officials that Ratjen was a man . After some research Ratjen was found serving as a waiter called Hermann . Dora , born Hermann Ratjen , had in fact been a member of the Hitler Youth and said that the Nazis had made him participate as a woman . 9 . Fred Lorz , the marathon - In the burning heat of the 1904 Olympic Games in St. Louis , only 14 of the 32 starting marathon runners made the finish line . All the more credit then to Fred Lorz , the New Yorker who burst through the white tape after three hours and 13 minutes , to be announced the winner . Having bagged a photograph with the Alice Roosevelt , daughter of the President of the United States , Lorz was on his way to collect an apparently well-deserved gold medal . However , word soon spread that the American had spent nearly half the marathon sitting down ... in a car . Despite claiming it was just a practical joke , Lorz received a lifetime ban . 10 . Ben Johnson , 100 meters - Having taken gold medal at the 1988 Seoul Olympics and slicing four-hundredths of a second off the world record , Canada 's 100m sprint champion took to the mic : "  I 'd like to say my name is Benjamin Sinclair Johnson Jnr and this world record will last 50 years , maybe 100 . " Only hours after the race had ended , a urine sample belonging to the sprinter was found to contain the anabolic steroid stanozolal resulting in the time being scrapped from the record books . Johnson protested his innocence but , after a two-year suspension , he was banned in 1993 for testing positive again - and this time it was for life .	English rugby coach Dean Richards banned for role in "  bloodgate " Coach asked player to use fake blood to feign injury in order to be replaced Richards is not the first sports person to break the rules in order to win Sound Off : Do you agree with CNN 's list of sport 's most notorious rulebreakers ?
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and visiting German Chancellor Angela Merkel acknowledged Friday that differences remain between their governments on surveillance programs in the aftermath of disclosures by classified leaker Edward Snowden . Obama told reporters at a joint news conference at the White House that "  we 're not perfectly aligned , " noting the United States has no "  blanket no-spy agreement " with any country , including close allies . Merkel later told business leaders that a balance must be struck between technical capability , security needs and privacy . "  In a nutshell , an end never justifies the means and not everything that 's technically feasible ought to be done , " she said . Germany and other friendly countries complained when Snowden 's disclosures last year revealed U.S. surveillance of foreign leaders as well as screening of foreign phone calls and Internet contacts in investigating terrorist ties . The Obama administration responded that all countries conduct surveillance on each other , but the President also has ordered changes in U.S. programs . Obama said Friday that "  it has pained me to see the degree to which " the Snowden disclosures have strained the relationship with Germany , a key ally . The issue ignited public anger in Europe , including Germany , and Merkel said talks with U.S. officials so far failed to bring agreement . "  Over the past few months , we 've seen considerable differences of opinion and of interest between Germany and the United States over this issue , and I do think that we will not have fully overcome this , even after my visit , " she said . CNN ` sTom Cohen and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	NEW : Just because we can spy does n't mean we should , Chancellor Merkel says Edward Snowden leaks are part of U.S.-German discussions in Washington President Obama laments strained relations with Germany over U.S. surveillance Merkel says more talks are needed to find a balance between security and privacy
Kyrgyzstan  CNN  -- Headless goats . Soaring eagles . Men trying to drag each other off of horses . These were just some of the highlights of last week 's first-ever World Nomad Games , held near the shores of Lake Issyk-Kul in Cholpon-Ata City , Kyrgyzstan . About 400 athletes came from 19 countries -- mostly Central Asia , as well as Turkey , Mongolia and even Germany and the United States . The games were sponsored by the Kyrgyzstan government . A temporary camp with 150 yurts was set up in Kyrchyn Jailoo to host guests . In addition to traditional competitions such as wrestling and kok boru  in which two teams of horsemen try to push a headless goat carcass into a goal  , performances and folk games kept crowds active . An official at the opening ceremony rang in the games by declaring : "  All humans were originally nomads . " As nomadic peoples have become minorities in modern societies , the six-day games were organized to showcase vanishing traditions and culture . " -LSB- Nomadic sports -RSB- are in no way inferior in staginess and popularity -LSB- to -RSB- the modern Olympics , " says the games ' official website . "  Games give powerful impetus to rebirth ... original national sports , spiritual self-awareness and historical memory of nomad nations of the world . " Photographer Jonny Duncan has been backpacking since 1997 . He blogs on his own Backpackingman website .	The first World Nomad Games were held in Kyrgyzstan last week The six-day games showcased vanishing traditions and culture A temporary camp with 150 yurts was set up to host guests Kyrgyzstan dominated the games
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan took a pragmatic approach to the issue of late-term abortion when working as a top lawyer in the Clinton White House , documents released Friday show . The material was part of more than 46,000 pages released by the William J. Clinton Presidential Library . Kagan was a top lawyer in the administration 's Office of Domestic Policy . At issue at the time was a bill in the Republican-controlled Congress that would ban a type of abortion performed in the second trimester . Critics of the procedure called it "  partial-birth " abortion . In a February 27 , 1997 memo to top White House staff , Kagan notes a leading abortion rights supporter had just admitted late-term abortions were being "  performed more frequently than pro-choice groups have acknowledged , and often perfonned -LSB- sic - performed -RSB- on healthy women with healthy fetuses , " repeating a claim conservatives at the time had long made . Kagan advises "  it would be a great mistake to challenge " the statements of Ron Fitzsimmons , then executive director of the National Coalition of Abortion Providers . Nonetheless , Kagan said the controversy did not undermine the president 's stated position that he would support the GOP bill with some exceptions . "  The president 's position today remains what it has always been , " wrote Kagan , "  that he will sign a bill banning partial-birth abortions , but only if it has an exception that will protect those women -- even if few in number -- who need this procedure to save their lives or prevent serious harm to their health . " The Supreme Court three years ago affirmed a similar federal ban on the procedure , passed by Congress in 2003 . That bill did not include a "  health exception . " Kagan in her memos at the time repeatedly used the term "  partial-birth " favored by anti-abortion groups and one which abortion-rights activists had tried to replace , believing it was inaccurate and inflammatory . The documents reveal another person heavily involved in the abortion issue : Rahm Emanuel , then a senior adviser in the Clinton White House . He is now President Obama 's chief of staff . Republican senators on the Judiciary Committee have sought a delay in Kagan 's confirmation hearings , scheduled for the week of June 28 , saying this latest batch of documents gives them little time to learn about her views on hot-button social and legal issues . Some 160,000 pages of documents are being reviewed from Kagan 's four-years in the Clinton White House from 1995-1999 , during which she also served as deputy associate counsel . Papers from her time in that position will be released in coming days . Kagan also was heavily involved in negotiations to clamp down on the tobacco industry . The White House and Congress had sought a compromise to enact tough marketing restrictions , especially those aimed at young people . Kagan appeared to view her role in the Domestic policy office as both a lawyer and political adviser , worrying that both Democrats and Republicans could back away from the legislation . In an April 1998 memo , she and her boss Bruce Reed told the president that "  we should not ask for more than we need to achieve our public health goals and in the process destroy any chance of industry acquiescence ... efforts to push the price too far would be counterproductive because tobacco-state Democrats will join with Republicans to derail a bill that goes as far as some in the public health community might like . " Both Reed and Kagan indirectly acknowledged such a middle-of-the road compromise approach would anger many members of the administration and liberal health reform advocates . Kagan , then 37 , also noted proposals from within the administration might go too far and later be declared unconstitutional by the federal courts . "  I 'm not sure I buy the argument " made by other White House officials that First Amendment free speech concerns would not become a barrier to passage of the bill , she noted in her own handwriting on one memo . It was part of a draft letter to a Republican senator and dealt with her view the tobacco industry should unilaterally promote voluntary advertising limits . "  We should enable the companies to agree on this , " wrote Kagan . Kagan was nominated in May by President Barack Obama to succeed the retiring Justice John Paul Stevens . Until she she stepped down last month , Kagan was the administration 's solicitor general , which argues federal government cases before the Supreme Court . She has no judicial experience , and conservative critics have been eagerly scanning her past record in government service and academia for clues on what kind of justice she may turn out be , if confirmed by the Senate . "  As we suspected , President Obama nominated a far left liberal who supports both abortion and ` gay marriage , ' " said Penny Nance , CEO of Concerned Women for America . "  Elena Kagan has also demonstrated her disdain for the unborn , the most vulnerable in our society . " On affirmative action , Kagan weighed in on a pending Supreme Court challenge by a white teacher in New Jersey who had been fired in favor of a black teacher , when both had equal seniority . The Bush administration in 1992 had filed suit in support of the white teacher , saying she had been a victim of discrimination on account of race , in violation of federal law . At the time , the Clinton administration had to decide whether to continue the legal challenge in federal courts . Then-Solicitor General Walter Dellinger noted the language of his legal brief to the justices "  is a sensitive one . " The administration decided to support the white teacher on narrow grounds , that in this case the school board failed to offer an adequate justification for the public employee 's dismissal . Kagan supported that view , but she and others in the Clinton White House also wanted to clarify that race-based decisions were sometimes justified in the name of diversity -- "  to mend  without ending  affirmative action . " "  I think this is exactly the right position , " wrote Kagan in the margins of the Solicitor General 's memo , "  as a legal matter , as a policy matter , and as a political matter . " She signed it "  Elena . "	46,000 pages released by William J. Clinton Library Kagan a top lawyer under Clinton GOP senators have sought hearing delay
CNN  -- A CNN team has been denied credentials to cover upcoming local elections in Venezuela . A CNN en Español correspondent and producer appeared Friday at the Ministry of Communications in Caracas , and an official told them their credentials were denied . When the crew asked for an explanation , the official said that "  they did n't understand why CNN needed to send an anchor to cover local elections when there are two correspondents accredited in Venezuela . " The CNN team , including reporter Fernando del Rincón , intended to travel to the state of Táchira , where the most violent protests erupted in February in the southwestern city of San Cristóbal . Opposition Mayor Daniel Ceballos was accused of civil rebellion and conspiracy after the government said he failed to stop violent protests in his city . He was jailed in March and given a 12-month sentence . The city of San Cristóbal has never had a pro-government mayor . San Diego Mayor Enzo Scarano was also jailed for 10 months after the government accused him of ignoring an order given by the Supreme Tribunal of Justice to stop the protests . The wives of both the mayors are running in the municipal elections Sunday . Ceballos ' wife has no political experience , while Scarano 's spouse is a city councilwoman . CNN has been reporting on the protests since February when the attempted rape of a young student on a San Cristóbal university campus galvanized students , who took to the streets to speak out against crime , shortages , blackouts and a dire economic situation . Students were jailed and , in solidarity , protests began in other cities . In the course of CNN 's coverage of the protests , del Rincón has been criticized by both President Nicolas Maduro and the president of the National Assembly , Diosdado Cabello . An investigative piece by CNN showed that Cabello lied about alleged weapons found at a retired general 's home . The picture that he used as evidence of the weaponry was of a gun shop in Wisconsin . Human Rights Watch voiced concern in February that Venezuela was censoring the news media and highlighted Maduro 's efforts to take CNN off the airwaves . Clashes between anti-government protesters and security forces have left more than 40 people dead and around 800 injured since February , according to officials . Maduro has said protesters are "  fascists and extreme right thugs " who are trying to destabilize the government to promote a coup . Protesters call Maduro a dictator who has ruined the Venezuelan economy with failed socialist policies .	CNN 's Fernando del Rincón and his producer are denied accreditation in Venezuela The CNN team intended to cover municipal elections in San Cristóbal , scene of protests CNN has been criticized by Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro for its coverage Students first took to the streets to protest in San Cristóbal in February
GREENSBURG , Kansas  CNN  -- There are still piles of bricks and rubble on countless streets in Greensburg , Kansas , a year after a tornado demolished more than 90 percent of the town . On May 4 , 2007 , a ferocious twister blasted Greensburg , Kansas , killing 11 people in the town of 1,400 . Yet what is happening in the city 's rebuilding process may not only re-invent Greensburg but provide a model for "  green " building everywhere . Just a week after the deadly tornado hit May 4 , 2007 , a similar idea sparked in the mayor , a representative from the governor 's office and a nonprofit expert from a nearby town . The concept : If the whole town had to be rebuilt anyway , why not be bold and build it as a global example of conservation , energy efficiency and creativity ? Daniel Wallach , the nonprofit specialist , soon got the green light to help residents and businesses start over in a project known as Greensburg GreenTown . "  Kansas is known for being very conservative , " Wallach said . Watch how the town went green " "  My first order of business was to listen . What I heard were a lot of concerns about politicization and being associated with ` tree huggers . ' I helped frame it with the people here in such a way they saw , this is their movement , " he said . Fifth-generation Greensburg resident Anita Hohl joined the staff of Greensburg GreenTown as a Web specialist . "  I was pretty green to begin with . I used to get teased about being a tree hugger . Now it 's ` the thing ! ' This has really brought us so much closer together . What you can accomplish when just a few people are working toward the same goal is amazing , " she said . Her farming grandparents instilled the virtue of being energy-efficient . "  My grandma always put her clothes on the line , did her own gardening and re-used everything , " Hohl said . Hohl and her husband , a daughter , a son , four cats , a dog and two birds are among the Greensburg residents in "  FEMAville , " a cluster of mobile homes set up as temporary housing . The family hopes to break ground soon for their new house and move in by Thanksgiving . Although they have made the best of the cramped quarters , she says , there are some challenges . "  It sort of feels like living in a cheap motel ! But it 's a lot better than it could be . It 's nice to have a place to be , " she said . From the start , the GreenTown staff knew that getting the business community on board with the green plan was vital . And in rural America , there is no business that 's more of a bedrock than the John Deere dealership . In Greensburg , that dealership has been in the Estes family for four generations . Their facility was wiped out by the twister . "  The building was a total loss . And we saved only 13 pieces of machinery out of 220 on the lot , " Kelly Estes said . "  The FEMA guy said he had never seen anything like it . Steel twisted into brick , and then the miles per hour needed to pick up combines that weigh 25,000 pounds and move them half a mile in the air , " he said . Kelly and his brother Mike decided to rebuild in town to the highest green-building standard . The U.S. Green Building Council establishes a rating system for efficient buildings called LEED , or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design . The Greensburg facility is aiming for LEED platinum , the most demanding standard . There is one wind turbine on their new property , a 100-foot structure designed to generate 5 kilowatts of electricity . It is providing power for the construction site . Although "  green " may be viewed as trendy and new by some , Mike Estes knows that it is not for show . "  We 're looking at saving money here ; truthfully , we are . We 're running a business . If we ca n't make this make sense , why would we do it ? " he asked . And he says the non-political approach of the city in encouraging energy efficiency has helped . "  I do n't think it 's red or blue to be green ; I think green is green , and green makes sense . And green saves you green ! " he said with a laugh . Being a model for the world in energy efficiency is a major goal of Greensburg GreenTown . But there is another even more urgent aim : keeping this rural town from disappearing . The lack of jobs in many small towns means that after teenagers graduate from high school , they have to leave to find other opportunities . "  The average age of people living in rural communities is in their 50s , " Wallach said . "  There are very few folks in the communities under that age , because there are just no jobs . Families have been split up for decades . " So in addition to the long-term goal of Greensburg 's pre-tornado businesses from leaving , people hope to attract new green trade as well . The city wants to open a biodiesel facility as one of its first green newcomers . Another long-term goal is to have 100 percent renewable energy . It is probable that the greatest contribution would come from large wind turbines . "  The timing of all this is , in some ways , almost spooky , " Wallach said . "  It 's like the world was ready for this to happen , for a town to be completely re-imagined . The tragedy was terrible . But the folks here know that it also provided an incredible opportunity . " E-mail to a friend	Greensburg rebuilds "  green " after tornado demolished 90 percent of the town Long-term goal is to have 100 percent renewable energy The city hopes to open a biodiesel facility as one of its first green newcomers Nonprofit expert says terrible tragedy "  also provided an incredible opportunity "
Jerusalem  CNN  An adult and two minors have been indicted in what Israeli authorities say was the revenge killing of a Palestinian teen -- a death that helped stoke tensions between Israelis and Palestinians this month -- an Israeli district attorney said Thursday . Israeli authorities say the three abducted , beat and burned Mohammed Abu Khdeir , 16 , "  only because he was an Arab , " the Jerusalem district attorney said . Abu Khdeir 's body was found in a Jerusalem forest on the morning of July 2 . Prosecutors allege the killing was retaliation for the deaths of three Israeli teens whose bodies were found in the West Bank in late June . "  The indictment  that was  filed elaborates on a serious and shocking racist act carried out against  an  innocent boy , " the attorney general 's office said . The suspects are a 29-year-old man from the West Bank settlement of Adam and two of his 16-year-old relatives -- one from Jerusalem and the other from Beit Shemesh , Israel , prosecutors said . Abu Khdeir was heading from his home to a mosque in the middle-class neighborhood of Shuafat in East Jerusalem for prayers around 4 a.m. on July 2 when three people forced him into a car and drove off , his father , Hussain Abu Khdeir , told CNN . Prosecutors say the three defendants strangled and beat Abu Khdeir . Then , while he was unconscious , they burned him to death , prosecutors say . News of the boy 's death led to several clashes in Jerusalem 's Palestinian neighborhoods , the biggest of which was centered in Shuafat . Residents there threw stones at security forces , and Israeli authorities responded with occasional volleys of stun grenades and tear gas . During one of those clashes on July 3 , Abu Khdeir 's American cousin , Tariq Abu Khdeir , 15 , was beaten by Israeli police . Amateur video showed Israeli police officers holding down , punching and kicking Abu Khdeir , a Florida resident who was visiting relatives . The 15-year-old and his family have said he did nothing wrong , and he returned to Florida this week after a brief home detention . Israeli authorities say they have suspended a police officer accused of beating him . The death of the Palestinian teen , Abu Khdeir , came less than a month after three Israeli teens -- Eyal Yifrach , 19 ; Gilad Shaar , 16 ; and Naftali Frankel , a 16-year-old dual U.S.-Israeli citizen -- were abducted while hitchhiking home from school in the West Bank . They were found dead on June 30 . The Israeli government blamed the Islamic militant group Hamas , which praised the abductions but denied it was responsible . Israel responded in part by arresting Hamas activists . Militants in Gaza , the Palestinian territory that Hamas controls , stepped up rocket fire into Israel , and Israel responded with airstrikes . Starting roughly on July 7 , Israel started an intense anti-Hamas airstrike operation in Gaza . At least 230 Palestinians have been killed and close to 1,700 have been injured since the operation began , according to Palestinian health officials . The rocket fire from Gaza has killed one man in Israel . Defendants accused of other crimes against Arabs Two people indicted in Abu Khdeir 's death -- the man and one of the minors -- also are accused of trying to commit crimes against Arabs in the East Jerusalem area on July 1 , including trying to kidnap a 7-year-old and trying to burn cars , the Jerusalem attorney general 's office said . As in the Abu Khdeir case , revenge was the motive , prosecutors said . They hurt both the child and his mother , prosecutors alleged without elaborating . Earlier , on June 15 , the same two burned a shop in the Palestinian village of Hizma near Jerusalem because the man was angry with someone there , prosecutors said . CNN 's Tal Heinrich reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta .	Prosecutors : Adult , two minors retaliated for June deaths of three Israeli teens Mohammed Abu Khdeir , 16 , was killed "  only because he was an Arab , " prosecutors say Abu Khdeir was beaten and set on fire , authorities say
London , England  CNN  -- Her outfits do n't send royal fashion watchers into a frenzy like those of the Duchess of Cambridge or Princess Diana before her , but Queen Elizabeth II has developed a signature style that has withstood the test of time . Her attire over the last 60 years has reflected the sovereign as a British symbol of refined , regal elegance . The looks she has worn have steadily evolved into her trademark -- monochromatic color with matching coat and hat . Not one to wear sombre , muted hues like black or beige , the queen has always had a preference for vivid blues , intense greens and dazzling purples in a variety of dramatic shades . Over the past six decades , Her Majesty has employed the talents of several British designers . One of her first designers was Norman Hartnell , who worked for her in the 1940s and created many of the full-skirted evening silk dresses she wore to various events as a glamorous young princess . As a newly crowned queen in the early 1950s , she chose Savile Row tailor Hardy Amies to create elegant evening gowns for her waspish 23-inch  58cm  waist . He was granted the coveted Royal Warrant in 1955 . Amies once famously declared : "  I do not dress the queen . The queen dresses herself . We supply her with her clothes -- there is a difference . " Two decades later the queen chose a young designer , Ian Thomas , to soften her look with "  flowing chiffon dresses , " according to the British Monarchy website . Couture designer Karl-Ludwig Rehse started making outfits for Her Majesty in 1988 and the queen still wears his designs . He also dressed the late Queen Mother and describes the queen 's clothes as a work uniform . He told CNN : "  They have to be comfortable in as much as when the queen puts on the clothes she wants to forget about them . "  You have to take into account the different countries and the different climates in which they 'll be worn . The queen always makes sure that she follows the tradition . " While most people would be hard pressed to imagine what they will be wearing the next day , the queen 's wardrobe is planned out months in advance , says Rehse . "  It 's not the case that the queen is going somewhere next week and thinks ` What am I going to wear ? ' Sometimes it is six months , 12 months or longer . " See a map of Royal London A very VIP patron One person who is currently in the queen 's fashion inner circle is couturier and wedding dress designer Stewart Parvin . He first started making royal outfits in 2000 and recalls the secretive selection process that took place before he started working for the queen . "  At first I was n't told who it was for , " Parvin told CNN . "  It was , ` Could you design for someone who is a really prominent person in the public eye and wants a very chic image ? ' I thought it was going to be a politician or a tycoon 's wife . I put together a packet of sketches but it was n't until they were chosen I knew who they were for . " "  She is someone who is very interested in her clothes . She always has an opinion on it and she has a very informed opinion and she knows when it 's right and she knows when it 's wrong , " said Parvin , who designs two couture collections a year and was in 2007 awarded the Royal Warrant -- given to designers who have worked with the queen for five years or more . An ensemble fit for a queen Both Parvin and Rehse told CNN the queen is very involved in the design process , culminating with fittings at Buckingham Palace . "  Sometimes I choose the fabric and then propose ideas for them , as I would do for any client , " said Parvin . "  I put together a scheme , maybe four designs for one fabric combination , then she would look at them and either choose a design straight away or suggest some changes . " Rehse says the queen asks him to come up with two or three different alternatives for a particular fabric she likes before settling on a final design . "  I do get a lot of input from the queen , " said Rehse . "  The pressure is there but I take great joy out of it and it 's very rewarding to see Her Majesty wearing my clothes in public . " In addition to warrant-holding royal designers , Her Majesty also has a senior dresser and personal assistant , Angela Kelly . The daughter of a Liverpool dockworker , dressmaker Kelly originally joined the royal household as a maid before working her way up to her current position . She established the first ever in-house couturier and has gone on to design outfits for some of the most enviable royal events including last year 's wedding of Prince William to Kate Middleton . Known to have a close relationship with the queen , it has been noted by some royal observers that Kelly has slipped into the vacancies left by the deaths of the queen 's sister and mother . Kelly and her team use old and new fabrics when designing for the queen using material given to her from when she was a princess , according to the Buckingham Palace website . Hats off to Her Majesty ! Milliner Philip Somerville received a royal warrant following 12 years working for the queen . Now , when the queen steps out she 's usually wearing a Somerville creation . "  You have to realize that you are never sure when Her Majesty will wear  a particular hat  , " he said . "  It depends on the weather on many occasions . You are also creating something that has to be very wearable and must be in colors that suit her . She must be noticed in a crowd . " After 33 years in the business , Somerville stepped down as the queen 's hatter handing the business over to Dillon Wallwork . "  I 've been here for some time now and we 've always had a Philip Somerville look which is very clean , understated and elegant , " said Wallwork . Creating a hat fit for a queen is not without its pressures , Wallwork says . "  You know you are under a certain pressure because of the press and what people are going to say , " he said . "  You know she is going to be looked at . There are certain styles that you can and ca n't do but within those limits there 's lots that you can do . It 's quite a challenge but the queen can be quite adventurous . "	Famed for her unique hats and bold colors , the queen has a trademark fashion style For years her clothes were made by British designer Hardy Amies , now couturier Stewart Parvin makes her eye-catching outfits Designers are given royal warrants to become dressers to the queen and it is no easy feat getting one
Consumers today have more power than ever before . The large and diverse selection of media available on newsstands means that customers know what they should be getting , and if they are n't satisfied with the service there 's a host of Web sites and forums on which they can let everyone know . Marriott 's TownePlace suite In response , organizations are seeking ever more innovative ways of understanding their customers ' needs , and are even turning to anthropologists and sociologists to help them . "  Whereas before a lot of services were designed from the inside out , now , because consumers are so much more empowered , they are having to think about designing from the outside in , " says Fran Samalionis , global practice leader for service design and innovation at IDEO . "  They have to think much more about the customer experience and then figure out how to make sense of that for the business . " IDEO , a global design firm , is already well-known for designing the first mouse , for Apple , and the first notebook computer , for GriD , but the company is also causing a stir with its innovative approach to design conception , where the wishes and observations of the consumer hold powerful sway . While it employs what one would call "  conventional " designers , IDEO also uses what it terms a "  human factor " team -- people trained in anthropology , sociology and political sciences -- who shadow consumers , observe their everyday habits and relationship with a product , and even give them cameras to record photo journals , in a bid to understand what is really needed for a product to push through the barrier and provide true satisfaction for its customer base . A case in point is Marriott 's TownePlace Suites . The hotel chain approached IDEO for ideas about how to launch an extended-stay brand . IDEO followed guests and employees around , monitoring their habits and probing them with questions about every aspect of their experience at Marriott 's hotels . Their conversations taught them that extended-stay guests were mainly on the road because of work commitments ; they were away from home through necessity rather than choice and therefore wanted an experience from a hotel that was closer to what they were accustomed to at home -- a "  home from home . " IDEO recommended that Marriott install a "  map wall " in the lobby , with recommendations from fellow guests , such as where to find the best coffee shop or restaurant and where to go jogging in the local area . But they also found that while guests were looking for familiar home comforts , they were also there to work . With that in mind , they drew up prototypes for guest rooms that more closely resemble live/work areas , with an office incorporated into the layout of the bedroom . Market research is not a new concept . Organizations have been bringing their potential customers together for decades to understand what they want from their services . But Samalionis argues that it is by sending its cohorts into the field to observe customers in their natural environments that IDEO gains the real insights and results . She says that while some customers might struggle to articulate their needs -- or even fully comprehend what they are looking for in the first place -- simply by looking at their daily routines IDEO 's researchers can gain significant understanding of what can be done to improve customers ' relationships with a particular product or service . Such was the case when IDEO worked with Bank of America to develop a new credit card . The card was targeted at young mothers and IDEO 's observation team set about following a selection of moms around as they went about their daily business : taking their children to school , shopping , even balancing their checkbooks . They discovered that many people round up their transactions to the nearest whole number for speed and convenience . At the same time , many of the moms were struggling with the discipline of saving , even though they wanted to . The solution IDEO came up with was to introduce a credit card , "  Keep The Change , " which would instantly transfer the amount customers would usually round up into a separate savings account . Samalionis argues that this is an excellent example of where in-field research ultimately inspired an idea that could be transposed to a real-world scheme . "  Just by being able to be with them , empathize with them and observe them you get to see the stuff they ca n't tell you , " she explains . "  We saw all these habits about putting pennies in jars and rounding things up in checkbooks . If you had asked somebody , they would say they just wanted to save money . " All this could be interpreted as just a glossy way of rehashing a construct that has already existed within marketing and design for years -- the market research questionnaire . But Samalionis argues that the human-centered approach is just one cog in their approach to problem-solving ; trained designers , engineers , business heads and the client must also have their input . "  It 's not enough going out into the world and coming up with a point of view about that world , " she says . "  You need to make those insights actionable . Really , the magic dust in the process is in synthesizing all those perspectives into something that can help you generate amazing ideas . " Ultimately , the effectiveness of an approach can be best measured by its financial returns . Bank of America 's "  Keep The Change " credit card scheme generated 2.5 million new , and presumably happy , customers . This willingness by designers to open themselves up to public consultation is becoming increasingly popular . In England , Bath 's Theatre Royal took opinions into consideration from a panel of local schoolchildren when designing their new children 's theatre , The Egg . A panel of nine - to eighteen-year-olds even had a say in the choice of architect and the menu for the cafe . Innovations derived from the consultation include knee-high glass panels on the doors so that smaller theater-goers can see where they are going and a sound-proofed room so that parents with crying babies can sit and watch the show without disturbing the rest of the audience . In Italy , car maker Fiat opened itself up for suggestions from the public during the design of its relaunched Fiat 500 . Under the project title "  500 Wants You , " the hitherto inward-looking manufacturer invited ordinary people to submit ideas for designs on its Web site . IDEO , and other design firms like it , are changing the way large organizations interact with their customers . They are learning about new ways to keep consumers satisfied , and boosting their bank balances in the process . But in the end it 's the consumer who is profiting the most from this new approach .	Designers now put the consumer , not function , at the heart of new products Global firm IDEO studies customer behavior to influence designs Hotel chain Marriott devised "  home-from-home " suites for extended-stay guests "  Keep The Change " credit card rounds up transactions , puts the pennies in savings
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A public memorial service for heavy metal rocker Ronnie James Dio is planned for Sunday , with members of the Westboro Baptist Church saying they will picket the ceremony . The church in Topeka , Kansas , is known for its intolerance of gays and its picketing of soldiers ' funerals . A picketing schedule on the church 's website said protesters will be at the Dio memorial at Forest Lawn Hollywood Hills in Los Angeles , accusing the 67-year-old rocker of worshipping Satan . Dio died on May 16 after a battle with stomach cancer . Charges of devil-worshipping have often been leveled against heavy metal music . Dio , in particular , was a favorite target . He popularized the "  devil 's horn " gesture , where the index and the little fingers are upright and the thumb is clasped against the two middle fingers . He has said he was taught by the sign by his superstitious Italian grandmother as a way to ward off the "  evil eye . " But many fundamentalist Christians have taken issue with the gesture , alleging that it is a tribute to the devil . "  Ronnie hates prejudice and violence . We need to turn the other cheek on these people that only know how to hate someone they did n't know , " said Dio 's wife , Wendy , about the planned protest . Wendy Dio said the memorial will host a donation center for her husband 's "  Stand Up and Shout Cancer Fund , " named after one his songs . Dio most recently was touring with Heaven and Hell , a version of Black Sabbath renamed for legal reasons . All shows were canceled last March because of his illness . His last public appearance was in April at the Revolver Golden Gods Awards , when he accepted a vocalist of the year award for his work on last year 's Heaven and Hell album . Dio appeared frail , but he spoke while accepting his award . Born Ronald James Padavona in 1942 , Dio 's professional music career began as a high school student in the late 1950s . His 1960s rock group The Electric Elves evolved into Elf by the early 1970s , when the group played heavy blues rock . Dio 's rock became darker with his band Rainbow , which he left in 1979 to join Black Sabbath . Black Sabbath released three albums with Dio , including "  Heaven and Hell " in 1980 , "  Mob Rules " in 1981 and "  Live Evil " in 1982 . Dio left that band in 1982 , but he had a brief reunion with the group a decade later . He formed the group Dio in 1982 and later Heaven and Hell .	Church says it will picket singer Dio 's memorial service Public service will host donation center to raise money for cancer fund Rocker died on May 16 after battle with stomach cancer Dio fronted Rainbow and Black Sabbath
CNN  Harley Earl taught Detroit how to get its Hollywood swing on . He 's credited for single-handedly igniting an automobile renaissance . His legacy has been compared to Leonardo da Vinci and even Steve Jobs . I mean , this guy created the Corvette , for God 's sake . So , with a resume like that , why is n't Harley Earl a household name ? It 's not like Earl was a slacker . He came to Detroit from Hollywood , where he was designing cars for movie stars . As General Motors ' top designer , Earl created iconic cars with unique , sweeping lines and features like tail fins and wraparound windshields . "  It 's uncanny how he embodied the words ` pioneer ' and ` trailblazer , ' " Earl 's grandson Richard Earl said on the phone last week from his home in West Palm Beach , Florida . "  Harley Earl was the first car designer to allow regular folks to get their hands on a work of art . He allowed you to step into the equivalent of a Rembrandt , drive it away and then show it off . " During his heyday spanning the 1930s to the late '50s , Earl created innovations that were decades ahead of their time : - Rear backup cameras connected to dashboard video - An automated driving system - Collision warning alarms - Cruise control - Keyless entry - Onboard computers - Rain-sensing technology Earl was the first , say experts , to meld car style with functionality -- kind of like what Apple 's Steve Jobs did with personal computers . Related story : World 's ` crazy beautiful cars ' Jobs and Earl executed their unique vision in similar ways . The Apple chief had a reputation for being demanding . So did Earl . Standing at 6 feet , 4 inches tall , "  Earl was very authoritative , he absolutely got his way , " said award-winning automobile journalist Ken Gross . "  He got his own way because he had the taste , the intelligence and the vision to force it . " Like Jobs , Earl "  offered products we did n't know about until they were unveiled , " wrote ZDNet 's Oliver Marks . "  Some of these innovations turned into products Americans wanted so badly they then could n't live without , a format Apple has used with devastating effectiveness . ... " Yep , Jobs called those heart-pounding product unveilings "  keynotes . " In the 1950s , Earl called them Motoramas . Motoramas were GM 's annual traveling car shows where new designs were unveiled . Eventually , "  people aspired to have the latest , the most exciting , the most stylistic " cars every year , said Gross . That spurred sales , created jobs and helped turn automobiles into the lifeblood of America 's economy . Death in the family All this innovation and success came in the wake of a family tragedy . In 1927 , Harley and Sue Earl 's 2-year-old son Billy died suddenly after a botched medical procedure . "  To deal with it , he thew himself into his work , " Richard Earl said . "  It left him a little terrified of being a father . " Harley Earl developed a reputation as an imposing workaholic who ruled his design studio "  with an iron hand , demanding minute changes , ordering countless modifications , " according to Gross . His drive to execute his vision turned Harley Earl into a car industry disruptor , 70 years before disruptors became cool . GM 's competitors did n't want to redesign their cars every year . But Harley Earl 's success forced them to . His unconventional ideas -- and even his flamboyant pastel suits -- shoved the car-making establishment back on its heels . Here was "  this stylish , dominating , supercreative guy amidst the gray suits and the finance folks , " said Gross . "  I 'm sure during lunches at the Detroit Athletic Club there were people who were annoyed by Earl -- saying kind of , ` Who is this guy ? ' " Earl also wanted to put a finger in the eye of European car-makers who dominated the sports car market at the time . That 's kind of how the Corvette was born . By the early 1950s , Harley Earl was tired of seeing European roadsters on America 's highways . As Richard Earl put it : "  Harley was like , ` No more ! ' " It was high time for the Europeans to meet a worthy American competitor . "  Harley and a board-man and a body engineer sat around and came up with the idea for the Corvette in a darkened room in Detroit 's historic Argonaut Building , " Richard Earl said . "  It was Harley 's vision pure and simple -- a lot of people forget that Harley was not only an artist , he was an engineer . " Today , 62 years after its debut , GM describes the Corvette as , the "  world 's longest-running , continuously produced passenger car . " Experts call it the most collected car in America . Related : Rocket-powered ` Vette ` Vettes have held a treasured place in Richard Earl 's heart since age eight . That 's when a simple gesture from his grandfather forged a memory he will never forget . To celebrate young Richard 's birthday , Harley Earl made plans to take him on a spin in one of his custom Corvettes , a 1963 Sting Ray convertible painted a stunning bright blue and outfitted with spectacular chrome side-pipes . The car 's top was off when Harley Earl pulled into the driveway wearing his aviator shades . Richard hopped in . "  You ready to roll ? " grandfather asked . "  I felt like I 'd been touched by the automobile gods , " Earl recalled with a chuckle . "  He was kind of like a movie star , with a kind of presence about him . " Off they went on a sports car adventure , cruising through the ritzy avenues of Palm Beach turning heads at every corner . "  Nobody had a car like this , " Earl recalled . "  People noticed . " "  I remember him stepping on the accelerator , " Earl said . "  I remember the roar of the engine . I remember the smile that spread across my face when he 'd go fast ... and slow down ... and go through an S turn . It 's a feeling I only had once in my lifetime . And it was a great feeling . " Related : Corvette Z06 among world 's fastest cars An army of Harley Earls Decades later , Richard Earl is on a crusade to invigorate his grandfather 's legacy and to spark a car design revolution . So many car designs today all look the same , Earl complains . He wonders if 21st century automakers have forgotten that innovative designs can boost car sales . "  I want to inspire an army of new Harley Earls across the planet , " he said . Gross admits that "  some people think of their cars more like appliances , " instead of appreciating them as functional art . But Harley Earl never had to include all of today 's safety and environmental factors in his designs . Nonetheless , Gross said there are plenty of stylish designs coming off modern assembly lines . He named Cadillac , Mercedes-Benz and even BMW , despite its much-dissed "  Bangle-Butt . " So why IS N'T Harley Earl a household name ? Should he be ? "  For a lot of people who are n't enthusiasts , it 's not particularly important who designed the car , " Gross said . "  I do n't know that anyone is going to erect a statue to Harley Earl , but I think it 's important that he 's remembered . There really is n't anybody today in the design industry that has the impact and the clout , the presence and the profile that Harley Earl had in his day . ... But Harley had a unique set of circumstances . He was The Man . " Future product designers could take a few lessons from Earl , said Gross , including having "  the courage of their convictions " and being "  confident in their creativity . " Full circle In 2007 , Harley Earl paid a visit to his grandson . Well , sort of . Richard Earl reunited with his late grandfather 's 1963 blue Sting Ray at a car show , where he got a chance to relive that birthday cruise . As Richard steered the roadster through its paces , his mind returned to that day , exactly 40 years earlier . "  The story had come full circle , " Richard said . He remembered his grandfather 's rare demonstrations of affection as they exited the car -- tousling Richard 's hair , then , a warm embrace . "  I think he really was trying to be a good grandfather , " Earl said . "  Maybe that was n't the easiest thing for him most of his life , because he had worked so hard . But we had a moment -- it was one of those moments you treasure . "	Experts say we can take a lesson from legendary car designer Harley Earl Corvette creator Earl shared management traits with Apple chief Steve Jobs Harley Earl was a Detroit "  disruptor , " 70 years before disruptors got cool
SARATOGA SPRINGS , New York  CNN  -- Two years ago , Dawn Warfield was drowning in debt . Dawn Warfield sold one of her two video stores to help reduce her debts . The average American household has $ 8,329 in credit card debt , according to the Nilson Report , a credit industry newsletter . Warfield had nearly 10 times that amount . At its worst point , her debt totalled nearly $ 80,000 . She had 17 credit cards and admits that living beyond her means was part of the problem . "  I 'll own up to that , " she said . "  There is always unforeseen expenses , and when you are making the minimum payments on these credit cards , when you think you ca n't afford to make more than that , they do n't go down . " But Warfield 's spending was not the only factor working against her . Watch Warfield describe how the debt piled up , and how she started paying it off " She was in the middle of an expensive divorce and had been charging business expenses to her personal credit cards when she opened a second location of her video store . "  Every month I was writing out 17 checks , " she said . "  And the interest rates ranged from like 6 percent to 33 percent . So it was impossible . "  I was transferring balances from one card to another , and every time I got a card to a decent interest rate , I felt like one of the cards would come off the promotional interest rate , and I was just never catching up . " So Warfield took matters into her own hands . She sold the second location of her video store , stopped using her credit cards and decided it was time to get help . "  I sat down one day and I called each credit card one by one , and I asked each one to work with me ... to lower my interest rate . " The credit card companies did not respond to her plea . Instead , she was directed to the debt management program of the nonprofit Consumer Credit Counseling Service , part of Money Management International . Counselor Eric Jackson helped Warfield analyze her bills and expenses and created a plan to help her get lower interest rates . Now she makes a single monthly payment . "  I do n't even have to think about it , which makes it a lot easier for me , because when you have a lot of debt , it 's not just financial , but it 's emotional , you know , even physical , " Warfield said . "  You think about it all the time . " Adds Jackson : "  She 's making her payments on time , they 're posting to her creditor accounts , she has very low interest rates -- that was one of the benefits -- and she 's definitely doing well . "  She is on track to get all her debts paid off in full within the five years . " Today , Warfield is less than $ 40,000 in debt . "  I 'm about halfway , " she said . "  It has n't been easy , but we 're getting there . " Are you fighting the recession , using innovative techniques to stay ahead in this economy or overcoming financial adversity ? Share your story with us by sending an e-mail to realstories@cnnmoney.com , and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN .	Two years ago , Dawn Warfield had $ 80,000 in debt on 17 credit cards The video store owner was facing a divorce and expanding her business She also admits that living beyond her means was part of the problem Nonprofit counseling service is helping her get lower rates and pay off her debts
Washington  CNN  -- A Georgetown University student was charged on Friday with possessing ricin after admitting he made the poison in his campus dorm room , a court document showed . Daniel Harry Milzman , 19 , appeared in federal court , where a judge ordered him held pending a hearing next week . Milzman was arrested by the FBI and charged with possessing a biological toxin , according to an FBI affidavit . That submission said he learned how to make ricin on his iPhone and then bought ingredients at retail stores . Ricin is a deadly toxin derived from castor beans that has no known antidote . On Monday , Milzman allegedly showed a bag that he claimed to contain ricin to his dorm adviser , who notified school authorities . They in turn called police , the filing states . Preliminary lab tests confirmed the substance was ricin , it said . Milzman allegedly produced the substance a month earlier in his room , placed it in plastic bags sealed with hockey tape and stored it in his room , according to the document . The amount produced possibly could have been enough to kill someone had it been inhaled or injected , the affidavit said . Milzman is due back in court on Tuesday His attorney , Danny Onorato , declined comment when contacted by CNN on Friday evening . Georgetown said in a statement on Wednesday that tests on McCarthy Hall for the presence of biological agents were negative , and there had been no reports of anyone being exposed to ricin . The university on Friday said the undergraduate student will not be permitted to return to campus at this time . "  The possession or manufacturing of illegal substances are issues we take very seriously and are violations of the university 's student code of conduct , " said media relations director Rachel Pugh in a statement . Mississippi man pleads guilty in ricin-laced letters case CNN 's Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	Student said he made ricin , FBI affidavit says Daniel H. Milzman , 19 , ordered held until next hearing Substance could have potentially killed had it been inhaled or injected , court document says Georgetown checks out dorm and campus is safe ; no one has reported exposure to ricin
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Anti-American sentiment in Arab nations may be at a historic high , but Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was the honorary recipient of more than a quarter of a million dollars in jewelry from an Arab leader over the past year . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice received gifts of jewelry , but federal law mandates they go to archives . Saudi Arabia topped the State Department 's annual inventory of gifts to top administration officials . In July King Abdullah presented Rice with a ruby and diamond necklace with matching earrings , bracelet and ring worth $ 165,000 . Earlier in the year , in January , the Saudi king presented Rice a $ 147,000 emerald and diamond necklace , bracelet and earrings set . The State Department originally reported that the emerald and diamond jewelry set came from Jordan 's King Abdullah , but the Jordanian government pointed out such a gift was never made by the Jordanian king . "  No such gift was given to Secretary Rice from HM King Abdullah II , " the Jordanian Embassy in Washington said in a statement . "  We believe this must have been a mistake on the part of the State Department . Gifts by HM King Abdullah II to U.S. officials are always symbolic and of little material value . " The State Department acknowledged and apologized for the error . "  Our records indicate that the King of Jordan did not give Secretary of State Rice the emerald and diamond and jewelry set  ring , bracelet , necklace and earrings  , " said Noel Clay , a State Department spokesman . "  She received this jewelry set from the King of Saudi Arabia , " he said . "  We regret this error and will correct and resubmit the federal register . The United States counts both Saudi Arabia and Jordan among its most important partners . " The gift list , prepared by the State Department 's Office of Protocol , itemizes all presents to top administration officials . The recipients do not keep them , as they are turned over to government archives in accordance with federal law , which prohibits officials from accepting personal gifts . President George W. Bush and first lady Laura Bush also were remembered by their Arab friends . The Saudi king gave the first lady an $ 85,000 sapphire and diamond jewelry set and a $ 10,000 piece of artwork made of gold , depicting a desert scene of Bedouins , camels and a tent . The first couple also received embroidered pillows with the names and pictures of the first dogs , Barney and Ms. Beazley . The pillows were given to Laura Bush by the wife of former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . The gifts range from the extravagant -- like the jewelry -- to the modest -- a $ 6 assortment of nuts and dried fruit given by the Dalai Lama to Laura Bush -- to the downright odd , like the Abs Exerciser given to President Bush by the prime minister of Singapore . Many of the gifts are related to the recipient 's post . Defense Secretary Robert Gates received an Arab knife valued at $ 3,200 from the Bahraini government . Despite Russia 's tensions with the United States over Georgia , U.S. Gen. Peter Pace , the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , received a machine gun from his Russian counterpart . The source of gifts to U.S. intelligence officials is classified , but CIA chief Michael Hayden raked in $ 8,000 in gifts , including a gold cow plaque , a silk rug and a strand of pearls .	NEW : State Department incorrectly said Jordan 's King Abdullah gave Rice jewelry Annual inventory lists gifts presented to administration officials Saudi Arabia 's king gave Condoleezza Rice a jewelry set worth $ 165,000 Officials can not keep gifts ; they are turned over to government archives
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor underwent surgery for the removal of a blood clot Friday night , a complication relating to her recent hip replacement surgery , her publicist said . Gabor was rushed to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles after her husband called an ambulance to their Bel Air , California home , spokesman John Blanchette said . Gabor , 93 , is expected to remain in the hospital for several days , Blanchette said , The actress had returned home on Wednesday , three weeks after undergoing surgery to replace a hip broken in a fall from her bed . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , said her husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge , " "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	Gabor 's blood clot was a complication from hip surgery The actress is expected to stay in the hospital for several days Gabor left the hospital just two days earlier She broke her hip in a fall from her bed in July
Paris  CNN  -- France is to open an office in North Korea in the coming days to build cultural ties and help with aid efforts , the French Foreign Ministry said Thursday . The creation of this office responds to "  a decision made by French authorities that takes into consideration identified cultural and humanitarian needs , " a statement from the minister of foreign affairs ' office said . The Office of French Cooperation in Pyongyang will be directed by diplomat and cultural cooperation expert Olivier Vaysset , the statement said . "  His goal will be to help the North Korean people , who are hit hard by many different kinds of restrictions , and to continue our cooperation activities in the domains of language , education and culture , " it said . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon met with Pak Gil Yon , vice foreign minister for North Korea , on Wednesday , his office said . The pair discussed food shortages and related humanitarian problems in the North Korea , particularly since recent floods , the statement said . Ban said more international aid was needed and urged North Korea to improve its cooperation with U.N. agencies to help that happen . He also urged continued dialogue on the issue of North Korea 's nuclear ambitions . CNN 's Winnie Andrews contributed to this report .	The office will help meet cultural and humanitarian needs , France says It will open in the coming days in Pyongyang , the French Foreign Ministry says
CNN  -- Five more people are being held in connection with the terrorist attack on the Westgate mall in Nairobi , Kenya , a senior Kenyan government official said Wednesday . The five are in addition to as many as 11 people taken into custody by Kenyan authorities shortly after the September 21 attack . They are scheduled to appear in court on Monday , according to the official , who could not be named due to the sensitivity of the case . Gunmen believed affiliated with the Somalian terror group Al-Shabab stormed the mall at the outset of a four-day standoff that left at least 67 people dead and parts of the center destroyed . Surveillance video obtained by CNN shows gunmen casually shooting some civilians . They reportedly also tortured some hostages , according to military doctors who saw evidence of severed hands and noses . Some hostages had been hanged , according to the doctors . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Five more held in connection with Westgate mall attack , senior Kenyan official says This is in addition to 11 others detained shortly after the September 21 attack The suspects are expected to appear in court Monday , the official says
CNN  -- In the past week , there has been a spate of news stories about the level of Mitt Romney 's involvement in Bain Capital in the years when he ran the organizing committee for the Salt Lake City Olympics . What is this controversy all about ? Romney contends that he ceased actively managing Bain in February 1999 when he joined the Olympics organization . As a candidate for president , he filed a Public Financial Disclosure Report with the federal Government Ethics Office stating that "  Mr. Romney retired from Bain Capital on February 11 , 1999 , to head the Salt Lake Organizing Committee . Since February 11 , 1999 , Mr. Romney has not had any active role with any Bain Capital entity and has not been involved in the operations of any Bain Capital entity in any way . " As we learned last week , documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission contradict this statement . Some of these documents were Schedule 13D reports , required to be filed pursuant to the Williams Act whenever any person or group acquires 5 % or more of the stock of any public company . The purpose of such reports is to notify the securities markets of a possible change in control of a public company . For example , a Schedule 13D for Odwalla Inc. , filed May 2 , 2000 , covers the acquisition of 32.7 % of the shares of Odwalla by Bain Capital Partners VI and related entities . Bain Capital Partners VI  BCI VI  was one of many investment vehicles managed by Bain Capital Inc.  BCI  . The Odwalla 13D Schedule represents that W. Mitt Romney is chief executive officer , president and managing director of BCI VI and his principal occupation is "  Managing Director of Bain Capital , Inc. " Similarly , a Schedule 13D for Stericycle Inc. , filed November 22 , 1999 , by various Bain Capital entities and Romney as an individual states that Romney is "  the sole shareholder , Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President of BCI , BCI VI Inc. , Brookside and Sankaty , Ltd. " Elsewhere in this document , Romney is described as "  sole stockholder , sole director , Chief Executive Officer , Managing Director , Chairman and President of BCI . " A proxy statement for 2000 filed by Stericycle several months later indicates that the Bain entities , together with Romney , owned more than 11 % of the shares of Stericycle and that Romney had the power to vote and dispose of these shares . At the next annual meeting , a Bain representative was nominated to the Stericycle board . The contradictory representations in the Government Ethics Office and SEC filings are at best evasive and at worst a violation of federal law . A federal statute -- 18 U.S.C. ยง 1001 -- provides that anyone who "  in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive , legislative , or judicial branch of the Government of the United States , knowingly and willfully --  1  falsifies , conceals , or covers up by any trick , scheme , or device a material fact ;  2  makes any materially false , fictitious , or fraudulent statement or representation " shall be fined or imprisoned . Violations of federal securities laws , including the making of false statements in a 13D filing , are independently punishable under the securities laws . Although prosecutions for false statements in 13D filings are not common , Michael Milken , the junk bond king , was prosecuted by Rudy Giuliani , and went to jail for aiding and abetting a false Schedule 13D filing by Ivan Boesky .  This was a plea bargain in a complex and controversial case , involving charges of numerous securities law violations . Romney is not now claiming his 13D filings were inaccurate or false , but he is claiming that although he was chief executive officer , managing director , chairman and president of Bain Capital , he was not really there , but in Utah managing the Winter Olympics . Nevertheless , he was earning more than $ 100,000 in salary from Bain . Since he will not release his income tax returns for 1999-2002 , we have no idea how high this salary really was . If Romney was not "  involved " in the operations of Bain Capital , why was he being paid ? As sole shareholder , why did he keep himself on as CEO ? Also , at least with respect to the Stericycle deal , he invested as an individual along with the Bain entities . Why is Romney 's story about his relationship to Bain and its investment activities at odds with the documents his firm filed ? Bain Capital is a private equity firm . It acts principally by forming investment partnerships such as Bain Capital Partners VI to buy and sell operating companies . When Bain was headed by Romney , it invested in numerous distressed companies and attempted to turn them around and then sell them at a profit . These deals were financed by highly leveraged junk bonds . Excessive leverage by investment banks and others led to the 2008 financial meltdown from which we have yet to recover , but many investors reaped large profits from these leveraged deals . Also , partners in private equity companies such as Bain were taxed at advantageous rates called "  carried interest . " We do not know how much money Romney made on Bain deals because he will not make full disclosure of his finances . Some portfolio companies were resold by Bain entities at a substantial profit ; others failed . That is the nature of private equity investment . Some of these companies were engaged in businesses or business practices that Romney now finds politically inconvenient , so he is attempting to absolve himself of responsibility for these deals . But the CEO , sole director and sole shareholder of an entity is legally responsible , and should be held accountable , for any wrongdoing or questionable activities of the company he heads . If Romney wants the American public to judge him by his business successes , we also need to judge him by his business failures and see the entire record of his financial dealings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roberta Karmel .	Mitt Romney says he ceased managing Bain Capital when he took over Olympics in 1999 Roberta Karmel says Romney signed SEC documents saying he was Bain CEO after 1999 She asks why did he continue in that role and why did he get a salary if he had left the job ? Failure to reveal finances means we do n't know how much he made on Bain deals , she says
CNN  Romance . Suspense . Good versus evil . On the surface , Rwandan radio soap opera "  Musekeweya , " or "  New Dawn , " feels familiar . Like a Rwandan "  Romeo and Juliet , " it tells the story of lovers from two different villages at odds with each other . But listen closely . Burrowed in the narrative of "  Musekeweya " is a metaphor for the genocide that took place in Rwanda over the course of 100 days in 1994 , when Hutu extremists massacred over 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus . "  Musekeweya " conveys a message of healing and reconciliation . Dutch photographer Anoek Steketee and filmmaker Eefje Blankevoort were in Rwanda in 2008 when they first heard "  Musekeweya . " "  We were intrigued by this radio soap , its background and its popularity in Rwanda , " Steketee said . "  Almost everyone we spoke to on the streets knows the program and can name at least five characters . " Launched in 2004 by Radio La Benevolencija , a Dutch nongovernmental organization , "  Musekeweya " is broadcast on the same frequency that was used in 1994 to incite murder . When they heard the show , Steketee and Blankevoort were immediately interested in its effect on Rwandan society . "  It shows people how to resist manipulation by charismatic leaders , how to prevent outbursts of group violence and how to deal with trauma , " Steketee said . The radio drama raised important questions for Steketee and Blankevoort , and they wanted to explore the way this fiction could contribute to real reconciliation . "  Is this positive programming simply a veneer in a country still grappling with deep trauma ? " Steketee asked . Steketee and Blankevoort began exploring this issue first through photography . The story , however , proved to be more complex . "  We came to the conclusion that we needed to provide a context , use the audio of the soap and find a form to tell a layered , nuanced story of the relation between the fictional story of the radio soap and the daily reality of contemporary Rwanda , " Steketee said . "  A Web documentary was for us the ultimate way to tell this story . " Steketee and Blankevoort 's documentary , "  Love Radio , " combines the story from "  Musekeweya " with behind-the-scenes insights from everyday Rwandans and people involved in the making of the radio drama . "  This is where we ask critical questions about the positive image portrayed and reveal what is not said on air , " Steketee said . "  Actors and audience have their say , thereby painting a picture of contemporary Rwanda . " Just as "  Musekeweya " balances between fact and fiction , Steketee 's photographs are not pure documentary . They serve , rather , as "  a tool for the imagination , " Steketee said . They are moody and evocative and reflect the struggle Rwandans face as they come to terms with the horror of two decades past . "  I photographed listeners in their homes , on the streets , during the broadcast of "  Musekeweya , ' " Steketee wrote in an e-mail . "  These photographs are combined with poetic , gloomy photographs of  guilty  landscapes and well-paved empty streets . I have tried to capture the veneer that covers the complex and tense social fabric of Rwanda today . " The popularity of "  Musekeweya " is evident in the amount of fan mail its makers receive each week . Listeners identify with the characters and have opinions about their actions . "  Rutaganira and Zaninka , stop spoiling Rwandan society , " one listener wrote . "  Enough is enough with your divisive thoughts . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Steketee says it is difficult to understand what Rwandans really feel because of an authoritarian political system . "  There is rather a climate of control than dialogue , " she said . "  Resentments and distrust persist . Inequality and hardships are still there . " Underneath the tension , however , lies the desire to heal . "  Rwanda is doing remarkably well , " Steketee said . "  There is a lot of goodwill from everybody to restore the community . There have been good examples of restoration of trust and reconciliation . " Anoek Steketee is a Dutch photographer . She is represented by gallery Gabriel Rolt .	"  Musekeweya , " or "  New Dawn , " is a popular soap opera in Rwanda The radio show conveys a message of reconciliation decades after genocide Dutch photographer Anoek Steketee explored the show 's effect on Rwandan society View high-resolution photos of Steketee 's "  Love Radio " project
CNN  -- Radamel Falcao fired four goals as Porto demolished Villarreal 5-1 on Thursday night to all-but ensure an all-Portuguese final in the Europa League . The Spanish club took the lead through Ruben Cani just before halftime after dominating the opening period , but had no answer in the second spell against the Portuguese champions . Colombia striker Falcao extended his competition-leading tally to 15 this season , matching German legend Jurgen Klinsmann 's record total in Europe 's second-tier competition , while Fredy Guarin scored the other goal . Porto , who won the tournament in 2003 when it was still known as the UEFA Cup , will face either Benfica or Braga in next month 's final in Dublin if they successfully negotiate the trip to El Madrigal . Benfica clinched a 2-1 victory at home , leaving the second semifinal evenly poised ahead of next week 's return leg in Braga . Is Mourinho student the new ` Special One ' ? Villarreal , fourth in Spain 's La Liga , had looked surprisingly comfortable away from home against a team that wrapped up the national league crown with five games to play -- and whose coach has everyone comparing him to his mentor Jose Mourinho . Andre Villas Boas could only look on as Ruben Cani headed Villarreal in front with a near-post effort from Nilmar 's cross as Porto 's defense was caught out again . But whatever the 33-year-old said at halftime , it did the trick as his team ran riot . Falcao equalized from the penalty spot three minutes after the break after being brought down by Diego Lopez , then just after an hour Fredy Guarin headed in a rebound after his first effort was pushed onto the post by the goalkeeper . Falcao made it 3-1 in the 67th minute as he lunged to volley in a perfect cross from Brazilian striker partner Hulk , then his diving header from Guarin 's free-kick on 75 made it a three-goal advantage . The 25-year-old gave Villarreal a mountain to climb in the second leg with another stunning header from a corner in the final minute , sealing Porto 's 13th successive victory in all competitions . Villas Boas is on course for a treble in his first season in charge , which Mourinho also achieved in 2003-04 , with Porto also in the Portuguese Cup final . Benfica , a distant second in the league by 19 points and beaten 3-1 by Porto in the domestic cup last week , made a strong start against Braga as Oscar Cardozo had an 11th-minute effort ruled out for offside . And the Paraguay striker was involved when his team took the lead five minutes after halftime , with his header hitting the post after a superb run down the right by Argentine defender Maxi Pereira . Vieira Jardel converted the rebound for his first European goal . Braga , third in the Portuguese league a whopping 33 points behind Porto , stunned the home fans just three minutes later when midfielder Vandinho leveled . The 33-year-old Brazilian cleverly flicked in a header from a free-kick to leave goalkeeper Roberto helpless . It was a double blow for Benfica as the set-piece came from a foul by Argentine midfielder Pablo Aimar , who will now miss the second leg after being booked for his efforts . But Cardozo ensured two-time European champions Benfica will at least have a lead to protect , with the 27-year-old curling in a superb left-foot free-kick just before the hour mark . Earlier on Thursday , UEFA fined Rangers $ 80,000  $ 118,000  and banned the Scottish club from selling tickets at two away games and one at home . The punishment stems from incidents during both legs of the Europa League last-16 tie against Dutch side PSV Eindhoven , with Rangers fans accused of "  discriminatory behavior " -- or sectarian chants by the club 's predominantly Catholic support . It is the third time UEFA has fined the Glasgow-based team for such an offense following incidents in European competition in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 , according the the UK Press Association . The ticket ban for one away match and the home one has been suspended for a probationary period of three years . Rangers have three days in which to appeal , and the club 's chief executive Martin Bain said he would first wait for a written explanation from UEFA . "  We are bitterly disappointed that our club has been placed in a position where we are subjected to these kind of sanctions by UEFA , " he told the Rangers website . "  The club put its own case very forcibly to UEFA , and the more draconian sanctions that were recommended by the disciplinary inspector have been mitigated to a degree . "  To be clear , we condemn sectarianism and there is no doubt the mindless behavior of an element of our support has exposed the club to a very serious situation . The people who engage in this type of behavior are damaging the club they claim to support . "	Porto poised for Europa League final after thrashing Villarreal 5-1 in home leg Falcao scores four goals after Spanish team take the lead through Ruben Cani Benfica take 2-1 lead into second leg of semifinal against compatriots Braga Scottish club Rangers punished by UEFA for fans ' sectarian chanting
New York  CNN  -- New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is investigating whether New York utilities Long Island Power Authority and Consolidated Edison adequately prepared for and responded to Superstorm Sandy , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . On Wednesday , the attorney general 's office subpoenaed LIPA and ConEd requesting information about what they did to brace their systems ahead of the storm and their management in its wake , the source said . The investigation , which began November 5 , is examining whether ConEd , as a publicly traded investor-owned utility company , breached the Public Service Law , which requires gas and electric companies to "  supply safe and adequate service . " HonorÃ © : Sandy recovery is stumbling Schneiderman 's office is questioning whether LIPA , which was created under the Public Authorities law , violated its legal obligations to ensure a safe and dependable flow of electricity . The attorney general is also studying disclosure statements LIPA made to bondholders regarding the ability of their power systems to weather severe storms , the source said . Elizabeth Flagler , a spokeswoman for LIPA , said in an e-mail to CNN , "  We have reviewed the AGs subpoena and intend to comply with it in all respects . " Joy Faber , a spokeswoman for ConEd , said the company is cooperating with the investigation . "  We look forward to reviewing the company 's storm preparations and response with the Attorney General and all interested parties , " she said . On Tuesday , a lawsuit was filed by two residents , claiming LIPA and its partner , National Grid , committed "  gross negligence , breach of contract , and fraud , " according to attorney Ken Mollins , who is representing the plaintiffs . Also on Tuesday , amidst heavy criticism of his company 's handling of the storm , Mike Hervey , chief operating officer of LIPa , said he would resign , effective at the end of the year . It 's a hard slog back to normalcy Scammers create fake websites for Sandy victims Sandy amplifies struggles for low-income families Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast CNN 's Randi Iaboni contributed to this report	Long Island Power Authority and Consolidated Edison being investigated New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman 's office subpoenaed LIPA and ConEd Source : Office wants to know what they did to prepare and handle aftermath LIPA and ConEd have indicated they will cooperate with the investigation
Travel + Leisure  -- I 'm not an early riser . I have a rule against stepping outside my Paris apartment without first indulging in my café au lait . But after close to a decade of living here , I also know that if you 're craving a croissant , you have to go to a bakery well before noon to taste the city 's iconic breakfast staple at its most exquisite : still slightly warm from the oven , the irresistible aroma of freshly baked dough wafting upward while you 're pulling the whole thing apart , layer by buttery layer . Travel Snapshots : Paris So on a recent morning , I rose early and set out to find the city 's top pastry . Others have gone on a quest for the perfect croissant , but always landed on swanky Left Bank addresses . I thought it was time to give the Right Bank its due , now that a new generation of young bakers have set up their ovens . Travel + Leisure : Affordable small hotels in Paris To start , I did n't have to go far from my apartment in the lively Bastille quarter . In fact , I went right next door to Au Levain du Marais . I 've long appreciated this bakery 's croissant for its extra-crisp ends -- the best part -- while the delicately layered center was soft and tender . It was a promising first stop , but there was more tasting to be done . Heading up the hill toward Montmartre , where shaggy-haired Gontran Cherrier is known for spicing up baguettes with curry and rye bread with miso , I was surprised to find his croissant resolutely unadorned . The distinct layers , more shards than little flakes , had more of a crunch than the dainty bite I had hoped for . Travel + Leisure : Europe 's best neighborhoods for foodies An equally obsessed friend sent me to a busy corner of Rue Paul Bert for La Pâtisserie by Cyril Lignac , whose owner is a spirited presence on French television . Here , the horseshoe-shaped croissants were lined up right next to the register . I ripped off one crisp end and let the wisps of warm , yeasted puff pastry melt in my mouth . This one stopped me in my tracks . Was this the end of my quest ? Never one to shy away from being thorough , I made a beeline for Du Pain et des Idées , in the scenic Canal St.-Martin neighborhood . Christophe Vasseur 's rustic breads are among the best in Paris , and I was curious to see how his artisanal croissant stacked up . This specimen was more substantial than the others , with a sturdy crust and hearty interior -- too dense for my Proustian ideal . But I could n't resist a crusty loaf of my favorite pain aux céréales for later . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest desserts When I arrived in the charming Square Trousseau , I was worried I would n't have room for the hefty croissant at Pâtisserie Boulangerie Blé Sucré . One look at its crackly glazed crust , one bite into the tender interior , and I was enchanted . What set it apart ? A masterful hint of French sea salt in the dough . Satisfied that I had found the ne plus ultra of croissants , I strolled out of the bakery , vowing to return the next morning , leaving a trail of crumbs in my wake . Paris Croissants Address Book Au Levain du Marais - 28 Blvd. . Beaumarchais , 11th Arr. ; croissants for two $ 2.50 . Du Pain et des Idées - 34 Rue Yves Toudic , 10th Arr. ; croissants for two $ 3 . Gontran Cherrier - 22 Rue Caulaincourt , 18th Arr. ; croissants for two $ 2.50 . La Pâtisserie by Cyril Lignac - 24 Rue Paul Bert , 11th Arr. ; croissants for two $ 2.50 . Pâtisserie Boulangerie Blé Sucré - 7 Rue Antoine Vollon , 12th Arr. ; croissants for two $ 2.50 . David Lebovitz is a former pastry chef and the author of "  The Sweet Life in Paris "  Broadway  . Follow him on Twitter @davidlebovitz . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Paris food blogger David Lebovitz goes on a quest for the city 's best croissant Au Levain du Marais provides extra-crisp ends In Montmartre , Gontran Cherrier 's croissants are resolutely unadorned Pâtisserie Boulangerie Blé Sucré 's croissant is set apart by a hint of sea salt
CNN  -- Militants gunned down 10 soldiers at a military checkpoint in southwestern Yemen , authorities said Thursday . The incident occurred Wednesday in the town of Lawdar , security officials said . In an unrelated incident Wednesday , the Yemen Defense Ministry said it had killed Waleed Osairi , an al Qaeda commander , along with several other suspected al Qaeda militants . The deaths occurred in Abyan province and is part of an effort to clear the area of the terror group , the government said . Yemen has been consumed by unrest for months as protesters have demanded an end to the rule of President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's rule . Saleh and other senior officials were wounded June 3 in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . Saleh is being treated in Saudi Arabia . Officials have said he will return when he has recovered . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and journalist Hakim Almasari contributed to this report .	The incident occurs in the town of Lawdar on Wednesday The soldiers are shot by militants at a military checkpoint in the town In other clashes , an al Qaeda commander is killed , officials say
A jury on Saturday night convicted a Florida man on four charges related to his shooting into an SUV full of teenagers during an argument over loud music , but could not decide on the most serious charge -- murder . Michael Dunn was found guilty on four charges , including three for attempted second-degree murder , which could land him behind bars for decades . Yet there was no verdict on the first-degree murder charge tied to the death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis . As the jury 's decisions became clear about 7 p.m. Saturday , Dunn looked ahead solemnly with a frown but no tears . His lawyer , Cory Strolla , told reporters later that his client was "  in disbelief . " "  Even as he sat next to me , he asked , how is this happening , " Strolla said . " ... It has not set in . I do n't think it will set in anytime soon . " The incomplete finale to this emotional , hot-button trial -- partly because of the fact Dunn is white and the teenagers who were shot at , including Davis , are black -- echoed George Zimmerman 's trial for the killing of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin about 120 miles down the road in Sanford , Florida . While stand your ground was n't used by Dunn , his lawyers did argue that he fired in self-defense . Given the partially hung jury , State Attorney Angela Corey said prosecutors would press for a new trial in Duval County on the murder charge . "  Justice for Jordan Davis is as important as it is for any victim , " said Corey , whose office also handled the Zimmerman case . Even without a final decision on the murder count -- and pending defense appeals -- the 47-year-old Dunn is looking at a lengthy prison term . Prosecutor Erin Wolfson explained Saturday night that each attempted second-degree murder conviction carries a minimum sentence of at least 20 years . There 's also a 15-year sentence possible on the conviction for shooting in the teenager 's vehicle . "  You are looking at basically at life in prison , " Strolla said , even as he vowed to challenge the convictions . "  At 47 years old , that 's a life sentence regardless of count one . " The decision to convict on these counts , and not on murder , did n't come easily for a jury that had deliberated for about 30 hours since getting the case late Wednesday . Judge Russell Healey acknowledged earlier Saturday that the jury of four white women , two black women , four white men , an Asian woman and a Hispanic man was "  struggling , obviously . " "  But it 's not for want of trying to reconcile all of this , " he said then . "  I think we 've got some analytical people in there who are trying to do just that -- trying to analyze this from every possible angle . " The lack of a murder conviction upset some , including protesters who marched outside the Jacksonville courthouse calling for Corey to lose her job . "  The people united will never be defeated , " they also chanted . Yet Davis ' mother , Lucia McBath , did n't express any anger when she addressed reporters Saturday night . Her family , she said , is "  so very happy to have just a little bit of closure . " "  It 's sad for Mr. Dunn that he will live the rest of his life in that sense of torment , and I will pray for him , " McBath said . "  And I 've asked my family to pray for him . " Confrontation at a gas station It was November 23 , 2012 , when Michael Dunn pulled into a gas station in Jacksonville , parking next to a red Dodge Durango full of teenagers . The teens had pulled in for gum and cigarettes ; Dunn , meanwhile , had just left his son 's wedding with his fiancee , who 'd gone inside the convenience store for wine and chips . Dunn did n't like the loud music -- "  rap crap , " as he called it -- coming from the teens ' SUV . So he asked them to turn it down . What followed next depends on whom you believe . Dunn claimed Davis threatened him , and he decided to take matter into his own hands upon seeing what he thought was the barrel of a gun sticking out of the Durango . But prosecutors asserted that it was Dunn who lost control , firing three volleys of shots -- 10 bullets total -- at the SUV over music he did n't like . Prosecutors challenged what he did next : He left the gas station and drove 40 miles away to a bed and breakfast in St. Augustine . There , Dunn walked his dog , ordered a pizza , then drank rum and cola -- "  stunned and horrified ,  shocked how  things escalated the way they did over a common courtesy . " After learning almost six hours later that he had killed Davis , Dunn testified that he became "  crazy with grief , " experiencing stomach problems for about four hours before taking a nap . "  My intent was to stop the attack , not necessarily end a life , " he testified . "  It just worked out that way . " Yet his fiancee , Rhonda Rouer , testified that Dunn had never mentioned any weapon to her -- be it a shotgun , a stick , a barrel or a lead pipe -- unlike what Dunn had said . In fact , police found a basketball , basketball shoes , clothing , a camera tripod and cups inside the teenagers ' Durango , but no gun . And Dunn himself never called police . The first contacts he had with them were at his home in Satellite Beach -- 130 miles south of St. Augustine -- as he was being apprehended . Arguing that he was n't in a rational state of mind , Dunn admitted , "  It makes sense that I should have  contacted authorities  . We did n't . I ca n't tell you why . " Echoes of Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman Some were quick to compare Dunn to George Zimmerman , who ultimately was acquitted of murder for the shooting of Martin . Martin 's own parents were among them , claiming Davis ' killing is another reminder that , in Florida , "  racial profiling and stereotypes " may serve as the basis for illegitimate fear "  and the shooting and killing of young teenagers . " But Dunn 's defense attorney , Strolla , told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on Friday that the Zimmerman and Dunn cases are n't so similar . There was a physical confrontation between Zimmerman and Martin , and police gave Zimmerman the benefit of the doubt about defending himself , Strolla said . "  My client did not wait to become that victim , " he said . "  My client did not wait to either get assaulted by a weapon or have someone potentially pull a trigger , " he said . Though a weapon was never found , Strolla maintains the youths could have had one and somehow ditched in and around the gas station . Regardless , the key point was that Dunn believed they were armed and that his life was in danger . "  Now , does it sound irrational ? Of course it sounds irrational . But have you ever been in that situation ? " the lawyer asked . After Saturday 's night decision , it seems unlikely -- unless he wins on appeal -- that Dunn will ever be in that or many other situations again . Instead , spending the rest of his life in prison seems a more likely outcome . Strolla said on Saturday the four convictions leave him with regret , even as he said he could n't immediately think of anything he 'd do differently in the case . At the same time , the prosecution did n't manage a conviction on what was by far the biggest charge : first-degree murder . This mixed bag means that no one can fully celebrate the jury 's decision . "  Everybody lost something in this , " the lawyer said . His client "  will live to fight another day " in court , but he and his loved ones are suffering now . Strolla acknowledged , too , the pain felt by Davis ' family . Especially on Sunday , which would have been Davis ' 19th birthday .	"  You are looking at basically at life in prison , " Dunn 's lawyer says Dunn is convicted on three counts of attempted second-degree murder But there 's a mistrial on first-degree murder ; prosecutors say they 'll seek a new trial The teen killed , Jordan Davis , would have celebrated his 19th birthday Sunday
Imagine this : You 've toiled at a company for years and followed all the rules . You 're productive , diligent , and respected by your peers . In short , you 're a model employee . But the latest round of raises that have consumed the office leave you thinking that your male colleagues -- despite having the same job title -- make more than you . You begin to suspect you 're the victim of gender discrimination . So , you decide it 's time to "  lean in " and secure the equal pay you deserve -- 77 cents on the dollar , the nation 's going rate , just wo n't cut it . But when you take this information to your boss you 're told that the company 's pay practices are secret and you can be fired for discussing them . Throughout America , countless women find themselves between a rock and a hard place . They suspect they 're being denied equal pay , but have no way of confirming it . Or worse , they do n't know they 're being shortchanged because company policies prevent them from discussing their wages . The Equal Pay Act of 1963 was passed to prohibit wage discrimination on the basis of sex and sought to ensure that women earn equal pay for equal work . Its purpose was clear : Eliminate the gender wage gap , which hurts women and families . But 50 years later , pay discrimination is alive and well . Gag rules that require employees to keep their pay secret perpetuate this inequity . It 's time for our wages to get out from behind the secrecy paywall . A majority of private sector workplaces in America prohibit or discourage employees from discussing their wages with co-workers . As a result , employees who mention what they earn are threatened with retaliation , including harassment , demotion , or termination . Women who believe they 're the victims of unequal pay face an impossible choice : Jeopardize their economic livelihood or suffer the indignity and economic consequences of discrimination . Low-wage women workers -- many of whom live paycheck to paycheck and are seen as replaceable by their employers -- are especially likely to choose silence and live with pay discrimination rather than risk their jobs . Still others will have no clue that they are being paid less . Pay secrecy policies can keep women in the dark for years . Take Lilly Ledbetter , who worked as a supervisor at a Goodyear plant in Gadsden , Alabama , for nearly two decades without knowing that she had been denied equal pay . Had it not been for an anonymous note , she would never have learned that she was earning substantially less than her male colleagues . Pay secrecy facilitated Goodyear 's discrimination . The Supreme Court , meanwhile , has exacerbated the problem . For decades , plaintiffs were typically afforded discovery , the opportunity to secure testimony and documents from their employer , before resolution of their claims . But in two deeply divided decisions , the Supreme Court recently abandoned that practice and now requires plaintiffs to provide more detailed information about the alleged discrimination before discovery . This higher burden is nearly insurmountable for women alleging unequal pay . Because of pay secrecy , their complaints often begin with a strong hunch that can only be verified through corporate records and sworn statements . Denying them access to this basic information is tantamount to locking them out of the courthouse . Unsurprisingly , workplaces that have abandoned punitive pay secrecy , like the federal government and many unionized workplaces , have been particularly effective in reducing the gender wage gap . Female federal workers are paid 89 cents , and unionized female workers 88 cents , for every dollar paid to men . Economists have posited that more transparent workplaces will lead to greater worker satisfaction and productivity , while closed pay practices will lead to lower motivation and mistrust of management . Permitting workers to discuss their wages would also make managers more accountable . The Paycheck Fairness Act , reintroduced in Congress , would prohibit retaliation against workers who discuss their wages . The legislation has been blocked , but if passed , would finally close loopholes in the Equal Pay Act . It would permit workers to compare notes and determine whether they 're being paid fairly , without fear of retribution . If the legislation continues to stall , President Obama can and should act . He can sign an executive order requiring federal contractors to abandon punitive pay secrecy and protect nearly 22 % of the American workforce . Those refusing to comply would lose the government as a client . And let 's not let states off the hook . State laws can provide important protections against employer retaliation . In August , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie signed a law banning retaliation against workers who inquire about salary . New Jersey joins states like Vermont , Colorado , Michigan and California in outlining explicit protections for workers seeking equal pay . Justice Louis Brandeis famously said the best remedy for social and industrial disease was publicity and sunlight its most effective disinfectant . Fifty years after the Equal Pay Act , pay secrecy still masks discrimination . There is only one way to fight this darkness : light . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Many companies have secret pay practices : Discussing wages a firable offense They say women who think they are paid less than men ca n't find out ; some never suspect Writers : Low-wage women workers most likely keep quiet , live with pay discrimination They back Paycheck Fairness Act , which would ban employer retaliation for discussing pay
CNN  -- A Tennessee detective 's keen eye may have nabbed a serial killer . Tennessee police say trucker Bruce Mendenhall implicated himself as a serial killer . A long-distance truck driver gave statements implicating himself in six slayings in four states after Detective Sgt. Pat Postiglione discovered what appeared to be blood inside the cab of his rig , police said . Bruce Mendenhall , 56 , an independent truck driver from Albion , Illinois , is facing homicide charges in the shooting death of Sara Nicole Hulbert , 25 . Her body was found June 26 in the parking lot of a Nashville , Tennessee , truck stop , authorities said . Mendenhall made his first court appearance Thursday via closed-circuit television . A judge declined to set bond . Heading to the crime scene Thursday , Postiglione saw a tractor-trailer rig on the road that matched the description of a truck sought in the investigation . The rig pulled into the truck stop and stopped . Watch police search Mendehall 's truck " Postiglione knocked on its door . While talking with Mendenhall , Postiglione noticed what appeared to be blood on the inside of the driver 's door . Mendenhall gave the detective permission to look inside the truck . Postiglione found "  some more evidence that I considered incriminating , " he said . Mendenhall was detained , police said , because he gave statements implicating himself in Hulbert 's slaying . Knowing that the slaying was similar to other recent homicides in the South , Postiglione questioned Mendenhall about those as well , police said . Mendenhall implicated himself in the death of Symantha Winters , 48 , of Nashville , who was found shot to death June 6 in a trash container at a Lebanon , Tennessee , truck stop , police said . He also implicated himself in a homicide in Alabama , one in Georgia and two in Indiana , the statement said . Those victims were not named . Nashville police said they are in contact with agencies in those states regarding statements from Mendenhall , who is being held without bail . The truck was impounded and was being processed by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation . E-mail to a friend	Detective finds blood in truck that matched description of wanted vehicle Also found was "  more evidence " that detective considered incriminating Police say driver gave statements implicating himself in 6 murders in 4 states States are Alabama , Georgia , Indiana and Tennessee
CNN  -- Ferdinand Alexander Porsche , who designed and unveiled to the world the first Porsche 911 , has died in Salzburg , Austria , a spokesman said . He was 76 . The death was announced Thursday by Matthias Muller , president of Porsche AG , who credited the late designer with establishing a "  design that is a legacy . " Porsche gained worldwide recognition at the age of 27 when he unveiled the first Porsche 911 at the Frankfurt Motor Show in 1963 . Recalling the design process , Porsche said : "  Right from the start the specification was that the car had to be instantly recognizable as a Porsche from its silhouette . " The two-door luxury coupe initially was called the Porsche 901 , until a patent issue with Peugeot forced a change in name . In addition , Porsche also designed the Porsche 904 Carrera GTS , a Formula One racing car that has been praised for its sleek , forward design . Porsche was born in Stuttgart , Germany , on December 11 , 1935 , to Dorothea and Ferry Porsche . He was named for his grandfather , Ferdinand Porsche , according to the company . As the story goes , he spent much of his time in the engineering and development offices of his grandfather , who is credited with the original design of the Volkswagen Beetle in the 1930s . F.A. Porsche , as he was referred to by his colleagues , joined the company at the age of 22 and soon developed one of the first clay models of the successor of the Porsche 356 , the company 's first production automobile , according to Muller . In 1962 , he took over as the head of the Porsche design studio and one year later unveiled what became the Porsche 911 . Porsche , who later served as president of the company , is credited with playing a major role in reshaping it in the 1990s and guiding it through an economic turnaround , according to Porsche AG . Porsche will be buried in a private ceremony in Zell am See , Germany , the company said . An official service will be held in Stuttgart at a later date . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Ferdinand Alexander Porsche dies at the age of 76 , the company says Porsche unveiled the first Porsche 911 in 1963 He also designed the Porsche 904 Carrera GTS
CNN  -- The ozone hole over Antarctica in 2008 is larger in both size and ozone loss than last year , but not as large as in 2006 , the European Space Agency said Tuesday . Some chemical processes produce ozone-depleting gases . The hole is a thinning area in the ozone layer over Antarctica and the size of the hole varies every year depending on weather conditions . This year , the size of the thinned area reached about 27 million square kilometers  10.4 million square miles  , compared to 25 million square kilometers  9.65 million square miles  in 2007 . In 2006 , the hole was a record 29 million square kilometers  11.2 million square miles  , larger than North America , the ESA said . The ESA announced its results based on information from German and Dutch researchers who analyzed satellite data . Depletion of ozone is caused by extreme cold temperatures at high altitude and the presence of ozone-destroying gases , such as chlorine and bromine , in the atmosphere , the ESA said . Those gases originate from man-made products like chlorofluorocarbons , or CFCs , which were phased out under a global agreement two decades ago but continue to linger in the atmosphere . Ozone is a protective atmospheric layer found at an altitude of about 25 kilometers  15.5 miles  . It acts as a sunlight filter , shielding life on Earth from harmful ultraviolet rays that put humans at greater risk of skin cancer and cataracts and harm marine life , the agency said .	2008 ozone hole larger than in 2007 , European Space Agency says It covers area of about 27 million square kilometers Ozone layer acts as a sunlight filter , shielding Earth from some ultraviolet rays
CNN  -- An American Airlines flight made an emergency landing Monday at San Francisco International Airport after a problem with an air duct caused some cabin panels to buckle , a spokesman said . All 184 passengers and six crew members are safe , according to American Airlines spokesman Matt Miller . "  The air duct became inoperable and a few of the panels inside the plane came loose . There were no other issues . It was considered an emergency landing because it was an unscheduled landing , " Miller said . American Airlines Flight 2293 was en route from San Francisco to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport when it was forced to make a U-turn . The plane , a Boeing 757 , will remain out of service until workers can determine what needs to be done to fix it , Miller said .	A problem with an air duct caused some cabin panels to come loose All 184 passengers and six crew members are safe The flight was forced to make a U-turn back to San Francisco
CNN  -- NBC might be aiming to replace Jay Leno with Jimmy Fallon , but it looks like the "  Tonight Show " host is n't going down without a fight . Leno aimed one of his opening monologue jokes toward his employer Wednesday , the same day that reports proclaimed NBC is hoping to move Fallon to "  Tonight " by the fall of 2014 . In doing so , "  The Tonight Show " would also move back to New York from California . In light of all that chatter , Leno took the stage as the still-current host of "  Tonight " and cracked wise about NBC 's sagging ratings . "  Scientists say they 're getting closer and closer to being able to do ` Jurassic Park ' - style cloning on extinct species -- things once thought to be extinct could now be brought back from the dead , " Leno said . "  So , there 's hope for NBC . It could turn around . " But if you 've been tuning in -- and it 's fair to assume that you might have , since "  Tonight " is still one of the shows that is performing well for NBC , noted New York magazine 's Vulture -- you know that Leno 's been taking fire at the "  peacock " network all week . On Monday , he compared NBC execs to snakes in a holiday-themed St. Patrick 's Day joke . "  You know the whole legend of St. Patrick , right ? " Leno said . "  St. Patrick drove all the snakes out of Ireland , and then they came into the United States and became NBC executives . " And then on Tuesday , it was another light dig at NBC 's poor performance . "  Did you hear about this ? A 28-year-old woman from Serbia has a rare brain condition where she sees everything upside down , " Leno said . "  Is n't that unbelievable ? She sees everything upside down . In fact , she thinks NBC is at the top of the ratings . " Fallon also could n't escape the reports Wednesday , and acknowledged them right off the top of his "  Late Night " monologue . "  Before we get started , I have to talk about the rumors that came out today which say that I 'll be moving up to 11:30 -- or as my parents call it , ` eh , it 's still too late , ' " he joked . "  The rumors are true -- NBC is turning ` The Tonight Show ' into a diving competition . "  ABC 's "  Splash , " you might 've heard , premiered to nearly 9 million viewers on Tuesday . Yet according to The New York Times ' Bill Carter , Fallon 's future as the new host of "  Tonight " is n't a done deal as much as it 's an understanding . "  There 's no deal yet for the timetable of this , they have an understanding , " Carter told CNN 's Jake Tapper Wednesday . "  I 'm sure Jay knows about the understanding . But Jay has a contract that goes until the fall of next year . I think from Jay 's point of view , he will work until they tell him to stop . That 's the way he is ; that 's the kind of guy he is . " Still , the idea of Fallon getting the show is n't a surprise -- at least , not as much as the report that the show will move back to New York from California . "  There 's a lot of reasons for it -- I think they all feel that the energy of New York helps Fallon , " Carter said . "  But also you have Lorne Michaels , who 's the producer of the show , and has always been close to Jimmy and he 's of course New York-based . And then you have the band , The Roots , and The Roots are a Philadelphia-based band , and some of the guys I think still commute to New York , and they 're very important to that show and I do n't think they wanted to lose them . "	Reports about Jimmy Fallon taking over "  Tonight " prompted late night jokes On Wednesday , Jay Leno fired off more cracks about NBC Fallon , meanwhile , quipped that "  Tonight " will become a diving show
CNN  -- A suspect in the disappearance of a 3-year-old Missouri girl last seen riding her bicycle was in custody Saturday , authorities announced . Authorities were searching for Breeann Rodriguez 's body and bicycle in an undisclosed area in Dunklin County , the Senath Police Department and Dunklin County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . The unnamed suspect is from the area and is not related to the family , according to the statement . He was being held at the Dunklin County Justice Center , pending formal charges . "  There have been hundreds of tips from the public but it was a thorough investigation that led to the suspect , " officials said . They would not comment further Saturday morning , saying the Dunklin County Prosecutor 's Office will release more information after the suspect is formally charged . Police said Thursday that they 'd found two training wheels similar to those on a pink bike ridden by Breeann before she went missing . Senath police Chief Omar Karnes described the training wheels as "  items of interest . " The girl was last seen riding August 6 with her brother in front of their home in Senath . The city , which has about 1,800 residents according to the U.S. Census Bureau , is in southeast Missouri 's "  bootheel " about 40 miles northeast of Jonesboro , Arkansas , and 90 miles north of Memphis , Tennessee . A $ 45,000 reward -- $ 25,000 from the FBI and $ 20,000 from the Senath Marshal 's office -- was offered for information leading to Breeann 's recovery and the prosecution of those responsible . Authorities said they were no longer interested in tracking down a white cargo van that had been seen in the area days ahead of Breeann 's disappearance . Digital billboards with the girl 's picture have been displayed in Jonesboro and Cape Girardeau , Missouri , about 100 miles north of where she went missing . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Breeann Rodriguez was last seen riding her bicycle outside her house Authorities say they found training wheels believed to be from her bike A $ 45,000 reward was offered
RAFAH , Gaza  CNN  -- Israel said Wednesday it expects Egypt to "  solve the problem " after at least 50,000 people crossed the downed Gaza-Egyptian border to buy supplies . Palestinians on Wednesday break through a wall separating Egypt from Gaza . Palestinians , running out of fuel , food and other supplies after Israel closed Gaza border crossings , poured into Egypt through blown-out and torn-down breaches in the border wall . Egyptian guards stood by without intervening , and Egypt 's Foreign Ministry spokesman announced that the nation would remain open to the needy "  as long as this is a humanitarian crisis . " "  We are not opening the Rafah crossing just for everybody to cross -- we 're opening it because it 's a very dire humanitarian situation , " said spokesman Hassam Zaki . Watch more from the scene " After the "  shopping spree , " Zaki said , "  We expect everyone to go back to Gaza to their homes within a short period of time . " Egypt is torn between obligations to Israel to control the border and domestic support for the Palestinians . See dramatic photos " Israel 's Foreign Ministry said the open border posed a security risk . "  When the exit -LSB- from Gaza -RSB- is open , so is the entrance , " ministry spokesman Aryeh Mekel said . "  Hamas and other terrorist groups may use this opportunity to smuggle weapons and terrorists into Gaza . " The exodus followed Israel 's closing of its Gaza border crossings Friday to punish Gaza 's Hamas leadership after days of rocket attacks on southern Israel . Mindful of its diplomatic pact with Egypt , Israel 's Foreign Ministry issued a tersely worded call for Egypt to "  ensure that the border operates properly , in accordance with the signed agreements " and "  Israel expects the Egyptians to solve the problem . " Earlier Wednesday , wave after wave of people -- cheered on by children chanting "  God is great " -- washed over fences along the border and into Egypt . They left on foot , in cars and atop donkey carts . Israel 's border closings have left Hamas-controlled Gaza cut off from food , fuel and other necessities . Aid agencies warned of the impending humanitarian crisis . Along the border in Rafah , the scene changed throughout the day from a carnival atmosphere -- as Palestinians flooded the town -- to a calmer situation . Later Wednesday , more cars traveled into Gaza than toward Egypt . By nightfall , Rafah 's normally sleepy sister town of El-Arish , Egypt -- about a 20-minute drive from the border -- was still bustling with Palestinians . Trucks were traveling the road between the Egyptian town and Gaza , carrying Palestinians and their newly purchased goods . Meanwhile , Gaza City -- the Palestinian territory 's most populated area -- was a virtual ghost town as people headed south . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said he had ordered his troops to allow Palestinians to cross into Egypt because they were starving , according to Egypt 's state-run news agency MENA . In Washington , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Wednesday that the "  situation on the border with Egypt and Gaza is quite serious today and we are very concerned about it . " State Department officials have been in touch with involved parties , she said , including "  many in the Egyptian government . " "  The focus should be on restoring the situation , " said Perino , who blamed Hamas for the "  genesis of this problem , " specifically , "  sending over to Israel upwards of 150 rockets a day that are landing in its territory . So Israel 's defending itself . " The mass movement of people into Egypt began about 2 a.m. Wednesday , when residents reported hearing explosions near the border . Authorities said militants set off several explosions . At least six spots on the border wall had been blown apart . In another stretch , a steel coil wall had been sheared off . By daybreak , lines of people waited restlessly as a frontloader tore chunks of concrete from a border wall . Hundreds of cars streamed toward Rafah -- on the Egyptian border -- unloading occupants who then jumped over . John Ging , head of the United Nations Relief and Work Agency in Gaza , called the exodus "  the desperate acts of a desperate people . " "  Everything that is needed for the sustainment of life here is in short supply or has run out , " Ging said . Border access between Gaza and Egypt has been greatly restricted since June 2007 , when Hamas took over the territory . Israel 's military reported Wednesday that no rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel as of 6 p.m.  11 a.m. ET  , marking a sharp reduction in what has been the daily launching of rockets . In Cairo , Egyptian police Wednesday arrested as many as 500 people on their way to demonstrations to show support for the Palestinians in Gaza , according to George Ishaq , a spokesman for Kifaya , an anti-government movement in Egypt . Student organizers at Cairo University said several thousand protesters turned out for a similar demonstration on the school 's campus . In Switzerland , where she is attending a conference , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has blamed Gaza 's Hamas leadership for its defiance of the international community . Hamas is a Palestinian Islamic fundamentalist organization which Israel and the United States consider a terrorist organization . Rice said on Tuesday that the Mideast Quartet -- composed of the United Nations , the European Union , the United States and Russia -- is examining a plan by Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad for the Palestinian Authority to take a greater role in monitoring border crossings between Gaza and Israel . Gaza receives about 70 percent of its electricity from Israel , and the bulk of the remaining power comes from a generation plant in Gaza . That plant relies on fuel supplied by an Israeli company . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elise Labott , Aneesh Raman , Shira Medding , Kevin Flower , Talal Abu-Rahmi and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : Hamas to blame for "  serious " situation , says "  very concerned " White House Gaza City quiet ; Egyptian town bustling ; more cars entering Gaza Gaza rocket attacks into southern Israel cease , Israel says U.S. blames Hamas after 50,000 cross into Gaza to Egypt to buy goods
Several detainees in Libya have died after being tortured in recent weeks , the human rights group Amnesty International said Thursday . The humanitarian aid group Doctors Without Borders said it was halting its work in detention centers in Misrata because detainees are "  tortured and denied urgent medical care . " The agency , known by its French acronym MSF , said it has treated 115 people with torture-related wounds from interrogation sessions . Christopher Stokes , general director of MSF , told CNN that two detainees died -- one in October and another in November -- within 30 minutes of being interrogated . Autopsies were not carried out , so the cause of death is unknown , he said . In a statement , Amnesty described "  widespread torture and ill-treatment of suspected pro-Gadhafi fighters and loyalists , " a reference to those who fought for the regime of leader Moammar Gadhafi until his ouster and death . "  Amnesty International delegates in Libya have met detainees being held in and around Tripoli , Misrata and Gharyan , who showed visible marks indicating torture inflicted in recent days and weeks . Their injuries included open wounds on the head , limbs , back and other parts of the body . "  The torture is being carried out by officially recognized military and security entities as well by a multitude of armed militias operating outside any legal framework , " Amnesty said in a statement . Libyan officials could not be immediately reached for comment . Interim Prime Minister Abderrahim el-Keib , in a televised addressed Wednesday evening about the state of affairs in Libya , said a plan was in progress to take over prisons partially . Libya 's ambassador to the United Nations , Mohammed Shalgham , told the United Nations on Wednesday that Libya does not approve of any abuse of detainees and was working to stop any such practices . Amnesty published what it said were quotes from tortured detainees in Misrata . "  Five men in plain clothes took turns beating and whipping me . ... They suspended me from the top of the door by my wrists for about an hour and kept beating me . They also kicked me , " one said , according to the human rights group . "  Yesterday they beat me with electric cable while my hands were cuffed behind my back and my feet were bound together . They threatened to send me back to the militia who captured me , who would kill me , " said another , according to Amnesty . MSF said some of the patients its personnel have treated were tortured again after being returned to detention centers . "  Some officials have sought to exploit and obstruct MSF 's medical work , " said Stokes , the general director . "  Patients were brought to us for medical care between interrogation sessions , so that they would be fit for further interrogation . This is unacceptable . Our role is to provide medical care to war casualties and sick detainees , not to repeatedly treat the same patients between torture sessions . " MSF officials told CNN the injuries included cigarette burns , fractures , and electroshocks , which are "  definitely " due to torture . There were also clear signs of beatings , Stokes said . The detainees with torture wounds includes former fighters in the conflict , "  but also people who have been accused of theft , " Stokes said . MSF is continuing its work providing mental health services in Misrata schools and health centers , he said . Libya faces challenges in building a new nation Navi Pillay , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , voiced similar concerns about torture in Libya , sparking the response from Shalgham , Libya 's U.N. envoy . Pillay said the International Committee of the Red Cross had visited more than 8,500 detainees in about 60 places in Libya between March and December . The majority of the detainees are accused of being Gadhafi loyalists , Pillay said Wednesday . She said the issue is part of the difficulties Libya is having in law enforcement and security as the country transitions from Gadhafi 's rule . "  The lack of oversight by the central authorities creates an environment conducive to torture and ill-treatment , " Pillay said .	Doctors Without Borders official says two detainees died in custody late last year Libya 's ambassador to U.N. said government does n't approve of abuse of detainees Doctors Without Borders says it has treated 115 people with torture-related wounds Amnesty International says some detainees in Libya have died after being tortured
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- A day after police arrested five people in what authorities described as an anti-Semitic demonstration that turned violent , Jews expressed concern Monday over the attack . Supporters of those who attacked a celebration of Israel 's founding outside an Argentine court The attack occurred outside the Israeli embassy as members of Argentina 's Jewish community , celebrating the 61st anniversary of the state of Israel 's founding , were confronted by a gang of youths . "  They came equipped for that , " said Daniel Gazit , Israel 's ambassador to Argentina , who witnessed the incident in which three Jews and a policeman were injured -- none seriously . "  They came with their clubs , with their arms , one had a knife , one had a pistol -- they came ready for this , " Gazit said . "  It was not a political demonstration ... this was violence for the sake of violence . " Witnesses said the attackers were between the ages of 15 and 20 . The five who were detained were to make their first court appearance on Tuesday . Some people complained about the lack of security measures in place at the time of the pro-Israel demonstration and denounced the secretary general of AMIA , a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires , for having allowed a type of "  liberated zone " from which the group attacked . "  There were a lot of police in that place , " said Anibal Fernandez , the minister of justice . "  Some uniformed , others not , and that allowed them to rapidly arrest five of them . " Fernandez described the act as anti-Semitic , but denied Argentina was experiencing a surge in such sentiment . He blamed a small group for the incident . But for some people in Argentina 's Jewish community , this and other recent acts , like the appearance of swastikas painted in a cemetery , have raised concerns . The Israeli government , through the chancellery , demanded that the incident be investigated and that those responsible be severely punished to avoid a recurrence of such acts .	Attack occurs outside the Israeli embassy ; four hurt , none seriously Incident happens , as Jews mark 61st anniversary of Israel 's founding Israel ambassador says attackers had clubs , a knife , a pistol Attackers are to appear in court on Tuesday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fantasy author Terry Pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer 's disease -- but says he plans to continue writing his multi-million selling Discworld books . Terry Pratchett , whose books have sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages . Pratchett , 59 -- whose books have , according to his Web site , sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages -- suffered what he called a "  phantom stroke " earlier this year . In a statement titled "  an embuggerance " on the Web site of Discworld illustrator Paul Kidby , Pratchett says that he has been diagnosed with what he terms "  a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer 's . " "  I would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while , but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed , it seems to me unfair to withhold the news , " says Pratchett , who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction . "  All other things being equal , I expect to meet most current and , as far as possible , future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers , " he continues . "  Frankly , I would prefer it if people kept things cheerful , because I think there 's time for at least a few more books yet . " Pratchett adds that work is continuing on his next book "  Nation " and that the "  basic notes are already being laid down for Unseen Academicals . " In a P.S. he adds that "  I would just like to draw attention to everyone reading the above that this should be interpreted as ' I am not dead ' . I will , of course , be dead at some future point , as will everybody else . "  I know it 's a very human thing to say ` Is there anything I can do ' , but in this case I would only entertain offers from very high-end experts in brain chemistry . " Pratchett 's Discworld novels , of which 36 have been published to date , are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern-day life . He says in a statement on his own Web site that the series "  started out as a parody of all the fantasy that was around in the big boom of the early '80s , then turned into a satire on just about everything , and even I do n't know what it is now . " Pratchett , who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s , received the Order of the British Empire "  for services to literature " from the Prince of Wales in 1998 . E-mail to a friend	Multi-million selling writer has "  a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer 's " Terry Pratchett says work continuing on books , plans to honor commitments Discworld novels are set in a fantasy universe but satirize modern day life Received the Order of the British Empire from the Prince of Wales in 1998
Washington  CNN  -- A number of websites including TMZ and YouTube posted a video Wednesday showing four men dressed in U.S. Marine Corps combat gear urinating on the apparently dead bodies of three men sprawled on the ground in front of them . One of the men says , "  Have a great day , buddy . " A voice asks , "  You got it on the video ? " to which another voice responds , "  Yeah . " Another jokes , "  Golden , like a shower . " It was not clear who shot or posted the 39-second video , who the people pictured in it were or where it was shot . "  We recently became aware of an inappropriate video on a public website that appears to involve members of our military , " International Security Assistance Force spokesman Col. Gary Kolb said from Kabul , Afghanistan . "  We will not speculate on the details but will take all necessary actions to determine the facts . " He said an investigation was under way but would not comment on the video 's authenticity . The faces of the bodies are not identifiable . "  While we have not yet verified the origin or authenticity of this video , the actions portrayed are not consistent with our core values and are not indicative of the character of the Marines in our Corps , " said U.S.M.C. Media Officer Kendra Hardesty . "  This matter will be fully investigated and those responsible will be held accountable for their actions . We are in the process of verifying what unit these Marines are with right now and as soon as we have more information , we will let you know . " "  Regardless of the circumstances or who is in the video , this is egregious , disgusting behavior , " said DOD spokesman Capt. John Kirby . "  It 's hideous . It turned my stomach . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this story .	"  Have a great day , buddy , " one voice says It is not clear who shot or posted the video Marine Corps : "  This matter will be fully investigated " "  It 's hideous , it turned my stomach , " DOD spokesman says
CNN  -- Atlantic bluefin tuna will not be added to a list of banned exports , following a vote on Thursday afternoon in Doha , Qatar . The vote was held among the 115-member nations who have signed the Convention on International Trade on Endangered Species . The popular sushi staple has been the focus of international attention as East Atlantic and Mediterranean populations of the fish have decreased by an estimated nearly 61 percent in the last decade , according to International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas  ICCAT  , the inter-governmental group that manages tuna fisheries in the Atlantic Ocean . The proposal to ban export of bluefin tuna was defeated by an outright majority , according to John Donaldson , the chairman of the committee tasked with hearing the proposal . The proposal , originally raised by Monaco , aimed to reduce the overall harvest of Atlantic bluefin tuna . ICCAT has been the target of criticism for what many see as lax enforcement of its own limits . The proposal by Monaco noted that , in 2007 , an "  independent review of ICCAT , " conducted by reviewers that ICCAT appointed concluded that "  ICCAT contracting parties ' performance in managing fisheries on bluefin tuna particularly in the eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean is widely regarded as an international disgrace . " Monaco 's proposal noted that , on ICCAT 's watch in 2007 , over 32,000 tons of bluefin tuna were exported to Japan alone . The total allowable catch for that year for the whole of the Atlantic Ocean was just 29,500 tons .	East Atlantic , Mediterranean stocks down by nearly 61 percent in the last decade Proposal to ban export of bluefin tuna defeated by an outright majority Brought to the table by Monaco , it aimed to reduce the overall harvest
CNN  -- Few players , pundits or fans would argue who the best two players in the world currently are . Trying to choose between them is another matter . But not for former Brazil striker Ronaldo . "  I give preference to Messi , because he 's a player who fascinates us more , who shows more creativity -- even though he 's from Argentina , which has a big rivalry with Brazil ! " the Brazilian great told CNN 's Shasta Darlington . He admires both players he says , but "  Messi is a little above Cristiano Ronaldo . " Like Messi , the 35-year-old is a three-time winner of the FIFA 's Ballon d'Or and enjoyed a highly successful club career including spells at Barcelona , Inter Milan and Real Madrid -- winning two league titles with the reigning La Liga champions . The 35-year-old who finished his playing days at Corinthians in February 2011 was plagued by knee injuries during an illustrious career which reached its peak at the 2002 World Cup in Japan . Ronaldo inspired Brazil to their fifth victory in the competition , claiming the Golden Boot award with eight goals -- with two coming in the final against Germany . "  It was an incredible experience . Especially because after 1998 when we lost the final match to France , " said Ronaldo . Hours before that final in 1998 Ronaldo had what his teammates described at the time as a convulsive attack at the team hotel and was rushed to hospital . Nonetheless he played against France -- making little contribution -- as the hosts coasted to a 3-0 win . "  Brazilians and players were left with that bitter taste in our mouths , " added Ronaldo . "  Then came the World Cup of 2002 with big expectations and thank God we managed to make it to the final and beat Germany . I scored two goals in the final , it was truly unforgettable . " With all eyes on Brazil as it prepares to host the next FIFA World Cup in 2014 , Ronaldo says his country faces challenges on two fronts . "  First , the organization of a World Cup , which is the biggest challenge in terms of country-wide organization .  The World Cup  today is a very complex event to organize , " he says . But it will also be a challenge to satisfy the expectations of a football-mad nation , he says . "  The Brazilian people have high expectations about winning the cup in our own country and I 'm certain that by the time we get to the cup , our team is going to be competitive . " Adding a sixth gold star to the famous yellow and green jersey will be difficult -- Brazil lost to Netherlands at the quarterfinal stage at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa -- but not impossible , Ronaldo says . "  I think in the last victories we had in the World Cup  1994 and 2002  , the team was traditionally created in the last year . So I think we still have time , " he said . "  We have Neymar , who is a huge talent , Pato , Thiago Silva , who is another excellent defender . Ganso , Oscar . We have a very young team , but it 's playing at a high level and gives us big hope for a victory . " However Ronaldo also advised Neymar , who plays for Brazilian club Santos , to sign for a European club and help him join the level Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are playing at . "  I think Neymar still has a phase to compete -- to play in Europe and triumph playing in Europe , " added the Brazilian great .	Former Brazil striker picks Messi ahead of Portugal forward as world 's best player Three-time winner of Ballon d'Or and double World Cup winner confident Brazil will be great hosts in 2014 The 35-year-old says young players like Neymar , Pato and Thiago Silva give Brazil hope of victory
CNN  -- Heavy rain halted play on the second day of the RBC Heritage in South Carolina on Friday . Players were called off the course at 3pm local time and with little sign of a change in weather proceedings were called for the day just over 90 minutes later . Play is scheduled to resume early Saturday for all 64 players who failed to complete their second round although the rain is not expected to let up overnight . Korea 's K.J. Choi ended the day as leader in the clubhouse after scoring a morning round of 67 which leaves him at five-under-par for the tournament . Choi leads Robert Allenby by a stroke , although the Australian has completed just five holes of his second round card . Overnight co-leader Matt Kuchar made double-bogey on holes four and six before play was halted , dropping him down to joint 16th position at one-under-par . Kuchar 's first round co-leaders , Scott Langley and William McGirt also fell away at the beginning of Friday 's round . Langley , who started the day at five-under-par , dropped all the way to even before recovering to finish the day three-under , where he is now tied for third place with Luke Donald , Billy Hurley III , Bo Van Pelt and Ben Martin . Langley , Donald and Hurley all completed their rounds for the day while Martin and Van Pelt have played through holes four and five respectively . Westwood out in front in Malaysia On the European tour , meanwhile , Lee Westwood stretched his lead on day two of the Malaysian Open in Kuala Lumpor . The Englishman , a former world No. 1 , followed up his opening round of 65 with a 66 to end the day four shots clear of European Ryder Cup teammate Nicolas Colsaerts . The Belgian was tied for second with 327th-ranked Antonio Lascuna of the Philippines , who finished 90th in the Kuala Lumpur tournament last year . Elsewhere on the course , a bizarre incident saw Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal attacked by giant hornets forcing him to take off his top and jump in a lake to escape the stinging swarm . Remarkably , Larrazabal emerged from the water to birdy the hole he was on when the attack occurred -- the 14th -- then completed his second round in four-under-par 68 , which meant he made the halfway cut of the European Tour event . Read more : How many more majors can Bubba win ?	Adverse weather halted day two of the RBC Heritage in South Carolina K.J. Choi ended the day as leader in the clubhouse with a morning round of 67 A chasing pack including Australia 's Robert Allenby will aim to complete their second round on Saturday morning
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called on Tuesday for a short-term agreement to put off deep cuts to government spending , including the military , set to take effect next month . Obama made his pitch in a statement to reporters at the White House , urging Congress to pass a measure that would offset some of the imminent automatic spending cuts -- known as sequestration -- that were part of a 2011 debt ceiling deal . The president made clear that he still wanted a broader deficit reduction agreement with Republicans that included spending cuts , entitlement reforms and increased revenue from eliminating some tax breaks . However , Obama said , with time running out before the sequestration cuts slash government spending and result in job losses and economic slowdown , Congress should pass a temporary fix that will allow time for further negotiations on a broader plan . "  Our economy right now is headed in the right direction and it will stay that way as long as there are n't any more self-inflicted wounds coming out of Washington , " he said . "  So let 's keep on chipping away at this problem together , as Democrats and Republicans , to give our workers and our businesses the support that they need to thrive in the weeks and months ahead , " he added . Before Obama spoke , House Republican leaders slammed him for failing to produce a budget proposal the day before , which they said is a long-standing deadline to do so under federal law . We care : Cantor wants to give GOP a ` makeover , ' change the message In the 2011 debt ceiling deal that ended a showdown over whether to increase the federal government 's borrowing limit to meet its obligations , Congress and the White House agreed to include the automatic spending cuts of sequestration as motivation to pass a comprehensive deficit-reduction plan . Deep partisan divisions prevented such an agreement from happening in 2012 , an election year , leading to the impending sequestration cuts this year . The government has already delayed the impact of sequestration for the first two months of 2013 . On Tuesday , Obama said he still supported a broader deal and made clear that revenue from tax reform measures previously agreed to by Republicans -- such as eliminating some loopholes to increase revenue for the government -- should be part of it . However , he noted that it was unlikely Congress would reach a deficit-reduction deal by March 1 to render the sequestration cuts moot . "  If they ca n't get a bigger package done by the time the sequester is scheduled to go into effect , then I believe that they should at least pass a smaller package of spending cuts and tax reforms that would delay the economically damaging effects of the sequester for a few more months until Congress finds a way to replace these cuts with a smarter solution , " Obama said . ` Without questions ' : Reid says more revenue needed to fix budget problems Earlier , House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , reacted to news of Obama 's plan by saying it was the president who "  first proposed the sequester and insisted it become law . " Reiterating the longstanding position of Republicans in budget negotiations , Boehner called for replacing the sequester plan with spending cuts and what he called reforms -- a reference to changes in popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . A last-second agreement in the previous Congress that passed in the first days of 2013 raised tax rates on top income earners as part of a limited deficit-reduction package . That measure followed weeks of tough negotiations involving Obama and Congress in which other steps to increase government revenue , such as eliminating some tax breaks for corporations , were considered but not included in the final deal . Obama and Democrats now want such revenue-raising steps to be part of a package that would replace the mandated deficit reduction of the sequester cuts . Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky expressed his opposition to such a move Tuesday , saying "  the American people will not support more tax hikes in place of the meaningful spending reductions both parties already agreed to and the president signed into law . " Federal spending cuts under sequestration total more than $ 1 trillion over 10 years , half of which would come from the Pentagon . It 's your fault : How our ` tribes ' help create gridlock in Congress Military officials have warned that those cuts , on top of steep budget reductions already in the pipeline over the next decade , would be devastating to its operations as well as the civilian economy that depends on defense-related jobs and spending . Obama 's push to avoid the sequester cuts comes a week before he outlines his second-term agenda in the State of the Union address . Congress , which authorizes federal spending , has failed to pass detailed annual budgets in recent years due to partisan gridlock over spending and debt , as well as electoral politics . Instead , it has approved a series of extensions of past spending authorizations -- called continuing resolutions -- to keep the government funded . During his first term , Obama 's annual budget proposals prompted immediate opposition from Republicans -- and Democrats at times -- that rendered ineffective the early year exercise of outlining his spending priorities . The plan for temporarily extending the sequester deadline follows a similar move by congressional Republicans last month on raising the nation 's debt ceiling . That deal put off further wrangling on the federal borrowing limit until mid-May . Some analysts warn that Washington 's fiscal paralysis harms the nation 's fragile economy and could bring another recession . Short-term approaches like the recent debt-ceiling measure and now Obama 's push on the sequester cuts allows more time for negotiations on a possible broader deal that would address all issues at once .	NEW : Avoid "  self-inflicted wounds " out of Washington , President Obama says Obama says sequester cuts will hurt the economy Steep spending cuts from a 2011 debt-ceiling deal will impact the government March 1 The cuts were intended to force a broader deficit reduction deal that never happened
Across the U.S. , many families know firsthand how high maternity care costs are . As noted in The Times recently , giving birth in the U.S. is more expensive than any other country in the world . Total costs average $ 18,329 for a vaginal delivery and $ 27,866 for a C-section , with the bulk of the bill going to insurers . However , families with insurance still have to pay about $ 3400 out of pocket . What 's ironic is we ca n't even claim that the extra expense pays off in healthier mothers and babies . According to a study by the Institute of Medicine , the U.S. ranks at or near the bottom on virtually all maternity care outcomes . So who 's to blame for these high costs ? Partly , mothers themselves . Americans are obsessed with the notions that "  newer is better " and "  more technology is always a plus . " When it comes to medical technology , the U.S. public becomes Oliver Twist , continually asking , "  Please , sir , I want some more . " I was part of a team that recently conducted a pair of national surveys of mothers . Among the many questions , we asked if mothers agreed with the statement , "  Newer maternity tests and treatments are generally improvements over older ones . " An overwhelming majority of mothers  74 %  agreed while only 10 % disagreed . Likewise , when given the statement , "  Maternity tests and treatments that work the best usually cost more than those that do n't work as well , " mothers were twice as likely to agree than disagree . Mothers were also far more likely to agree that women get too few tests during pregnancy rather than too many . "  Newer equals improvement " and "  More is better than less " have long been effective marketing themes in American culture . But the problem is that in the case of medical technology , the results do n't consistently bear that out . While other countries have set up elaborate systems to assess new medical interventions for their cost effectiveness compared to existing practices before approving them , until recently that has not been a priority in U.S. medical care . The result is that public infatuation with newer technologies merges smoothly with the medical industry 's desire to profit from providing more services . A prime example of this problem is the failure to take advantage of midwife-led birthing centers . These have been found in the U.S. and overseas to be a safe and cost effective alternative to universal reliance on large hospitals . Freestanding birthing centers  as opposed to hospitals which refer to their maternity ward as a "  birthing center "  are usually directed by midwives and are affiliated with hospitals that serve as a referral site for transfers . The cost savings stem from less reliance on expensive medications and technologies , a shorter stay  mothers typically return home within 24 hours  and lower personnel costs . While the numbers of birthing centers have increased in the last decade , less than 1 in 300 U.S. births occur in a center . How come ? Consider who loses money if birthing centers become popular : Large hospitals , pharmaceutical companies , obstetricians and anesthesiologists -- all powerful groups who believe deeply that the use of their products and services is not only a source of income , but the safest option for mothers and babies . The result is that an array of regulatory  restrictive state licensing laws  and financial barriers  denial of insurance coverage  combined with informal constraints  hospital refusal to provide backup  limit their use . Freestanding birthing centers are n't for everyone . They are meant to serve women with lower risk pregnancies and there 's about a 1 in 8 chance a woman would need to be transferred to a hospital during labor . Nonetheless , it is of concern that so many women who are interested in it are denied an option that can provide a safe and far less expensive experience for mothers and babies . Medical technology has done wonders for our lives , especially in select , high-risk cases . But rising maternity care costs reflects the downside of our societal obsession with newer , bigger and shinier technology . The U.S. needs to seriously rethink how we approach maternity care . The first question that needs to be addressed is : Do more tests and reliance on the biggest , most expensive hospital settings actually improve the health of mothers and babies ? When they do , great . But when they do n't , we need to overcome the financial , institutional and cultural barriers to use reasonable options like birthing centers .	Eugene Declercq : U.S. maternity care costs are the highest in the world Declercq : Partly , the problem is that Americans are obsessed with newer technologies He says more tests , reliance on big hospitals do not improve health of mothers and babies Declercq : Look to midwife-led birthing centers as a safe and cost effective alternative
CNN  -- It says something about the popularity of "  Dancing With the Stars " that the show 's professional dancers have become almost as famous as the celebrities they 're paired with . Mark Ballas and Shawn Johnson celebrate after winning last season 's "  Dancing With the Stars . " Take Mark Ballas , who last season waltzed and tangoed his way to a first-place finish with Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson -- his second mirror ball trophy since he joined the hit series in 2007 . At just 23 , Ballas is already recognized on the street , he 's in a band with fellow "  Dancing " pro Derek Hough , and he 's thinking about branching out into acting . For the new season of "  Dancing With the Stars , " which begins Monday , Ballas is paired with Melissa Joan Hart , best known for her roles in the television series "  Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " and "  Clarissa Explains It All . " Ballas spoke to CNN about his new celebrity partner , his training routine and whether former "  American Idol " judge Paula Abdul could find a new home on the show . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : What is Melissa Joan Hart like as a dancer ? Mark Ballas : She 's doing really well so far . I think she 's going to shock a lot of people , and I think they will love her personality . She 's really bright and bubbly . CNN : Does she have any dancing experience ? Ballas : No , she 's never danced before . I mean , she took a couple of ballet classes when she was a child , but everyone 's done that . She 's never danced like this before , so it 's been a bit of a learning curve for her , but hopefully she 'll smooth it out . CNN : Did you know who she was before you were matched ? Ballas : Oh , yeah . I used to watch her shows all the time when I was younger . I would watch "  Clarissa Explains It All " and "  Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " after school . CNN : Do you get any input in what celebrity you are paired with ? Ballas : No , we get no choice whatsoever . It 's basically -LSB- dependent on -RSB- whether they think our personalities will be compatible and also on height . You have to be the right height , because if someone is 6 feet and your partner is 5 feet , it wo n't work out . CNN : How do you choreograph dances ? Do you like to use certain routines over again ? Ballas : I start fresh every time . Having a good song is definitely helpful , and when you get a new song , it 's really inspiring and makes you want to move , and that 's the fun of it . You always want to keep things fresh , and I always keep challenging myself , like how can I outdo what I did last time ? CNN : The facial expressions seem so important in ballroom dancing . How do you teach that to your celebrity partners ? Ballas : That 's something you ca n't teach . Obviously , you explain what the dance is and how you have to act and what you should be thinking , but you do n't choreograph facial expressions . That 's got to come from the heart and the soul , and you just have to feel it . CNN : If you have a celebrity partner like Kim Kardashian , who was criticized for being wooden on the dance floor , is there anything you can do ? Ballas : The best thing to do is to make them feel comfortable . Kim got very shy when the cameras were on , and she would always dance a lot better off camera . But sometimes , dancing just is n't for certain people . Kim and I had a great time together and still are good friends to this day . But dancing was n't her thing , she just did n't take to it . CNN : Do you keep in touch with your former partners ? Ballas : Yes , I talk to Shawn -LSB- Johnson -RSB- and Kristi Yamaguchi all the time ; I talked to Kim Kardashian about an hour ago . We stay good friends . Kristi Yamaguchi was amazing to work with -- great temperament , really eager to learn , she was like a machine . Kim Kardashian was a doll . We talk all the time , we hang out when we can , she 's a lot of fun . Shawn Johnson was just a joy to work with , from start to finish . Just an absolute sweetheart . We had a lot of fun , we laughed a lot . CNN : A lot of people were surprised that actor Gilles Marini did n't win last season . What 's your take on that ? Ballas : I definitely feel that Shawn was the better dancer . Gilles was a great performer , but technically -- if you were looking at technique and you 're looking at dancing -- Shawn was the stronger dancer . Her routines were a lot harder , her technique was a lot stronger ... especially in the last four weeks . I definitely feel like it was a fair result . CNN : Your father , Corky Ballas , who is also a professional dancer , made quite a splash when he was paired with 80-something Cloris Leachman on "  Dancing " last year . Is he coming back to the show anytime soon ? Ballas : I hope so . It was a lot of fun having him around , and I thought he was amazing , of course . They were a great team , absolutely hilarious . I 'm sure if they ask him back , which I 'm hoping they do , that he would definitely come back . CNN : There were some suggestions that Paula Abdul might join the show as a judge . What do you think about that ? Ballas : I think that Paula would be great as a contestant . If she wanted to be on our show , she should come on to compete and be partnered with one of us . As far as the judges , I love our judges . I think our judges are great , and I think we 've got a great system , and I do n't think there would be any need for an extra judge . I love Paula -- I 've met her several times because "  American Idol " is right next door to us . I would love for her to come on the show and be my partner . CNN : Are you recognized on the street ? Ballas : I have loads of people come up to me . They ask questions about the season . It 's really nice , and I really appreciate it . CNN : Your fellow pros on "  Dancing , " Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Karina Smirnoff , broke off their engagement recently . Is that going to affect the show in any way ? Ballas : We 're all very professional . These things happen . It will definitely not affect the show , we 'll keep on dancing . You wo n't even be able to tell . I 've talked to Max several times . He 's doing OK . These things are never easy , and Max is a dear , dear friend of mine . I 've known him for 13 years . CNN : What are your career goals beyond dancing ? Ballas : I 'm actually a guitar player and a singer/songwriter . I studied musical theater and music and vocals . Anything to do with music is definitely a big goal of mine . I 've studied acting for 10 years , so I 'd love to do film at some point as well .	Professional dancer Mark Ballas is paired with Melissa Joan Hart this season The two-time champ of "  Dancing With the Stars " finds her "  bright and bubbly " Ballas : Paula Abdul would be great as a contestant , but is n't needed as a judge Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Karina Smirnoff 's breakup wo n't affect the show , he says
CNN  -- Bea Arthur , the actress best known for her roles as television 's "  Maude " and the sardonic Dorothy on "  The Golden Girls , " has died of cancer , a family spokesman said Saturday . Bea Arthur , right , with "  Golden Girls " co-star Rue McClanahan in June 2008 . She was 86 . Spokesman Dan Watt said that Arthur died Saturday morning at her home in Los Angeles , her family by her side . She is survived by her sons Matthew and Daniel and grandchildren Kyra and Violet , he said . No funeral services are currently planned , Watt said , adding that the family asked that donations be made to either the Art Attack Foundation or PETA in lieu of flowers . Arthur 's opinionated Maude first appeared on Norman Lear 's "  All in the Family " as Edith Bunker 's cousin , and was so popular that Lear created a spin-off series . In the '70s , "  Maude " was ahead of the social curve , tackling hot topics not usually mentioned on situation comedies -- pornography , race relations and , in an episode titled "  Maude 's Dilemma , " abortion . That episode spawned demonstrations and generated hate mail for Arthur -- when Maude and husband Walter  Bill Macy  decided on that episode they were too old to raise a child . But many saw Maude as an enduring icon for women 's liberation -- a big deal for the shy , Jewish girl born Bernice Frankel in New York City . During the Depression , Arthur 's family left the Big Apple and opened a clothing store in Cambridge , Maryland . By the time she was 12 , Arthur was nearly 5 feet , 10 inches tall , and self-conscious about her height . But she masked her insecurity with comedy and eventually returned to New York to study acting . Along the way , she had a short-lived marriage she never spoke about , but she kept the last name -- Arthur . The young Bea Arthur earned a living singing and doing stage work on Broadway and off-Broadway . Critics delighted in her haughty , serpent-tongued deliveries . Her first television appearance came in 1951 in a long-forgotten series called "  Once Upon a Tune , " but she quickly made a name for herself with appearances on "  Studio One , " "  Kraft Television Theatre " and "  The Sid Caesar Show . " Arthur drew attention in "  Threepenny Opera " on Broadway with Lotte Lenya , but she really turned heads in 1964 originating the role of Yente the Matchmaker in "  Fiddler on the Roof . " In 1966 , Arthur won a Tony Award for the caustic Vera Charles in the play "  Mame , " playing opposite Angela Lansbury in the title role . Eight years later , she reprised the role in the film version opposite Lucille Ball , but by then she was already well-established as Maude . Arthur left "  Maude " in 1978 , making television and some film appearances afterward . She starred in a short-lived series , "  Amanda 's , " in 1983 and then joined the cast of "  The Golden Girls " in 1985 with Betty White , Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty . Her role as Dorothy Zbornak gave Arthur her other major television success as one of four older women living together in Florida .  Getty played Arthur 's mother  . The role earned Arthur a second Emmy -- the first was for "  Maude . " Arthur left the show after Dorothy remarried at the end of the 1991-92 season . White , McClanahan and Getty continued for another season on the show , renamed "  The Golden Palace , " but the show lasted only one season without Arthur . Arthur entered semi-retirement after the show ended in 1992 , returning to television in sporadic guest appearances and appearing at several celebrity roasts . In the early part of this decade , Arthur appeared in several one-woman shows . Her last stage appearance was in 2006 . Her last television appearance was on "  The View " in 2007 .	Actress Bea Arthur dies of cancer at age 86 , spokesman says "  Maude , " "  Golden Girls " star was at home with family in Los Angeles Arthur is survived by two sons and grandchildren
Myra Hilliard heard it before she saw it : The roar of what she believes was a tornado forming in her Stedman , North Carolina , neighborhood on Tuesday . Then she opened her front door to see it chew through the tree line across the street from her house . "  I grabbed my phone , and I ran and jumped in the bathtub , " she told CNN . It was a scenario that played out repeatedly across the South as people were urged to keep an eye on the weather , with forecasters warning of tornadoes , high winds and hail spawned by storms that have left at least 35 people dead since Sunday . By Tuesday night , much of the fear of severe storms that could produce large tornado tracks in the eastern half of the United States , from Mississippi to New York , dissipated after the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center downgraded the threat . Some storm risks remain , including the possibility of large hail , damaging winds and flash flooding in portions of the South and East Coast , forecasters said . Mississippi and Alabama -- where tornadoes Monday caused widespread destruction and several deaths -- were again in the bull 's - eye for the worst of the forecast on Tuesday evening . A number of tornado warnings expired Tuesday night in North Carolina , where forecasters say the storm was barreling north . Authorities were assessing damage . Tens of thousands were without power in the South , where suspected tornadoes tore through homes and businesses late Monday . At least 17 people were killed in Mississippi , Alabama and Tennessee on Monday . Those deaths are in addition to 18 others reported in Arkansas , Oklahoma and Iowa from storms Sunday . Search and rescue efforts were still under way in Louisville , Mississippi , about 90 miles northeast of Jackson , where a tornado the day before flattened a day care center , said Robert Latham of the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency . Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said the twisters inflicted "  severe damage " in Louisville . Winston Medical Center , Louisville 's major hospital , was also among the buildings hit . "  One of the confirmed deaths we received is the manager of that facility , " he said , adding that search and rescue crews were still combing through the debris for possible victims . All the children have been accounted for , he said . Surprising tornado tidbits Meanwhile , the storm that walloped Mississippi and Alabama overnight was making its way through parts of Florida , Georgia and the Carolinas , according to the Storm Prediction Center . Get the fast facts on tornadoes ` It hurts to look ' Monday 's storms left a trail of damage through several Mississippi and Alabama communities . Mississippi authorities confirmed 12 deaths . Three people died in Alabama and two in Tennessee , according to officials . In Tupelo , birthplace of Elvis Presley , buildings near a major commercial district on the city 's north side were "  wiped away , " Scott Morris , a reporter for the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal , told CNN 's "  The Lead . " Numerous trees and power lines were down , and "  quite a few buildings are destroyed up there , " Morris said . The storm destroyed Britney Butler 's home in Tupelo , WMC-TV reported . "  It hurts to look , because I wo n't come home tonight , " said Butler , who still managed to smile after discovering her dog had come out unscathed . "  Oreo means the most to me . " As things got ugly , Matt Laubhan , the chief meteorologist at Tupelo television station WTVA , took charge . He ordered station staff to take cover before walking off the set himself . "  Basement . Now ... let 's go , " Laubhan said . Two people died in Lincoln County , Tennessee , near the border with Alabama . Part of an elementary school there was torn away , the building 's roof was ripped off and the storm hurled a school bus into the school , CNN affiliate WSMV reported . The bus and school were empty at the time , the station said . Power outage safety tips Alabama also hit hard One of the three Alabama deaths was a 21-year-old University of Alabama student from Tupelo , according to the school . Jon Servati was a member of the school 's swimming and diving team , the school 's athletic department said in a statement . He died from injuries suffered at an off-campus home , the school said . The other two deaths came at a trailer park near Athens , about 22 miles west of Huntsville . The storm reduced a complex of houses and duplex apartments in the town to rubble . Downed power lines and gas leaks made the area dangerous , CNN 's Brian Todd reported from Athens . Authorities in Limestone County , where Athens is located , asked people to stay off roads wherever possible Tuesday . Emergency crews need unimpeded access to roads , and extensive damage and downed power lines make travel hazardous , authorities said in the message transmitted by the National Weather Service . How you can help In Jefferson County , Alabama -- site of the state 's largest city , Birmingham -- a fire station was hit , as was a church . People were trapped for a time in the church , but no one was seriously injured , Horace Walker , a spokesman for county 's emergency management agency , told "  New Day . " About 90,000 homes and businesses were without electricity Tuesday afternoon , according to Brian Corbett of the Alabama Emergency Management Agency . About 10,000 customers remained without power around Jackson , Mississippi , Entergy Mississippi reported . Video : See meteorologist take cover Act II Monday 's storms were Act II of a powerful weather system that brought punishing thunderstorms to the central United States . Suspected tornadoes spawned by those storms on Sunday killed 15 people in Arkansas , two in Iowa and one in Oklahoma , authorities in those states reported . Sunday 's hardest-hit area was Faulkner County , Arkansas , where a suspected tornado shattered homes , tossed tractor-trailers and killed 11 people in the towns of Vilonia and Mayflower , including one death newly reported by authorities on Tuesday . Two children were among the dead . North Carolina cleans up from twisters See a rare tornado in Northern California	A slight risk of severe weather remains for some , forecasters say Forecasters downgrade the threat for overnight hours At least 12 storm-related deaths in Mississippi , official says Tens of thousands remain without power after Mississippi , Alabama storms
CNN  -- Comfortable . Minimalist . Safari . Mullets . These are just a few of the themes that have bubbled to the surface since New York Fashion Week ended Thursday and the roundups started pouring in . Like most of us living outside the bubble , I relied on fashion magazines , blogs , phlogs , Tumblrs and tweets to stay abreast of the action . Here 's a sampling of what I 've gleaned . Starting from the end of the week-long event , Racked brings us a video love letter via Vimeo of dancing models and Fashion Week attendees . It 's a good point of entry into the asymmetric shapes , colors and silhouettes swirling around the various Fashion Week venues the past week . As for a roundup of roundups , British Elle breaks down the major style trends and designers to dominate the runways , from pastels and prints to modern grunge meets sportswear . Refinery29 tackles the same theme with more pretty images . Then there are the looks that are so bizarre they ca n't be replicated off the runways , perhaps with the exception of wet mullets . Otherwise , Fashionista has the rest of them in its list of runway trends you should not try at home . For a quick day-to-day look , go to New York magazine 's "  Five Things " series and catch up on the looks and the gossip encircling the shows . Rounding out the random top 10 lists : best nail art . For the sartorially minded male with a lot of time on his hands , Esquire has a 72-image slideshow of best pieces from the shows , as chosen by editors of its Style Blog . There 's also an abbreviated list of stuff they 're coveting now , like neon suits , wedges and varsity jackets . Speaking of men 's style , we published this in-depth story on how sites like Park and Bond and CLAD are banking on the stereotype that men do n't like to shop in stores to draw an audience for full-priced luxury brands . Oftentimes , the parade of attendees outside the shows are just as visually stimulating as the ones on the runway . Images from GQ 's street style series and Citizen Couture 's spotlight on fashion week could easily be mistaken for a fashion shoot , although it helps that everyone 's so attractive . For a culinary twist on the action outside the shows , makeup artist Annamarie Tendler teamed up with comedian Aziz Ansari to document visits to their favorite restaurants on her Tumblr . Since it 's fashion week , they dress for the occasion . No fashion week coverage would be complete without putting the spotlight on one of the most famous names in fashion . Marc Jacobs sat down with CNN 's Alina Cho to talk about being the creative director of Louis Vuitton and the possibility of working for Christian Dior . For more on the mainstream tip , CNN looks at J. Crew as America 's iconic fashion label and how it 's making a comeback . That 's it for now . Next up : London Fashion Week !	Pastels and prints among recurring trends at this year 's New York Fashion Week Wet mullets among trends not recommended for trying off the runway Neon suits , wedge sneakers grace runways in menswear shows
Amsterdam , Netherlands  CNN  -- The problem has become so complicated , that perhaps only a child can solve it . An 11-year-old Dutch boy , Jurre Hermans , entered a serious economics competition with a plan for bringing the Greek economy back from the brink . In the end , Hermans , the youngest ever to enter the Wolfson Economics Prize , received a 100 euro voucher for his original idea -- conceived on the notion of exchanging debt for slices of pizza . Maybe Washington can invite him for some budget brainstorming . Meanwhile , Europe 's crisis goes on , still in need of creative solutions . Beyond the placid old Amsterdam canals , the bustling bike lanes and the quaint tulip fields , roils a furious debate about the future of the Netherlands . On the surface , the issue is what to do about the budget deficit . In reality , it is about whose life will become more difficult . Who will pay more ? Who will receive less ? It is a question coming soon to a deficit-spending country near you : the United States . In other parts of Europe , in places like Greece and Spain , similar discussions have toppled several governments and have escalated into huge , sometimes violent protests , as people lash out in frustration against government decisions they find intolerable . I believe that some time next year , with the election in the past , when either Barack Obama has started his second term or Mitt Romney has finished unpacking in the White House , Americans , too , will discover that budget debates are not just academic exercises or political theater . It 's a good bet that just as Europe has come up against the reality that deficits can not grow forever , so too will America . Investors , who have taken losses in the European debacle , will start looking at America 's books , questioning its solvency , and demanding change . The European economic crisis has unfolded most dramatically in Greece , where the economy has plunged into a depression . With its budget deficit and national debt rising out of control , the Greek government sought help from the eurozone , where rich countries demanded stark austerity measures in exchange for a bailout . Greece , like other countries in Europe , had given up its own currency in exchange for the euro , so it did not have the option of printing more money or devaluing the currency to pull itself out of the mess created in part by politicians who gave voters what they wanted without troubling to bring up the unpleasant fact that someone , sooner or later , would have to pay . Today , the Greek people are enduring economic pain that makes America look like a paradise of prosperity . Unemployment stands at 21 % , wages are collapsing for both government and private sector workers . A series of new taxes have been imposed , including a "  solidarity " tax , new property taxes and higher self-employment taxes . The VAT , a national sales tax on all transactions , has jumped from 13 % to 23 % . The minimum wage has been been sharply cut . Poverty has increased dramatically . After all that , Greece is still required by European rules to cut another 4.7 % of gross domestic product from its budget , equivalent to the United States suddenly cutting more than $ 700 billion . Even if it achieves those goals , or rather because it will enact such draconian cuts , the Greek economy is expected to sink deeper . The European economic pact requires countries to keep their budget deficits below 3 % of GDP . That became increasingly difficult as the world entered a recession . In Greece 's case , the government had been concealing its deficit spending . In other countries , especially those that relied heavily on real estate , home prices collapsed , and tax revenues declined , opening up the budget gap . The Dutch economy , one of the healthier ones , now faces a 4.6 % deficit . There 's talk of across-the-board pay freezes and even more social safety-net cuts , among other ideas . Unemployment is just 6 % , but the country has returned to recession . In Spain , the government wants to avoid requiring a bailout the way Greece , Ireland and Portugal have . The newly-installed government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy needs to slash the budget by 5.5 % of GDP , even more than Greece . Spain expects unemployment , already the worst in the developed world , to go over 24 % this year , about the same experienced by the United States during the Great Depression . The European crisis is far from over , but it already has important lessons for the United States , where federal deficit figures are treated as poison darts to be thrown among politicians , rather than as an important problem needing adult solutions . The top three lessons from Europe are these : â $ cents Deficits matter and sooner or later will have to be cut â $ cents Trying to cut deficits in the middle of a recession makes the recession worse â $ cents When the cutting starts , it will cause major social and political upheaval , as well as very real pain . Unlike most European countries , the United States has the luxury of printing money and borrowing almost at will . The crisis in Europe has actually made it more attractive to lend to the United States , so it 's easy to pretend the deficit and the debt do n't matter . But America 's deficit of about 10 % of GDP and debt of $ 15 trillion , roughly 100 % of GDP , can not go on forever . Interest payments on the debt already consume more than $ 200 billion each year , and the debt is rising at blinding speed . The United States was right to deal with the recession first before tackling the longer term problem . Europe is proving what the Hoover administration already showed in the 1930s , that cutting spending in a recession is counter-productive . But , with the economy recovering , the time will soon come for the difficult decisions : Will the government cut defense spending , Social Security , or Medicare ? Or perhaps other programs that keep millions out of poverty ? In the Netherlands , the ruling coalition has been brought to the edge of collapse over the choices . The far-right politician Geert Wilders demanded huge reductions in foreign aid . There is also talk of ending the mortgage tax deduction , along with other tax increases . Social services have been reduced and food banks say they have seen an "  explosion " in the number of clients . And the government is still looking for more cuts . The choices go to the heart of a nation 's character . Voters in the United States should insistently demand that presidential candidates say exactly what they will do about the deficit . They should also demand that politicians at long last resolve -- not just debate -- the problem . Will politicians behave responsibly ? If you hear anyone say tax cuts alone will get the economy growing and fix the problem , do n't believe it . Economists say spending cuts and tax increases are necessary . If adults wo n't face up to the truth , maybe it 's time to bring in the children for new ideas , and for a reminder of what 's at stake . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : The pain of budget cutbacks is being felt in many parts of Europe She says in reality the decisions are about who will pay more -- and receive less America has rightly been spared budget cutbacks in the midst of a recession , she says Ghitis : The U.S. debt is growing at unsustainable pace , day of reckoning is coming
CNN  -- India 's most famous sportsman Sachin Tendulkar will retire from cricket after playing his 200th Test match , he announced Thursday . It will bring down the curtain on a glittering career which has seen him score a record 100 centuries in Tests and one day internationals since making his debut for India in 1989 . "  It 's been a huge honor to have represented my country and played all over the world . I look forward to playing my 200th Test Match on home soil , as I call it a day , " the 40-year-old said in a statement . Tendulkar , who has played in a record 198 Test matches , can reach the 200 mark in a two-match series against the West Indies next month . "  All my life , I have had a dream of playing cricket for India . I have been living this dream every day for the last 24 years . "  It 's hard for me to imagine a life without playing cricket because it 's all I have ever done since I was 11 years old , " he added . The President of the Indian Cricket Board of Control , N Srinivasan , paid tribute to Tendulkar 's record breaking feats . "  He is without doubt the greatest cricketer India has produced , " he said . "  He has been an inspiration for generations of sportsmen not just cricketers . We respect his decision to retire although many of us ca n't imagine an Indian team without Sachin . " Tendulkar , a right handed batsman , will go down in history for his incredible run scoring feats , including a record 15,837 runs to date in Test matches , over 2,000 more than his closest rival , former Australian captain Ricky Ponting . In one-day internationals , Tendulkar amassed 18,426 runs , nearly 5,000 runs clear of Ponting 's second best tally . Tendulkar retired from one day internationals in December 2012 and an earlier announcement that this season would be his last in the lucrative Indian Premier League  IPL  , a Twenty20 competition , paved the way for his decision Thursday to retire from all forms of the game . Fittingly , Tendulkar helped the Mumbai Indians franchise win this year 's IPL title and also played a key role as India won cricket 's World Cup on home soil in 2011 . He captained his country 98 times in Tests and one day internationals and aside from his batting feats also claimed 45 Test wickets and 154 victims in one day internationals as a bowler . Tributes to him quickly flowed on social media , with England batsman Kevin Pietersen tweeting : Sachin # 10dulkar - Undisputed Champion of Cricket ! #SachinTheGreat . Former Australian star Dean Jones made the following prediction : What odds for Sachin to score a Test ton in his last Test ? #goodchance . If Tendulkar achieved that feat it would be his 52nd in Tests and all of India will be hoping he can reach the magic three figures just one final time in his farewell matches .	Sachin Tendulkar announces retirement from cricket 40-year-old Indian legend holds record for most runs scored in internationals Tendulkar will quit after playing his 200th Test match next month He has scored 100 centuries in Tests and one-day internationals
Columbia , South Carolina  CNN  -- It 's September of 2014 , but Bakari Sellers is already getting calls and visits from the small crop of Democrats considering a 2016 presidential bid . Few voters outside South Carolina have heard of him . But he 's a young star in the state 's Democratic party , and as a key political figure in a pivotal early primary state , Sellers could play an outsized role in electing the next President . When Barack Obama won South Carolina 's 2008 presidential primary in blowout fashion , boosting his campaign after a devastating blow in New Hampshire , Sellers , then a 23-year old first-term state legislator , was in the crowd at his victory party , beaming . Sellers co-chaired Obama 's campaign in the early primary state , helping the then-senator go from long-shot to history-maker after vanquishing Hillary Clinton in the heavily African-American state . For Obama , having the Sellers name on his campaign steering committee did n't hurt : Bakari 's father , Cleveland Sellers , is a civil rights icon in the state , jailed in the aftermath of the 1968 "  Orangeburg Massacre " in which three black students were killed by police . Today , at the advanced age of 29 , Sellers is serving his fourth term in the state house â $ " and he 's being courted by the small crop of Democrats considering a 2016 presidential bid , including Vice President Joe Biden and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley . Hillary Clinton has yet to come calling , but the Ready For Hillary super PAC , eager to co-opt some of Obama 's 2008 magic in South Carolina , recently invited Sellers to headline a fundraiser for the group . Related : In South Carolina , Clinton 's forces try to tap Obama magic But before the presidential campaign kicks off , Sellers has his own race to run . He 's on the ballot for lieutenant governor this fall , running against Henry McMaster , 67 , a former Attorney General and South Carolina GOP chairman . If he wins , Sellers would be the first African-American elected statewide since Reconstruction . But that 's a long-shot proposition for a Democrat in this GOP-leaning state â $ " and that historic honor will likely go to Sen. Tim Scott , an African-American Republican who is seeking a first full-term this November and is running against token Democratic opposition . Sellers can be unusually blunt when lamenting the lack of support that down-ballot southern Democrats receive from the national party and donors . But he 's still in frequent touch with Democratic players in Washington â $ " and will be in the 2016 conversation as a key endorser once the presidential primary season is underway . "  Hambycast " caught up with him at Lizard 's Thicket , a famous meat-n-three in South Carolina that 's also a gathering place for hungry political types . Or just people who want some fish and grits . Related : Martin O'Malley moving political staff to South Carolina	Hambycast is a weekly politics series featuring CNN 's Peter Hamby Bakari Sellers is a Democrat running for lieutenant governor in South Carolina Sellers , 29 , is serving his fourth term in the state house
CNN  -- Whoever is running the social media strategy for the New York Police Department needs to be fired because that person has no idea how to follow the rules of social media . On Tuesday , the NYPD 's Twitter account , @NYPDNews , asked New Yorkers to "  tag themselves " in photos with New York Police officers using the hashtag #myNYPD . Before midnight , more than 70,000 tweets containing photos or stories of police brutality flooded the Twittersphere , replacing #HappyEarthDay as the trending topic by late Tuesday evening . It was a disaster . Instead of igniting a positive viral PR campaign , a single tweet managed to set the NYPD 's reputation on fire . They should have seen this one coming . Twitter is a great tool to read breaking news , research prospective clients , connect with friends , discuss live events or gain access to your favorite celebrity . But it 's a terrible place to try to control a conversation because you simply ca n't . Social media disasters are becoming a regular occurrence . Remember the PR executive from media company IAC who sent out a racially offensive tweet and raised a firestorm ? Or when Burger King 's account got hacked and fake tweets referencing race and drugs were posted ? It 's like rubbernecking an accident on the highway -- we ca n't help but stare and comment before we move on with our lives . And while #myNYPD will be largely forgotten by you and me , the NYPD will feel the pain for months to come . Rule 1 : Every social media platform has a very specific demographic Facebook users are a different demographic than Twitter users , just as Pinterest users are different from Instagram users . Twitter users are the youngest demographic of all major social media outlets . If you tweet , you 're speaking to 18 - to 29-year-olds , not middle-aged moms on Pinterest and Facebook . And those millennials are unforgiving -- they care more about "  social expression " than "  social obedience , " which means they 'll tweet what they feel with no filter . Rule 2 : You will never control the conversation on Twitter Tweets are like roaches ; once you spot a contrarian or sarcastic reply , you know there are hundreds more right behind it , and there 's no way to exterminate them . If you need to control the conversation , use Facebook . On Facebook , you can delete individual comments that do not contribute to your overall social goal . On Twitter , the users are in control . Rule 3 : Social media is often ruled by the haters Social media is a love-hate world , and among your followers you 'll have just as many fans as foes . Even Starbucks , one of the most dominant brands in the United States , is probably publicly hated more than it 's praised . The NYPD has a well-organized social media savvy hater : Occupy Wall Street NYC . And they jumped all over #myNYPD using the Occupy Wall Street NYC Twitter account . In fact , they are credited with making the photos of the police brutality start to trend nationally . Rule 4 : If you ask people on social media what they think ... they 'll tell you People on social media are ruthlessly honest , way more so than they would be in person . Ask their opinion about your brand and you 'll get an instantaneous barometer  the good , the bad and the atrocious  . Forget the user-generated PR campaign . It 's better to monitor your reputation on Twitter using reputation management software and reply directly to people who tweet bad things about you . Rule 5 : The odds are not in your favor to get good news Despite the overwhelming success of viral positive news websites like Upworthy or Inspire52  disclaimer : I 'm the founder  , most content that gets shared online is negative , funny or sarcastic . And , unless you request that people tell you their positive experiences , research shows that humans are more likely to remember negative experiences . But obviously , there are exceptions , like NYPD 's Twitter fiasco . What 's the moral of this story ? If you want to use social media to promote a brand , either use the rules to pick the right platform and own the conversation or social media will own you . NYPD should have solicited feel-good user generated photos through a contest on Facebook , Instagram and Pinterest and then published them on Facebook where they could delete the negative and sarcastic responses . Now that you know the rules , answer this question : What do you think will happen if you invite the youngest and most urban demographic on Twitter  and Occupy Wall Street NYC who happens to follow you  to post photos of cops in New York City ? Unfortunately , common sense , safe driving and social media rules are a lot like deodorant , the people who need it the most do n't use it .	An NYPD social media campaign on Twitter backfired Mel Robbins : You ca n't control a conversation on Twitter She says social media is often ruled by haters , and people can be brutally honest Robbins : Moral of the story is that to promote a brand , you have to know the rules
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Personal details and photographs of the incoming head of Britain 's international spy agency have been posted on Facebook , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband acknowledged Sunday . The UK 's Foreiogn Office says foreign service staff should exercise caution on social-networking Web sites . But he insisted that no compromising information had been revealed . "  You know he wears Speedo , swim , swimming , swimsuit ... I mean what is that ? I mean , that 's not a state secret , " Miliband said on a BBC Sunday morning talk show . The man in question , John Sawers , is currently the British ambassador to the United Nations . His wife posted details about their family , vacations and residence on the social-networking site , British media reported Sunday . Her Web site has since been taken down , reports said . Have you ever posted something you later regretted on a social-networking Web site ? Sawers "  was appointed 10 days ago to be the head of MI6 , " said Miliband , using the common term for the Secret Intelligence Service . "  He is an outstanding professional who will do a really good job in an outstanding organization that does a huge amount for this country , " Miliband added . "  The fact that there is a picture , the head of MI6 goes swimming . I mean , wow ! That really is exciting . It is not a state secret . " But intelligence analyst Glenmore Trenear-Harvey said the leak was at least an embarrassment and possibly much worse . "  Have you ever seen the foreign secretary more embarrassed ? " he asked rhetorically . "  The Foreign Office should have made the announcement that no personal details should have been left on any computer or directory , " Trenear-Harvey told CNN . The leak compromises Sawers ' personal security , said Trenear-Harvey , the editor-in-chief of "  The World Intelligence Review . " "  You could have someone come online and insinuate themselves with Lady Sawers ' daughter , " who reportedly appeared on the Facebook Web site . If she shares a computer with her father at home , "  the house could pick up a virus , and once that happens we have access to the next chief of the Secret Intelligence Service , " the analyst said . An additional reason for red faces is that Sawers will be in charge of a new British cybersecurity organization when he becomes head of MI6 , Trenear-Harvey pointed out . The new organization , based at GCHQ , another British intelligence agency , will be "  charged with making sure that all the intelligence services are not vulnerable to hacking , identity theft , or phishing , " Trenear-Harvey said . This is not the first time a top British intelligence official 's personal details have been leaked . When Richard Dearlove became the head of MI6 in 1999 , "  his address in Putney was announced , " forcing the government to put Special Branch police officers there to protect him , Trenear-Harvey said . And when Stella Rimington became the first publicly named head of MI5 , the domestic security agency , in 1991 , her north London address was revealed . "  She and her daughter fled the house and were put into an MI5 safe house , " Trenear-Harvey said . Foreign service officers "  are advised to exercise caution " on social-networking Web sites , a Foreign Office representative said , declining to be named , in line with government policy . Sawers , 53 , is a career foreign policy expert . He was a foreign policy adviser to Tony Blair when Blair was prime minister , then became ambassador to Egypt and briefly represented Britain in Iraq . He was political director at the Foreign Office for four years before going to the United Nations in 2007 , according to his biography on the Web site of the British mission to the U.N. . He is slated to replace John Scarlett in November as head of MI6 . As chief of SIS , he reports to the foreign secretary , according to the SIS Web site . "  Known as the Chief of SIS or ` C '  after the first Chief , Mansfield Smith Cumming , who signed himself ` C '  , the Chief is the only serving member of the Service who is officially named in public , " according to the agency . Facebook claims to have "  over 200 million active users . " -- CNN 's Ashleigh Nghiem contributed to this report	NEW : Analyst : Leak is an embarrassment at the least , possibly worse Wife of new spy chief John Sawers posted family details on social networking site Foreign Office : Foreign service officers advised to exercise caution on Web sites UK foreign minister : It 's not a state secret that he wears Speedo swimsuits
CNN  -- The powerful but compact Hurricane Raymond drifted toward southern Mexico 's Pacific coast Monday evening as it dumped heavy rains north of Acapulco , forecasters reported . At 8 p.m.  11 p.m. ET  , Raymond was a Category 3 storm -- a major hurricane -- with top winds of 120 mph  193 kph  . After sitting still for most of the day , it began moving slowly toward shore and was centered about 135 miles  217 kilometers  west-southwest of Acapulco , the U.S.-based National Hurricane Center reported . It had weakened slightly and its worst punch remained far out to sea , since hurricane-force winds extended just 25 miles from the eye . It was moving eastward at 2 mph , and its movement over the next day was expected to be "  slow and erratic , " forecasters said . The hurricane center predicts Raymond will lose steam Tuesday and turn westward into the Pacific Ocean on Wednesday . But before then , it 's projected to dump 2 to 4 inches of rain on the coast , and there may be areas in Michoacan and Guerrero states that receive as much as 8 inches . "  These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , " forecasters noted . A hurricane warning was posted for about 140 miles of coast , from the city of Lazaro Cardenas to Tecpan de Galeana , about 65 miles north of Acapulco . The warning means winds of 74 mph or higher are expected in the next 36 hours , and the storm could produce produce "  significant coastal flooding " and "  large and destructive waves , " the hurricane center said . A hurricane watch and tropical storm warning was posted from Acapulco to Tecpan de Galeana , meaning hurricane conditions are possible within two days , and winds of 39 mph or higher are expected within 36 hours . Raymond quickly strengthened overnight off the south-central coast , which was was hit hard by another storm in September . That storm , Manuel , triggered deadly mudslides and left about 40,000 tourists stranded in Acapulco , a popular tourist destination . On the other side of the continent , meanwhile , a tropical depression in the Atlantic Ocean has become Tropical Storm Lorenzo , the hurricane center said Monday . The storm was 635 miles east-southeast of Bermuda on Monday evening , moving into the deep Atlantic . The storm had top winds of 40 mph , and it was moving north-northeast at 7 mph . Lorenzo was expected to start fading Wednesday without reaching hurricane strength , forecasters projected . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Raymond weakens slightly as it moves toward shore Top winds are 125 mph , but hurricane-force winds reach only 25 miles from the eye The storm is centered about 135 miles off Acapulco and is expected to turn west Tropical Storm Lorenzo forms in the Atlantic , drifts toward open sea
CNN  -- Imagine taking the best characters and elements of your favorite fictional universe and weaving them into a new story that captures the imagination of fans . In the dark , cinematic "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " Batman must escape from a spooky psychiatric hospital . That 's what Emmy-winning TV writer Paul Dini did in creating "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " a video game coming out in late August . Buzz is building online for the dark , cinematic game , which reimagines a brooding Batman and his most notorious nemesis , the Joker , for an experience that 's reminiscent of "  The Dark Knight " blockbuster movie . You want mayhem , insanity and brutality ? Get ready for all of it . "  This is the Batman movie I would have liked to have written , " said Dini , who was scheduled to discuss the game during a panel Saturday at Comic-Con International , the huge celebration of comic-book culture in San Diego , California . "  This is him with all the good stuff . " The atmospheric game pits Batman against Joker in a battle of wits and brawn after the Clown Prince of Crime traps the Caped Crusader inside Arkham Asylum , Gotham 's psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane . After the trap is sprung , the Joker releases the inmates , including some of Batman 's most ferocious enemies : Bane , Harley Quinn , Mr. Zsasz , Poison Ivy and Killer Croc . Batman has appeared in video games since 1986 , but none as ambitious or complex as "  Arkham Asylum , " which draws much of its inspiration from the character 's comic mythology . The game will be released for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Microsoft Windows . It 's being developed by Rocksteady Studios and will be published by Eidos Interactive in conjunction with Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment and DC Comics .  Warner Brothers Interactive Entertainment is a division of Time Warner , which owns CNN . As the lead writer for the game , Dini said he was given a clean slate to work from . Because there was no movie , graphic novel or comic tie-in to follow , he was able to create an original story . Dini 's familiarity with the main character may help win the hearts and wallets of gamers . Winner of five Emmy awards , Dini has worked on Batman comic books and written episodes of "  Batman : The Animated Series " and later , "  Batman Beyond . " Dini , who has also written for the ABC-TV hit "  Lost , " said he was influenced by Batman lore from character creator Bob Kane , the Batman comics of the 1960s and the Dark Knight graphic novels of Frank Miller . In creating his story 's look and tone , Dini said he chose his favorite elements from different incarnations of Batman . For example , the game emphasizes Batman 's intellect and use of technology by solving puzzles with the help of such tools as X-ray scanning and a pheromone tracker . "  Detective work is a crucial game element , " Dini said . "  There are a lot of forensics aspects to the story . " If you 're expecting a Heath Ledger-like Joker in "  Batman : Arkham Asylum , " you may be disappointed . With his less-smudgy makeup , spiky green hair and maniacal cackle , Dini 's creation looks and acts more like earlier versions of the iconic villain . Kevin Conroy voices Batman in the game , while the Joker is voiced by Mark Hamill , known to millions as Luke Skywalker in the "  Star Wars " movies . Conroy and Hamill were scheduled to join Dini at Comic-Con this weekend . Both actors also did the voices in "  Batman : The Animated Series , " making the game feel very familiar . Sterling McGarvey , a senior editor for G4TV , said the game 's developers were smart to rely heavily on the animated TV series . "  An entire generation of Batman fans grew up with the animated Batman , " he said . "  It is a beloved , storied franchise with very few good games . " The Internet is full of videos showing glimpses of the game , including movie-like trailers , demo gameplay , characters and layouts of Arkham Asylum . Among Batman fans and gaming reviewers , early reviews have been strong . Brian Crecente , editor-in-chief of Kotaku.com , said he likes the way the developers combined elements to create the ultimate Batman from the fans ' perspective . "  Part dark , broody Batman , part serious crime fighter , but also part detective , " Crecente said . "  Batman has this huge universe . Why not cherry-pick the best stuff and put it in the game ? " A key character in the game is Arkham Asylum itself , with its spooky corridors and Gothic architecture . Dini loves its "  mix of dark , creepy , steam punk and Victorian " and calls it the perfect location in Gotham City for the gameplay . "  It is a totally over the top mansion with gargoyles on the inside , " added Crecente . "  Very cool . " Dini heaped praise on how the developers made his story come to life . He hopes fans who know Batman will love how familiar it feels , while gamers will love the action . "  Fans of the canon will be happy , " McGarvey agreed . "  But the game was designed more for the Batman fan than a hardcore gamer . " Crecente describes the game 's combat as fluid and quick , with a martial arts feel . Acting as Batman , players will be able to hide in the shadows and stealthily take out their enemies . All the gaming mechanics in the world wo n't save Batman unless fans get drawn into the story . Remember Lego Batman ? But Dini seems confident that gamers will respond to his vision . "  Nobody loves a good Batman story more than I do , " he said .	Online buzz is strong for upcoming "  Batman : Arkham Asylum " video game Lead writer Paul Dini and others discuss the game at Comic-Con this weekend The game reunites a brooding Batman and his most notorious nemesis , the Joker There 's no movie or comic tie-in to follow , so Dini could create an original story
CNN  -- Unlike al Qaeda , the Pakistani Taliban organization has shown little appetite for taking its brand of jihadism beyond the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Maybe that 's changing . Certainly that 's the case if the messages from the organization 's leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , are to be taken at face value . "  From now on , " he says in an audio message said to have been recorded in April , "  the main targets of our fedayeen -LSB- fighters -RSB- are American cities . This good news will be heard within some days or weeks . Today onwards , the direction of our jihad is American states and cities . Inshallah we are successful in this mission and objective . " The Pakistani Taliban , also known as Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP , does not lack a motive to lash out . In recent months it has come under increasing pressure as the United States has intensified drone strikes and the Pakistani army has carried out offensives against the group deep inside its safe haven in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Officials are keeping an open mind about any link between the Taliban and the failed car bombing in New York last weekend . Within hours of the incident , an audio message purportedly from Qari Hussain Mehsud  a senior member of the TTP  claimed responsibility for the attack . "  This attack is a revenge for the great and valuable martyred leaders of mujahedeen , " he said . At first intelligence analysts discounted the message  not least because of specious claims by the group in the past  , but as more information emerged about the incident , it has received renewed attention . Very occasionally in the past the TTP has made threats about launching attacks overseas . Before he was killed by a drone strike last year , the group 's then leader , Baitullah Mehsud  no direct relation to Hakimullah or Qari Hussain  told reporters : "  Very soon we will take revenge from America , not in Afghanistan but in Washington , which will amaze the entire world . " And he added : "  The maximum they can do is martyr me . " They did -- but not before Mehsud made an outlandish claim that the TTP was responsible for a shooting rampage in Binghamton , New York , that left 13 people dead .  A Vietnamese immigrant carried out the attack before killing himself . The question for counterterrorism officials now is whether the threat by Hakimullah Mehsud to attack targets in the United States is bluster or carries real menace . The TTP was officially formed in 2007 when a number of hard-line Islamist groups demanding the introduction of Sharia law in Pakistan came together in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . They had already murdered scores of tribal elders to clear the area of rival authorities . The TTP 's ambitions were at first confined to the tribal territories bordering Afghanistan . But by 2009 it was challenging Pakistan 's heartlands and its establishment , with attacks on police academies , government buildings and army convoys as far away as Lahore and Rawalpindi . It has also cooperated closely with the Afghan Taliban and attacked NATO convoys and pre-positioned supplies on their way to Afghanistan . But it was the Taliban 's widening campaign against the state that led the Pakistani army to launch major offensives last year in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan . There has been just one documented example of the TTP showing more global ambitions . On January 19 , 2008 , 12 Pakistanis and two Indians were arrested in Barcelona , Spain . Ten were charged -- along with another suspect later detained in the Netherlands -- with involvement in a conspiracy to carry out suicide bomb attacks on Barcelona 's subway system . Several of the conspirators had arrived from Pakistan in the weeks before they were arrested . Soon after their arrest , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said : "  The Barcelona cell appears to have ties to a terrorist training network run by Baitullah Mehsud . " Several months later a TTP spokesman , Maulvi Omar , acknowledged in a video , "  The one in Barcelona was conducted by 12 of our men . They were under pledge to Baitullah Mehsud , and TTP has already claimed responsibility because of Spain 's military presence in Afghanistan . " The 11 ultimately charged were convicted and sentenced to jail terms of eight to 10 years in December last year . Much of the prosecution 's case was based on an informant inside the cell who said he had been trained in the use of explosives in Waziristan , the TTP 's stronghold before the Pakistani army offensive . To date , the Barcelona case remains the only credible example of the TTP 's capability to take its fight overseas . But other Pakistani groups have shown an ability and desire to broaden their targets . Lashkar-e-Taiba recruited American David Headley to reconnoiter and plan an attack on the offices of the Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 . He was arrested on his return to the United States last year -- before any attack was carried out -- and pleaded guilty to charges connected to the conspiracy . Headley also confessed to involvement in reconnaissance for the Mumbai attacks by Lashkar in November 2008 . For its part , the TTP has developed both its alliances and capabilities closer to home , most notably joining forces with al Qaeda for the attack on a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan that killed seven CIA employees and contractors last December . And last month it launched a complex but unsuccessful attack on the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar . Intelligence analysts believe that as the attempted car bombing in Times Square was so poorly executed , it would be surprising if the TTP were closely involved .	Officials keep open mind about any link between Taliban and failed New York car bombing Pakistani Taliban occasionally has made threats about launching attacks overseas Just one example of global ambitions has been documented
Islamabad  CNN  -- A Muslim cleric leading a self-proclaimed movement to clean up politics in Pakistan by throwing out the current leaders in favor of a caretaker administration called on thousands of supporters to join his campaign . "  It 's the beginning of the revolution , " Tahir ul Qadri told a rally in Islamabad . "  Dissolve federal and provincial governments by tomorrow morning ; otherwise , the public will force them to step down ! " Qadri urged the demonstrators to remain in the capital until they achieve their goals . "  Now and onward , you have to take care of Islamabad , " he said . He referred to President Asif Ali Zardari as ex-president and to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf as ex-prime minister . "  Today , the president and the prime minister have become ex as  they  wo n't have their government tomorrow , " he said . The rally was held Monday night in Islamabad 's "  blue zone " in the center of the capital . Qadri spoke early Tuesday . The group 's numbers fell far short of what organizers of the "  Million Man March " had predicted , with witnesses estimating that some 20,000 people took part . Many more followed the event on television as the participants , led by Qadri , headed toward Islamabad with police and soldiers lining the rally route . Video showed a convoy of buses , vans and cars packed with participants waving the national flag en route to the capital . Some joined the procession on foot . Qadri , who traveled in a bulletproof van , has promised a Pakistani equivalent of Egypt 's Tahrir Square protests . When the marchers arrived at the rally site , near Parliament and the presidential home , they joined more than 1,000 other protesters who had arrived earlier in the day as part of a demonstration calling for cleaning up national politics before elections this year . "  We want change in the establishment and we want to save our country , " one man told CNN affiliate GEO TV . Read more : Muslim scholar 's fatwa condemns terrorism After eight years in Canada , Qadri returned last month to Pakistan , where he is waging a campaign against the political elite . Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik , who visited rally sites Monday by helicopter , said the turnout numbers showed that Qadri 's event had "  badly failed . " Read more : Islamic scholar who condemned terrorism : ' I am not afraid ' "  We want change ! We want change ! " chanted some demonstrators prior to Qadri 's speech . One man in a male-only area told GEO TV viewers watching at their homes that change does not occur while sitting down . "  We all must rally and come together for change and a better future and stronger Pakistan , " he said . One female protester , rallying in the space provided for women and children , said she was prepared for a long demonstration . "  We have come here with our bedding and food supplies , " she told GEO TV . "  We will stay here for as long as it takes to change the present situation in Pakistan . " Qadri has called for a caretaker administration to replace the current government and to carry out election reforms . His suggestion that the judiciary and the military weigh in on the composition of the interim government has raised concerns in a country where military leaders have repeatedly seized power and ruled for long periods of time . Some Pakistanis , noting that Qadri served as a lawmaker in the early 2000s , when Gen. Pervez Musharraf was leading the country , have suggested he may be working on behalf of the military . Read more : Why Karachi 's violence should n't define city Qadri maintains that he is simply seeking to ensure a corruption-free electoral process . The current government and opposition have both rejected his requests for a caretaker administration , insisting that nothing will stand in the way of timely elections and the democratic process . "  We will not succumb to these illegal demands , " Malik said last week . Party withdraws support The only political party that had supported Qadri 's demonstration , the Mutahida Qaumi Movement , withdrew that support last week . The movement is a coalition partner in the current government . If this year 's elections take place without major difficulties , it would represent the first time in Pakistan 's history that a civilian government would have made it through a five-year term . Supporters say that Qadri aims to effect positive change . Corruption is widely considered a chronic problem in Pakistan 's political system ; President Zardari has served prison time on corruption charges . The problem appears to be regional . Qadri 's campaign comes more than a year after anti-corruption demonstrator Anna Hazare roiled Indian politics with a hunger strike that called for the introduction of strong anti-graft measures . Qadri gained worldwide attention in 2010 when he declared a fatwa , or religious ruling , on terrorism and said it "  can not be permissible in Islam . " That occurred during his time in Canada , when he spoke out in videos and books . His supporters also point to his Lahore-based religious welfare organization , Minhaj ul Quran , which promotes "  true Islamic teachings . " According to its website , it has up to 280,000 members worldwide and works to build schools around the country to teach the Quran . CNN 's Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong , and Mark Morgenstein updated from Atlanta . CNN 's Aliza Kassin , Saima Mohsin and Nasir Habib also contributed to this report .	A convoy of protesters reaches Islamabad Monday night after a long march The rally in the "  blue zone " protests the current political system The demonstrators are led by a Muslim cleric who recently returned to Pakistan He says he wants to clean up politics , but the government says his demands are illegal
Washington  CNN  -- Two senior state officials in New Jersey are vehemently denouncing allegations of political strong-arming in the governor 's name , the latest in a series of controversies lashing the Christie administration . Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno publicly denied an assertion by Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer that she conditioned Superstorm Sandy recovery money last year on Zimmer 's support for a redevelopment project backed by Christie . Zimmer said the ultimatum came down in a parking lot and involved a project proposed by a real estate developer , the Rockefeller Group , with ties to Christie . She said Guadagno invoked Christie 's name in laying out the condition for storm relief and has relayed her story to federal prosecutors . "  Mayor Zimmer 's version of our conversation in May of 2013 is not only false but is illogical and does not withstand scrutiny when all of the facts are examined , " Guadagno said at a Martin Luther King Jr. event in Union Beach . Zimmer , a Democrat , also said Community Affairs Commissioner Richard Constable made a similar demand regarding storm aid and the real estate plan . He called the allegations "  patently false and absurd on their face . " Constable added that he welcomes a "  full and thorough law enforcement review of her libelous claims . " Zimmer said she stands by her account , remains "  willing to testify under oath , " and will answer any questions from the U.S. Attorney 's Office . "  The bottom line is , Anderson , I mean , she came and she said this to me , you know , and I stand by my word , " Zimmer told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Monday night , referring to her conversation with the lieutenant governor . "  She said she would deny it and she 's denying it , " the mayor said . Fuel on the fire The accusations over the weekend added fuel to a political and legal firestorm that has consumed the Christie administration in recent weeks , mainly over suggestions top aides and advisers to the governor orchestrated traffic jams around the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee last year to punish that town 's mayor for not endorsing Christie for re-election . A state legislative committee investigating that matter issued subpoenas last week to key Christie appointees , some of them still in their jobs and others who have recently left . U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman 's office is also looking into the matter . Christie has denied knowledge of the alleged bridge scheme that gained steam this month with the release of explosive e-mails between Christie appointees before , during and after the September traffic fiasco . Having made his mark as a brash politician with cross-party appeal , Christie is viewed as a potential front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , if he decides to run . But the unfolding scandals have raised questions about his political and management style in a state where Democrats dominate at the local level . Despite the unfolding political turmoil at home , Christie remains popular out of state . He spent the weekend in Florida raising money for Gov. Rick Scott , who is running for re-election . Zimmer 's accusation Hoboken , a historically working-class town on the banks of the Hudson River made famous by favorite son Frank Sinatra , has experienced a resurgence in recent years . New development , cleaned up parks and neighborhood charm marketing nostalgia have boosted its image and attracted new residents and business . Zimmer , elected in 2009 as the city 's first female mayor , said Guadagno approached her and told her that supporting the development project by the Rockefeller Group was critical for Hoboken receiving Sandy aid . Guadango said her dispatch was "  a direct message from the governor , " Zimmer told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . It 's "  stunning " and "  outrageous , " but true , Zimmer said . "  I stand by my word . " Zimmer told MSNBC on Saturday that three days after her run-in with Guadango , Constable delivered a similar message , that "  money would start flowing " if she supported the project . Christie scandals : What you need to know Zimmer met with Fishman 's office for several hours at its request Sunday and provided prosecutors with her journal , which contained information about the parking lot episode . Guadango said she recalled having a conversation with Zimmer that day , but she remembered Zimmer arguing that Sandy recovery aid and redevelopment were the same issue , according to a source close to Guadagno who was not authorized to speak publicly . "  Kim remembers in their conversation that she was talking about redevelopment and making investments in Hoboken . She remembers Zimmer pressing Kim for money for Sandy . Kim remembers saying you ca n't tie the two together , " the source said . "  And she remembers Zimmer continuing to press and showing her a map of the city and pressing for aid for Sandy . " Zimmer disputes that account and provided CNN with letters that she said back up her case . On April 23 , she sent a letter to Christie 's office that she argued says development and Sandy aid should not be connected . "  Just as shore towns are not being asked for development in exchange for protecting them from future storms , the solution to Hoboken 's flooding challenges can not be dependent on future development , " the letter read . She sent another letter to his office on May 8 asking for help with funding pumps . Zimmer 's conversation with Guadango happened just days later and the mayor said she believes the two events are related . "  When you look at all of the events together , you can see that it was a progression . It was a progression of pressure and she was sent in to really make that final message to me , " Zimmer told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Guadagno spoke Monday before mayors whose towns were also affected by Sandy , a storm of historic proportions that heavily damaged shore and waterfront areas up and down the mid-Atlantic coastline . The federal government authorized billions in aid . "  Frankly , I 'm surprised that Mayor Zimmer has chosen to mischaracterize a conversation I had with her about development and job creation in Hoboken , " Guadagno said in remarks that appeared carefully planned to discredit Zimmer 's allegations . Christie aides push back Christie spokesman Colin Reed said it was "  categorically false " that Sandy funds were withheld . "  It 's very clear partisan politics are at play here as Democratic mayors with a political ax to grind come out of the woodwork and try to get their faces on television , " Reed said in a statement . Building their case against Zimmer , Christie 's administration hosted a conference call for reporters Monday defending how Sandy funds were allocated . Marc Ferzan , executive director of the Governor 's Office of Recovery and Rebuilding , said that her accounting is "  a mischaracterisation . " After Sandy , Hoboken was 80 % underwater . Zimmer said it received about $ 300,000 of the roughly $ 100 million in state funds the city requested for flood prevention . Ferzan said Hoboken has been approved for nearly $ 70 million in aid . But that aid was given mostly to individual residents and small businesses , not the city of Hoboken . The Hoboken allegation is the second to surface regarding Sandy money . A federal watchdog , the inspector general for the Department of Housing and Urban Development , is looking at protocols around state spending for a marketing ad for Sandy recovery featuring Christie and his family . The Christie administration went with a firm that charged twice as much to produce the spot as another bidder . Christie marches on as controversy at home unfolds Ad firm head : We were asked about using Christie in post-Sandy campaign A different account The governor 's spokesman also said the mayor and Christie have had a "  productive relationship , " noting an August tweet by Zimmer saying she 's "  very glad Gov. Christie has been our governor . " Zimmer admitted to supporting Christie in the past , saying she is not a part of "  the Democratic machine . " But her comments over the weekend are a change from what she told CNN last week . She said then that she did n't think Sandy funds for her city were tied to any instance of political retribution . "  I do n't think it was retaliation , and I do n't have any reason to think it 's retaliation , but I 'm not satisfied with the amount of money I 've gotten so far , " Zimmer said . She did not mention her concerns about the redevelopment project . But Sunday morning , Zimmer told CNN she did n't speak out before because she did n't think anyone would believe her . CNN received images of journal entries that Zimmer said she wrote at the time . In one , Zimmer writes that the conversation with Guadagno left her upset and shattered the image she had of Christie . "  I thought he was honest , I thought he was moral -- I thought he was something very different , " the journal entry says . "  I am so disappointed -- it literally brings tears to my eyes . " See the journal entries CNN exclusive : Port Authority job created for Christie ally , source says Debate about redevelopment Zimmer 's allegations center on a property owned by the Rockefeller Group , which had a plan for redevelopment of a three-block area of Hoboken that was rejected by the city 's planning board . Instead , the panel voted to classify the area owned by the company as available for "  rehabilitation , " which results in fewer tax incentives . Aides and advisers to Christie have ties to Wolff & Samson , the law firm representing The Rockefeller Group . Wolff & Samson lobbyist Lori Grifa was a former commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs , and Wolff & Samson 's David Samson is chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and was appointed by Christie . Samson was recently served with a subpoena in the George Washington Bridge case by an investigative committee seeking relevant documents . Another investigation ? The chairman of the Democratic-led investigative committee tasked with looking into the George Washington Bridge scandal weighed in as news of the Hoboken allegations spread . New Jersey Assemblyman John Wisniewski said in a statement that the allegations were serious and have "  certainly attracted our attention . " "  I think what we 're going to do first is have a conversation with her to make sure that we understand all of the accusations being made , " Wisniewski told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  She 's the first one to make a specific allegation about a specific event with somebody in particular in the governor 's administration . I do n't think it would be appropriate for the committee to rush to any conclusions , " he said . CNN 's Chris Frates , Steve Kastenbaum and Dana Davidsen contributed to this report .	NEW : Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer provides letters she believes backs up her case NEW : "  It was a progression of pressure , " she tells CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " New Jersey Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno says accusations by Hoboken mayor are "  illogical " Gov. Chris Christie 's office played politics with Sandy funds , Zimmer says
CNN  -- Why is goal line technology not used by football ? Is Africa 's hosting of the 2010 World Cup a step in the right direction ? Are the world 's best players being asked to compete in too many global competitions ? These are just some of the issues that may be puzzling you about the beautiful game . Well worry no more because here is your chance to quiz the man in charge of global soccer , Sepp Blatter , the head of world football 's governing body FIFA . CNN will speak to Blatter in an exclusive interview at FIFA 's headquarters in Zurich , Switzerland on Monday 29 March where we will ask him the questions you want answered -- just add your query to the bottom of the page . Are you a World Cup super fan ? Represent your team Joseph  Sepp  Blatter , a former Swiss amateur footballer , was voted in as the FIFA president in 1998 before securing a second term in office in 2002 , and a third in 2007 . His tenure has seen him lead world football through three World Cups -- the fourth will kick off on June 11 in Johannesburg 's Soccer City stadium -- five Confederations Cups and the creation of the World Club Cup which has taken place annually since 2005 . The 74-year-old has been heavily involved with charitable programs during his presidency . These include UNICEF 's "  Say Yes for Children " campaign , which aims to increase awareness of children 's rights , and the more recent "  1Goal " program , that seeks to increase education opportunities in Africa . Blatter was a key figure in securing Africa 's inaugural World Cup for 2010 after he introduced a system which saw each regional confederation take turns in hosting the tournament . The soccer chief has also courted controversy during his 12 years in charge , most recently by ruling out the introduction of goal line technology into the game . "  The application of modern technologies can be very costly , and therefore not applicable on a global level , " Blatter told FIFA 's official Web site . "  Many matches , even at the highest level , are not even televised . The rules need to be the same for all association football matches worldwide . " Blatter has views on the English Premier League 's domination of the global game . "  In France they have an expression ` l'appetit vient mangeant ' -LSB- the appetite comes with eating -RSB- . It means when you are at a good table you like to eat more and more and more . And this is the success story of the Premier League , " he told a FIFA meeting held in Northern Ireland in March 2009 . The Swiss administrator has also condemned the hold big clubs have over star players . When Spanish side Real Madrid were negotiating with Manchester United over the transfer of Cristiano Ronaldo , Blatter told British broadcaster Sky News : "  I think in football there 's too much modern slavery in transferring players or buying players here and there , and putting them somewhere . "	Your chance to quiz the boss of global soccer , the head of FIFA , Sepp Blatter Blatter , president of FIFA since 1998 , is leading body through fourth World Cup CNN will speak to Blatter in an exclusive interview in Zurich , on 29 March -- add your question
CNN  -- Ted Nugent sure knows how to stir controversy . The rock star turned provocateur has never shied away from controversy , from singing about having sex with underage girls in "  Jailbait " to calling people names . In case you missed it , Nugent 's most recent rant raised all kinds of red flags when he called President Barack Obama "  a subhuman mongrel . " But even as the self-proclaimed "  Motor City Madman " was called mad by critics , Nugent did n't appear to lose any support among fans or politicians . Some say Nugent amplifies Americans ' anger at Washington . But is he the voice of America ? The torchbearer for the disaffected ? "  There are reasons ... people listen to him , " Republican Sen. Ted Cruz , a tea party favorite , said . ` Dead or jailed ' It is n't like Nugent is ever short of anything critical to say about anyone with whom he disagrees . He has called Hillary Clinton a "  worthless b **** " and Obama a gangster . Nugent 's extreme speech has made a lot of eyes roll . And media outlets , including CNN , have been criticized for giving him a microphone . Two years ago , his comments at an NRA convention that he would be "  dead or jailed " if Obama were re-elected earned him a visit from the Secret Service . But this time , critics said Nugent 's statements went an insult too far . For the record , here 's what he said in an interview with Guns.com : "  I have obviously failed to galvanize and prod , if not shame , enough Americans to be ever-vigilant not to let a Chicago communist-raised , communist-educated , communist-nurtured subhuman mongrel like the ACORN community organizer gangster Barack Hussein Obama to weasel his way into the top office of authority in the United States of America . " Outrage ensued . Almost immediately , critics condemned his comments , calling for Nugent to apologize and for public figures to distance themselves from him . Texas Republican gubernatorial candidate Greg Abbott came under fire for campaigning with Nugent . Abbott 's likely Democratic opponent , Wendy Davis , called Nugent 's remarks -- and Abbott 's appearance with him -- an "  insult " to Texans . Abbott told CNN on Thursday there were no plans to campaign again with Nugent , but he did not rule it out completely . And Cruz , who told CNN he did n't agree with the rocker 's comments , left the door open for a possible future Nugent cameo for him . Nugent insists ` subhuman mongrel ' comments not racist ` Star power ' Republican strategist and former Romney adviser Kevin Madden said politicians "  assume this star power will help them identify with voters and help them get some headlines they might not get if it was just another boring political rally or public event . " That star power is built in large part on Nugent 's music career , which peaked in the late 1970s when his signature single "  Cat Scratch Fever " cracked the Top 40 and he was selling out arena-sized venues . The self-proclaimed "  Motor City Madman " released his greatest hits album in 1981 but that was followed by dwindling record sales . He served as a county sheriff in his native Michigan and became an advocate for gun rights , hunters and conservation . On an appearance on "  Late Night With David Letterman " in the 1980s , the rocker spouted statistics about gun ownership and crime and the motivations of an "  anti-gun cause . " "  During the fall ... I do n't rock and roll , I like to harvest my own food , " Nugent added . He emerged on the national political scene with the rise of the tea party in 2010 . His politically incorrect comments on the music scene , once telling VH1 he had affairs with underaged girls , transferred to the political stage , where he became an outspoken opponent of Obama and the Democratic Party . The risks include the increased chance for negative headlines that could turn off a more mainstream audience . On the other hand , an appearance with Nugent might increase the candidate 's appeal to the rocker 's active supporters . Take for example the rocker 's appearance with Abbott at campaign events . The Times Record reported that attendance at Abbott 's event in Wichita Falls in northern Texas near the Oklahoma border "  increased significantly " with Nugent 's appearance . At home with the ` Motor City Madman , ' Ted Nugent Conservative appeal Ruy Teixeira , senior fellow at the liberal Center for American Progress , said that while Nugent is not in the political mainstream , he appeals to a segment of the population that some politicians feel they ca n't ignore . Nugent has a base among conservatives , and its size is not trivial , Teixeira said . Still , Nugent 's comments about Obama this time around drew criticism from within that base of support . Conservatives wrote opinion pieces , including one on CNN by conservative commentator Timothy Stanley , who said he is "  sick and tired of being embarrassed " by Nugent . Republican Sen. Rand Paul called on Nugent to apologize , which he did , sort of . In an interview on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront , " Nugent said he would "  stop calling people names . " "  Instead of using terms like ` subhuman mongrel , ' I 'm going to get right to the meat of the matter where our president is a liar . He lies about you can keep your doctor period . Over and over again he lies about Benghazi . He 's lying about the IRS , " Nugent said . When Nugent took to Facebook to tell his 1.8 million followers that he would continue "  to fight the enemies of America infesting our government , " the post received 50,000 "  likes . " In response to the latest controversy , Nugent wrote on his Facebook page : "  I seek no attention . I seek no media . " He says he wants to "  spotlight power abusers & gvt -LSB- sic -RSB- criminals ... to fight the enemies of America infesting our government . " That comment drew nearly 50,000 "  likes " and included comments of support such as the one from Dan Filkins , who wrote "  stand up and fight brother ... ted -LSB- sic -RSB- for president !!! " Nugent 's appearance with Abbott prompted cheers from fellow firebrand Sarah Palin . On her Facebook page , she decided to endorse Abbott , writing , "  If he is good enough for Ted Nugent , he is good enough for me ! " That comment received more than 20,000 "  likes . " Nugent sits on the board of the National Rifle Association and his vehement opposition to most restrictions on firearms attracts the support of many Second Amendment defenders . He also has support from some tea party advocates . Taylor Budowich , executive director of Tea Party Express , said he is pleased that Nugent apologized for the "  mongrel " remark and realized that inflammatory comments distract from his core message . He noted , however , that Nugent has support because he talks about the issues his tea party group cares about , including reducing the size of government and "  restoring America " after being "  hurt by this administration and past administrations . " But it 's more than the themes that attract people to Nugent , Budowich says , it 's how he says it . Politicians are politically correct and calculated , framing issues "  in a way that is least offensive , " Budowich says . But Nugent "  speaks a different language , " one to which many Americans can relate . He "  speaks from his heart , " Budowich said . But when asked about the offensive things Nugent has said , Budowich defended him , saying he does n't think Nugent is a hurtful person , just passionate . Nugent 's brother , Jeff , had a similar take . On CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront , " he said Ted 's latest comments were "  out of line , " but said his brother is passionate and provocative . "  So you put those two things together and it comes out the way you see it . I agree with him on some points , but I disagree vehemently on others . " Perry : Nugent 's comments ` should n't surprise anybody ' CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Jason Morris , Dana Bash and Alan Duke contributed to this story .	NEW : Gubernatorial candidate Greg Abbott says no plans to campaign with rocker Despite the controversies , Republican politicians continue to campaign with Nugent One Republican strategist said politicians must weigh the risks A tea party group said Nugent speaks in a way that appeals to people
CNN  -- Video of Oscar Pistorius re-enacting how he says he killed his girlfriend was illegally obtained by the Australian television network that aired it Sunday , a lawyer for the former Olympian said . The network says that is n't so . Channel Seven 's "  Sunday Night " included the video in an hourlong report on the case against Pistorius , who is on trial for murder in the February 2013 shooting death of Reeva Steenkamp . Pistorius , 27 , admits firing the bullets that killed Steenkamp , but he says he mistakenly thought he was defending himself from an intruder . Prosecutors say the two had an argument and he deliberately murdered the model and law school graduate , who was 29 . The video shows the disabled athlete walking on the stumps of his legs -- without his prosthetics -- while pretending to aim a handgun . Pistorius is also seen with his prosthetic legs , carrying his sister down a set of stairs , which is intended to demonstrate how he says he carried Steenkamp . There was no comment in court about the video during the trial Monday . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel seemed to be trying to bait a witness into mentioning it , which could have opened the door to having it admitted in court , said CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . But the witness , South African Paralympic team doctor Wayne Derman , did not refer to the video . After his testimony , lead defense lawyer Barry Roux indicated that he planned to close his case but wanted to consult Pistorius first . Judge Thokozile Masipa adjourned the court until Tuesday morning , when the defense is expected to rest . Video map of events The video was produced in October by a U.S. company hired by his defense team to help "  visually map the events on the night of the accident " in preparation for the trial , Pistorius lawyer Brian Webber said in a statement to CNN . The company , The Evidence Room , used the video to produce a "  forensic animation " of the fatal events , Webber said . The defense never introduced it into the ongoing trial . "  We wish to make it very clear that the material that has been aired was obtained illegally and in breach of the nondisclosure agreement with The Evidence Room , " Webber said . "  Its usage also constitutes a breach of privilege as this material was produced for trial purposes on the instructions of a commissioner , and the ownership of the copyright vests in the commissioner . No permission for the disclosure thereof has been given . " CNN reached out to representatives of The Evidence Room for comment Sunday , and a representative responded Monday that "  there will be no comment at this time pending the conclusion of trial . " The broadcast included an interview with Scott Roder , the investigator who produced the video . Webber accuses the broadcaster of illegally purchasing the video and of violating a promise not to air it until after the trial is concluded . The broadcast of the material is "  a staggering breach of trust and an invasion of the family 's privacy , " the lawyer said . "  Whilst we can not imagine how any of the footage would not support Oscar 's version , we will only be in a position to comment further once we have had the opportunity to study what has been aired , " he said . ` Heart of the case ' Mark Llewellyn , the executive producer for "  Sunday Night , " issued a statement defending the use of the video . "  We would not have run the footage if we thought we had obtained it illegally , " he said . "  The material shown on Sunday Night goes to the heart of both the prosecution and defense cases , including the account provided by Oscar Pistorius . " The video included Pistorius putting on his prosthetics to show how quickly he could do so after firing the gun . He is also shown rushing across the floor on his stumps when prompted , to demonstrate how fast he could move without his prosthetic legs . At the trial 's conclusion , the judge will have to decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a mistake or deliberately murdered his girlfriend . If Masipa does not believe the athlete thought there was an intruder , she will find him guilty of murder and sentence him to a prison term ranging from 15 years to life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . If Masipa accepts that Pistorius did not know that Steenkamp was the person he was shooting at , she could find him guilty of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , or acquit him , according to Phelps , the CNN legal analyst . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at Masipa 's discretion . CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Edwin Mesa and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	The defense expects to rest Tuesday , lawyer Barry Roux says Oscar Pistorius re-enacted his version of shooting on video The athlete is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp He says he shot Steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intruder
CNN  -- Since leaving government almost a decade ago , my analysis of matters Middle Eastern has been , well , annoyingly negative . And the reason ? Best summed up in a line often attributed to Groucho Marx but actually uttered by Chico : "  Well , who are you gon na believe , me or your own eyes ? " What I see is an angry , broken , dysfunctional region that wants to transcend itself and resolve the conflicts that hold it back , but just ca n't . And I 'm not at all sure there 's a whole lot America -- that indispensable nation -- can do about it . Here are my predictions for 2013 on some of the key issues . This year 's theme is muddle through -- neither breakthroughs nor breakdowns . Iran : 2013 -- The so-called year of decision -- war with the mullahs who rule Iran or the grand bargain -- will produce neither . President Obama will go to extreme lengths to avoid a military strike aimed at Iran 's nuclear program and will not greenlight an Israeli one . Without that go-ahead , the Israelis will continue to agonize but not act . And the mullahs will be smart enough not to brazenly give either Jerusalem or Washington an easy excuse to strike . Bottom line -- 2013 will be a year of diplomacy , not war . To borrow a conceit from my friend New York Times reporter Elaine Sciolino , 2013 will witness the Tom and Jerry game in which cat and mouse in the old cartoon continue a never-ending game of almost gotcha . Who knows ? If the Americans and Iranians try hard enough they might actually bump into one another and reach a limited deal to keep Iran a few more years away from getting enough uranium to make weapons . But if you 're looking for final closure on this one , go talk to Dr. Phil . Arab-Israeli peace : The sun , moon , and stars really are n't aligned on this one for a big breakthrough . Where should I start ? The January 22 elections in Israel will likely produce another Netanyahu government that has no incentive to destroy itself politically by tackling the big issues like Jerusalem and refugees , certainly not with the Iranian nuclear issue still open . And the Islamists -- Hamas and Egypt 's Mohamed Morsy  who can barely bring himself to talk about a two-state solution  are n't in the giving mood either . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas is too weak to initiate much . Bottom line -- The Americans will try and may succeed in getting the Israelis and Palestinians into a process to talk about borders and security . But the two-state solution is likely to remain too hard to achieve but too important to abandon . Persident Obama will probably not be earning his Nobel peace prize -- yet . Arab spring/winter : This is going to be a long movie . After all , it took the United States a century and half and bloody civil war to even begin to reconcile the promise of equality contained wiithin the Declaration of Independence with the legitimization of slavery contained in the Constitution , and we 're still not there yet . Still , nowhere in the Arab world do the trend lines look that hopeful . Neither in Egypt , Tunisia , Yemen , Libya , let alone Syria , do the Arabs have the three elements required to set their experiment with democratization and pluralism in the right direction : leaders who put the nation before their own political and religious parties ' interests , institutions that are seen as inclusive and legitimate , and a mechanism to ensure that polarization does n't spill out into the streets in violence . Bottom line -- Buckle your seatbelts . No immediate convulsions and catastrophes . But in the new Arab world with Islamists rising , the political space for the United States is going to get a whole lot smaller and the dangers to our diplomats much greater . The key question is at what point the bell will begin to toll for the kings and emirs in Jordan , Bahrain and Saudi Arabia , too . The good news : But all is n't totally gloomy . We 're out of or getting out of the two longest wars in our history , we 're reducing our dependence on Arab oil , al Qaeda has been weakened , and while we 're not safe we 're certainly safer here at home -- at least from foreign terrorists . Bottom line -- With the notable exception of killing Osama bin Laden , President Obama has n't had any spectacular successes in foreign policy , but more important , he has avoided spectacular failures . If he can continue to keep us out of trouble , particularly at a time when we need to be focused on repairing America 's broken house rather than chasing around the lands of Araby trying to fix everybody else 's , he 'll have done pretty well . And who knows , if he 's patient , maybe he 'll even be able to turn one of those Middle Eastern migraines and root canals into an opportunity or two . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Aaron Miller : Predictions for dramatic change in Middle East are likely to be wrong He says 2013 will be a year when U.S. avoids military action against Iran 's nuclear program Progress on peace negotiations between Israel and Palestinians seems unlikely , he says Miller : The lack of dramatic developments should be considered a positive
Oxford , Mississippi  CNN  -- The Mississippi man accused of making a potent toxin found in letters mailed to President Barack Obama and other officials will be held without bond pending a preliminary hearing later this week , a federal magistrate ruled Monday . Federal authorities arrested James Everett Dutschke , 41 , on Saturday on charges of possessing and using ricin after initially charging -- and then clearing -- another man with whom Dutschke has sometimes feuded . Wearing an orange jumpsuit , and his hands and feet shackled as he entered the courtroom , Dutschke told Magistrate S. Allan Alexander that he understood what he had been charged with . His attorney , George Lucas , told Alexander that they had not yet had time to go through the complaint . Alexander agreed to order Dutschke held without bond on grounds he could be a danger to the community or could try to run . She set a preliminary hearing for Thursday . Both Lucas and Assistant U.S. Attorney Chad Lamar declined to comment . While the eight-minute proceeding produced no new details , the public could learn more about the accusations when the criminal affidavit in support of the complaint is unsealed . That is now expected to occur at the preliminary hearing , according to the Justice Department . Dutschke 's arrest was the latest head-scratching twist in what could be a tale of small-town intrigue that blew up to become international news . The letters -- sent to Obama , Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi , and Sadie Holland , a local judge , arrived April 16 and touched off anxieties in Washington and elsewhere in the wake of the bombing of the Boston Marathon . The two incidents were unconnected , officials said . Before police settled on Dutschke as a suspect , they took into custody a Corinth , Mississippi , man named Paul Kevin Curtis , who makes his living impersonating Elvis , Buddy Holly and Randy Travis . Curtis vehemently denied sending the letters , said he was framed and identified Dutschke as a potential culprit . What is ricin ? The ties that bind Dutschke used to work for Curtis ' brother at an insurance company , under the direction of Curtis ' ex-wife . Curtis has said that while Dutschke worked for his brother , the two talked about collaborating on the publication of a book but later had a falling out . He has accused Dutschke of stalking him online , a claim the latter has denied . In an April 22 court hearing before the charges were dropped , Curtis said he was being framed and identified Dutschke as a potential culprit . Dutschke told reporters last week that he did not know Curtis well . "  He 's just a little nutty , " he said . "  I do n't have a relationship with him . " The ties that bind II So where do the lawmakers fit in ? Dutschke can be linked to Sadie Holland through her son , Democratic state representative Steve Holland . Dutschke failed in a bid as a Republican to unseat the younger Holland . As for Curtis , Sadie Holland presided over a 2004 assault hearing involving Curtis , who says he has been in jail "  over 20 times , " but never convicted . And Wicker ? Dutschke said he once met Wicker . Suspect No. 1 The letters read , in part : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " They were signed "  I am KC and I approve this message , " a source told CNN . Each letter had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address . The very next day , authorities arrested Curtis . His attorney , Christi McCoy , said he 'd been framed by someone who used several phrases Curtis likes to use on social media . The FBI said the letters tested positive for ricin , a toxin derived from castor beans that has no known antidote . The very next week , authorities dropped the charges against Curtis after they said they had new information . "  I think now , how many people are thrown in jail because of circumstantial evidence and someone can frame you that easily , " he told CNN last week after being cleared . Suspect No. 2 The feds then turned their attention to Dutschke . Agents searched his residence and former martial arts studio . Dutschke told CNN affiliate WMC-TV that he agreed to the FBI search "  to help clear my name . " "  I had absolutely nothing to do with those letters , " he said . Early Saturday , he was arrested without incident at home . He was charged with possession and use of a biological agent as a weapon in connection with the letters . More trouble This is n't his only brush with the law . Dutschke faces molestation charges in an unrelated case . According to a grand jury indictment handed up this month and obtained by CNN , Dutschke is accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16 . He has repeatedly denied the charges in interviews with local media and pleaded not guilty in court this month . Dutschke closed his tae kwon do studio after the allegations were made public . Dutschke was previously convicted on indecent exposure charges in another case and sentenced to 90 days in jail . A song in his heart As for Curtis , he told CNN he 's "  just glad it 's over . " When he learned Dutschke had been arrested , he took a deep breath and felt like "  a weight had been taken off . " "  I just want to return to my kids and my music , " Curtis said . During another interview with CNN last week , he said the public attention could "  thrust him into the limelight . " And then , at the urging of reporter Chris Cuomo , he burst into song . A rousing rendition of Randy Travis ' "  On the Other Hand . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo reported from Oxford , Mississippi ; Rich Phillips and Alina Machado from Booneville , Mississippi . Ed Payne wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Dana Ford and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : More details of investigation expected to be unsealed this week Magistrate orders James Everett Dutschke held without bond Dutschke is charged with possessing and using ricin as a weapon He is accused of sending letters containing ricin to President Barack Obama and others
CNN  -- It was a Cinderella story taken straight from the script of a Disney classic . On Friday , Charlie Beljan thought he was dying at the Magnolia Golf Course in Florida , with his professional golf career also about to take a potentially fatal blow . But two days later the American rookie was celebrating his first victory on the U.S.-based circuit , retaining his Tour card for 2013 after a win at the appropriately named Children 's Miracle Network Hospitals Classic . Beljan was taken to hospital after Friday 's second round suffering from an elevated heart rate and numbness in his left arm after finishing the day 's round as leader of the tournament . Ignoring advice from doctors to rest , Beljan played on over the weekend and carded a three-under-par round of 69 on Sunday , which secured him a two-shot victory over compatriot Matt Every . As Beljan celebrated with his seven-week old son on the 18th green a band played "  Zippity-Do-Dah " -- from the 1946 Disney "  Song of the South " -- and a wonderful day for the Arizona native was complete . "  Every day I drove underneath that Disney sign coming in here that said , ` Where dreams come true , ' and that 's just what happened this week , " the 28-year-old told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  And I 'm so grateful and so honored . " The win means Beljan will not have to navigate the PGA Tour 's offseason qualifying school . "  It was incredible , " Beljan said after picking up the eighth win of his pro career . "  I was happy that I was a PGA Tour champion . I was happy that my wife and my baby were here . It still is n't real . " The good news kept coming for Beljan , who also pocketed a winner 's check for $ 846,000 . "  You never know what 's going to happen in this game or in the game of life , " he added . "  You keep plugging away . " "  I believe that everything happens for a reason , and sometimes days like Friday were n't very enjoyable , but the score was wonderful , and I think it taught me that it does n't matter about your golf swing or your putting stroke . " "  I was literally fighting for my life and I just think that you ca n't ever give up . "	Charlie Beljan wins first PGA Tour event after being hospitalized The U.S. rookie suffered an elevated heart rate and numbness in his arm on Friday Beljan 's two-stroke win guarantees him a PGA Tour card for the 2013 season Beljan : "  I was literally fighting for my life and I just think that you ca n't ever give up "
CNN  -- Comedian Kathy Griffin will fill Joan Rivers ' stylish shoes as host of E! 's "  Fashion Police " in 2015 . Griffin will join Kelly Osbourne and Giuliana Rancic , who return to the panel along with a new face : celebrity stylist and television personality Brad Goreski of "  It 's A Brad Brad World . " "  Kathy just feels right , and Brad brings a fun , new voice to join Giuliana and Kelly in this ensemble , " said executive producer Melissa Rivers . "  I 'm excited to see where this panel takes this series my mother so adored in this next incarnation . " The new "  Fashion Police " panel will make its red carpet debut January 12 with Golden Globes coverage before turning its sights to the biggest red carpet and fashion events of 2015 , including the Oscars , Grammys , Emmys , New York Fashion Week and more . Goreski shared the news with fans on Twitter : "  I am SO excited to be joining @kathygriffin , @GiulianaRancic and @KellyOsbourne on @e_FashionPolice ! Ca n't wait to break it all down !! " Griffin , who has appeared on CNN as host of its New Year 's Eve special , celebrated the news in characteristic fashion in a statement . "  I get it ! These are some big shoes I 'm going to fill . Joan was truly one of a kind . Now I hope you will accept me for me . I 'm just Kathy . Did I say I 'm just Kathy ? I meant I 'm Kathy F *** ing Griffin and you celebrities better strap yourself in , as I am taking no prisoners . I am not holding back so DAMMIT let 's have some fun ! "	Comedian Kathy Griffin will begin hosting E! 's "  Fashion Police " in 2015 Celebrity stylist Brad Goreski will also join the red carpet team Kelly Osbourne and Giuliana Rancic will return
CNN  -- A Dutch couple kidnapped in Yemen last month pleaded for help in a video released on Monday . "  We have been kidnapped here in Yemen and we have a big problem , " said the woman in 90-second video posted online . The couple went on to say they had spoken to the Dutch ambassador to Yemen about the demands of their kidnappers , and are asking for help . A spokeswoman for the Dutch Foreign Ministry , meanwhile , released a statement saying : "  The Foreign minister announced on the Ministry 's Facebook page that the government is concerned about the safety of the citizens . The situation is being given the government 's full attention . The families of the abductees have been contacted . " The couple was kidnapped on June 15 as they were leaving their home in Hadda zone , one of the most secure locations of the Yemeni capital of Sanaa . They had gone missing for a week before the authorities were alerted and the Dutch embassy informed . Source : 3 European hostages released in Yemen A tribal leader involved in the mediation process told CNN that the health situation of the Dutch couple was stable although they are going through depression . "  The kidnappers are asking for a ransom but have yet to announce how much , " said the tribal leader who asked to remain anonymous due to sensitivity of the matter . The tribal leader said that the government has indirectly asked a number of tribal leaders to be involved in this case and to help in ensuring their safe release , adding "  our priority is the safety of the Dutch couple . " When contacted by CNN , the Yemeni Interior Ministry would not address who was behind the latest kidnapping . "  It is for the best interest of this case that comments are not given by the ministry . But I would like to assure that we are doing our best , " a senior official in the minister 's office said . The official would not say if the government had information on the whereabouts of the Dutch couple . Interior Ministry records show that some 35 kidnapping attempts have taken place in Yemen this year . Most of the victims have been released , all unharmed . Kidnapped Red Cross workers freed in Yemen Al Qaeda is believed to have been behind most of the kidnappings , including that of a South African couple in May . A Finnish couple and a Austrian who were kidnapped by tribesmen last December were released five months later following tribal mediation involving Oman . Last week , activists in Yemen launched an online signature campaign this week to exert some pressure on the Yemeni government to ensure that the disappearance of the Dutch couple is treated with care and caution . The Yemeni Journalist Syndicate  YJS  has condemned the kidnapping , saying that local groups are using the practice as a bargaining chip against the government .	The couple was kidnapped on June 15 as they were leaving their home in Sanaa A tribal leader involved in mediation says the couple is going through depression In a video posted online , the Dutch woman says "  we have a big problem " Government records show some 35 kidnapping attempts in Yemen this year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration approved a second vaccine intended to protect against cervical cancer . GlaxoSmithKline has manufactured a vaccine for the prevention of cervical cancer . Cervarix , manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline , was approved Friday for prevention of cervical cancer and pre-cancerous lesions caused by human papillomavirus  HPV  types 16 and 18 . The vaccine is approved for use in girls and women ages 10 to 25 years and is to be administered in three doses . After the initial shot , the second and third doses are to be given within six months . "  The licensure of Cervarix adds another option in the prevention of cervical cancer , " said Dr. Karen Midthun , acting director of the FDA 's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research . "  It has the potential to save lives from cervical cancer as well as reduce the need for biopsies and invasive procedures associated with the necessary follow-up from abnormal Pap tests . " According to GlaxoSmithKline , the vaccine is 70 percent effective against pre-cancerous lesions , regardless of HPV type . "  The vaccine contains two HPV types  16 & 18  responsible for the majority of cervical cancers in North America , " said Sarah Alspach , a GlaxoSmithKline spokeswoman . "  But approximately 25 percent of cervical cancers are caused by other cancer-causing HPV types . Cervarix has been shown to reduce the incidence of pre-cancers resulting from cancer-causing virus types beyond 16 and 18 . " The vaccine will be available this year , according to GSK , which did not divulge the price . Cervarix will be competing with Merck & Company 's Gardasil , the first cervical cancer vaccine , which won FDA approval in June 2006 . Gardasil , for girls and women ages 9 to 26 , prevents against cervical , vulvar and vaginal cancers and protects against HPV types 11 , 16 and 18 . Gardasil 's approval has been broadened by the FDA to include an indication for boys and young men ages 9 through 26 for prevention of genital warts caused by HPV types 6 and 11 . "  This vaccine is the first preventive therapy against genital warts in boys and men ages 9 through 26 , and , as a result , fewer men will need to undergo treatment for genital warts . " Midthun said . According to the Centers For Disease Control and Prevention , HPV is the most common sexually transmitted infection in the nation . More than 40 types of HPV can infect genital areas , according to the disease agency . But because many of them are not visible to the naked eye , most people who become infected do n't know it .	FDA approves GlaxoSmithKline 's HPV vaccine Cervarix is designed to help prevent cervical cancer Drug will compete with another HPV vaccine Merck & Company 's Gardasil Cervarix will be available later this year , according to GlaxoSmithKline
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The sponsor of a proposal to rein in aggressive celebrity photographers is meeting resistance from Los Angeles ' top cop , who says the law is not needed when celebrities just behave . Photographers swarm a car carrying Britney Spears after a Los Angeles court appearance in October 2007 . City Councilman Dennis Zine wants to require photographers to stay a safe distance from celebrities . His proposed ordinance is nicknamed the "  Britney Law " for the hordes of paparazzi that swarm around pop star Britney Spears , sometimes costing the city thousands of dollars for escorts and other enforcement . "  They act like a pack of wolves stalking their prey , creating havoc in the streets , and are nuisances to innocent bystanders , " Zine said at a task force hearing he convened Thursday . Watch how paparazzi spy on Hollywood stars " The proposal gained exposure last month when officials from around Southern California asked former independent counsel Kenneth Starr -- whose investigation of former President Clinton spawned its own share of tabloid headlines -- to help craft a law that would protect celebrities without infringing on freedom of the press . iReport.com : Share your celeb stories and photos Critics of the plan include Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton , who argues that it would be difficult to enforce . He also says existing laws can keep unruly packs of photographers in check . The chief said the city 's tabloid darlings could help by providing photographers less to work with . "  If celebrities behave themselves , that solves about 90 percent of the problem , " Bratton said . "  Britney , the last couple of days , has started wearing clothes again . The paparazzi are leaving town because she 's not as interesting when she 's not running around without her underwear on . " He said actress Lindsay Lohan "  evidently found a new love life , so she 's probably in New York hanging out " and that "  God knows " where billionaire heiress Paris Hilton had been . "  She 's thankfully disappeared from the scene , " Bratton said . At the hearing , members of the paparazzi also said the law would be impossible to enforce . "  Unless every celebrity has a chaperone of a police officer with a 6-foot tape measure , how are you going to enforce it ? " said photographer Nick Stern . Those attending included musician John Mayer , actor Eric Roberts , sheriff 's officials , representatives of the Screen Actors Guild and officials from West Hollywood , Beverly Hills and Malibu . CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Councilman wants to require photographers to keep distance from celebrities Critics say ` Britney Law ' would be difficult to enforce Police chief says law would be unnecessary if celebs behaved themselves
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday warned consumers to stop using certain Zicam nasal cold remedy products , saying they can cause users to lose their sense of smell permanently . Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel and two other products are the subject of a new FDA warning to consumers . The agency says that since 1999 , it has received more than 130 reports of loss of smell associated with Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel ; Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Swabs ; and Zicam Cold Remedy Swabs , kids size . The products have been linked to long-lasting or permanent loss of smell called anosmia . In some cases , the loss of smell occurred after the first dose . "  Loss of sense of smell is a serious risk for people who use these products for relief from cold symptoms , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  We are concerned that consumers may unknowingly use a product that could cause serious harm , and therefore we are advising them not to use these products for any reason . " Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta report more on Zicam " The popular homeopathic medications are sold over the counter and aimed at reducing the severity and duration of cold symptoms . The FDA says consumers should stop using the products immediately . The agency has sent Matrixx Initiatives , which makes Zicam , a warning letter telling it the products can no longer be marketed without FDA approval . A number of lawsuits have already been filed against Matrixx over the products . On its Web site , however , Matrixx says the allegations are "  unfounded and misleading . " The company contends that "  there is no known causal link between the use of Zicam Cold Remedy nasal gel and impairment of smell . No well-controlled scientific study has demonstrated a potential cause-and-effect relationship between the use of Zicam and diminished smell function . No court cases have revealed any reliable evidence of any causal relationship . " The FDA says consumers experiencing any loss of smell or taste after using nasal products that contain zinc should contact their physician .	Products linked to long-lasting or permanent loss of sense of smell FDA warns medicine maker that products ca n't be marketed without its approval Maker calls allegations "  unfounded " and "  misleading " Over-the-counter meds aimed at reducing severity , duration of cold symptoms
Ngqwara , South Africa  CNN  -- For weeks , South Africans have been holding a vigil for their first democratically elected president , Nelson Mandela . The 94-year-old statesman has been lying in a hospital in Pretoria for more than a month . Away from the capital , in the rolling farmlands where Mandela was born and raised , many South Africans believe his precarious condition has been adversely affected by a messy public dispute between members of his family . "  Some of us believe it could be that the suffering -LSB- Mandela -RSB- is enduring in the hospital at the moment has to do with the fact that his dispute has not been resolved , " said Patikile Holomisa , a lawmaker as well as the president of the Congress of Traditional Leaders . "  We believe that our ancestors through their spirits are looking after us , " Holomisa added . "  When we displease them , they bring calamity ; all sorts of discomfort to the family . " The family dispute erupted into full public view last week when one of Mandela 's daughters took one of his grandsons to court , after accusing him of secretly moving the remains of three of Mandela 's buried children from the family cemetery in 2011 . Makaziwa Mandela embraced her attorney when she won the case in a regional high court in South Africa 's Eastern Cape Province . "  It 's a private matter , " was her only comment to the media at the court . The next day a sheriff used heavy metal pincers to snap open the padlock on a gate at the village of Mandela 's grandson , Mandla . South African authorities retrieved three coffins and bought them for reburial in Qunu , the small village where the former president maintains a modest home . "  I still feel that it was a premature act , " said Mandla Mandela , in an exclusive interview with CNN on Wednesday . "  The issue should have been exhausted through internal structures of the family and unfortunately that was n't seen , " he added . The 39-year-old grandson was speaking on a windy hilltop in the village of Ngqwara , where he had just distributed blankets to several dozen elderly men and women . The crowd began the ceremony by reciting prayers . Later , some elderly women sang and danced in gratitude after receiving their donations . Mandla Mandela is a chief , or traditional ruler , in this poverty-stricken corner of South Africa . In this deeply traditional heartland , there are other prominent community leaders who agree that the Mandela family should have turned to distinctly African methods of mediation to solve their dispute , rather than Western-style courts . "  If the people are going to abandon the roots to which Madiba belongs and go and hang on to the branches of a foreign tree , such as the Westernized courts , then there is going to be a problem , " said Holomisa . The Mandela family dispute has exposed differences between the culture and values of rural black South Africa and the country 's modern legal and medical system . Some here argue it is unnatural and unfair to keep an ailing man alive with modern medical machines . Others fear Mandela may suffer longer in hospital , because the remains of his three children were moved without accompanying prayers . "  There was no ritual that that was performed when the bones were moved , " explains Vuyo Teti , a 25-year-old agricultural university student . "  The old people are saying you need to consider the spirit and the spiritual being , not only the bones . " Though raised in Qunu , Mandela migrated as a young man to South Africa 's largest city Johannesburg , where he eventually opened the country 's first black law firm . Mandela then spent the bulk of his adult life , either imprisoned by the former Apartheid regime or struggling in freedom to establish democracy in South Africa . Over the last decade , he retired from public view and chose to move back to the land of his childhood . Traditional community leaders like Holomisa cite that as proof that Mandela wished to return to his roots . "  He straddled both worlds , the African and the western , " said Holomisa . "  This man was a traditional man , " he added . "  And in the twilight of his life , he should be allowed to be who he was . "	In South Africa 's heartland many believe Mandela 's condition harmed by family dispute Dispute over burial site of three Mandela children was settled in court Traditionalists say African methods of mediation should have been used to solve the dispute One said : "  When we displease -LSB- our ancestors -RSB- they bring calamity "
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is leaving the door open to a possible expansion of the U.S. military mission in Syria , with the possibility of targeting not just ISIS but also al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra . While there are no active U.S. military plans for airstrikes against al-Nusra targets in Syria , neither the Pentagon nor the White House has rejected that idea as a possible future option , a senior U.S. official tells CNN . "  Nothing is off the table completely , " the official said . The possibility of strikes against al-Nusra -- the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria -- was first reported by the Washington Post . Senior U.S. military officials are making it clear the Pentagon is not anxious to undertake such strikes , knowing it would legitimately be seen as so-called mission creep , the official said . When asked by CNN 's Jim Acosta , White House press secretary Josh Earnest seemed to leave the door open , however . "  The United States remains concerned about all threats emanating from Syria , including the threat that 's posed from by the Nusra Front . That 's driven by the fact that ... the Nusra Front has been public in threatening the West , " Earnest said Tuesday . "  But what we will continue to do here in the United States is to work closely with our coalition partners to take strikes in Syria that are focused principally on denying a safe haven to those extremists and organizations that are seeking to do harm to the United States of America or our allies . " Hagel wrote memo to White House criticizing Syria strategy Striking al-Nusra would have the goal of pushing back its advances against moderate Syrian rebels who the United States is backing in the fight against ISIS . The Pentagon has repeatedly said it sees the U.S. military priority as striking ISIS in both Syria and Iraq with the goal of ensuring Iraq does not fall to ISIS control . But getting Syrian opposition into fighting shape to challenge ISIS has been a slow and complicated process due to the need to verify the security credentials of Syrian fighters going through the program . More than four months after announcing an effort to train and equip the moderate Syrian opposition , the U.S. military has yet to vet a single Syrian rebel to fight ISIS on the ground . "  There 's progress in setting up curriculum , there 's progress in getting the sites ready , there 's progress in getting trainers contributed to the effort -- not just from the United States but from other nations , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Tuesday . "  But the vetting progress has not begun yet . Kirby added that the program "  has not been completely codified , " but did not go into detail on how or when that process might unfold . The idea of mounting a train-and-equip program for the moderate opposition was first floated over a year ago , in the aftermath of revelations that the Assad regime used chemical weapons against Syrian civilians . But it was not until June of this year , when the terror group ISIS started making significant territorial gains in Iraq , that the Obama administration backed the plan , asking Congress for $ 500 million to "  train and equip appropriately vetted elements of the moderate Syrian armed opposition . " Opinion : What would Reagan do ? Prior to that , the U.S. had been providing nonlethal material and light weapons to the moderate opposition . The effort is part of a $ 1.5 billion initiative the United States is undertaking with a number of regional partners . Kirby also told reporters that the U.S. military is making significant progress in its overall efforts to degrade and destroy ISIS . In particular , Kirby said , the Iraqi army is making meaningful territorial gains with help from U.S. advisers , and U.S.-led efforts are helping disrupt the group 's revenue and degraded its ability to maneuver , communicate and operate inside Iraq . "  Nobody is saying that it 's over . There 's a long way to go here , " Kirby cautioned . "  But they 've definitely felt ... the full weight of the pressure that 's being put on them . "	An expanded mission could target not just ISIS but also al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra "  Nothing is off the table completely , " a senior U.S. official tells CNN Military officials make it clear the Pentagon is not anxious to undertake such strikes Such expansion likely would be seen as "  mission creep "
CNN  -- Authorities in the United Arab Emirates arrested seven people suspected of belonging to a terror cell associated with al Qaeda , the official news agency WAM reported Thursday . The group is accused of planning to carry out attacks that would "  undermine the security of the homeland , " the report said . The cell also allegedly planned to recruit new members , promote the work of al Qaeda and raise funds to help the network extend its activities to other countries in the region , the report said . State security prosecutors will investigate the case before the suspects are brought to trial , it said . All seven are of "  Arab nationalities , " WAM reported . In December , the same state-run news agency reported the arrest of members of a suspected terrorist cell that was allegedly aiming to carry out attacks in the UAE and Saudi Arabia . Those suspects were said to be citizens of both nations .	They are accused of plotting attacks that would "  undermine the security of the homeland " The group is alleged to have links to al Qaeda It also allegedly planned to raise funds to help extend its activities
Washington  CNN  -- Is Will Clark a villain or a hero ? Was the off-duty federal agent brave and chivalrous , or did he overreact when he intervened in a heated domestic argument and shot a man five times , killing him ? A U.S. Virgin Islands jury this week will hear the case for and against Clark , a nine-year veteran of the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , now charged with second degree murder . The prosecution of Special Agent William G. Clark for the 2008 shooting death of Marcus Sukow has enraged many federal law enforcement officers , who say Clark was heroically coming to the defense of a battered woman . Federal authorities were so incensed by the Virgin Island 's prosecution of Clark -- and so concerned other federal agents could similarly be prosecuted -- that they removed all ATF agents from the Virgin Islands in 2008 , a policy that continues today , the agency said . The U.S. Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States , and as such has a unique legal relationship with the federal government . While the broad outline of the shooting is undisputed , two government investigations came to starkly different conclusions . A federal government multi-agency investigation of the 2008 incident unanimously concluded the shooting was justified . The ATF even returned Clark 's gun and badge and put him back to work . But a Virgin Islands Police Department investigation prompted prosecutors to charge Clark with second degree murder . The incident occurred the morning of Sunday , September 7 , 2008 , outside a St. Thomas condo , where all of the main participants were neighbors . According to a police affidavit , Clark was leaving his condo when he encountered Sukow and his girlfriend , Marguerite Duncan . They had been drinking and were having a "  disagreement . " Duncan asked Clark for a ride to the guard gate and got in Clark 's sports utility vehicle . Sukow approached Clark , who was sitting in the car with the driver 's door open . One witness said he saw Sukow striking the driver 's door with his flashlight , and saw Clark draw his weapon and tell Sukow to step back . "  Mr. Sukow stood there with his hands at his side when William Clarke -LSB- sic -RSB- discharged his firearm at him several times , " the affidavit reads . Local prosecutors evidently were heavily influenced by two facts : First , the deceased , Marcus Sukow , was armed only with a flashlight ; second , Clark shot him five times . "  These facts are undisputed and were the findings of the local police investigation , " Gov. John de Jongh Jr. wrote in a letter justifying the prosecution . But a defense lawyer says the local police department 's affidavit is inaccurate and its investigation grossly incomplete . Attorney Mark Schamel said Sukow weighed 260 pounds , had a history of violent assaults , and was acting violently at the time of the incident . When Clark first encountered the fighting couple , Sukow was naked , intoxicated and shouting threats at his girlfriend and racial slurs at a neighbor who had come out during the commotion . At one point , Sukow went into his condo and returned wearing gym shorts , and then pelted his girlfriend 's car with landscaping stones . After Duncan sought refuge in Clark 's car , Sukow charged at Clark 's open driver door , the flashlight -- a heavy-duty , 18-inch metal one -- raised "  like a tomahawk , " poised to strike Clark , Schamel said . Clark fired rapidly , as he was trained , Schamel said . Tests later showed that Sukow had a blood-alcohol content of 0.29 percent , and had barbiturates and morphine in his blood , the defense lawyer said . Schamel said the former head trainer for the Virgin Islands Police Department academy will testify as an expert witness that the shooting was justified . Schamel said he also has subpoenaed the Virgin Islands ' governor and first lady to testify , because Duncan called them shortly after the shooting . He declined to say what he expected them to say . On Monday , ATF Deputy Director Kenneth Melson reiterated the agency 's support for Clark . "  Special Agent Clark intervened in a domestic dispute in order to protect a woman that was endangered by her boyfriend . His actions were necessary to save a woman 's life and his own life , " Melson said . "  The ATF family supports Special Agent Clark and seeks an immediate , non-criminal resolution in this matter . " Clark 's attorney fought to have the case transferred to federal court , saying Clark was acting as a federal agent and deserved federal protections . But a district court judge ruled against the motion , and a federal court has declined to halt the trial . "  William Clark is a federal ATF agent who does not have peace officer status under Virgin Islands law and therefore had no authority to enforce law including the domestic violence statutes , " said Sara Lezama , a spokeswoman for the Virgin Islands Department of Justice . As a private citizen , Clark was authorized to carry a gun and use reasonable force to defend himself and others , Lezama said . But Sukow "  did not inflict bodily harm on anyone the morning he was shot , " she said . "  That 's the government 's general position in this case . We believe that he used excessive force instead of reasonable force in this matter , " Lezama said . Clark 's advocates say the case has far-reaching ramifications . "  It is well recognized that federal law enforcement officers are immune from state criminal liability for actions that are taken within the scope of their employment as federal officers , " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , wrote in a letter to Gov. de Jongh . "  That principle ... applies with equal force in United States territories . " The Clark prosecution "  has the potential to create a chilling effect on the operation of federal law enforcement throughout the United States ' territories , " Schumer wrote . "  The American law enforcement community is outraged that the USVI prosecutor seems more intent on punishing American cops than woman beaters , " Jon Adler , president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , said in a written statement . Adler and others are calling for an investigation into the prosecution , saying it is in retaliation for federal corruption investigation in the Virgin Islands . The spokeswoman for the Virgin Islands Department of Justice said a jury will determine the appropriateness of the shooting . That jury was being selected Monday , and the trial is expected to last seven days , she said .	NEW : ATF deputy director says the agency stands by Clark Clark , a 9-year veteran of the ATF , is charged with second-degree murder His prosecution has prompted ATF to remove all agents from the Virgin Islands Prosecutors say Sukow struck Clark 's car with a flashlight ; Clark shot him five times
CNN  -- A few weeks into the fall TV season , and already one show is down for the count . The cast from "  Quarterlife " played young , artsy 20-somethings on the incredibly short-lived show . But let 's look on the bright side . "  The Beautiful Life " got at least two episodes in before the CW gave it the ax , spared from that TV-land rarity : the single episode show . Although the jury 's still out on which series will last to see this year 's November sweeps , none of them  as their developers are certainly thankful about  can be lumped in with the truly cringe-worthy and sadly uninteresting one-episode wonders . Here are some of the shows that saw the light of your television screen for just a single episode . 1 . Known as the show that started the idea of the quick hook , CBS 's 1961 live celebrity game show "  You 're in the Picture " was hosted by Jackie Gleason . The grand idea was to invite celebrities on and ask them to stick their heads into a painted scene and guess which one it is . It was so dismal , Gleason spent a half-hour the following week apologizing for letting the show air , and it was then replaced with "  The Jackie Gleason Show . " 2 . There were a few shows pushing buttons in the tumultuous time of the 1960s , but the producers of the late - '60s sketch comedy show "  Laugh In " thought the envelope had n't been pushed quite enough . "  Turn On , " a similar comedy show , hit ABC 's airwaves in February 1969 and was so controversial , it was turned off after just one episode . 3 . Networks have capitalized on popular movie trends for decades  looking at you , "  Vampire Diaries "  , and 1979 's "  Co-ed Fever " was no different . Attempting to ride the popularity of "  Animal House , " this half-hour show asked the question , "  What happens when all-female Baxter College goes co-ed ? " Answer ? CBS cancels it . 4 . Americans are finicky about their cop shows , as Steven Bochco , the man who brought us "  NYPD Blue " and "  L.A. Law , " knows all too well . Some of them spark enough spinoffs to keep a show alive throughout generations , and others , like 1996 's "  Public Morals , " a sitcom about the humorous antics of the NYPD , just spark hate . One-hit wonders : 3 ; CBS : 0 . 5 . In 1997 , Fox unveiled "  Lawless , " an action series featuring NFL star Brian Bosworth as a detective . After the pilot episode , "  Lawless " was outlawed , although Bosworth did go on to act again . 6 . Right in the middle of the dot-com bubble , ABC tried to stake its claim with "  Dot Comedy " in 2000 , a sort of online version of "  America 's Funniest Home Videos . " "  Dot Comedy " was also like a premonition for the Internet bubble that was about to burst : it went belly-up after the pilot . 7 . Not to be confused with a "  Maury " episode , 2005 's "  Who 's Your Daddy ? " was a Fox reality series-turned-reality "  special " about a woman who was adopted at birth , trying to pick out her birth father from a set of eight men , with $ 100,000 riding on the line . Needless to say , that gem of a concept angered viewers and adoption advocates alike . 8 . It 's true that there is n't much reality television fans wo n't watch , but CBS 's 2005 series "  The Will " was one of them . It featured a cast of 10 fame-seekers all angling to get in a wealthy 73-year-old man 's will . The show died before the money-grubbers could craft a eulogy . 9 . Heather Graham may be known for a few things , but pulling off a "  Sex and the City " - esque series is n't one of them . "  Emily 's Reasons Why Not , " 2006 's show about a book publishing career woman with the requisite gay guy sidekick , was just no replacement for HBO 's Manolo-ed foursome . That does n't mean ABC stopped trying , though : "  Cashmere Mafia " rolled out in 2008 , only to meet a similar fate as Graham 's bomb of a sitcom . 10 . Next on the "  so bad it should n't have aired " reality show train is "  Anchorwoman , " a 2007 show about model Lauren Jones becoming an anchor for a small-town Texas station . If you do n't remember it , it 's because you were among the millions and millions of viewers Fox was hoping would tune in , and did n't . 11 . Who knows what did in CBS 's 2008 "  Secret Talents of the Stars . " Maybe it was the thought of watching not one but two boxers perform musical acts ?  Joe Frazier was slated to sing R&B , and Roy Jones Jr. would have wooed the audience with his rapping .  We watch them dance awkwardly and duke it out in isolated jungles but , apparently , we do n't care what "  secret talents " celebrities are holding close to the vest . 12 . As if being 25 is n't depressing enough . "  Quarterlife , " NBC 's 2008 attempt to take a Web-based show and turn it into a small-screen drama , failed miserably despite its online popularity . The show , focused on a group of 20-somethings trying to make their way through life and the digital age , earned some of the worst ratings NBC had seen in years . The rest of the season 's episodes were exiled to Bravo .	The CW canceled "  The Beautiful Life " last week after just two episodes Still , that places the series ahead of some of television 's one-hit wonders The list starts in with CBS 's 1961 show "  You 're in the Picture " Reality shows and scripted series alike have received the "  one episode and out " boot
London  CNN  -- The British government has rejected requests to hold a public inquiry into the 2006 death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , a spokesman for the coroner 's inquest said Friday . Litvinenko 's widow has been pressing for a public inquiry in addition to a basic inquest -- a coroner-led investigation that is held as a matter of course in the case of unnatural deaths in England , where Litvinenko died after being poisoned . UK officials will apprise Coroner Sir Robert Owen in writing early next week of why the public inquiry was rejected , according to a transcript of a hearing held Friday in the matter . A public inquiry , unlike an inquest , can receive evidence behind closed doors . In Litvinenko 's case , such evidence could involve matters of national security , and his widow , Marina Litvinenko , had argued that a public inquiry would enable the fullest possible investigation . In a deathbed statement , Alexander Litvinenko blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for his poisoning , an accusation the Kremlin has strongly denied . Putin foe , exiled Russian oligarch found dead in UK home Marina Litvinenko told CNN on Friday that "  everybody is down , because we did n't expect this . " She said that with the coroner 's backing , she pressed for the public inquiry "  when we realized that the coroner is n't able to prove the Russian state 's involvement in what happened . " She called for a judicial review of the government 's decision . "  I believe that we will find the truth , because I believe that British law can work , " she said . Litvinenko , a former KGB agent and fierce critic of Putin , came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He died at a London hospital on November 23 , 2006 , after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 while drinking tea at the Millennium Hotel in London 's Grosvenor Square . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Jason Hanna and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : UK officials will tell coroner in writing next week why they said no "  Everybody is down , because we did n't expect this , " says widow of former KGB spy Litvinenko , who moved to Britain after becoming whistle-blower , was poisoned in 2006 Before dying , he blamed Russian president ; Russia denies accusation
