CNN  -- Amos Yadlin , formerly chief of Defense Intelligence for the Israel Defense Forces  IDF  , observed this week that the Israeli public typically goes through wartime "  cycles " : first showing sweeping support and then , as civilian and military deaths begin , growing impatient and putting pressure on politicians to end hostilities . Therefore , as Yadlin put it , "  the ability of the Israeli home front to withstand a campaign that lasts for more than a week is a key factor in the outcome . " In recent years , though , Israel 's missile defense system , Iron Dome , has had a significant impact on that home front 's resilience -- and therefore on the calculus of Israel 's leaders . Of course , Israel 's overwhelming military superiority over Gaza-based militants ensures that Israeli deaths in Gaza wars have always been relatively low . Nine Israelis were killed in the two-week ground offensive in 2009 , Operation Cast Lead , compared to well over a thousand Palestinians . The November 2012 airstrikes , Operation Pillar of Defense , resulted in six Israeli deaths compared to 167 Palestinians . But the political impact of rocket attacks is greater than these numbers suggest , particularly when usually safe areas come under fire . In 2012 , Hamas ' longer-range rockets targeted both Tel Aviv , causing air raid sirens to sound there for the first time since Saddam Hussein fired Scud missiles towards the city during the first Gulf War two decades previously , and Jerusalem , which had not been struck since 1970 . Although no casualties were inflicted , Hamas demonstrated its ability to threaten Israel 's two largest and most important cities . It has done so again in the past week , and additionally promised to target Ben-Gurion International Airport . Although Hamas faces difficulties in importing its most sophisticated rockets , owing to the new Egyptian government 's demolition of key tunnels connecting Gaza with the Sinai Peninsula , Israel 's head of Military Intelligence Analysis estimates that the group has still managed to double its stockpile since the 2012 war , to approximately 10,000 rockets , suggesting that it could sustain attacks for months . The Israeli leadership therefore faces twin pressures . On the one hand , as Yadlin suggests , an open-ended campaign of airstrikes that fails to suppress rocket attacks or demonstrate other strategic achievements could meet with increasing public opposition . On the other hand , a successful rocket attack that inflicts deaths -- particularly in a symbolic area , like Tel Aviv or Jerusalem -- could put sudden pressure on Israeli leaders to escalate , and send ground troops into Gaza . Any such invasion , involving urban combat in a densely populated urban environment that Hamas knows well , would result in higher IDF casualties , extremely high Palestinian casualties , enormous damage to civilian infrastructure , and the prospect of Israeli troops being taken hostage . This is why , despite getting his Cabinet to authorize the enlistment of 40,000 reservists last week , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has refrained from launching a ground assault . Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system , which came to prominence in the 2012 conflict , affects this dynamic in important ways . Although there is intense debate over its effectiveness -- critics argue that the system is knocking rockets to the ground without detonating them , and that it destroys fewer than half -- Israel says that it has successfully intercepted 90 % of those rockets that it engaged in this campaign . Even if this is exaggerated , Iron Dome 's ability to shield population centers and key infrastructure has two important effects . First , it buys time for Israel to continue airstrikes without facing popular impatience . Second , it lessens the prospect that a rocket will inflict deaths in a way that forces the government to launch a costly ground invasion it does n't truly want . Taken together , this suggests that Iron Dome gives the IDF more time to strike Gaza from the air , and therefore to weaken Hamas , with less pressure to put boots on the ground . It is important to note that even if Iron Dome is highly effective , there are still other sources of pressure on the Israeli government . Calling up tens of thousands of reservists in a country of just 8 million people places strain on the domestic economy , and pressure quickly mounts to demobilize those forces . Moreover , international pressure also grows over time . For instance , Egyptian President Abdul Fattah el-Sisi is hostile to Hamas and has refrained from commenting , but a mounting Palestinian death toll would draw him further into the conflict , possibly persuading him to open land borders with Gaza . Finally , the longer the conflict drags on , the greater the likelihood that Iron Dome 's imperfections will be revealed , and that a rocket will get through . These factors mean that the clock is still ticking for Netanyahu -- though perhaps at a slower pace than it used to . How Iron Dome blocks rockets from Gaza , protects Israelis Rocket fired into northern Israel from Lebanon as Gaza conflict continues Striking Gaza could buy Israel peace for a year , maybe more , analysts say	Israeli deaths in Gaza wars have always been relatively low , writes Shashank Joshi Joshi : Political impact of rocket attacks is greater than these numbers suggest though Israeli invasion of Gaza would carry big military and political risks , he says Missile defense means Israel need not resort to ground troops , Joshi argues
CNN  -- Affirmative action -- which is coming up before the Supreme Court on Wednesday in Fisher v. University of Texas -- has long been one of America 's most divisive social policies . But it does n't need to be . Universities engage in many forms of affirmative action that are uncontroversial , such as efforts to reach out and encourage minority applicants , or initiatives to make sure that admissions officers are going beyond test scores to find the strongest candidates . The battle is really about the use of racial preferences in admissions , especially the large preferences often used by selective schools that , in effect , add a full point to the high school grade-point average of every black applicant , and half a point to every Hispanic applicant , or otherwise adjust the academic qualifications of black and Hispanic applicants so as to make them appear , for purposes of comparison with white and Asian applicants , much more academically prepared than they actually are . These policies are often justified as ways of ensuring fair minority representation -- which , in turn , is supposed to foster a better learning environment for everyone . But a growing stack of carefully vetted research is finding that these large preferences often undermine the very goals they are intended to promote , because they do a poor job of matching students to the college environments in which they are most likely to thrive . A student who would do extremely well at Wake Forest ends up at struggling at Duke ; a student who would thrive at a strong state university gets recruited away to the Ivy League and becomes a marginal student . News : The young woman at the center of the SCOTUS challenge For example , students who aspire to careers in science or engineering  STEM fields  , and who get into a school where they are surrounded by academically stronger students , have low odds of actually getting a STEM degree . Yet these students have what it takes to have a successful career in STEM -- if they go to the right school . A careful study led by University of Virginia psychologist Fred Smyth found that the well-matched minority students were nearly 80 % more likely to achieve their STEM aspirations . Three other studies have confirmed Smyth 's findings . In Fisher -- the case before the Supreme Court -- the University of Texas reintroduced racial preferences in 2004 because , it said , it wanted to achieve racial balancing of minority students in its classes . But it has pursued this goal with very large preferences , and since these students are likely to retreat from the most competitive and rigorous classes to softer fields , the use of racial preferences can easily have little or no effect at all upon classroom integration . The mismatch problem undermines diversity goals in other ways , too . Undisputed research has found that students are more likely  holding other things , such as race , constant  to make friendships with other students who have comparable levels of academic preparation . When colleges use large preferences , they interfere with social assimilation , and the minorities who are the "  beneficiaries " of these preferences often feel socially isolated and self-segregate . Indeed , preferences that are so large that they produce disparities in academic performance across racial lines are likely to foster negative stereotypes -- just the opposite of what diversity programs are supposed to achieve . In short , large racial preferences , and indeed large preferences of any other kind  e.g. , for children of alumni , for athletes , etc.  are often counterproductive . Yet universities continue to use them , partly because they may not understand the consequences of mismatch , but mainly because they are under tremendous pressure to achieve a particular racial balance -- at whatever cost -- in their student bodies . These are exactly the situations where government regulation has a helpful role to play , and the Supreme Court is poised to play it . News : Affirmative action under pressure in Supreme Court Many observers are predicting that the court , with five conservative votes , will simply abolish racial preferences . That strikes us as unlikely ; Justice Anthony Kennedy , the swing vote , is more likely to put teeth in the court 's earlier holdings and simply create some tougher tests that universities must satisfy if they use racial preferences . Two reforms seem to us particularly important : Find a way to limit the overall size of racial preferences , and mandate a thorough transparency at any university that wants to use them . Limiting the size of racial preferences means making smaller , race-based adjustments to applicant qualifications -- or , to put it differently , not ignoring very wide differences in academic preparation across racial lines . And by transparency we mean three things : Disclose to applicants the way that admissions decisions are made , provide information about how students such as the applicant have fared at that university , and make some form of all this information available to the public and to watchdog groups . In other words , students need to have all available information about whether they are jeopardizing their success in college by accepting a large preference into a more elite school . These sorts of reforms would represent a radical departure from past practices ; they would create a level of accountability that simply does not exist in colleges today . And they would almost certainly moderate the use of a controversial and often ineffective tool of social policy -- racial preferences -- without the heavy hand of a complete ban . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Sander and Stuart Taylor Jr. .	Supreme Court is taking up affirmative action in Fisher v. University of Texas Richard Sander , Stuart Taylor : Large racial preferences can hurt minority students They say the court will probably not abolish affirmative action in the case Writers : Reforming affirmative action policies can improve diversity goals
CNN  Most of us can clearly recall where we were on December 26 , 2004 , when a massive earthquake off the northern coast of Sumatra , Indonesia triggered a deadly tsunami that swept across the Indian Ocean , killing more than 226,000 people and causing massive destruction along coastal areas of 14 countries . The tsunami caused one of the worst natural disasters in recent memory , as its full horror unfolded on TV screens around the world . Ten years on , it is important to reflect on what the tsunami has taught us and whether these communities are any safer from such disasters . One clear lesson reinforced by the tsunami has been the importance of investing in disaster risk reduction  DRR  at both global and local levels . In January 2005 , The Hyogo Framework for Action  HFA  -- a global blueprint for disaster risk reduction efforts with a ten-year plan -- was adopted by 168 governments . Its goal was to substantially reduce disaster losses by 2015 by building the resilience of nations and communities to disasters . In June 2006 , the Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning System became active , consisting of 25 seismographic stations -- used to detect earthquakes early -- relaying information to 26 national tsunami information centers . This has resulted in timely evacuations of mass populations when alerts are sounded . Removing red tape The tsunami also highlighted how weak legislation led to blockages and major coordination challenges in the delivery of international assistance . The Hyogo Framework for Action calls for improved legislation to facilitate international disaster response , an area where the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies  IFRC  has been working closely with governments through its Disaster Laws program . Twelve countries in Asia Pacific have made , or are progressing towards , legislative or regulatory changes . These include Indonesia , where the National Disaster Management Authority has revised its regulations relating to the participation of the international community in national emergencies . Another example is the Philippines , where , following Typhoon Haiyan in 2013 , the government relaxed immigration requirements and established one-stop-shops to streamline the clearance process for incoming goods and equipment . But global and national initiatives need to go hand-in-hand with investment in locally driven approaches towards reducing risk . Working with communities to help them be better prepared to face future disasters was the thread that ran through the IFRC 's recovery efforts after the tsunami . Supporting the rebuilding of physical infrastructure , including 57,000 new homes , was one step , but establishing community based disaster risk management programs was equally important . Sea search and rescue teams were set up in Thailand , training was given to thousands of first-responders in Sri Lanka , and early warning systems -- using HF Radio -- were established across Indonesia alongside mangrove planting projects to reduce the impact of coastal flooding . The legacy of those initiatives lives on today . Improving communication Community participation and engagement in risk reduction is vital and the tsunami cast a spotlight on the need to improve accountability and two-way communication with crisis affected communities . In Aceh , Indonesia , traditional and hi-tech approaches were used to enable people to raise questions or air concerns about the aid effort via community meetings , live radio and SMS . Such approaches have since become integral aspects of major operations and have proved essential in health promotion and social mobilization campaigns . Next year , the Third U.N. World Conference on Risk Reduction takes place in Japan where HFA 2 will take shape . This represents a unique opportunity to re-focus attention on the need for greater investment in community level disaster risk reduction . This means recognizing that local people and organizations are first responders in emergencies ; understanding that they must be the drivers of change in their communities as they have the best understanding of the risks they face . It also means investing in strengthening the risk reduction capacities of local , city and regional authorities . While we ca n't prevent another tsunami , we do know that many people in harms way today are now more aware and better prepared to face future disasters . The challenge ahead remains how we align global and local action to safeguard future generations .	Lesson reinforced by tsunami is importance of investing in disaster risk reduction Tsunami highlighted how weak laws led to blockages and challenges in delivering assistance Establishing community based disaster risk management programs like search teams in Thailand , training in Sri Lanka also important
CNN  -- Hot summers when the city is crammed with tourists ; cooler winters when the rain can swell the Arno : Florence is an all-year-round destination . Here are some of the city 's seasonal highlights . A Verdi player finds a gap in the Azzurri team 's defence during the 2003 Calcio Storico Vintage clothes For a long time , image-conscious Italians would n't be seen dead in second-hand clothes . But recently they have started to catch up with the rest of the world when it comes to coveting the nearly new and Florence is host to the biggest used clothes fair in Italy . It 's held twice yearly in February and July  Stazione Leopolda ; +39 055 246 6198  . Christmas in Florence Not only is the city wonderfully deserted at this time of year , but the lights that adorn every shop window give the place an almost magical feeling . You can buy everything from amber to reindeer skins at the Christmas market  Mercato di natale  in the Piazza Santa Croce from the beginning of December . Go ice-skating in the Piazza della Liberta or make for the Piazza della Republicca , home to Florence 's enormous Christmas tree sparkling with 16,000 lights . On Christmas day , High Mass at the Duomo is an unforgettable experience . Scoppio del Carro , Easter Sunday Exploding the cart , or "  scoppio del carro , " at Easter is one of the oldest and most important Florentine traditions . Decorated white oxen drag an elaborate cart stuffed full of fireworks from the Porta al Prato to the Piazza del Duomo . A dove-shaped rocket in the Duomo is lit and shoots along a wire to the cart where it ignites the rest of the fireworks : impressive pyrotechnics ensue . Tradition has it that if the first rocket flies straight , it will be a lucky year for Florentines . Maggio Musicale Fiorentino , April to June The May Music Festival is a series of classical music concerts , recitals , and operas and ballet held in venues across the city . It is internationally acclaimed and tickets are hot property , so check the Web site for scheduling and book in advance  www.maggiofiorentino.com Calcio Storico Fiorentino , June 24-28 This traditional game is a testosterone-fueled mix of football and fighting played by young men from the four Florentine quarters : San Giovanni , Santa Maria Novella , Santo Spirito and Santa Croce . They may look amusing in their medieval-style pantaloons but there is nothing funny about the level of competition in this fierce sport -- players often seem more preoccupied with fighting each other than getting the ball in the net , which runs the length of the pitch . An amazing spectacle , especially because it is held in the shadow of the beautiful Santa Croce church in the piazza below . Festa del Grillo  Cricket Festival  , Ascension Day If you are feeling low on luck , the cricket festival , which heralds the start of spring , could boost your fortunes . Singing crickets are thought to bring good luck and in days gone by children would fashion cages and hunt for crickets to take to the Parco delle Cascine . Nowadays , the crickets are likely to be fake , but you can buy them housed in endearing pastel-painted confections with windows and roofs -- and they are still considered lucky . ... . What sights have you enjoyed in Florence ? Send us your tips and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Florence 's seasonal highlights include twinkling lights at Christmas Easter brings "  Scoppio del carro , " an exploding cart stuffed with fireworks In late June , Florentine men play a fierce combination of football and fighting The cricket festival on Ascension Day is thought to bring good luck
CNN  -- Israeli forces killed two militants in Gaza on Sunday morning , Palestinian officials said . The forces said they saw suspects "  planting explosives along the security fence along the southern Gaza Strip . " A spokesman for the forces confirmed the attacks , saying there were "  direct hits , " but did not provide the number of people killed . Palestinian officials confirmed an exchange of fire occurred between Israeli forces and "  Islamic jihad militants " east of Khan Younis . Saraya al-Quds militants said in a statement that two of their fighters were killed .	Israeli forces say they saw suspects planting explosives A militant group says two of its fighters were killed
Mental Floss  -- Everyone goes through a rebellious phase . And , if you 're lucky , you 'll be able to look back on those years and laugh . If you 're less lucky , you spent those years on a reality show , so for the rest of time , millions of strangers can look back on them and laugh instead . In modern times , cats frolic among the ruins of ancient Rome . But , hey , it could be worse . You could be responsible for the fall of Western Civilization , just like Justa Grata Honoria , the Roman princess whose wild ways and  literally  naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the Roman Empire . Barely regal Smart , conniving , and ruthless , Honoria possessed all the attributes befitting a Roman emperor , except for that pesky Y chromosome . As a young girl , she watched as her dimwitted six-year-old brother , Valentinian III , was crowned emperor of the Western Roman Empire , while she was set aside to await a suitable marriage . Hardly content to lead a quiet and chaste life , Honoria rebelled with aplomb , sleeping her way through the royal court while still in her teens . Although her after-hours habits caused quite the scandal , they failed to satiate her need for attention and power , so Honoria set her eyes on the throne . Employing her ample charms , she seduced her brother 's royal chamberlain , Eugenius , and together , they plotted to murder Valentinian and seize power . But , alas , their scheme was soon exposed . Eugenius was executed , and Honoria was sent to a convent in Constantinople . Life as a nun was a fate worse than death for Honoria , but even that could n't quell her ambition . She spent her years at the nunnery plotting one escape attempt after another . Finally , out of sheer desperation , she turned to sources outside the empire . Her savior would have to be powerful enough to defy Valentinian and risk open war with Rome . Only one man fit that description : Attila , king of the Huns . Attila the hubby Honoria got the barbarian 's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal : If Attila would rescue her , she would marry him , and he would get half of the Western Empire as her dowry . Of course , Honoria was in no position to rightfully offer any portion of the Roman Empire . But she was betting that after marrying her , Attila would conquer the whole Empire , and she 'd become queen to boot . Attila had secretly been planning a move against Rome for years , and Honoria 's letter gave him the perfect opportunity to strike . Wasting no time , he told Valentinian that he planned to marry Honoria , and demanded the dowry he 'd been promised . Naturally , Valentinian refused , and Attila used his status as a "  wronged husband " to invade Roman territory in 451 C.E. . The Hun armies quickly swept through the Empire , destroying everything in their path , and eventually they arrived in Rome . Like all the other cities before it , Rome would also have been annihilated were it not for the famine and disease that devastated the Huns during the invasion . Rome survived Attila 's assault with the unlikely help of another nomadic enemy tribe , the Visigoths , but the Western Empire never recovered . Within a generation , the armies of the Goths , Franks , and Huns had overrun the area . The Princess bride Ultimately , Honoria became neither Roman empress nor a Hun queen . Attila never rescued her , and she was eventually sent back to Rome and left to her brother 's justice . Not wanting to cause a scandal by having her executed , and unwilling to send her back into exile where she could scheme again , Valentinian settled on a suitable third option . After years of struggle , Honoria finally suffered the fate she had been dreading all along : She was married off to an elderly Roman senator , and the rest of her life went unrecorded by history . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Justa Grata Honoria plotted to kill her emperor of Roman Empire When first plot failed , she offered to marry Attila the Hun He failed to annihilate Rome , or marry her She then suffered the fate she dreaded
San Diego , California  CNN  -- This week , there was a massive attempt to gate-crash on the U.S.-Mexico border , part of the "  Bring Them Home " campaign . A better name for it would be "  Operation Return to Sender . " About 30 young immigrant deportees , intent on re-entering the United States from Mexico to rejoin families or resume their lives , tried to cross the border . Donning caps and gowns or wearing T-shirts that read : "  I Am Undocumented , " they politely presented themselves to U.S. border agents to ask for asylum -- and essentially dared the authorities to make a federal case out of it . They were quickly apprehended and shuttled away . And -- like the Malaysian jetliner that disappeared -- they have n't been seen since . U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents said privacy laws prohibit them from revealing what happened to the uninvited guests . If you think that 's the real reason for their silence , I have eight Southwestern states that used to belong to Mexico that I 'd like to sell you . The real reason the agency is keeping quiet is politics . No matter what the administration does with those it apprehended , it is going to catch heat . If it lets them stay in the United States to pursue asylum claims , as it did with others who entered the country in similar fashion last year , the right wing will be upset . If it simply deports the immigrants back to Mexico , or locks them up in a detention facility , the left wing is likely to rise up . As it is , many immigration activists at the grass-roots level have had their fill of this administration and its political games . They 're frustrated because President Obama broke his promise to Latino voters to make immigration overhaul a top priority ; because he seems to think flowery words are just as good as decisive action ; and because he is better at removing the undocumented than at finding ways for them to stay in the United States . This month , Obama is expected to reach a dubious milestone : the 2 millionth deportation under his watch . Obama 's administration , with its highly aggressive Department of Homeland Security , expanded a program called Secure Communities , which ropes local police officers into enforcing federal immigration law , Arizona-style . The administration has deported more people than the population of Nebraska . Along the way , as collateral damage , it has also destroyed hundreds of thousands of families . That is part of what this protest at the border was all about . Some of those who were removed have refused to take "  go " for an answer . Perhaps they took the President at his word when he promised to use his executive power to get things done if Congress refused to act . Apparently , those "  things " do n't include something that clearly falls into the purview of the executive branch : stopping deportations . Or perhaps they bought into his rhetoric about how undocumented young people who were raised in the United States are Americans in every way except legal status . If that 's true , why ca n't they come home ? Obama has made hash out of his immigration policy by pretending to be lenient toward illegal immigrants while dropping the hammer on them . He can be a nice guy , or a tough guy , but not both . He should pick one and stick to it . That 's why the administration -- and its defenders in the self-serving Washington-based immigration lobby -- would like to ignore what happened this week on the border . Every time an immigration activist turns down the rhetorical crumbs offered by this administration and demands something more substantial , it reveals that , on the immigration issue , liberals are n't as liberal as they like to think . It 's one thing to say that the system is broken and needs to be fixed so that our borders are secure and people who want to come here legally can do so more quickly and efficiently . It 's another to go to bat for those who have been deported . Because these folks were here illegally , it 's easy to argue that they got what they deserved . Yet , what should worry Americans is that -- in a misguided attempt to ease the pressure that working-class Americans feel from competing for jobs with illegal immigrants -- Obama has used the heavy club of a powerful agency that was designed to fight terrorism . The administration is seeking , in the 2015 fiscal year , a staggering $ 38.2 billion for the Department of Homeland Security for a "  continued commitment to the security of our homeland and the American public . " This , to uproot 2 million people who pose no threat to the homeland or the public . For years , U.S. authorities would use their discretion to keep immigrants out of removal proceedings : battered wives who went to police for help , tamale vendors who gathered outside grocery stores , people with green card applications pending , children with U.S.-born relatives . These are the people being deported . Those 2 million deportations also include classes of people that Obama has routinely said will not be deported , such as Dreamers -- those undocumented young people who were brought here as children -- and parents with U.S.-born children . The days of common sense immigration enforcement are over . In the last five years , it 's all been about driving up the numbers by any means necessary . It worked . The damage is done . We 'll be suffering the aftershocks for generations to come . That 's what the protesters on the border were trying to tell us . We need to listen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	About 30 deportees in Mexico went to U.S. border to try to re-enter as a protest Ruben Navarrette : Immigration activists are tired of administration 's political games Navarrette : Soon , the number of deportees will hit 2 million ; collateral damage is families We should listen to the protesters on the border and fix this mess , Navarrette says
CNN  -- Severe storms tore through the Midwest and South Friday into Saturday , killing at least 39 people . The National Weather Service confirms 42 tornadoes hit 10 states , stretching from Alabama to Ohio . This comes only days after another deadly line of storms spawned multiple tornadoes , damaging hundreds of homes and businesses across seven states . Disaster relief organizations are mobilizing across the region to provide aid to survivors and begin cleanup efforts . Kansas An EF2 tornado struck the small community of Harveyville , Kansas , Tuesday night during the first round of severe weather . Recovery operations and debris removal began Thursday , and over 500 volunteers and 55 private contractors turned out to help , according the Kansas Adjutant General 's Department . "  There 's a lot of devastation . It 's really , really rough . You 're looking at people 's lives , " one volunteer told CNN affiliate KTKA . "  The families that are here are really grateful that we 're just here to help . " The United Way of the Plains is helping coordinate volunteers . Those interested can register by e-mail to harveyvilletornado@gmail.com . The organization says no clothing donations are needed at this time , but anyone in the area with large equipment or construction materials can register by calling 2-1-1 . Officials will contact you if the items are needed . Missouri The severe storms continued through parts of Missouri early Wednesday morning . No deaths have been reported in the area , but the city of Branson suffered significant damage to its popular entertainment district . Several relief organizations responded immediately to provide meals and shelter to those in need . The AmeriCorps St. Louis Emergency Response Team set up volunteer reception centers and is coordinating efforts to remove debris . For more information on volunteering with AmeriCorps response efforts in Taney and Stone counties , log on to the Volunteer Branson website . Illinois An EF4 tornado with 170 mph winds leveled parts of Harrisburg , Illinois , Wednesday , killing at least six . Hundreds of homes were damaged or destroyed and about 100 people were injured by the storm , according sheriff 's deputies . AmeriCares is one of the organizations providing assistance in Illinois . The organization is preparing a shipment of medical supplies and disaster relief items for a Harrisburg clinic if needed . AmeriCares is preparing additional medical and emergency assistance for other affected states , including tetanus vaccines for survivors and first responders helping with cleanup efforts . Operation Blessing International is also providing aid to storm victims and first responders in Illinois . Volunteers with the organization brought a convoy of vehicles to the area , including trailers with construction supplies and a mobile kitchen that can serve thousands of hot meals . Harrisburg Police Chief Bob Smith directed anyone interested in volunteering with cleanup efforts in the area to call Operation Blessing at 618-294-9600 . Indiana Multiple tornadoes touched down in southern Indiana during a second round of severe weather on Friday , including an EF4 that struck the town of Henryville . An EF2 tornado devastated the nearby town of Marysville . "  We have whole communities and whole neighborhoods that are completely gone , " Indiana State Police Sgt. Jerry Goodin said . Local agencies are still assessing the damage , but the large volunteer response has already made an impact . "  It 's been overwhelming the response with people wanting to help , and we really appreciate that . But right now we do n't need any volunteers , " Goodin said . "  We feel that there will be a need for volunteers later on as this cleanup continues . As that need arises , we 'll put that information out there . " The American Red Cross is among the relief organizations providing aid in the area . The organization has opened shelters and is providing meals to displaced residents . Anyone wishing to volunteer with shelter operations must complete an application at the Clark County Red Cross . Scott County set up a Disaster Relief Fund for all affected communities in the area . Donations will help meet the immediate needs of individuals in Scott , Washington , Clark and Jefferson Counties . The fund has already helped provide items like blankets , socks and kerosene to local residents in need , said volunteer David Coates at the Disaster Relief Center in Scottsburg . Tax deductible donations payable to the Disaster Relief Fund can be mailed to P.O. Box 112 , Scottsburg , Indiana 47170 . Kentucky Areas throughout Kentucky are picking up the pieces from several tornadoes , but overnight snowfall is complicating cleanup efforts . In the hard-hit town of West Liberty , Morgan County ARH Hospital was heavily damaged . All second floor windows of the hospital were blown out and doors were torn off their hinges . The storms caused at least 21 deaths and widespread damage across several counties in the state . "  Nobody knows what to do now really . It 's just devastation , " West Liberty resident Lana Prater told CNN 's Rob Marciano . After completing work assignments in Kansas , a Veteran Emergency Response Team from Team Rubicon relocated to West Liberty to assist local authorities and other relief organizations . The team will help with search and rescue operations as needed and debris removal . Samaritan 's Purse is also assisting with cleanup efforts in West Liberty . The organization sent a tractor-trailer and volunteers with emergency supplies and equipment to the town . Four other trucks are stationed in other affected areas across the Midwest . Samaritan 's Purse is also asking volunteers to help with cleanup efforts in multiple areas . For more information , go online . Tennessee The National Weather Service confirmed an EF3 and multiple EF2 tornadoes cut through several counties in Tennessee , injuring at least 29 people . The Salvation Army responded quickly to help storm victims and first responders in Tennessee and other affected states . The organization served more than 200 meals at an evacuee center in Chattanooga and set up a shelter at the Cleveland office . As the lines of storms stretched east Friday into Saturday , severe weather and tornadoes devastated other communities in Georgia , Ohio , Alabama and Ohio , causing severe damage and killing two people For a more complete list of organizations helping tornado victims across the Midwest and South , log on to CNN.com / Impact .	The National Weather Service confirms 42 tornadoes hit 10 states Friday and Saturday Another deadly wave of severe storms swept through the Midwest days earlier Disaster relief organizations mobilize across region to provide aid For a information on how you can help , go to CNN.com / Impact
Washington  CNN  -- Authorities evacuated Union Station , the main train terminal in Washington , D.C. , for part of Sunday afternoon due to a chemical odor from an overheated battery system , according to a spokesman for the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department . The evacuation ended just over an hour after it began , after a hazardous materials team responded and all train service had been suspended , said fire department spokesman Peter Piringer . One person was taken to a hospital for evaluation after complaining of dizziness , Piringer said . The odor , described as smelling like sulfur or natural gas , was due to the battery that backs up the train platform 's lighting system getting overheated , the spokesman said . Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said all rail traffic in and out of the station was suspended for 75 minutes due to the evacuation . Delays from the temporary suspension would probably affect train service through the afternoon , Magliari said . Subway service continued to operate during the evacuation , but trains were not stopping at Union Station , according to the Washington Metro Area Transit Authority . Regular subway service was to resume shortly after the evacuation lifted .	Chemical odor causes hour-long evacuation at Washington , D.C. 's Union Station Cause of odor was overheated battery system , official says One person taken to hospital for evaluation after complaining of dizziness Amtrak train service was suspended for 75 minutes , spokesman says
CNN  -- An 11-year-old Ohio boy is helping ease his family 's financial burdens , one toy at a time . Zach McGuire wants to do his part while his family goes through hard times , so he 's selling his toys . Zach McGuire is selling his toys to raise money for his family , which like others across the country , has bills piling up and a home in jeopardy . The youth said the idea came up during a conversation with his father . "  You ca n't live in toys , or eat toys , " he told CNN television affiliate WNWO . "  Even though they are fun , you do n't need them . " Zach plans to use the proceeds for a good cause : helping his unemployed father . Tom McGuire , a licensed contractor in Toledo , Ohio , has not had a job since December . The economy is partly to blame , he said , adding that he did a job last summer and never got paid . As the general contractor on the job , he said , he was financially liable for materials and the work of two subcontractors . "  I 'm out $ 30,000 , " McGuire said . The father said he is looking for work and is not relying on money from his son 's toy sales . But he appreciates his effort . "  Zach has a big , giving heart , " McGuire said . "  He came to me with this idea . He wants to contribute . " Watch how Zach McGuire is helping his family " It 's not the first time Zach has helped those in need . In 2005 , he sold Kool-Aid for victims of Hurricane Katrina and raised $ 400 . A few years later , it was "  Cocoa for California , " which he sold to help wildfire victims . "  I am very proud of him , " McGuire told WNWO . "  He is an 11-year-old boy not living the life of an 11-year-old . " Zach said everyone can do something . "  Even though they do n't feel like they could do anything , they could do a Kool-Aid stand , like me , " he said . "  It 's what you 're doing that matters and how you 're helping people . "	Zach McGuire of Toledo , Ohio , wants to help his out-of-work father The 11-year-old is selling his toys to bring a little money into the family "  You ca n't live in toys , or eat toys , " says the altruistic boy He 's helped others before , raising money for hurricane and wildfire victims
CNN  -- Emergency crews on Sunday recovered the body of the pilot of a vintage military jet that crashed into the icy waters of the Hudson River near Ulster , New York , the day before , an FAA spokeswoman said . Divers worked until sunset Saturday night , but were unable to extract the body of pilot Michael Faraldi from the ice - and mud-encased cockpit until they returned to the scene on Sunday . Faraldi 's jet crashed after he made a low pass over the Kingston-Ulster Airport , according to FAA spokeswoman Holly Baker . The plane dropped vertically and hit the ice , she said . Faraldi had taken off from Johnstown , Pennsylvania . New York State Police Captain Patrick Regan said witnesses at the airport told police that they saw the plane climb and then rapidly dive at some point before the crash occurred . Faraldi was apparently headed for Columbia County , New York , when he crashed , Regan said . Divers worked in 8 to 10 feet of water to attach straps to the plane , a 1969 BAC 167 Strikemaster jet , so that a recovery helicopter from a New Hampshire company could try to lift it out of the river Sunday afternoon , Regan said . At least part of the plane remained in the river Sunday afternoon , according to Baker . The plane is registered to Dragon Aviation , a company that performs in air shows , according to their website . CNN 's Nina Golgowski contributed to this report	NEW : Crews recover the pilot 's body from the Hudson River , the FAA says NEW : The next step is to remove the rest of the plane from the water , the FAA says The vintage military jet crashed Saturday near Ulster , New York
CNN  -- "  I am a canvas of my experiences , my story is etched in lines and shading , and you can read it on my arms , my legs , my shoulders , and my stomach . " -- Kat Von D , tattoo artist Tattoos have come a long way . Once lambasted as professional kryptonite and social sabotage , inked skin has now rooted itself in mainstream culture . In May , NBC News/Wall Street Journal released a poll that found 40 % of Americans have someone in their household with a tattoo , up from 21 % from 15 years ago . Last year , Forbes magazine said tattoos were becoming "  increasingly unproblematic across the board , " even in the workplace . But the workplace does n't seem to be ready for tattoos in certain areas -- mainly the face , head and neck . In 2011 , 31 % of employers nationwide told job website Career Builder that having a visible tattoo would hinder a candidate 's likelihood of being promoted . Earlier this year , Army Regulation 670-1 enforced new rules prohibiting soldiers from displaying tattoos on the head , face , neck , wrists , hands and fingers . "  Tattoos are getting more and more accepted , " said Alivia Foley , a 24-year old tattoo artist who has been inking clients full-time for six years in Seattle . "  But we 're not there yet . " "  People will start treating you differently once you become a heavily tattooed person , " said Foley , who has head and neck tattoos . Potential employers , law enforcement and even landlords can look askance at facial tats , in her experience . "  I just do n't think they 're for everybody , " she said . The accepted few Of course when Foley says highly visible tattoos are not for everybody , she means everybody who wants a professional job . For years American society has openly accepted celebrities who choose to sport highly visible tattoos . Boxer Mike Tyson , who had his face tattooed with a tribal symbol in 2003 , was an early adopter of the look . Rapper Gucci Mane said he inked an ice cream cone on his cheek because he 's "  cool as ice " and top-selling rap artist Lil Wayne has teardrops and "  Fear God " on his eyelids . Neck tattoos can be seen on anyone from urban youths to international arbiters of style . Rihanna and David and Victoria Beckham each have them . Even Oscar winner Jamie Foxx appears to have gotten a tribal symbol permanently drawn on the back of his head . "  Tattooing has gone from being counterculture to being something everyone is doing , " Foley said . "  But societal repercussions are still there , especially with highly visible tattoos on the face , neck or hands . " This is certainly true with nonfamous men and women . Canadian rapper Drake was irate when a young fan followed the instructions from his song , "  Free Spirit , " and got a tattoo of his name on her forehead . And take Jeremy Meeks , the "  Hot Felon " who boasts a Facebook fan page with more than 228,000 likes , but has had his teardrop tattoo PhotoShopped out of some Internet memes . The teardrop , often associated with gang culture and violence , does not fit the high-fashion aesthetic of his dreamy blue eyes . Perhaps our culture is more willing to overlook a criminal history than a conspicuous blotch of ink . Anyone considering a facial tattoo should be warned about the repercussions , said Foley , the Seattle tattooist . "  If a tattoo artist is not giving a lecture on a face tattoo , they 're not doing their job . " Foley will ink clients ' faces only if they are already heavily tattooed -- and even then she will meet with them beforehand to ensure they have a clear understanding of the societal risks . But those who want them can still get face , head and neck tattoos without proper consultation and warning . In fact , some crude designs are done by nonprofessionals at home or in prison settings . "  Honestly , the tattoo community used to be very tight-knit , " she said . "  But now you can buy kits off of Ebay and call yourself a tattoo artist without any apprenticeship or traditional training . " ' I feel more like myself ' No amount of warning deterred Vin Los . Los , a 24-year-old aspiring fashion model , spent years getting rejected from agencies because of his diminutive height . Finally , he says , after a New York modeling agency told him he 'd never get hired , he decided to make some changes to his appearance . Drastic changes . Los has more than 30 phrases tattooed on his body , including 12 across his face . They include words like fame , play , iconic face , sex , lick , Tokyo , and "  the most famous . " He estimated that his tattoo plans were initially rejected by eight artists . "  I know I 'm intense and I live my life to the fullest , " he said . "  But now I do n't have to tell people ` this is who I am or these are my dreams . ' " "  Now they can read it and they can see it . " Sounds like Kat Von D. Los thrives on the media attention he receives but still has not completed his dream of signing to a modeling agency . He works as a bagger in a Montreal , Canada , grocery store . "  I do n't get why people judge me , " he said . "  People look at me , but no one will say anything . A lot of people think I 'm crazy . " People 's reactions , and Los ' subsequent shock , come as no surprise to Michael Mantell , a San Diego psychologist . "  Tattoo lovers are bold , often rebellious and extremely identified with their body ink , " he said . "  They have a strong sense of identity and they have no intention of hiding . They are not scared of public opinion and would love to let others know what they believe in . " However , Mantell , who wrote an article titled "  The Psychology of Tattoos " for San Diego Magazine , said this boldness does not necessary translate into comfort with one 's self , especially when it comes to highly visible tattoos . "  Tattoos on the upper body in a spot that 's not typically covered says someone does n't care what other people think -- but do n't mistake that for a healthy sense of individuality , " he said . "  It 's more likely a sign of rebelliousness . " Mantell and Foley urged individuals to think before they ink highly visible tattoos on the face , head , neck and hands , again citing mainstream exclusion . But Los said he 's never felt more like himself . "  For 10 months , I was wearing makeup to hide the tattoos and little by little I began to show more , " he said . "  I am an artist and have always had the need to express myself , now I 'm just doing that on my skin . " Los said he is very happy with his decision and loves the way he looks . He never felt a part of society , and now he has the face to match . Do facial tattoos change your opinion of a person ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Tattoos have come a long way ; in 40 % of households somebody has one , according to a poll Highly visible tattoos on the face , neck , head or hands may not be as accepted by the mainstream Seattle tattoo artist says those with visible tattoos face rejection from employers , landlords Famous people can get away with face and head tattoos , but regular folks have a tougher time
CNN  -- Oh , the stories we storytellers tell . Like the story of brave Manti Te'o and his doomed girlfriend . We love a good story . We love spinning a good yarn . And we repeat and repeat and repeat them . Babe Ruth was a big boy from an orphanage . Seabiscuit was a little horse that lost its first 17 races . Jim Thorpe was a Native American born in 1887 or '88  as far as we know  with the name Wa-Tho-Huck . It is their legend , their lore . The same way that George Washington cut down that tree or Abe Lincoln split those logs . The same way that Lana Turner was discovered at a drugstore called Schwab 's or that Sylvester Stallone wrote the part of Rocky but would n't sell the script unless he could play it . Documented achievement is what turns a man or woman into a public figure . But the story behind the story , well , that is also a telltale aspect of any human 's fame . Yes , he did win this , she did win that , but come on , tell me a little more . How did they get this far ? Where did they come from ? Who influenced them ? What else should we know ? Muhammad Ali was n't a mere boxer ; he was a man who changed his name and faith , a man who would fight anybody in a ring but refused to go to a war , a perfect physical specimen and a loudmouth who fell frail and all but mute from an affliction he could n't beat . Lots of fighters won fights . The stories are what have made Ali Ali . It separates names from the norm . He or she is not just a success but a remarkable story , an inspiration , a believe-it-or-not . He was a left-handed pitcher with no right hand who threw a no-hitter for the New York Yankees .  Jim Abbott .  He ran in the Olympic Games on prosthetic legs .  Oscar Pistorius .  She sprinted to an Olympic gold even though they once nearly amputated her feet .  Gail Devers .  You ca n't make up stories like those . Joe DiMaggio was a ballplayer . We know that Joe played ball better than most . But we also know Joe was married to Marilyn Monroe . We can not tell you a lot about Willie Mays or Stan Musial except how they played ball . Both played it as well as Joe did ... hey , maybe better . But in some cases , the stories of certain greats are as unforgettable as their deeds . So , we tell their tales . The subjects often furnish the details . We rely on honesty for accuracy . A story that has been reported is a story that ends up repeated because it must be true . We lazily assume facts not in evidence . Or we lean on : "  Who would make up such a thing ? " Which brings us to Manti Te'o . The grim fairy tale of The Linebacker Of Notre Dame is one we likely will tell for a while . We woke up Thursday morning and began reading a story that got curiouser and curiouser with every sentence . His girlfriend was n't real ? She was n't in a car crash ? She did n't die of leukemia ? He never met her ? She did n't even exist ??? Irish blarney is a myth , is it not ? Pots o ' gold and St. Patrick and the snakes and how are things in Glocca Morra and all that ? Aye , we are n't so gullible that we will swallow anything , would we , now ? So , OK . We tell and retell the true and false legends of Knute Rockne and winning one for the Gipper and all that , but we do n't really mind . And maybe that October sky was n't really as blue-grey as Grantland Rice told us it was when those Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse rode to a great Notre Dame victory on the ol' gridiron . "  South Bend , it sounds almost like dancing ! " gushed Katharine Hepburn in "  The Philadelphia Story , " and what a funny story that was . Manti Te'o 's story , however ... . not so funny . He is a Notre Dame football star . Trust me , this alone is not a news event . Notre Dame turns out football stars the way Hostess turned out Twinkies . One after another after another . He is also a Hawaiian kid with an apostrophe in his surname . Now that , that is not something you see on a Notre Dame football field every Saturday . A nice , noteworthy thing , something that separated Te'o from the pack , somewhat . He is also a natural born leader . One who helped take Notre Dame to an undefeated season -- rare , in this day and age -- and to the national championship game . In the vote for the Heisman Trophy , given to college football 's top player of any given season , Te'o was the runner-up . That in itself is an honor , but for a linebacker to do such a thing , a defensive player , it is truly cool . Ahhh , but there was more to the Manti Te'o story , as we watched that story unfold . He had this girlfriend , see . Lennay Kekua was her lovely name . And she died . A few months ago , she was in a car crash , we were told . And then doctors found she also had leukemia , we were told . Her death , as well as that of his grandmother , broke Te'o 's heart . But on he played , gallantly , valiantly , fighting on for the Fighting Irish , remaining undefeated against adversity . Until at some point it turned out to be a hoax . Which at some point Notre Dame 's administrators discovered . Which at some point Te'o confirmed , although not publicly , not before that January 7 championship game against Alabama . Brent Musburger made the Alabama quarterback 's girlfriend an overnight sensation that night , gushing about her looks . Musburger did not make the Notre Dame linebacker 's girlfriend a star that night . She was n't there . Turns out , she was never anywhere . We love a good story and will continue to tell them . I , myself , once wrote of a Notre Dame football star , Chris Zorich , who played in the Orange Bowl one night , flew home to Chicago the next morning and found his mother dead inside their home . I made people cry with that story . I damn near cried myself while typing it . Manti Te'o 's story makes me want to laugh as much as cry . Mainly because I can barely comprehend it . All those stories being told out there on TV and in print about his "  girlfriend " -- uh , he might have mentioned to someone that he 'd never even met her . How do the movies put it ? "  Based on a true story ? " Well , based on a story , anyhow . Everybody 's is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : We love spinning a good yarn , like Manti Te'o and his doomed girlfriend Downey : Manti 's story become curiouser and curiouser with every new detail Think of all the legends  true or false  about Babe Ruth , Seabiscuit , Knute Rockne , he says Downey : Manti Te'o 's story makes him want to laugh as much as cry
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- An official with the Indian lawn bowls team has been diagnosed with dengue fever but is in stable condition , doctors confirmed Monday . Ruptu Gogoi was hospitalized on Friday , according to doctors , who suspect the 30-year-old male patient could have contracted the mosquito-borne viral disease from outside the Commonwealth Games athletes ' village in New Delhi . Gogoi had complained of feeling sick a day after he arrived at the athletes village last month , said Rajiv Sagar , a spokesman for the G.B. Pant Hospital in the city . Doctors , therefore , think he may have acquired the mosquito-borne viral disease from outside the facility , Sagar said . Dengue is the most common virus transmitted by mosquitoes in the world . It causes as many as 100 million infections and kills 25,000 people every year . Dengue is found in tropical and sub-tropical climates worldwide , mostly in urban and semi-urban areas , according to the World Health Organization . Meanwhile , after harsh criticism and controversy , the 2010 Commonwealth Games began Sunday with a lavish opening ceremony . Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium gleamed with multi-colored lights as representatives from Commonwealth countries walked the length of the field by turns , waving their flags and wearing traditional native costumes . It 's the first time India has hosted the international sporting event between countries of the former British Empire . The games , held every four years , include many Olympic events as well as other sports played traditionally in those countries . Among the competitions is lawn bowling , where the object is to get more of one team 's ball closer to a small white ball , or jack , than the opponent . Britain 's Prince Charles and Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil officially declared the games open . Prince Charles was representing his mother , Queen Elizabeth . The games have been a tough act for a nation that has never hosted such a large international event . Parliament has been forced to deal with accusations of corruption in the planning of the games . Two weeks ago , gunmen fired on a tourist bus in New Delhi and injured two Taiwanese tourists . A car blaze turned out to be a crudely manufactured bomb . And a militant group warned that it planned to target the games . Indian law enforcement authorities responded with a heightened security plan , placing thousands of extra forces on the streets of the capital . If all that were n't enough , two days before athletes were scheduled to begin arriving , complaints rang out across the globe about their shoddy living quarters . "  You know , construction dust is still there , filth , excrement , it really is disgusting in parts and it really requires a professional deep clean throughout the entire complex , " said Michael Hooper , chief executive officer of the Commonwealth Games Federation . As if to amplify Hooper 's complaint , a pedestrian bridge leading to Nehru stadium collapsed that same day . Two world-class athletes canceled their trips , citing security and health concerns . Entire teams threatened to do the same , while others delayed their arrival date . Indian officials went to work on a massive clean-up effort . In the end , athletes from 71 countries showed up . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Doctors think Gogoi may have contracted the disease outside the athletes ' village Dengue kills 25,000 people every year The games open in a lavish ceremony
CNN  -- A 25-year-old woman from Seattle , Washington , has become the fifth person to die from burns suffered when her fiance 's uncle invited them to his house in Puerto Rico and allegedly set them afire . According to a website set up by friends of the couple , Kate Donahue , 25 , died Thursday at Jackson Memorial Burn Center at the University of Miami , in Florida , where she and her fiance had been flown for treatment . Her fiance , Jesus Sanchez , died earlier in the week . Donahue worked at Group Health in Seattle ; Sanchez was an engineer at Boeing . "  They are very much in love , " Donahue 's mother , Michelle , told reporters when they were first hospitalized . "  Their last words before they were intubated were for each other . She loves him , he loves her and the last six months have been the happiest time of her life and the most important thing is love . " The couple had traveled to Puerto Rico so that Sanchez could introduce Donahue to his relatives . "  I got a text from her on New Year 's Eve telling me ` Happy New Year ' and what a wonderful time she was having , " Patrice Moore told a reporter about her niece , Donahue . "  And that was the last thing I heard from her . " The next day , Donahue and Sanchez were among 13 dinner guests at the house that Justino Sanchez Diaz shared with his parents and sister in the town of Florida , in north-central Puerto Rico , police said . But the 45-year-old unemployed furniture mover had prepared for the party by soaking the walls of his house with kerosene and placing kerosene containers in each corner of the dining room , according to Sgt. Frank Perez of the Arecibo Region Police Department 's homicide unit . At about 4:30 p.m , the suspect set fire to the room and the people in it , Perez said . "  There was no opportunity for anybody . " Nearly all of those who died suffered burns over 80 percent of their bodies , he said . Though the suspect had no police record , relatives told police they had long had problems with him , Perez said . He said Sanchez Diaz had burned down a henhouse in the backyard of his brother 's home five years ago . "  Many times the family hides their own problems , " he said . The suspect 's mother , 83 , died , he said . Also dead were his 17-year-old niece , who "  died quickly " with burns over 90 percent of her body . Another relative , age 32 , was fatally burned , Perez said . The suspect 's father suffered a heart attack the day after the attack . Upon his recovery , he was told that his wife had died , Perez said . Three other relatives were being treated for burns at the Medical Center of Puerto Rico in San Juan , according to Perez . Meanwhile , the suspect -- who suffered slight burns that required no treatment -- is being held in lieu of $ 1.5 million bond in a psychiatric correctional center , Perez said . His next court hearing is scheduled for Jan. 14 .	Fifth victim is a woman who had traveled to Puerto Rico to meet her fiance 's family She , her fiance and three others died from burns in the New Year 's Day attack "  The last 6 months have been the happiest time of her life , " the woman 's mother said
CNN  -- In 2007 and 2008 , the American economy suffered through its greatest crisis since the Great Depression . The Treasury Department estimates that from 2007 to 2009 , the heart of the Great Recession , more than 8.8 million American jobs disappeared and more than $ 19 trillion in household wealth was lost . In response to the crisis , the federal government took steps to reform our financial system , most significantly , passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . Signed into law by President Barack Obama four years ago Monday , this bill was designed to improve accountability and transparency in our financial system , ensuring we never again face a financial crisis of this magnitude . Regrettably , Dodd-Frank has done little to address the root causes of this crisis . Instead , by institutionalizing bailouts and undermining a competitive and fair marketplace , this law has joined Obamacare as another example of big government overreach that has ultimately done more harm than good for the American people . Wall Street reform law only half done At 849 pages , Dodd-Frank touches nearly every aspect of our financial system , from capital ratios of large financial institutions down to new rules on the credit cards most Americans have in their wallets . Dodd-Frank has only grown larger since Obama signed it . Much of the statutory text tasks Washington bureaucrats with writing nearly 400 rules . As of the first of this month , law firm Davis Polk reported 45 % of rulemaking deadlines have been missed . Since its enactment , Dodd-Frank has imposed $ 21.8 billion in compliance costs while producing regulations that require nearly 60 million hours of paperwork with which to comply , according to estimates by the American Action Forum , a center-right policy institute . These compliance costs can be devastating to small community banks and credit unions . Often they are the only financial institutions serving small towns and rural areas such as those throughout my district in western North Carolina . Assuming these small institutions can withstand this Dodd-Frank-induced regulatory onslaught and stay in business , they will join larger banks in passing these added costs along to consumers , driving up the cost of borrowing and reducing access to much-needed credit . Among the great indignities of the financial crisis : American families were footing the bill for the massive taxpayer-funded bailouts of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and other large financial institutions while struggling to scrape by in the broken economy . In 2009 , Bloomberg estimated that the U.S. government and other federal agencies had committed nearly $ 13 trillion to support these failing institutions . The nearly $ 13 trillion represented 90 % of the U.S. gross domestic product for 2008 . In signing the law , Obama claimed that never again would the American people foot the bill for these large firms . Yet amazingly Dodd-Frank does not just fail to end these bailouts , it cements them into law and greatly increases the likelihood the American people will be stuck with the federal government 's bailout tab again in the future . In addition to an alphabet soup of new agencies , such as FSOC  Financial Stability Oversight Council  and OFR  Office of Financial Research  , Dodd-Frank also gave us the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , a uniquely  some might say dangerously  unaccountable addition to our federal bureaucracy . Designed with the noble goal of consumer protection , the agency was given significant power to regulate financial offerings but was designed in a manner to leave it free of oversight from both the White House and Congress . Among the agency 's "  accomplishments " is its qualified mortgage rule that has negatively affected credit availability in the mortgage market . The rule has especially harmed those who have typically struggled to access credit in the past , women and minorities . A recent report from the Federal Reserve Board showed roughly one-third of black and Hispanic borrowers would not qualify for mortgages under the rule . Even more troubling is the bureau 's latest project , the National Mortgage Database . In an apparent effort to make the National Security Agency jealous , this database will track individual Americans and their personally identifiable information , including the most intimate personal and financial details , going back as far as 30 years . And this does not even begin to address the consumer agency 's management failures that have led to claims of discrimination and retaliation against minority employees going unpunished and spending $ 216 million to renovate its rented office space . Put simply , Dodd-Frank is but another failed big government "  reform " -- just like Obamacare , the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , and the stimulus . When will this administration realize more government does not solve problems , it is the problem ? Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Patrick McHenry : Wall Street reform law is n't working four years after enactment He says Dodd-Frank law has imposed billions in costs and millions of hours of extra work McHenry argues it is another example of big government overreach
Washington  CNN  -- The United States hopes cool , careful language will keep the North Korean crisis from boiling over . The United States has been vocal in condemning North Korea for what it calls an act of aggression and provocation in the March 26 sinking of a South Korean warship that killed 46 sailors . But you wo n't hear American officials call this "  an act of war . " In fact , from President Obama on down the chain of command in this latest Korean crisis , the word "  war " is missing in action . Obama set the tone , offering support and condolences to the South Koreans in March . Once an international investigation concluded last week that the patrol ship Cheonan was sunk by a North Korean torpedo , a White House statement called the ship sinking "  an act of aggression ... one more instance of North Korea 's unacceptable behavior and defiance of international law . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton hit the same notes during her trip to China . "  We are working hard to avoid an escalation , belligerence and provocation , " Clinton said Monday . "  This is a highly precarious situation that the North Koreans have caused in the region and it is one that every country that neighbors or is in proximity to North Korea understands must be contained . " Washington is standing with South Korea 's decision to halt trade agreements with North Korea . The United States also is emphasizing -- in both words and deeds -- its military ties to South Korea , including an announcement Monday at the Pentagon that the U.S. and South Korean militaries would conduct joint anti-submarine exercises . And the administration is holding its South Korean ally close . Clinton will be in Seoul on Wednesday , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates will meet his counterpart in coming weeks , while Obama will see South Korean President Lee Myung-bak at the Group of 20 conference of developed countries in Canada in June . But while White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday that U.S. support for the defense of South Korea is "  unequivocal , " he did n't mention war . "  Specifically , we endorse President Lee 's demand that North Korea immediately apologize and punish those responsible for the attack , and , most importantly , stop its belligerent and threatening behavior , " Gibbs said in a prepared statement . North Korea has denied it was responsible for the March 26 sinking and has threatened to back out of a nonaggression pact between the two Koreas . Despite that pact and the 1953 armistice that ended the Korean War , the North and South technically remain at war . And North Korea has a huge standing army ; it bristles with missiles and has tested nuclear weapons twice , in 2006 and 2009 . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last week the sinking of the ship was a violation of the armistice , but he chose the phrase "  act of aggression . " "  As we 've made clear , this was a clear and compelling violation of the existing armistice . It was without doubt a hostile act . It was provocative . It was unwarranted . I think our characterizations are broadly consistent , " Crowley said . Over at the Pentagon , Gates and Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , both sidestepped questions about whether what North Korea did constitutes an act of war . "  Well , first of all , we certainly support the findings of the Korean -- the South Korean investigation , " Gates said last week . "  We obviously are in close consultation with the Koreans . The attack was against one of their ships . And we will -- naturally they would have the lead in determining the path forward . They 've laid out some paths forward , and we will be consulting very closely with them as we move ahead . " Mullen was equally evasive . "  Certainly we 're concerned about it . We 've supported them . We 've helped them in the investigation , and we agree with the conclusion . They 're a great friend and great ally , and we 'll continue to do that , " Mullen said . Nicholas Szechenyi , a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , told CNN , "  If you respond to bombastic rhetoric with equally hot rhetoric , chances are this could escalate . " "  This is a very sensitive period , " Szechenyi said in a telephone interview . "  You have to be very careful in forming a response because North Korea is so unpredictable . You do n't want this crisis to develop into all-out war . " And Bruce Klingner , a northeast Asia analyst at conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation , said avoidance of the phrase "  act of war " is both a question of how legal experts may evaluate what happened according to international rules -- and one of caution about fanning the flames . "  It may be both definitional as well as concerns about inflammatory language , " Klingner said . He said the U.S. was taking an appropriate tack in supporting South Korea . But he pointed out that the South Koreans themselves , outraged by the ship 's sinking and loss of life , are treading carefully . "  The Korean people are angry , but not angry enough to bring about an all-out war on the Korean Peninsula , " Klingner said .	Term "  act of war " is missing in U.S. response to sinking of South Korean warship Hillary Clinton : U.S. "  working hard to avoid an escalation , belligerence and provocation " North Korea has denied responsibility for the March 26 sinking of ship "  This is a very sensitive period . You have to be very careful , " analyst says of situation
Former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb became the first person from either major party to officially launch a presidential exploratory committee to consider running for president in 2016 . Webb announced the exploratory committee Wednesday in a 14-minute online video in which he touts his military background and explains his motivations for considering a White House bid . Webb , a Democrat , would seek the Democratic nomination for President , likely facing off against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who is widely expected to announce her candidacy in the coming months . "  We desperately need to fix our country and to reinforce the values that have sustained us for more than two centuries , many of which have fallen by the wayside in the nasty debates of the last several years , " Webb explains in the video . Webb , a Marine Corps veteran who fought in Vietnam , served one term as a Democratic senator from Virginia , but also served in Republican President Ronald Reagan 's administration as assistant secretary of defense for reserve affairs before becoming Secretary of the Navy . Webb stresses in his announcement that he is "  not a career politician " though he has "  proudly spent several periods in government . " Webb spends much of the video discussing his and his family 's military background . His father served 26 years in the Air Force and he , his brother and his son all joined the Marine Corps . "  I fought on one of the Vietnam War 's harshest battlefields , " Webb says in the video . Webb also taps into the public 's frustration with "  divisive , paralyzed nature of our government " and hits on popular Democratic themes like poverty and income inequality , signaling that the Democratic Party needs to head in a new direction to help the poor . "  The Democratic Party used to be the place where people like these could come not for a handout but for an honest handshake , good full-time jobs , quality education , health care they can afford , and the vital , overriding belief that we 're all in this together and the system is not rigged , " Webb says . "  We can get there again . " Launching an exploratory committee is the first step candidates take before formally announcing their candidacy for president and allows them to begin raising funds for an eventual campaign . Webb also seems mindful that he would be an underdog heading into Democratic primaries -- especially if Clinton decides to run -- but notes that he won his Senate seat in Virginia despite having "  no money and no staff " when he announced his candidacy and being "  more than 30 points behind in the polls . "	Webb announced he is forming an exploratory committee in a 14-minute video Webb would likely face off against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination Webb touts his military service and insists he is "  not a career politician " in the video Launching an exploratory committee allows the candidates to begin fundraising
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- As an umbrella group of humanitarian entities called for "  urgent international support " Monday in flood-ravaged Pakistan , the United States was sending materials to provide shelter for almost 47,000 displaced Pakistanis . The U.S. Embassy said that a cargo aircraft carrying 530 rolls of heavy-duty waterproof and fire-resistant plastic sheeting for use as temporary shelters was sent by the United States to Karachi , Pakistan , on Monday , a day after another flight ferried 240 rolls of plastic sheeting to Karachi . "  Our experience has shown that plastic sheeting is urgently needed for temporary shelters , and we know it is urgently needed in Sindh as the flood waters continue to move south , " Ambassador Anne Patterson said in a written statement . "  It will be supplied along with locally purchased materials that can be easily moved when people are able to return home . " The embassy said the sheeting material will provide dry shelter for 46,800 people in Sindh province . It was going to a logistics hub in Sindh for distribution by local and international organizations . To date , the United States has committed approximately $ 76 million for Pakistan emergency flood relief assistance . But the overall global response has not been nearly enough , according to an International Rescue Committee-chaired consortium called the Pakistan Humanitarian Forum . About $ 150 million had been received from nations around the world by Monday , the group said in a news release , but much more is needed . "  The international response to the disaster has been too small to even begin to effectively address the needs of survivors , " said Tammy Hasselfeldt , the country director of the International Rescue Committee , in the release . "  The most urgent priority is to ensure that safe water as well as medicines are available , food supplies are restored and transportation networks fixed to accelerate the delivery of desperately needed aid . " John Holmes , the emergency relief coordinator for the United Nations , acknowledged Monday that the international community is just beginning to recognize the massive need in the flood-ravaged country . "  We know full well we have a lot of people still to reach , a huge distance still to go to make the assistance meet the need , " he said . "  That 's why we 've appealed for $ 460 million , and I 'm glad to say the international response is beginning to come in . " However , he warned that "  we need to see more -- we need to see a response that is commensurate with the size of the disaster that we 're seeing . " He noted that while the need is beginning to be recognized , "  unfortunately , the need is still rising because the floods are still rising in some parts of the country . " Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said Saturday that as many as 20 million of his countrymen have been affected by the flooding . The Pakistan Humanitarian Forum put the number at 14 million on Monday . The death toll from the flooding that 's raged more than a fortnight is up to 1,463 , and more than 2,000 people have been injured , the National Disaster Management Authority said Sunday . With about one-fifth of the country underwater , almost 900,000 homes have been damaged , the agency said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Sunday that while he has visited sites of natural disasters around the world , he has never seen anything like the devastation created by flooding in Pakistan . He said the disaster is worse than the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami and the 2005 Pakistani earthquake combined . "  Thousands of towns and villages have simply been washed away , " Ban said , speaking alongside Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari . "  Roads , buildings , bridges , crops -- millions of livelihoods have been lost . People are marooned on tiny islands with the flood waters all around them . They are drinking dirty water . They are living in the mud and ruins of their lives . Many have lost family and friends . Many more are afraid their children and loved ones will not survive in these conditions . " Water-borne bacteria and illness have become serious concerns . At least 36,000 cases of acute watery diarrhea have been reported , the United Nation 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in Islamabad on Saturday . Up to 3.5 million children are at high risk of deadly waterborne diseases including watery diarrhea and dysentery , which cause dehydration , said Maurizio Giuliano of the humanitarian affairs office . Children also are at risk for typhoid and hepatitis A and E , Giuliano said . Clean water is an urgent need , but UNICEF can not reach all those in need due to a serious lack of funds , Giuliano said . Medication is a priority , but funding shortages hamper the work of the World Health Organization even though plans are in place . Lack of proper food increases vulnerability , the United Nations said . President Zardari said his nation needs more international help to deal with the immediate recovery efforts as well as longer-term reconstruction and infrastructure development , according to spokesman Farhatullah Babar . Ban said he is allocating a further $ 10 million from the U.N. 's Central Emergency Response Fund , making $ 27 million allocated since the crisis began . According to ReliefWeb.int , more than two dozen countries , organizations and individuals have pledged about $ 305 million . Ban and Zardari have made a public plea to the international community to increase aid . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Samson Desta contributed to this report	NEW : U.N. official acknowledges international response has been slow The Pakistan Humanitarian Forum calls for "  urgent international support " Almost 900,000 houses have been damaged and as many as 20 million people affected The U.N. chief says he has never seen such devastation
CNN  -- An Australian woman often described as the world 's oldest blogger has died at the age of 108 after posting a final message about her ailing health but how she sang "  a happy song , as I do every day . " Olive Riley posted more than 70 entries on her blog -- or "  blob " as she jokingly called it -- since February 2007 Olive Riley died Saturday at a nursing home in New South Wales . Riley posted more than 70 entries on her blog -- or "  blob " as she jokingly called it -- since February 2007 . On the site , The Life of Riley , and in a series of videos post on YouTube , Riley mused on her day-to-day life . She also recounted living through two world wars and raising three children on her own while working as a cook and a bar maid . "  She had a wonderful memory , and an amazing zest for life , " said her friend Eric Shackle , who met Riley at a nursing home while visiting his wife , who has since passed . "  Just two weeks ago , she recalled the words of a song that was popular before World War II , and sang the chorus with me . " In a post titled "  Washing Day , " Riley wrote : "  You 21st Century people live a different life than the one I lived as a youngster in the early 1900s . Take washing day , for instance . These days you just toss your dirty clothes into a washing machine , press a few switches , and it 's done . " She then described how she helped do laundry as a youngster , starting with finding "  a few pieces of wood to fire the copper for Mum . " "  When the water in the copper began to boil , Mum would add a cupful of soap chips , and throw in a cube of Reckitt 's Blue wrapped in a muslin bag to whiten the clothes , " she wrote . "  Then she put in all the dirty clothes , first rubbing out the stains with a bar of Sunlight soap . ... that was jolly hard work . " Riley was born in 1899 and would have turned 109 on October 20 . She took up blogging at the suggestion of Mike Rubbo , who filmed a documentary on her life four years ago . "  First of all , I had to explain to her what a blog was and that took some doing , " Rubbo said . "  Then I got across the idea it was sort of a diary that she would share with the world . "  The reason for its popularity is that she was such a standout talent -- just so touching and funny and such a great story teller . " Various others have at times been labeled the world 's oldest blogger , including Spain 's Maria Amelia who was born in 1911 and given a blog by "  my grandson , who is very stingy . " Riley was 12 years older than Amelia . In her final post , dated June 26 , Riley wrote how she felt weak "  and ca n't shake off that bad cough . " She wrote of singing a "  happy song , as I do every day , " with a visitor to the nursing home , "  and before long we were joined by several nurses , who sang along too . It was quite a concert ! " Said Shackle : "  The thousands of loving messages she received from fellow bloggers in such places as Iceland , India , Iran , North and South America and Australia helped keep her alive in her final year . "  Her only regret was that she could n't reply to them . "	Olive Riley died Saturday at a nursing home in New South Wales She recounted life during 2 world wars , raising three kids and working as a barmaid In her final post , dated June 26 , Riley wrote how she felt weak
CNN  -- Out of sight , out of mind . That 's a mantra hotel guests tend to adopt as they tuck into rooms inhabited by hundreds of previous guests -- and possibly the microscopic germs and debris they leave behind . Best Western International on Thursday announced a new approach to cleaning those things visitors ca n't see . The chain said its aggressive cleaning program was inspired by research showing a lack of consumer confidence in cleanliness among midscale hotels . Starting this year , Best Western housekeepers will be equipped with ultraviolet sterilization wands to use on highly touched areas such as telephones , bathroom fixtures and light switches . UV black lights will be used during housekeeping inspections to detect biological matter and other particles , the chain said . Rooms will be outfitted with remote controls that are easy to clean or wrapped for cleanliness . Pillows , blankets and towels will be wrapped to show they 're freshly cleaned . A microscopic look at hotel hygiene Best Western plans to roll out the "  I Care Clean " program throughout 2012 after pilot programs yielded increased guest satisfaction . "  We are unlocking the potential of the housekeeping profession by providing new tools and training to help ensure customer satisfaction , loyalty and ultimately trust , " said Ron Pohl , Best Western senior vice president of brand management , in a statement . Howard Adler , a professor at Purdue University 's School of Hospitality and Tourism Management , said he suspects Best Western 's move was prompted by media reports of bodily fluids found on hotel surfaces . He said most hotel companies have excellent standards . "  In many cases hotel rooms are cleaner than peoples '  own  bedrooms or bathrooms , " he said via e-mail . Enforcing standards of cleanliness can be a challenge though . "  Housekeeping personnel are often called upon to take heavy loads and adding additional components to the routine will probably not be the answer , " he said . Solid training and a diligent follow-through are the most important factors to maintaining high housekeeping standards , Adler said . But new policies are sometimes adopted to calm guest fears . "  I relate this to homeland security . We are not any safer , but many people believe that we are , " he said . What do you think ? Is there a surefire way to eliminate germs ? Do you really want to know what 's in your room ?	Best Western rolls out new cleaning procedures Program is responding to a lack of confidence in midscale hotel cleanliness , chain says Black-light inspections , UV sterilization among its new housekeeping tools
CNN  -- Former South African leader Nelson Mandela was "  responding better to treatment " on Wednesday , President Jacob Zuma told the country 's Parliament . Mandela , 94 , has been in serious but stable condition since being rushed to a Pretoria hospital with a recurring lung infection , the president 's office has said . On Wednesday , Zuma signaled some optimism . "  I am happy to report that Madiba is responding better to treatment from this morning , " Zuma told Parliament ahead of a budget address , using the clan name by which Mandela is widely referred to in South Africa . "  We are very happy with the progress that he is now making , following a difficult last few days . "  We appreciate the messages of support from all over the world . ... We urge South Africans and the international community to continue to keep President Mandela and the medical team in their thoughts and prayers . " Family members also visited Mandela in the hospital Wednesday . In a written statement , Mandela 's grandson Nkosi Zwelivelile Mandela said they had been touched and heartened by the outpouring of public prayers and good will during "  a difficult period for the Mandela family . " "  We are fully cognizant of the fact that millions of people in the country and around the world regard Madiba as their parent and therefore are as much concerned about his well-being as we are , " he said . The family is satisfied with the care Mandela is receiving and shares everyone 's hope for his recovery , he said . The grandson also thanked the doctors , government and ruling African National Congress for their support . As Mandela lay in the hospital , children left hand-drawn "  get well " cards and message outside his Johannesburg home , reflecting the affection with which the nation regards its former president . History of lung problems Earlier Wednesday , government spokesman Mac Maharaj told SAFM radio that the anti-apartheid icon 's condition remained serious but stable and little changed from Tuesday . Over the weekend , the president 's office said Mandela was breathing on his own and his wife was by his side . Mandela 's daughter Zenani Dlamini , the South African ambassador to Argentina , flew back to South Africa to be with her father . Zuma visited Mandela late Monday and said he was satisfied with the medical care Mandela was receiving . Mandela 's former wife , Winnie , an African National Congress lawmaker , also visited him Monday . Mandela has been in and out of hospitals in recent years . Each episode has sparked renewed concerns . His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during the apartheid era , and he has battled respiratory infections over the years . He has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010 . Last year , he spent the Christmas holidays undergoing treatment for a lung infection and gallstones , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Errol Barnett and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	NEW : Children leave hand - drawn "  get well " cards outside Mandela 's Johannesburg home Relatives visit Nelson Mandela in the hospital , say they appreciate public support South African President Jacob Zuma signals optimism about Mandela 's condition Mandela , 94 , went to hospital Saturday with recurring lung infection
Washington  CNN  -- It 's a familiar refrain from the media-shy U.S. Supreme Court : Judge us by what we write in our rulings , not in oral arguments , speeches or interviews . But the court term that ended this week in dramatic fashion reveals how difficult it can be to create a coherent picture of this dynamic bench , one that moves easily , if stealthily , across ideological lines on a range of hot-button cases . This body , led by a relatively youthful 58-year-old chief justice , is one that is thinking long-term : conservative and cautious . The drama that played out over three days looked like a ping-pong match : • On Monday the court allowed affirmative action to continue in college admissions , while making it tougher in the future for public institutions to promote diversity in the classroom . Two liberal justices agreed with the five conservatives . Supreme Court sidesteps big ruling on Texas affirmative action • Tuesday , it was back to a familiar 5-4 , conservative-liberal split when the majority struck down the heart of the Voting Rights Act , leaving the federal government without its major enforcement tool to fight discrimination against minority voters . Court strikes down part of historic voting rights law • And the finale Wednesday , giving gay rights supporters a major political and social boost by striking down part of a federal law that did not recognize same-sex marriage in states where it was legal and essentially clearing the way for homosexuals to wed in California . Same-sex marriage rulings hailed as historic victory One case was split along ideological lines , with moderate-conservative Justice Anthony Kennedy the "  swing , " or deciding , vote ; the other produced an unusual coalition in the 5-4 divide . Missing was an overarching "  equal protection " right allowing gays and lesbians to marry in all states . The court is nowhere near that legal destination . So anyone in the political branches hoping for reliability from the current court , especially on social issues , may be disappointed . "  This is a conservative court -- conservative ideologically and conservative in the sense that they like to take baby steps , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of the well-respected SCOTUSblog.com . "  There are times when the court decides to act aggressively over time , for example limiting the use of race in government decision-making like affirmative action . Then there are other times when the court is more uncertain and wants to move more modestly . In the same-sex marriage cases it does n't want to force the entire country in one direction or another . " By the numbers It may surprise some , but the nine justices , despite their ideological differences , do like each other personally . And they readily find room for agreement . Sometimes . Half the 78 decisions from argued cases this his term were unanimous , 9-0 . But 30 % were split 5-4 , including voting rights , the two same-sex marriage cases , DNA testing for arrested criminal suspects , government electronic surveillance , and Native American adoptions . That is a higher percentage than in past years , according to SCOTUSblog , which annually compiles the numbers . Ten of the 23 cases decided by one vote had the familiar five conservatives prevailing : Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , and Samuel Alito . But six times Kennedy sided with his more progressive colleagues : Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan . In probably a first for this court : Thomas -- perhaps the most right-leaning -- was the decisive vote when he joined the four liberals in a criminal sentencing appeal . Scalia , too , was a friend of the left on several other criminal procedure cases . Cockeyed coalitions seem almost routine . But the figures overall show what court watchers have long known : Roberts , and especially Kennedy , played the greatest behind-the-scenes roles . Kennedy was in the majority 91 % of the time this term , and in the majority 87 % of the time in the 5-4 cases . That includes the three blockbusters this week , a display of the power he wields . Kennedy often high court 's swing vote and power broker Kennedy , who turns 77 next month , separately offered a broad embrace of gay rights , but a limited endorsement of federal authority in voting rights . Colleagues on the losing sides of the biggest cases spared no rhetoric slamming Kennedy 's personal views of the court 's "  primary role in determining the constitutionality of a law " as he wrote in the federal Defense of Marriage Act case , overriding the will of Congress . In supporting DOMA , Scalia said Kennedy was promoting "  judicial supremacy " over the other branches of government . In supporting the Voting Rights Act and the power of Congress to oversee states with a history of minority discrimination , Ginsburg noted the "  sad irony " when she said , "  Hubris is a fit word for today 's demolition of the VRA . ... Where is the court 's usual restraint ? " Even lawmakers have learned to accept the you-can ` t-win-them-all reality of the court 's jurisprudence . "  As disappointed as I was yesterday , I am happy today , " House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said when the same-sex marriage decisions were announced . Roberts rules If Kennedy is on the winning side more than any of his bench mates , the chief justice is not too far behind . Roberts ' key role crafting the opinion striking down part of the Voting Rights Act came after years of careful , incremental strategizing to limit the effect of racial classifications . In 2006 , with just months on the job , Roberts lamented , "  It is a sordid business , this divvying us up by race . " A year later discussing a case that struck down a voluntary school integration plan , he said firmly , "  The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race . " Then in 2009 , Roberts and the conservatives on the court sent a clear message to Congress : Fix the Voting Rights Act and its federal enforcement scheme or the court would have "  no choice " but to act as the constitutional arbiter . When lawmakers did not respond , the court in large measure did as it promised this week , in stunning fashion . President Barack Obama said he was "  deeply disappointed " in the decision , quite a shift from a year ago when Roberts led the court in upholding the Affordable Care Act , the president 's signature health care reform effort . Back then the president called that decision "  a victory for people all over this country . " While Kennedy dominates the 5-4 decisions , Roberts was in the majority only 61 % of the time . But many conservative legal scholars say the chief justice has a years-long view of the law and of his own power . That gives them hope for the future , even when they do not prevail today . "  It 's disappointing to see the representatives of the people in Congress having been overruled here , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel at the Judicial Crisis Network , about the DOMA ruling . "  But I think the silver lining is that we see , as the chief justice pointed out , that actually this is a somewhat narrow decision in terms of leaving it to the states to be worked out there in the future . " What worries many progressive activists is the conservative court 's consistently united voice on business-related cases , which typically dominate the docket . These disputes do n't generate the same political pulse as race and marriage , but carry a hefty legal consequence . "  As opposed to issues like the dismantling of affirmative action , where the court 's conservative bloc is divided and has trouble agreeing about how far and how fast to take the law , the court 's conservatives are completely united " on this front , said Doug Kendall , head of the Constitutional Accountability Center . "  Corporate America wins ; workers , consumers , mom and pop shops , and other individual Americans asserting their rights in federal court lose . Again and again . " The excitement of this term will spill over when the justices resume their work in October . Among the closely watched petitions : • Another affirmative action dispute and a Michigan voter referendum that bans racial preferences in public university admissions , state employment and government contracting . • Public prayers in town council meetings . • The validity of Obama 's recess appointments to a federal agency when the Senate was in a "  pro forma " session . Each member of the court at some point in their tenure begins to think about a personal legacy . Some of the  relatively  younger ones may think long-term ; the elder justices may realize they only have a few more years to make their mark . Three of the justices are in their 50s , three are in their 60s or early 70s ; three are 75 or older . That and the shaky ideological makeup create a court with subtly different agendas and demands . The tension over the 5-4 cases , the mixed-result efforts by Roberts to forge consensus , and the fact each of the chambers operates essentially as their own independent judicial shop means fixing a unified adjective on these nine justices is impossible . Several of the justices privately acknowledge this unique relationship among themselves . As one told CNN a few years ago , "  If we can agree , we will . If we ca n't , we do n't . That 's how we look at it , and that really is how it has been , at least as long as I have been on the court . And I expect it will continue . "	Supreme Court term ends this week in dramatic fashion with rulings on three hot-button topics Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy are power players on the court Expert : The court is conservative ideologically and in that "  they like to take baby steps " Next term the court will consider the validity of some of President Obama 's recess appointments
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Times and The New York Times were awarded two Pulitzer Prizes each Monday for their outstanding work in journalism . The New York Times ' Clifford J. Levy and Ellen Barry won in the international reporting category for their work on the struggling Russian justice system , while the paper 's David Leonhardt won for commentary . The Los Angeles Times won in the public service category for its coverage of Bell , a small California city where officials ' sky-high salaries sparked national outrage and then arrests . The paper 's Barbara Davidson won for feature photography . Surprisingly , given big news stories last year like the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the earthquake in Haiti , the prize board did not name a winner in the breaking news reporting category , a traditional favorite . Finalists in that category included the Chicago Tribune staff , for its coverage of the deaths of two Chicago firefighters , the staff at The Miami Herald and El Nuevo Herald , for their coverage of the Haiti earthquake , and the staff of The Tennessean for its coverage of a devastating flood , the board said . The Pulitzer Prizes are U.S. awards handed out once a year to recognize outstanding work in journalism and the arts . Read bios and more about this year 's winners Jennifer Egan 's book , "  A Visit from the Goon Squad , " won the award for fiction . Her book is about growing up and old in the digital age , the board said . In the music category , Zhou Long won for "  Madame White Snake , " which was premiered by Opera Boston at the Cutler Majestic Theatre in February 2010 . Paige St. John of the Sarasota Herald-Tribune in Florida won the investigative reporting award for her coverage of the state 's property-insurance system . ProPublica 's Jesse Eisinger and Jake Bernstein won in the national reporting category , while three photographers at The Washington Post won for breaking news photography for their work around the earthquake in Haiti . Here is a complete list of the 2011 Pulitzer Prize Winners : JOURNALISM Public Service -- Los Angeles Times Breaking News Reporting -- No Award Investigative Reporting -- Paige St. John of Sarasota Herald-Tribune Explanatory Reporting -- Mark Johnson , Kathleen Gallagher , Gary Porter , Lou Saldivar and Alison Sherwood of Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Local Reporting -- Frank Main , Mark Konkol and John J. Kim of Chicago Sun-Times National Reporting -- Jesse Eisinger and Jake Bernstein of ProPublica International Reporting -- Clifford J. Levy and Ellen Barry of The New York Times Feature Writing -- Amy Ellis Nutt of The Star-Ledger , Newark , New Jersey Commentary -- David Leonhardt of The New York Times Criticism -- Sebastian Smee of The Boston Globe Editorial Writing -- Joseph Rago of The Wall Street Journal Editorial Cartooning -- Mike Keefe of The Denver Post Breaking News Photography -- Carol Guzy , Nikki Kahn and Ricky Carioti of The Washington Post Feature Photography -- Barbara Davidson of Los Angeles Times ARTS Fiction -- "  A Visit from the Goon Squad " by Jennifer Egan  Alfred A. Knopf Drama -- "  Clybourne Park " by Bruce Norris History -- "  The Fiery Trial : Abraham Lincoln and American Slavery " by Eric Foner  W. W. Norton & Company Biography -- "  Washington : A Life " by Ron Chernow  The Penguin Press Poetry -- "  The Best of It : New and Selected Poems " by Kay Ryan  Grove Press General Nonfiction -- "  The Emperor of All Maladies : A Biography of Cancer " by Siddhartha Mukherjee  Scribner Music -- "  Madame White Snake ' " by Zhou Long  Oxford University Press	The papers snag two awards each A prize is not given in the breaking news reporting category Jennifer Egan 's "  A Visit from the Goon Squad " wins for fiction
CNN  -- While the Bible Belt is known for its devotion to traditional values , Southerners do n't do so well on one key family value : They are more likely to get divorced than people living in the Northeast . Southern men and women had higher rates of divorce in 2009 than their counterparts in other parts of the country : 10.2 per 1,000 for men and 11.1 per 1,000 for women , according to a new report from the U.S. Census Bureau released Thursday . By comparison , men and women in the Northeast had the lowest rates of divorce , 7.2 and 7.5 per 1,000 , which is also lower than the national divorce rate of 9.2 for men and 9.7 for women . "  In the South , there are higher rates of marriage and higher rates of divorce for men and women , " said Diana Elliott , a family demographer with the U.S. Census Bureau and co-author of the new report . "  In the Northeast , you have people who are delaying first marriages , and consequently there are lower rates of marriage and lower rates of divorce . " Of the 14 states reporting divorce rates for men that were much higher than the U.S. average -- ranging from 10.0 to 13.5 per 1,000 -- most were in the South . They included Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , Oklahoma , Tennessee and Texas . In contrast , men in the Northeast divorced less than the national average . Five of the nine states that had divorce rates for men significantly below the U.S. average -- ranging from 6.1 to 8.5 -- were the Northeastern states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania . The same was true for Southern women . Nine of the 14 states with divorce rates for women above the U.S. average , ranging from 10.7 to 16.2 , were in the South . They included Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Kentucky , Mississippi , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Texas and West Virginia . By comparison , four of the 10 states with below-average divorce rates for women , ranging from 6.0 to 8.9 , were in the Northeast : Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania . A divorced mother of two who grew up in Virginia and is now living in the Atlanta area , Lynn  not her real name  said she knows why her eight-year marriage failed . She and her ex-husband got married after a whirlwind three-month courtship , and she now knows , "  You really do n't know somebody after three months . " She did n't have a college degree when she got married , although she did eventually graduate from college and is now a teacher . Lynn said she can see some reasons that Southerners divorce at higher rates than the nation as a whole . "  Where I grew up in Virginia , I saw some of my peers not finishing high school , some not going to college and some not finishing college , " she said . "  I saw a lot of people just staying in my hometown , staying in dead-end jobs , just settling , taking very little risk-taking for their careers . " Youth and lack of education can lead to higher divorce rates , said D'Vera Cohn , a senior writer with the Pew Research Center , who wrote a report on "  The States of Marriage and Divorce . " There 's also an interactive map on the website . "  There tend to be higher divorce rates in states where women marry young , " Cohn said . "  Education also may play a role . In general , less educated women marry at younger ages than college-educated women , and less educated couples have higher divorce rates . " Values about premarital sex associated with the Bible Belt and rural America may be encouraging people to marry early , at ages when they are likely to have less education and less income to support a long-lasting marriage , according to Naomi Cahn , law professor at The George Washington University Law School and co-author of "  Red Families v. Blue Families : Legal Polarization and the Creation of Culture . " "  There 's a moral crisis in red states that 's produced by higher divorce rates and the disparity between parental values and behavior of young adults , " said Cahn . "  There is enormous tension between moral values and actual practices . " Lawrenceville , New Jersey , resident Jennifer DeBord , a married mother of two girls , made many decisions that could keep her 13-year marriage strong . She finished college , explored different careers , dated a few different men and lived with one boyfriend before figuring out what she wanted in a mate . DeBord and her husband , Jason , who works as a Broadway conductor and musician , both moved to New York City to pursue their careers in the arts . "  Waiting allowed me to find the person who was right for me , not the person who was available , " said DeBord , 42 . "  In my mother 's time , you married the first person you spent time with . I would have divorced that guy . I had a much better idea of who I was  when I married  at 29 versus who I was at 19 . " It 's ironic that pressure on people to get married early also puts them at higher risk of divorce , said Stephanie Coontz , history and family studies professor at The Evergreen State College in Olympia , Washington , director of research and public education for the Council on Contemporary Families , and author of "  Marriage , A History : How Love Conquered Marriage " and other books . "  The very fact that people feel less pressure to get married  in the Northeast  means they can be more selective about who they marry and take their time , " Coontz said . "  They do n't have to rush into it to please parents or avoid stigma of premarital sex . " Whatever the reasons for the South 's higher divorce rate , Christian author Jonathan Merritt said that church leaders are focusing more on divorce recovery when they should be focusing on preventing divorce . "  The faith community has a twofold responsibility regarding divorce : We need to respond to the divorce epidemic among our own ranks and we need to address the trend among the broader culture , " said Merritt , author of "  Green Like God : Unlocking the Divine Plan for Our Planet , " who also ministers at Cross Pointe Church in Duluth , Georgia . "  Marriages and families within faith communities are no healthier than in the rest of society . Faith communities must provide support systems to salvage damaged marriages and resurrect dead marriages . " Meanwhile , divorce still pushes more women into poverty than men and affects their children , since children are still more likely to live with their mothers  75 %  than their fathers  25 %  , according to the same U.S. Census report . Some other findings : • Women divorcing in the past year were more likely than men to be in poverty  22 % versus 11 %  . • Women divorcing in the past year had less household income than their male counterparts . Of those women , 27 % had annual household incomes below $ 25,000 , compared with 17 % of divorced men . • Women who divorced in the past year were more likely to receive public assistance than men  23 % versus 15 %  . • Children living with a parent divorcing in 2009 were more likely to live in poverty  28 %  compared with other children  19 %  and more likely to live in a rented home  53 %  than other children  36 %  .	New Census Bureau report finds divorce higher in South than Northeast Expert : Youth and lower education can lead to higher divorce rates Christian author : Churches need more focus on divorce prevention
The most chilling place I 've ever visited is the former Nazi death camp of Dachau , not far from Munich , Germany . Nobody enters Dachau . It enters you . First as a series of surface impressions : the gate with the infamous sign and heinous lie , "  Arbeit Mach Frei "  Work Will Set You Free  , the crematorium and gas chambers , the gallery of black and white photos . On our visit in the middle of winter , the atmosphere felt so charged with particles of memories and electrons of history floating around that it was like being in the middle of an electrical storm , but everyone was too horror struck to say anything . Until then , all our knowledge of World War II had come from secondhand sources , like memoirs and movies . Now we were seeing it all as if for the first time , while feeling a part of history instead of apart from it . And that gave the holocaust a whole new authority and authenticity . This is one of the purposes of "  dark tourism , " a type of travel that 's been gaining ground and winning proponents as more wanderers search out "  authentic experiences , " preferring hard-bitten realism to Photoshopped fantasies , and home truths over tourist-board propaganda . The genre has also gained a newfound respectability in academic circles after the establishment of the Institute for Dark Tourism Research  iDTR  at the University of Lancashire in England in 2012 , which defines it as : "  the act of travel to sites , attractions and exhibitions of death , disaster or the seemingly macabre . Dark tourism is a broad ranging and often contentious consumer activity that can provoke debate about how death and the dead are packaged up and consumed within the modern visitor economy . " These attractions , which include both the 9/11 Memorial in New York and Dracula 's Castle in Romania , are surging in popularity among visitors to Southeast Asia , where sights that chronicle the Vietnam War and the 2004 Asian tsunami , the rise of colonialism and the fallout of World War II , supply insights and shivers in equal doses . Hanoi Hilton History is full of Orwellian ironies , like the oppressed turning into the oppressors . Hoa Lo Prison , constructed by the French in 1896 to house Vietnamese revolutionaries , is one such paradox -- it eventually became a jail for the communists to hold American fighter pilots grounded by gunfire over North Vietnam . When "  dark tourism " destinations are presented with artistic panache the results go far beyond partisan politics and propaganda purposes . The "  Hanoi Hilton , " as it was sarcastically dubbed by its American inmates , uses a multimedia approach to conjure the reality of death row . Dungeon-dim lighting and effigies of shackled prisoners are combined with expressionistic etchings of inmates on the courtyard walls , grainy film footage of aerial combat scenes and an actual French guillotine used to behead Vietnamese prisoners , to provide a level of physical and psychological immersion that feels like incarceration . Hoa Lo Prison , 1 Hoa Lo St. , Phu Khanh village , Hoan Kiem , Hanoi , Vietnam ; +84  0  4 824 6358 Bangkok Forensic Medicine Museum Students who come to bone up on anatomy at the Songkran Niyomsane Forensic Medicine Museum in the Thai capital bow to thank the skeletons in the glass cases whom they address as "  ajarn yai "  headmaster  . For them , this is a classroom not a crypt . Having spent a lot of time here while researching a true crime and Asian horror novella about the country 's most prolific serial killer , See Ouey , whose preserved corpse is housed in a glass case , I 've been astonished by how many adolescents visit the museum to gawk at the graphic autopsy photos and Exhibits A to Z of murder weapons . But these are instructional , too . The images show neither the glamorized violence found in Hollywood films  the slow motion ballet of bullets flying and bodies falling  , nor the cartoonish violence of computer games . What they depict are slices of death served raw and real . But there 's a brighter side to dark tourism . In front of the glass jars holding the tiny fetuses of infants and stillborn babies , locals have left candy , dolls and toys to appease their spirits , make Buddhist merit and ward off hauntings . Songkran Niyomsane Forensic Medicine Museum , Siriraj Hospital , 2 Prannok Road , Siriraj , Bangkok Noi , Bangkok , Thailand ; +66  0  2 419 7000 6363 The Killing Fields , Cambodia The first time I visited the Choeung Ek Killing Fields outside Phnom Penh in 2003 , I was transfixed by a tree with a sign on it that read in Khmer and English : "  Chankiri tree against which executioners beat children . " This was done to save bullets . My driver pointed at the nails sticking out of the tree that had been used to drive home the regime 's barbarity and speed up the executions . Just then , a little girl appeared , right beside the tree , her face peeking over an urn stacked with bones that went up to her neck . It was as if an apparition of the deceased had appeared before us , when in fact it was one of the many children who used to beg here . The tree is still there , but the kids are not . When local authorities renovated the so-called Killing Fields in 2011 , this series of mass graves , where the Khmer Rouge executed and buried the inmates of Tuol Sleng , a high school turned torture chamber , they turned it into a full-fledged tourism spectacle , complete with audio tours , benches , refreshment stalls and souvenir stands . It 's certainly a much more audio-visual experience than it used to be . Now you can listen to the Khmer Rouge songs that once blasted from speakers to drown out the cries of the condemned men and women being beaten to death with the axles of oxcarts , or having their throats slit with the serrated edges of a palm frond . Still , I was of those who had to wonder , as the top "  tourism attraction " in Phnom Penh , when does big business become blasphemy ? Choeung Ek Killing Fields are located about a 30-minute drive from the center of Phnom Penh . Penang War Museum , Malaysia It takes a gruesome pedigree to make it onto National Geographic Channel 's Top 10 List of most haunted places in Asia , as named in its series , "  I Would n't Go In There . " Sitting atop "  Ghost Hill , " beside Chinese graveyards and tower blocks , the Penang War Museum in Malaysia has just such a pedigree . "  This was one of places that was most fascinating for me , " the show 's host , Robert Joe , told CNN . But it may be more haunted by history than otherworldly forces . "  People might think it 's a ghost show , but it 's actually a history show , " said Joe . "  We investigate places that have ghost stories , but these places are actually haunted by history . A lot of terrible things happened . " The museum in Penang is no exception . Much of its history revolves around World War II atrocities . As the legend of "  Vlad the Impaler , " a despotic ruler from Romania , birthed the Dracula legend , so the bloodthirsty reputation of a Japanese police colonel named Tadashi Suzuki , whose constant companion was a samurai sword he used to behead locals , created a phantom said to still haunt "  Ghost Hill . " A few other ghouls whose effigies adorn the trails twisting around the museum are said to roam free -- ghouls that the workers claim they saw when clearing the property some 10 years ago . Penang War Museum , Lot 1350 Mukim 12 , Merah Barat Daya , 11960 , Malaysia ; +60  0  16 421 3606 Tsunami tombstones The towering waves triggered by the underwater earthquake off the coast of Indonesia on December 26 , 2004 , claimed victims as far away as Somalia and triggered aftershocks in Alaska . The worst natural catastrophe of the century thus far , the tsunami left a trail of havoc along Thailand 's Andaman Coast . The most prominent memorial is a police boat on Khao Lak -- the beach community north of Phuket that bore the brunt of the waves ' wrath in Thailand . Some 20 meters long and 50 tons huge , the vessel was swept about one kilometer inland , where it 's remained immobile at the bottom of a foothill . It 's a few minutes walk from the International Tsunami Museum , heavy on photos and videos but light on science and artifacts . Farther down the coast , in the coastal village of Ban Nam Khem , which was almost completely annihilated after being slammed by three successive waves , two fishing trawlers , known locally as the "  Blue Angel " and "  Red Devil , " have been left in an empty lot a kilometer inland to commemorate the 6,000 victims in Thailand . Also in the village , the Tsunami Memorial Park features a wave-shaped tunnel leading past plaques , photos , flowers and other offerings for the dead . The images in the nearby museum chronicle the collaborations between volunteers and locals , travelers and expats , monks and medical professionals and manual laborers , who formed an hoc team of altruists in action . When grasping for superlatives to describe the extremities of that tumultuous situation for the final novella , "  Tsunami , " in my new collection , I recalled a line from Malcolm Lowry 's novel "  Under the Volcano , " set on the Day of the Dead in Mexico , one of the most important events on the dark tourism calendar : "  But it 's amazing when you come to think of it how the human spirit seems to blossom in the shadow of the abattoir . " Perhaps that could also serve as a guideline for those who dare to travel on the dark side of the road . The International Tsunami Museum and police boat is at 39/8 Moo 6 , Bang Niang , in Khao Lak ; +66 81 442 5660 . The Ban Nam Khem Tsunami Memorial Park is located in the village of Nam Khem , about 30 kilometers north of Khao Lak .	Dark tourism is gaining ground as more travelers seek out authentic experiences Establishment of the Institute for Dark Tourism Research has given the genre newfound respectability Sites in Southeast Asia include Cambodia 's Killing Fields , Thailand tsunami memorials , ` haunted ' Penang Hill
Novak Djokovic ended one of the most remarkable winning streaks in sport after taking Rafael Nadal 's Monte Carlo Masters crown on Sunday . Nadal had been seeking to win the clay tournament for the ninth successive year , but fell to his first defeat in the principality since 2003 as the Serbian underlined his status as the world 's top tennis player with a 6-2 7-6  7-1  victory in one hour 52 minutes . It halted Nadal 's 46-match winning run , and was the Spaniard 's second defeat in five finals since making his comeback from knee injury in Chile in February . "  It 's such a great pleasure to win here , it 's very special , " said Djokovic , who lives in Monte Carlo . "  Rafa , thanks for allowing me to win here at least once . I ca n't ask for a better start to the clay season . " Nadal , who had been sidelined for seven months , has now lost six of his 44 clay finals -- three of them to Djokovic , who will be hoping to stop the 11-time grand slam champion defending his French Open title when the season 's second major starts at the end of next month . The 25-year-old now has a 15-19 record against Nadal , whose last defeat on clay during the month of April was back in 2005 . "  What Novak is doing is just amazing , " said Nadal , known as the "  King of Clay . " "  Congratulations for winning my favorite event and all the best for the rest of your season . "  Last year was especially hard for me , but I had the support of my team and my fans . That was a very positive energy for me and gave me motivation to play here again . " Djokovic has also overcome recent injury problems , having been a doubt for Monte Carlo after hurting his ankle on Davis Cup duty . "  If somebody told me 10 days ago I 'd be winning the trophy , I would n't think it 's so realistic , to be honest , " he said . "  I went through pain , I went through a big challenge , mentally , physically , emotionally , and in the end it was getting better as the tournament was going on . " Sunday 's final was delayed by almost 45 minutes due to rain , but when play finally got under way it was Djokovic who took charge , losing just 12 points in the first five games and then wrapping up the set when Nadal double-faulted . The second set was a lot tighter , and featured four breaks of serve , but Djokovic retained his composure to comfortably win the tie-break and earn the 37th title of his career and his 14th at Masters level -- eight behind Nadal 's leading 22 . Djokovic had been beaten by the 26-year-old Nadal in the 2009 and 2012 finals in Monte Carlo . Last year he lost in straight sets just days after the death of his grandfather . Meanwhile , Russia booked a place in the final of the women 's Fed Cup competition after overturning a 2-0 deficit against Slovakia in Moscow on Sunday -- becoming the first team to ever do so . Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina won the deciding doubles rubber , beating Dominika Cibulkova and Daniela Hantuchova 4-6 6-3 6-1 in two and a half hours . Maria Kirilenko had earlier kept Russia in the semifinal , winning 7-5 6-1 against Cibulkova before Makarova leveled the scores with a 6-3 4-6 6-4 win over Hantuchova . The Russians , seeking a fifth title , will play Italy in November 's final following Monday 's completion of the delayed second semi . The Czech Republic , seeking a third consecutive title , lost 3-1 in Palermo as Roberta Vinci clinched the decisive point with a 6-3 6-7  2-7  6-3 win over Lucie Safarova . "  This is an incredible moment , an incredible victory , " Vinci said . "  The crowd was really important today . But now we 're in the Fed Cup final again , so I 'm really happy . "  I think this is the best time in my tennis career . " Italy won the title in 2009-10 , and also in 2006 , but lost to the Czechs in last year 's semifinals . In another match delayed by weather , Australia won through to the World Group playoffs by beating Switzerland 3-1 on Monday , joining Germany , Spain and the United States .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic wins the Monte Carlo Masters for the first time Serbian stops Rafael Nadal 's bid to claim a ninth successive title Djokovic avenges his final defeats by Nadal last year and in 2009 Nadal 's last defeat in the principality was back in 2003
CNN  -- Gusty winds knocked down trees throughout northern Georgia and the Carolinas on Saturday as severe storms brought heavy rains , tornado watches and flood warnings . In Charlotte , North Carolina , a man died in a weather-related car accident . According to police , the 33-year-old motorist was driving through heavy rain when the car ran off the road , turned sideways in the wet grass and the driver 's side struck a utility pole . Three other passengers in the car , including a toddler , were taken to the hospital , but had no life-threatening injuries , police say . At Raleigh-Durham international Airport , also in North Carolina , wind gusts reached 85 mph , which was higher than the wind speed recorded at the airport during hurricanes Ivan and Fran , according to the National Weather Service . Dangerous winds move through Northern Rockies High winds blew down part of a condo that was under construction , leaving behind a heap of plywood , according to CNN affiliate WTVD . Thousands lost power in parts of North and South Carolina , according to Duke Energy . In Georgia , firefighters successfully rescued a teenager from a mobile home after it was hit by a tree Saturday morning . "  The 14-year-old girl was trapped between the tree and some flooring that had already been knocked away , " said Tim Cavender , a spokesman for the Cherokee County Fire Department , north of Atlanta . He said the girl was in serious condition when she was taken to the hospital , but was alert and talking with paramedics . A 2-year-old was rescued , suffering only minor abrasions . Meteorologists say a cold front that pushed off to the east produced widespread showers and thunderstorms that stretched from the Gulf Coast northward into New England . Severe thunderstorms also struck coastal areas of the Southeast . The South was n't the only area hit hard by storms Saturday . High wind gusts of up to 85 mph were recorded in Browning , Montana , according to the National Weather Service .	NEW : One person dies in weather-related accident Tornado watches and flood warnings issued for much of eastern U.S. Firefighters rescue two children from mobile home in Georgia after tree falls Wind gusts higher than those from hurricanes measured in Raleigh
CNN  -- Dr. Mehmet Oz is being sued for injures sustained by a New Jersey man . Was this person under Dr. Oz ' care ? Was he someone Dr. Oz had spoken with about a medical issue ? Did Dr. Oz , in an uncharacteristic fit of anger , punch the Jersey guy ? Nope . This man is simply one of the millions of people who have watched Dr. Oz on TV over the years . So why is he suing ? Because , the plaintiff claims , he was injured when he tried Dr. Oz ' home sleep remedy known as the "  Knapsack Heated Rice Footsie . " Shake your head in disbelief all you want , but this is far from the most ludicrous lawsuit we have seen in recent years . Who can forget the Michigan woman who filed a lawsuit in 2011 against the producers of the film "  Drive " ? Her complaint alleged that she was misled by the movie 's trailer which promised "  Fast and the Furious " type driving , which , alas , the film did n't deliver . And then there was the lawsuit filed last year against the Dallas Cowboys by a woman claiming she sustained burns on her legs . What did she say the Cowboys did wrong ? She claims they failed to warn her that sitting for an extended period of time on a black bench outside the Cowboys ' stadium on a hot August day could cause burns . More ? Well , while in Tennessee , a couple sued Steak 'n Shake after their son ingested a sauce labeled "  Mega Death Hot Sauce . " It should be noted that the sauce bottle bears the image of a skull engulfed in flames . And that brings us to Dr. Oz . On his April 17 , 2012 , show , he offered advice about how to sleep better . One suggestion was filling the toe of a pair of socks with uncooked rice . The socks were then to be placed in the microwave and heated until warm . However , Dr. Oz expressly warned viewers , "  Do n't get it too hot , just warm . " The heated footsie was then to be worn for 20 minutes . The reasoning being that the heated socks will cause blood to be diverted to your feet , which in turn will cool the rest of your body . As Dr. Oz explained , "  you 're going to be able to sleep better because your body has to be cold in order to be sleepy . " However , the plaintiff claims that he suffered third degree burns from this remedy . How ? Well , he apparently fell asleep with the socks on and did n't realize his feet had been burned until he woke up in the middle of night and tried to walk . The plaintiff also claims that Dr. Oz should have offered a specific warning to avoid using this remedy to people who , like him , have diabetes and hence less feeling in their feet . Let 's be honest : These above lawsuits are at best legally questionable and at worst frivolous . But do n't blame the person seeking the money . Blame the lawyers . Personal injury lawyers have enticed people for years with their TV commercials and ads on the walls of buses and trains telling us that if you have been wronged , you might be entitled to a big cash award or settlement . This is , of course , followed by the line : "  We do n't get paid unless you do . " So , understandably , people flock to these lawyers with complaints about every imaginable wrong seeking a payday . The lawyers then file lawsuits , hoping for a quick settlement so that they can do as little work as possible before seeing their own payday . Full disclosure : When I practiced law , I represented corporations against lawsuits . Consequently , I 'm a bit biased against plaintiffs ' lawyers . But it 's easy for even a non-corporate lawyer to see that these ridiculous lawsuits give the reputable plaintiffs ' attorneys -- and , frankly , all lawyers -- a black eye . It 's not that I 'm without sympathy for the growing number of lawyers out there struggling to make ends meet . The practice of law has grown increasingly competitive and challenging . I can understand the lure of taking a questionable case that will reap you some media coverage and money . But that 's not a good enough reason to do it . Lawyers need to collectively rein in these types of cases . If they do n't , the government will do it for them under the guise of "  tort reform . " The new laws that result would in all likelihood make it harder to file a lawsuit and would limit damages in personal injury cases . And this will make it even more challenging for lawyers to earn a living . Worse , these reforms may prevent some truly injured people from receiving the full compensation they deserve because of caps on damages . As for Dr. Oz , I hope that he does n't settle quickly out of court . Instead , I hope they fully litigate this case . In all likelihood he will prevail . But even if the plaintiff does ultimately win , it still will have sent a clear message to plaintiffs ' attorneys who take these legally questionable cases : If you want money , you are going to have to really earn it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Dr. Oz being sued by N.J. man who burned his feet on rice in socks Obeidallah says Oz 's rice sleep aid suggestion gave rapacious lawyers chance to pounce He says lawyers seeking quick buck take such cases , settle them , give bad name to lawyers Obeidallah : Frivolous suits boost call for tort reform , hurt lawyers in end , and also injured people
CNN  -- A multiagency search is under way for the killers of two U.S. citizens in northern Mexico , according to Chihuahua state officials . A girl stands at the coffin of Mormon church leader Benjamin LeBaron in Chihuahua State . Benjamin LeBaron , 32 , and his brother-in-law , Luis Widmar , in his mid-30s , were beaten and shot to death after armed men stormed into their home in Galeana on Tuesday morning . The killers have yet to be identified , but the case seems to be connected to local drug lords , said Arturo Sandoval , a spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office . Sandoval said a note was found on LeBaron 's body , but he could not confirm the contents . Local media reported that the note indicated the slayings were in retribution for the capture of 25 drug suspects in a nearby town . LeBaron 's younger brother , Eric , was kidnapped in May and returned unharmed after a week . The incident prompted LeBaron to become a nationally recognized anti-crime activist who moved the local community to take a stand . "  There are no leaders here , or we are all leaders , " LeBaron 's brother , Julian LeBaron , told CNN television affiliate KINT in El Paso , Texas . "  If they kill my brother another three will take his place , and if they kill us , another hundred will take their place . We are not giving up . No way . " The LeBaron brothers belonged to the "  Community of LeBaron " in the Municipality of Galeana , a township founded by ex-communicated Mormons .	Benjamin LeBaron and his brother-in-law are shot dead in their home The killers have yet to be identified , but the case seems tied to local drug lords Local media : Slayings retribution for capture of drug suspects in town nearby LeBaron was a nationally recognized anti-crime activist
CNN  -- Hollywood 's A-list is a very tough club to crack , and membership is limited to stars of vast appeal with worldwide fame . Chris Pratt may soon get his invitation to join . "  I think Chris is the biggest actor in the world , it 's just people do n't know it yet , " said James Gunn , director of the new action-adventure movie "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " which features Pratt in the lead role . Pratt plays the film 's wisecracking space cowboy Peter Quill  aka "  Star-Lord "  who is as deadly accurate with a one-liner as he is with his trusty "  element gun . " "  He 's got that old-time charm of Gary Cooper , " Gunn said . "  He 's got the vulnerability of a very modern actor . He 's a big masculine guy that can definitely beat the crap out of any other movie star out there . ... There 's nobody else out there like him . " Nobody else his age , perhaps . "  We 're seeing this new leading man that reminds me of someone like a Harrison Ford , " said Benicio Del Toro , Pratt 's co-star in "  Guardians . " At 35 , Pratt is slightly less than half the age of Ford  72  , another actor launched to stardom by a space opera -- "  Star Wars " Pratt seems unfazed by all the fuss being made over him as Hollywood 's potential Next Big Thing . "  You know , I feel like , jeez , it 's been cool , it 's been really cool , " Pratt stammered when asked about all the attention he 's receiving within the industry . "  I came to Hollywood expecting to do everything but not really knowing what that looked like , " he told CNN . "  So I was just as excited when I got my first commercial as I am now , you know what I mean ? I have enjoyed this entire journey , the whole time I have been at this for 15 years . My enthusiasm has been turned up to 10 since about 2001 when I did n't have to be a waiter anymore . " The tables have certainly turned since Pratt was waiting tables . His early credits came via television shows including "  Everwood " and "  The O.C. " His career got a big boost in 2009 when he was cast on the NBC sitcom "  Parks and Recreation , " playing the daft but likeable Andy Dwyer . His movie roles were initially confined to supporting parts such as in 2009 's "  Jennifer 's Body , " 2011 's "  What 's Your Number "  starring his wife , actress Anna Faris  and 2012 's "  The Five-Year Engagement . " If starring roles eluded him , it may have been that he did n't have a classic leading man 's physique . According to Entertainment Weekly , the 6 ' 2 " actor 's weight in the past five years has fluctuated between 220 and 295 pounds . EW dubbed him "  portly . " Pratt told the magazine he initially turned down the opportunity to audition for the Quill part in "  Guardians . " "  I was probably scared and thought I was too fat to play a superhero , " he said . "  Guardians ' " director James Gunn apparently agreed . "  When  casting director  Sarah Finn first brought him up to me , I said , ` The chubby guy from "  Parks and Rec " ? Are you kidding me ? ' " Gunn said . "  There was like no way . " But Pratt had already demonstrated he could lose weight and firm up for a role -- to play a professional baseball player in "  Moneyball "  2011  and a Navy SEAL in "  Zero Dark Thirty "  2012  . And Gunn was won over by Pratt 's audition . "  He came in and within 20 seconds , I knew this was our guy , " Gunn said . "  I just knew it in my gut . " With the role his , Pratt set about reshaping his body . According to press notes compiled by the studio , Pratt "  collaborated with , and was closely monitored by , a team of trainers and nutritionists , training for four hours a day , sticking to a strict diet , taking the right supplements and vitamins , all of which he continued throughout the five-month shoot . " The results are plain to see on screen : Pratt bares his washboard abs in "  Guardians "  although it must be said he 's not the most muscular guy in the film ; that honor would have to fall to former pro wrestler Dave Bautista , who plays the Hulk-like "  Drax "  . Of course it takes more than a hot bod to land on Hollywood 's A-list . On screen , Pratt displays a rare ability to relate to audiences and an appealing naturalness that sets him apart from other actors . He 's also been hitting all the right notes with fans lately , from french braiding an intern for "  Entertainment Tonight 's " hair during an interview to sharing the deeply personal story of how his son 's premature birth in 2012 affected his faith . And despite his emerging star status , he comes across as both self-assured and modest in assessing what he brought to the role and what he needed to learn . "  The comedy is something I can do , " Prattt observed . "  I have been honing in on that skill in ` Parks and Rec ' for seven seasons . I have always prided myself in being a comedic person -- it comes kind of easily to me . ... But it would be like the suspense and the adventure stuff , like the big movie one liners , that to me -- I had a hard time wrapping my head around that . That was a challenge for me . " Pratt 's stock in Hollywood looks like it will continue to rise . He is filming "  Jurassic World , " expected to be a blockbuster next summer . A sequel to "  The Lego Movie " appears likely  he provided the voice of the lead character , Emmet Brickowski  and Marvel has already ordered a sequel to "  Guardians of the Galaxy . " For now , Pratt appears to be keeping his newfound success in perspective . "  This is just another nice exciting chapter ... for me , " he said . "  It 's exciting and I 'm definitely enjoying the ride so far . "	Chris Pratt is being touted as the "  next big thing " He thought he was too fat for "  Guardians " lead role Pratt is currently filming "  Jurassic World "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A murky Islamic militant group has described a deadly attack in China 's Tiananmen Square last month as a "  jihadi operation " and warned of more violence to come , according to an organization that monitors extremist websites . In a speech posted online , Abdullah Mansour , the leader of the Turkestan Islamic Party  T.I.P.  , said those who carried out the attack in the heavily policed center of Beijing were "  mujahideen , " the SITE Intelligence Group said in a report late last week . On October 28 , a vehicle drove through security barriers into a crowd in Tiananmen Square , crashed into a pedestrian bridge in front of the Forbidden City and burst into flames . The attack killed five people -- including the three in the vehicle -- and wounded 40 others . Chinese authorities have accused Uyghurs -- a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group from the western region of Xinjiang -- of carrying out the vehicle attack . East Turkestan is the name used by many Uyghur groups to refer to Xinjiang . Frequent outbreaks of unrest have hit the resource-rich region , where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs . Chinese authorities have cracked down heavily on violence involving Uyghurs , deepening resentment . China links Islamic terrorist group to Tiananmen Square crash ` Only the beginning ' It was unclear from the SITE report if Mansour was claiming responsibility for the Tiananmen attack or just commenting on it . But he warned that "  such operations are only the beginning , " according to SITE , and that Uyghur fighters will target the Great Hall of the People , a grand building next to Tiananman Square where the Chinese parliament meets and ceremonial events are held . "  O Chinese unbelievers , know that you have been fooling East Turkestan for the last 60 years , but now they have awakened , " Mansour was quoted as saying by SITE . "  The people have learned who is the real enemy and they returned to their own religion . They learned the lesson . " The audio recording of his speech was part of a roughly 8-minute video posted on the T.I.P. 's website on November 12 , SITE said . His comments were referenced in a number of Chinese state-media outlets , including Xinhua , the official news agency . Chinese authorities have said they believe the Tiananmen attack was instigated by a separatist group , the East Turkestan Islamic Movement  E.T.I.M.  , which Beijing has linked to outbreaks of violence in Xinjiang in the past . Tiananmen crash : Terrorism or cry of desperation ? ` Information vacuum ' The relationship between the E.T.I.M. and the T.I.P. is unclear . Some analysts suggest that the two may be part of the same organization . The T.I.P. has been cited in previous years as threatening revenge over Chinese treatment of Uyghurs , but little is known about the group . "  As far as anyone knows , the Turkestan Islamic Party may only exist in name alone , " said Nicholas Dynon , a researcher at Macquarie University in Australia . "  It has been referred to as one of the many jiangdu  or , Xinjiang independence  groups for many years , yet no one is quite sure whether or not they exist - at least in their own right . " The available evidence on separatist organizations in Xinjiang points to "  several disparate groups that neither have a history of coordination nor -- it would appear -- the means or will to coordinate , " he said . "  What we know of them is largely through two diametrically opposed parties : the Chinese government and Uyghur diaspora groups , " Dynon said . "  And the truth about T.I.P. and its counterparts lies somewhere in the information vacuum between the two . " He said he was skeptical that the T.I.P. had carried out the Tiananmen attack . "  Jiangdu groups have supposedly claimed responsibility for attacks outside of Xinjiang in the past , but such claims have never been verified , " he said . CNN 's Katie Hunt contributed to this report .	A monitoring organization cites a video posted by the Turkestan Islamic Party The group 's leader says the Tiananmen Square attack is "  only the beginning " The attack in Beijing last month killed five people and wounded 40 others China has said a Uyghur separatist group instigated the attack
CNN  -- An underwater explorer who says he 's confident he 's discovered the Santa Maria , Christopher Columbus ' flagship , said Wednesday that there 's evidence that the ship has been looted . During a news conference , 68-year-old Barry Clifford said that the remains of the possible ship off the coast of Haiti probably hold "  a great deal of cultural material " but that he and his team of divers can tell that thieves have disrupted the wreck and taken things . When asked when the ship might have been looted , Clifford said he did n't know . "  Something might have been done several months ago , maybe a couple years ago , I 'm not sure , " he said . Clifford says he wants the Haitian government to act as soon as possible to help preserve the what he says is the ship 's remains . He also wants the Haitian government to give him permission to continue to study the wreckage . "  I 'm not looking for money , " Clifford said . "  I 'm looking for the government  of Haiti  to protect this . " He said that whatever his team does next must be coordinated through the Haitian government . A CNN team was in Haiti on Wednesday and asked the senior adviser to the country 's prime minister about Clifford 's claims . Adviser Damian Merlo said in an e-mail that officials did not know whether the wreck was indeed the Santa Maria . Merlo said Prime Minister Laurent Lamothe said that if Clifford 's claims are correct , "  it would be of great importance , not only for Haiti , but for world history . " "  We need to ensure the site is handled properly to protect any archeological findings , " Lamothe said , according to Merlo . Clue from another wreck Clifford is an experienced explorer , according to the History Channel website , which described him as "  one of the world 's premiere underwater archaeologists . " His assertion that he 's probably found the Santa Maria is tied to a shipwreck he and his team investigated in 2003 . A cannon was found as part of the first wreck . But , Clifford told CNN , archaeologists at the time "  misdiagnosed " the cannon . Two years ago , after having researched the type of cannon used in Columbus ' time , "  I woke up in the middle of the night and said , ` Oh , my God , ' " Clifford said . He realized the 2003 find might have been the one . A couple of weeks ago , he returned to the wreck with a group of experts . The team measured and photographed the ship . But some items , including the cannon , had been looted from the ship in the intervening years , Clifford said . The ship "  still has attributes that warrant an excavation to determine the site 's identity , " archaeologist Charles Beeker of Indiana University said Tuesday . "  Barry may have finally discovered the 1492 Santa Maria . " The evidence , Beeker said , is "  very compelling . " The ship was found in the exact area where Columbus said the Santa Maria ran aground more than 500 years ago , Clifford said . The wreck is stuck on a reef off Haiti 's northern coast , 10 to 15 feet beneath the water 's surface . Did Phoenicians beat Columbus by 2,000 years ? After 125 years , ship rediscovered at bottom of San Francisco Bay Wrecked in 1492 The Santa Maria was the flagship of Columbus ' small fleet that set sail from Spain in August 1492 under the sponsorship of King Ferdinand II and Queen Isabella I . The voyage aimed to find a westward route to China , India and the gold and spice islands of the East . But the land the sailors set eyes on in October 1492 was an island in the Caribbean . Among the islands on which Columbus set foot was Hispaniola , which is divided between Haiti and the Dominican Republic . Columbus established a fort in Haiti . That December , the Santa Maria accidentally ran aground off the island 's coast . Some planks and provisions from the wrecked ship , which was about 117 feet  36 meters  long , were used by the garrison at the fort , according to Encyclopaedia Britannica . Columbus set off back to Spain with the two remaining ships , the Nina and the Pinta , in January 1493 . The Nina and Pinta were put back into service after their voyages and were not preserved , said historian Laurence Bergreen , author of "  Columbus : The Four Voyages . " There have been reproductions of those ships , but they are based on vague assumptions . "  We do n't have very accurate records of what they looked like , " he said . What caused this Civil War submarine to sink ? Piece of ironclad brought to surface Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched CNN 's Danielle Dellorto , Ronni Berke and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	Explorer says ship he believes is Santa Maria has been partially looted Barry Clifford says he does n't seek money , wants Haiti to protect what he 's found Haiti prime minister : If wreck is Santa Maria , discovery would be of ` great importance ' to nation
LONDON , England  CNN  -- She may have finished second , but Susan Boyle continued to make newspaper headlines in the UK Sunday following her shock defeat in the final of "  Britain 's Got Talent . " Susan Boyle fans watch her perform for the final time on "  Britain 's Got Talent . " "  Boyle Backlash " said the headline in the tabloid News of the World , suggesting that the Scottish 48-year-old 's alleged "  four-letter tantrum " earlier this week had influenced millions of viewers to switch their votes to dance act Diversity . The buildup to Saturday night 's live final had been dominated by reports that Boyle lost her temper in a London hotel and had even considered pulling out of the talent show finale . The Mail on Sunday said she had been been "  comforted by psychiatrists " ahead of Saturday 's final . "  They have a whole army of doctors , psychiatrists and experts all available to any contestant at any time . They have all been taking great care of Susan , " the paper quoted "  Britain 's Got Talent " judge Piers Morgan as saying . Watch how Boyle 's rise to fame has been an emotional ride " In Scotland , where crowds had gathered in Boyle 's hometown of Blackburn in anticipation of victory , celebration parties were stopped in their tracks as the unexpected result was announced . "  Boyle foiled in final : Susan 's dream is over , " said the headline in the Sunday Mail . Earlier , the paper said , Blackburn 's community center had been "  a sea of hands " as Boyle performed her signature tune , "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Miserables . " "  They stood with tears in their eyes as Susan hit every note . Stamping and chanting her name , her fellow villagers could not have been more proud . " Watch the dramatic end to Susan Boyle 's dream " But "  the cheers were caught in the collective gullet ... as dance troupe Diversity gatecrashed this most expectant of parties , " the Sunday Herald reported . "  Jaws were left agape . Tears were shed . And then the supportive chanting of ` SuBo ' began again . " Boyle could still be the real winner from the series , which became a global hit after clips of her audition of "  I Dreamed a Dream " racked up millions of hits on YouTube . Did Susan deserve to win ? Sound Off below " # 6M superstar " said the Sunday Mirror , claiming that "  Britain 's Got Talent " impresario Simon Cowell plans to take Boyle across the Atlantic to "  conquer the U.S. " The News of the World upped Boyle 's likely earnings on the back of "  Britain 's Got Talent " to # 8 million  $ 13 million  . On top of a multi-million dollar record deal and share of album sales , Boyle is also set to earn from a Hollywood movie of her rags-to-riches life , a book deal , and millions more from image rights , endorsements and television appearances , the paper said . In an interview with the News of the World , Cowell said Boyle could be the biggest star he had ever discovered . "  They do n't care in America whether she wins a British TV show -- they care about the woman they saw singing on YouTube , " a Cowell insider also told the paper . "  If anything , # 8 million in her first year might be an underestimate . " Meanwhile , competition winners Diversity are also set to cash in on their success with a film deal and a possible slot supporting Michael Jackson when the superstar plays a series of shows in London next month , the Sunday Mirror said . The group collected # 100,000  $ 162,000  for winning the final and will perform in front of Queen Elizabeth II at the Royal Variety Show later this year . "  We feel electric . Words ca n't describe it . I 'm genuinely shocked . We thought Susan was unstoppable -- she 's an unbelievable talent , " the paper quoted the group 's choreographer , Ashley Banjo , as saying .	Susan Boyle suffers from backlash in talent show final , UK papers suggest 48-year-old Scottish singing sensation beaten by dance act Diversity Boyle expected to earn millions of dollars after becoming global celebrity Simon Cowell plans to take Boyle across Atlantic to "  conquer the U.S. "
CNN  -- For the first time since the queen 's coronation in 1953 , the dress , robes , jewels , diamonds and uniforms worn on that day have finally been brought together again . The coronation dress and the robe that Queen Elizabeth II wore as she walked down the aisle at Westminster Abbey on Coronation Day on 2 June 1953 are the centerpieces of the showcase at the Buckingham Palace . "  It 's one of the most important days of her life being crowned as sovereign and I think it must bring back a lot of very happy memories , " said the exhibition 's curator Caroline de Guitaut . British couturier Norman Hartnell designed the white satin dress with embroidered national and Commonwealth floral emblems and attached pearls , crystals and sequins . The robe that the queen wore when she left Westminster Abbey to go to Buckingham Palace is made of English purple silk-velvet and is more than 6.5 meters long from the shoulder to the tip of the train . The embroidery of wheat ears and olive branches , which includes 18 different types of gold thread , was produced by the Royal School of Needlework and took 3,500 hours to complete . De Guitaut added : "  I think it 's very difficult to put a price on these very unique and very special objects and of course they 're just so redolent of that magnificent day , that very famous day in our national history . " The outfits worn on the day by the then four-year-old Prince Charles and his two-year-old sister Princess Anne can also be seen . The Halo tiara that the queen 's sister Princess Margaret wore and which was later loaned by the queen to Kate Middleton when she married Prince William at Westminster Abbey is part of the exhibition . Visitors will also be able to stroll through 19 state rooms in the palace . "  There are lots of other works in the visitor room which people will see and encounter and also will give them a sense of what it was like to be in Buckingham Palace on that day , " de Guitaut said . After the official coronation , more than 8,000 guests were invited to Buckingham Palace to celebrate the occasion at banquets . The exhibition shows recreations of the table settings and flowers of the series of banquets that foreign heads of state and the royal family attended . This year 's exhibition is part of the public opening of the palace every year when the queen leaves on vacation . It runs from 27 July until 29 September 2013 .	Queen Elizabeth II 's coronation regalia from 1953 goes on display at Buckingham Palace Visitors will also be able to stroll through 19 state rooms The exhibition shows recreations of the table settings and flowers of the coronation banquets
CNN  -- Passengers have been rescued from a gondola dangling over a freezing creek after the tower snapped in half Tuesday at a ski resort near Whistler , British Columbia . Rescuers try to reach the passengers trapped inside one of the suspended gondolas Tuesday . Doug Forseth , senior vice president of the resort , said a total of 53 passengers had been rescued . He said no more people are trapped . The section of the lift affected by the accident had 15 cars going up the mountain and 15 coming down at the time , but they were sparsely populated , Forseth said . Three people were freed on the up side , each in a different gondola car , along with 50 people divided among the 15 cars on the down side , he said . The accident occurred at a tower that was constructed in two pieces , and the top part came away from the lower part , Forseth said . He said resort officials did not know what caused the structural failure , but an investigation would be conducted Wednesday . Tyler Noble , a reporter for CNNRadio affiliate CKNW in Vancouver , was on the scene at the Whistler Blackcomb resort about 110 miles north of Vancouver . He reported that at least two gondola cars hit the ground after the accident , both from relatively low heights near the tower that split and caused the system 's heavy cable line to slacken . "  One hit a bus stop and the other hit a house , " Noble said . "  Another one was suspended over a creek , but everyone is out of that car . " But Royal Canadian Mounted Police Sgt. Steve Wright stressed that no gondolas had fallen . Watch gondola dangle in the air " "  At no time was anyone in serous risk and at no time were the cars separated from the line , " Wright said . Canadian Television News footage showed rescuers walking down a fire truck ladder escorting passengers from one gondola over the frozen water . At least six people were trapped inside that cabin , which was the closest to the base of the mountain , CTV News reported . Cynthia Jennings told CTV News she was in a car halfway down the mountain when the tower snapped . "  All we saw were other cars swinging sideways and we thought we were going to crash to the ground , " she told CTV News by cell phone . "  I thought the whole cable system was going to come down . I could n't even breathe . " Authorities said they did not know the cause of the accident . "  It just started really suddenly , we saw people running everywhere , " Jean-Philippe Plante said . Watch passengers describe what happened " Plante , from Vancouver , was visiting the ski resort when the gondola snapped . Plante said he planned to go skiing Tuesday morning , but changed his mind . "  We just went for a walk , so I guess it 's a good thing because we might have been one of the people stuck here , " he said . No serious injuries were reported , but a spokeswoman for the Whistler Blackcomb resort said five people required medical attention . Three were taken to a nearby clinic and two were taken to a hospital as a precaution , said spokeswoman Tabetha Boot . Skiers were evacuated from the area and the resort -- site of the alpine skiing venue for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Games -- was closed while authorities worked to remove riders from the cars and investigate the accident . The gondola cars affected were close to the ground when the accident occurred , Boot said . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : All 53 people trapped on gondolas have been rescued , officials say Gondola tower at resort near Whistler , British Columbia , snaps in half At one point there were about 30 gondola cars suspended , police say No serious injuries were reported ; situation under control , authorities say
Dali , Guizhou , China  CNN  -- Shi Wenchang has been an elementary school teacher in this remote rural village for 39 years but he does n't teach his mother tongue , even though it 's used by almost three million people . His job is to get the village , home to members of the Dong ethnic group , chattering in Putonghua , also known as Mandarin -- China 's national language -- although he can switch into the local language -- Dongyu -- in the early years to bridge any gaps . "  When they start learning to write , they start learning the Han language , " he says , referring to China 's largest ethnic group , which makes up 90 % of the population and is politically and culturally dominant . Teacher Shi thinks it 's important they master Putonghua , which will enable them to seek work beyond the confines of their isolated village , but fears his language is disappearing . "  If we do n't have our own language , there are many things , many stories from the past that we wo n't have and that will be a big loss . " The threat is not just the result of an education system that prioritizes the official national language . As China 's economy has boomed in recent years , many have left their villages to work in coastal factory towns and returned more at ease conversing in Putonghua than their native tongue . Some slip into Chinese for even the closest family relationships , calling their mother and father mama and baba . "  Before we 'd never use these words , " he says . "  In our Dong language it 's bu  father  and nei  mother  . " China is home to 55 ethnic minorities , but only two -- Tibetans and Uighurs in China 's far West -- get much international attention , usually because of discord with their Han Chinese rulers and neighbors . The others are dotted around the country , with most , like the Dong , clustered in the poorer mountainous regions of southwest China . Ostensibly , there is little overt friction with the Chinese majority although Shi says when he was younger , he was afraid if Han people came to the village . As minorities , they are not subject to the strictures of China 's one-child policy but carving out a distinct cultural identity is difficult . China is happy to have the appearance of ethnic diversity , but the wider trend is of gradual assimilation , says June Teufel Dyer , a professor at the University of Miami . "  It 's a wrecking of their culture under the guise of preserving it , " she says . "  People complain that their folk tales are rewritten to fit Communist ideals . " The Dong 's cultural heritage is also weakening as a younger generation adapts to more modern ways . The ethnic group has a strong musical tradition and when Teacher Shi was a teenager , songs were used for courtship . Accompanied by a gang of friends , he stood outside the house of his now wife and declared his love for her in song . "  The girl keeps the door shut and you have to keep singing until they open it and let you in , " he says , before plucking a stringed instrument off the wall of his living room to demonstrate he still has the knack . However , things have changed since his youth . Shi Tao , a 25-year-old factory worker back in the village for the birth of his son , laughs when asked if this was how he met his wife . "  Our grandparents did this , we do not , " he says . Teacher Shi hopes that tourism may reinvigorate the Dong 's unique culture and encourage younger people like Shi to stay closer to home and engage in traditional pursuits . The village , a picturesque cluster of timber houses surrounded by bamboo groves , has been designated a heritage site and earmarked for tourism development . "  The tourists will come here to see our people 's traditions and culture . If more people come then maybe the preservation of our traditions will be stronger , " says Teacher Shi . Elsewhere though , tourism has proved , at best , to be a mixed blessing . In villages already on the tourist trail , minority culture is a commodity to sell to passing crowds . "  Some villages become human zoos , " says Dyer . "  Some are happy about what they get out of it but others resent it . " This spectacle is on display in nearby Xijiang , home to the Miao ethnic group , where villagers perform a live show every afternoon in a specially created outdoor amphitheater . It 's standing room only and the audience laps it up . But , with girls performing in mini skirts and skits lampooning the group 's predilection for drinking potent rice wine , it makes some older residents shudder . "  These performances are n't real Miao culture , " says Tang Cheng , the village chief . "  People just want the entertainment factor . " The hope is Dali will escape the rampant commercialization that has engulfed some minority villages -- its development is being overseen by the provincial bureau of cultural heritage with help from a U.S. NGO , the Global Heritage Fund . Both organizations want to preserve the village 's cultural DNA and hope it can become a UNESCO world heritage site . Still , the lives of Teacher Shi 's three children , who all work outside their village , demonstrate that the chances of a cultural revival for the Dong are slim . In their 20s and 30s , one is an accountant in Wuhan , a large city in central China . The other two are teachers in the same province . They only wear traditional clothes when they come home . Shi has no grandchildren yet but is sanguine about the chances of his descendants speaking his native tongue . "  If they are always living outside the village , then they will definitely speak Putonghua , " he says .	China has 55 official minorities but preserving language and culture is difficult Education system prioritizes national language Putonghua China likes appearance of ethnic diversity , but wider trend is of gradual assimilation Tourism a mixed blessing ; some villages like "  human zoos "
CNN  -- For "  True Blood 's " series finale on Sunday , fans received a wedding , a funeral , and ... an infomercial starring Eric and Pam ? Even after seven seasons , "  True Blood " kept fans guessing right on through to the end . Whether the show 's fans appreciated those twists is another story . For some , the ending was all they could 've asked for after sticking by the show for seven seasons . For others , "  True Blood 's " conclusion just might rank up there with the worst finales of all time . One of the big surprises was the death of a major -- and we mean major -- character . Yes , the demise of Tara  Rutina Wesley  and Alcide  Joe Manganiello  were shocking to viewers earlier in the season , but they were secondary characters . If you were told before the final season that Stephen Moyer 's Bill Compton would n't make it out alive , would you have believed it ? Granted , the show has been building up to Bill 's death the last few episodes , but it still seemed like something that would n't actually happen . Most were convinced that in typical "  True Blood " fashion , writers would pull out a twist in the final act and he would end up living . But surprisingly , they had the guts to actually go through with it . While Sookie 's  Anna Paquin  feelings for Bill have definitely flip-flopped throughout the series , there was no doubting who had her heart last night . All she wanted was for her one true love to live . But Bill 's mind was made up . He knew they would n't be able to stay away from one another , and he wanted Sookie to have the life he felt she deserved -- one with a family , something a vampire can not give her .  Being dead and all makes it kind of difficult to reproduce . His martyrdom and his speech were romantic , but then he asked Sookie , while she stood there crying over his impending death , to do the actual killing . Annoyed fans had one word for his choice : selfish . Yet before Bill could say his parting words , "  True Blood " took an unexpected detour and threw a human-vampire wedding . Baby-vamp Jessica  Deborah Ann Woll  and Hoyt  Jim Parrack  decided to get married . Jessica and Hoyt are one couple that fans have rooted for , and while the gesture was sweet -- it allowed Bill to walk Jessica down the aisle before his untimely death -- it was still a bit of a rush , and took away from the main event . As one impatient fan put it , "  This is cute and all BUT ARE WE REALLY WASTING VALUABLE TIME ON JESS AND HOYT ?! " That question became all the more pointed upon the realization that Nelsan Ellis ' Lafayette did n't even get one line of dialogue in the finale . We knew he got his happy ending with James  Nathan Parsons  , but could n't we get just one sassy comeback from him before the credits rolled ? Apparently , there just was n't enough time , not with Sookie donning a black dress to meet Bill at the graveyard for his funeral . Paquin and Moyer gave stellar performances as they said their final goodbyes to one another  although the two actors get to stay happily married to one another in real life  . And then , after a time jump of roughly four years after Bill 's death , the town of Bon Temps became a much brighter place . Jason  Ryan Kwanten  ended up with Brigette  Ashley Hinshaw  , and a loving father to three young children . It probably was n't what you would expect from the promiscuous ladies ' man we met back in Season 1 , but seeing him bonding with his children was adorable . These couples looked positively peaceful too : Jessica and Hoyt , Andy and Holly  Lauren Bowles  , Arlene  Carrie Preston  and vampire Keith  Riley Smith  , plus Sam  Sam Trammell  and Nicole  Jurnee Smollett-Bell  with two kids now . As for Sookie , she got her happy ending . Viewers never learn the identity of the man Sookie settled down with , but she ends the series pregnant and presumably in love . And with that , HBO closed the coffin on "  True Blood . " "  I do n't know if I loved that ending or hated that ending ... Maybe a little of both ? " one viewer tweeted amid the chorus of responses , many of which were disappointed . "  Wow True Blood series finale was horrible , " another fan said . "  I ca n't believe how much I loved that show in the beginning and how far it fell . " "  May be the only fan who loved the finale , " chimed in one grateful viewer . "  Thanks #trueblood for 7 great seasons . " The only plot point that seemed to escape viewers ' criticism involved Alexander Skarsgard 's Eric and Kristin Bauer van Straten 's Pam . As suspected , the pair did n't keep the Hepatitis-V cure a secret from the public , and instead started New Blood , a cure and replacement for TruBlood . Their infomercial was definitely a series highlight . "  Eric and Pam need a spinoff show , " tweeted one fan , as another called for a "  new season of #TrueBlood called #NewBlood and it 's the adventures or lives of Eric and Pam . " Whether or not the show lost steam during its seven-year run is irrelevant now . Those who stuck with the series until the end have endured each hardship and tragedy alongside the characters themselves . The finale was appropriately titled "  Thank You . " So thank you , "  True Blood , " for taking viewers on an unforgettable , bloody ride , and staying true until the very end .	HBO 's "  True Blood " aired its final episode Sunday Fans were n't thrilled with the conclusion , which involved a major death At the very least , writers kept viewers guessing until the very end
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- Senior Pakistani and Indian military officials met Tuesday to discuss a border clash in Kashmir , the first major skirmish between South Asia 's nuclear rivals since a 2003 cease-fire . Indian army soldiers on the outskirts of Kashmir 's summer capital Srinagar . Pakistan 's army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that Pakistan "  made our point clear " regarding the firefight , which he said began after Indian soldiers crossed the Line of Control that separates Kashmir between India and Pakistan . But an Indian military spokeswoman , Capt. Neha Goyal , told CNN Pakistani troops crossed the Line of Control and "  started firing on our patrol , " killing an Indian soldier . "  Our troops also retaliated and the Pakistan army troopers ran back , " she said . Abbas said "  further action should be taken " following Tuesday 's "  flag meeting , " but did not elaborate . The meeting took place along the Line of Control . Reports in India 's media said four Pakistani soldiers were killed , but Pakistan 's military "  strongly denied the report of any  casualties  on the Pakistani side . " Pakistan 's military also denied its forces crossed the Line of Control , saying the skirmish started when Indian soldiers tried to establish a forward post on Pakistan 's side of the line . "  On Pakistan 's ' objection , Indian troops opened indiscriminate and unprovoked fire , " a Pakistan military news release , posted on Monday , stated . "  The Indian fire was immediately responded to . The firing continued -- intermittently during the whole night . " Pakistan said the Indian soldiers "  were forced to flee from the area leaving behind their weapons " after the firefight . Indian and Pakistani forces have exchanged periodic gunfire since May , but Monday 's clashes appear to be a serious setback to the ongoing peace process between the two nations . India and Pakistan had announced a bilateral cease-fire all along their borders in November 2003 and the cease-fire had been holding on the borders until recently . Kashmir has been at the root of two wars between India and Pakistan , both of which tested nuclear weapons in 1998 . An 18-year separatist campaign in the Indian-controlled portion of the largely Muslim territory has claimed more than 43,000 lives , according to government officials , although human rights groups and nongovernmental organizations put the toll at twice that number . India has long accused Pakistan of supporting the separatists in Kashmir , a charge Pakistan denies . India blamed militants from Pakistan for a suicide car bombing outside its embassy in Afghanistan that killed 58 people on July 7 . A December 2001 attack on India 's parliament that India blamed on the militants brought the two nations to the brink of another war , but they have expanded economic and cultural ties since the November 2003 cease-fire agreement . -- CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta and Mukhtar Ahmad in Srinagar contributed to this report	Pakistan : Fighting began after Indian soldiers crossed the Line of Control India accused Pakistan of attacking one of its patrols , killing a soldier Firefight took place across the Line of Control border in disputed Kashmir region
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Santo Tomas , Peru  VICE  -- The town of Santo Tomas is 12,000 feet above sea level , nestled cozily in the vertiginous Peruvian Andes . Hill dwellers and mountain folk alike have had a reputation for hardiness and endurance ever since ancient Greek geographer Strabo described the Thracian people as a "  tough bunch of customers . " Being raised on the side of a cliff anywhere tends to favor the strong , sure-footed and stocky , and the environment of the Andes is a particularly punishing place to grow up . The slopes are craggy , storm-blasted and steep , and food is pretty much limited to potatoes and whatever animals you can chase up a 50-grade incline without falling down the adjacent precipice . On top of that , altitude sickness generally kicks in around 8,000 feetâ $ " setting up house anywhere higher is pretty much relegating yourself to a semi-permanent hangover . Maybe you see where I 'm going with this , but people in these hills sometimes get a little bit testy . Just being a farmer here is like living your entire life getting ready to fight . Regions across the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes have traditional fighting festivals and ceremonies as an outlet for this type of mountain-born aggression . Rules about who fights whom and what weapons you can use  if any  vary from place to place , but the general gist remains the same , as does the expected goal of social catharsis and the collective venting of pent-up steam . In Santo Tomas , the festival is known as Takanakuy , everybody fights everybody , and it happens bright and early Christmas morning . After a few days of preliminary drinking and dancing in costumes that combine the best aspects of traditional Andean horse-riding gear with the most nightmarish aspects of traditional acid trips , the residents of Santo Tomas wake up and head to the local bullfighting ring to beat each other silly . Men , women , children , the elderly , the infirm and  especially  the inebriated -- they all pair off , wrap their bare hands with scarves , and give each other a friendly hug before walloping each other full-force in the face . While there are local referees with Roman-style whips to keep the fights from getting too one-sided and an entire crowd to rush in if anybody hits someone on the ground , the level of violence is still miles beyond what goes on in the average boxing or UFC ring . And often with good cause . The same rugged mountains that imbue the Santo Tomasans with their sturdy physiques and penchant for hitting each other also separate the town from the rest of the country . The geographical department of Chumbivilcas , for which Santo Tomas serves as the capital , is historically one of the poorest in Peru and cut off not only geographically from the power centers and financial interests of the Pacific coast , but most resources and government services thereof . The Chumbivilcas police force boasts a whopping three officers , and the nearest courthouse to Santo Tomas is a nauseating , 12-hour car ride on the windiest , most rock-strewn South American road this side of William Friedkin 's "  Sorceror . " The Peruvian legal system basically does n't extend into the hills of this region , so instead of packing into a van every time they 've got a beef with their neighbor , the residents of Chumbivilcas save up their grievances all year then take justice into their own fists at Takanakuy . Property disputes , stolen girlfriends , stolen boyfriends , stolen sheep , spilled beer -- all issues big and small fall within the bounds of Takanakuy 's physical jurisprudence . While not everyone fights over a serious legal matter -- the better part of combatants just do so for sport or because they 're drunk -- those who do so are bound by the results of the match and are generally satisfied by them win or lose  although there have been occasional , impromptu "  appeals "  . See the rest of Takanakuy at VICE.com I went to last year 's Takanakuy in Santo Tomas and the nearby village of Llique , where I met a legal student from Lima who 'd made the same tortuous trek as I had to watch the fighting . "  The average villager in this region has basically no access to lawyers or courts , and even if they travel to a place where they do , odds are the ultimate judgment will not be in their favor . Using violence as a means of solving disputes may seem barbaric to people in the cities , but as you can see , the fighting here is all carefully controlled and the people involved get an immediate and cathartic result , " he told me as we watched two teenage girls pounding each other 's visibly contused eye sockets with their bleeding fists . "  I 've also found that what we 're witnessing right now holds closer to the true spirit of English common law than the Roman-influenced court system that the Spanish brought over . " Not exactly sure how accurate that is , but still , hell of a nice way to spend your Christmas .	Takanakuy is an event that gives people the chance to solve differences through fighting VICE traveled to Santo Tomas , Peru , to examine Takanakuy first-hand Regions across the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes have traditional fighting festivals
Washington  CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Thursday congratulated President Barack Obama on the Senate 's approval of a new nuclear arms control treaty between the countries , the White House said . According to a White House statement , the two presidents spoke by phone on the first day of Obama 's Hawaiian holiday after Congress adjourned Wednesday in a flurry of legislative action , including the Senate vote to pass the treaty -- a major foreign policy objective of the Obama administration . "  President Obama and President Medvedev spoke by phone this morning to discuss the new START Treaty and their continued close cooperation on a range of critical issues , " the White House statement said . "  President Medvedev congratulated President Obama on the Senate 's approval of the new START Treaty , and the two leaders agreed that this was an historic event for both countries and for U.S.-Russia relations . " Obama cited issues of cooperation with Russia including Afghanistan , sanctions on Iran and World Trade Organization developments , the statement said . Obama added it was important for the two countries to work together "  to support a peaceful referendum in Sudan and a resolution to the impasse in Cote D'Ivoire  Ivory Coast  that respects the results of the recent democratic election , " according to the statement . The New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , or New START , was passed on a 71-26 Senate vote , with several Republicans joining a unified Democratic caucus in support of the accord . The treaty will bring resumed inspections of each country 's nuclear arsenal while limiting both the United States and Russia to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers . It still needs to be approved by the Russian parliament . Signed by Obama and Medvedev in April , the treaty is considered a critical component of nuclear non-proliferation efforts and the administration 's attempt to "  reset " Washington 's relationship with Moscow . "  This is the most significant arms control agreement in nearly two decades , " Obama said Wednesday after the Senate vote . It "  will enhance our leadership to stop the spread of nuclear weapons and seek the peace of a world without them . " Several senators were reassured by the last-minute passage of an amendment stating that the accord should not be interpreted in a way that would hamper U.S. missile defense plans . The amendment was sponsored by Republican senators John McCain of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee , among others . Others said they had been assured of an administration commitment to modernize America 's aging nuclear arsenal . "  The people of the world are watching us , because they rely on our leadership , " said Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts . It is time to "  move the world a little more out of the dark shadow of nuclear nightmare . " "  We are the leading nuclear power on this earth . It is our responsibility to lead , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota . This treaty is "  a step in the right direction . " Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar , the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee , called it a step forward in terms of constraining "  expensive arms competition with Russia " and frustrating "  rogue nations who would prefer as much distance as possible between the United States and Russia . " Not all Republicans were convinced of the treaty 's merits , however . Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , argued on the Senate floor that the basic premise of the treaty -- that America 's nuclear arsenal should be at parity with Russia 's -- is flawed . "  Russia is a protector of none and a threat to many . America is a protector of many and a threat to none , " DeMint said . DeMint also voiced an ongoing conservative complaint in the lame-duck session -- that Democrats were ramming the treaty through as part of a long list of partisan priorities rejected by the public in the midterm elections . "  We should not be passing major legislation at this time of year with this Congress , " he said . The arms pact is part of "  a continued effort of accommodation and appeasement " that makes a "  mockery of the debate and ratification process . " Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , called the treaty "  an echo from the 20th century " that fails to account for new and emerging threats . Kirk and several other senators expressed a fear that the treaty would weaken America 's ability to prevent potential nuclear attacks from countries such as Iran and North Korea . McCain himself , despite passage of the amendment he sponsored , ultimately voted against the accord . He argued that it "  re-establishes an old and outdated linkage between nuclear arms and missile defense , which is no longer suited to the threats of today 's world . " Passage of the treaty appeared to be in doubt for weeks . A late burst of support came Tuesday , however , after treaty supporters voted down or tabled several Republican amendments , saying they were unnecessary and would imperil the pact by reopening negotiated language or understandings with Russia . The defeated amendments included adding a reference to tactical nuclear weapons and a bid to remove from the preamble language recognizing a relationship between offensive and defensive weapons . An overwhelming majority of Americans support ratification of the treaty , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Tuesday : 73 percent of people questioned in the national poll said the Senate should approve the accord , while 24 percent said senators should reject it . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	The two presidents spoke by phone on Thursday Medvedev congratulates Obama on Senate approval of the nuclear treaty The Senate passes the New START on a 71-26 vote The treaty will bring back inspections and limit each nation 's warheads and launchers
Editor 's note : The n-word appears in this piece because CNN feels the context in which it is used is pertinent to the story of James "  Little Man " Presley . James "  Little Man " Presley has worked in the cotton fields of Sledge , Mississippi , since he was just 6 years old . SLEDGE , Mississippi  CNN  -- James Presley stands amid chopped cotton , the thick Mississippi mud caked on his well-worn boots . A smile spreads across his face when he talks about voting for Barack Obama and what that might mean for generations to come . His voice picks up a notch . He holds his head up a bit higher . "  There 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , " he says . At 78 , Presley is a legend of the past living in the present and now hopeful for the future . A grandson of slaves , he 's one of the few men left in America so closely tied to his slave past , still farming cotton on the same land as his ancestors . He 's picked cotton since he was just 6 years old . He and his wife of 57 years , Eva May , raised 13 children and six grandchildren in a cypress-sided house in the middle of cotton fields in northwestern Mississippi . He was a sharecropper most his life , but rarely qualified for food stamps . Watch "  Obama , he come up like " " His father died in 1935 when he was 5 , and he had to step up and be the "  Little Man " of the house , a nickname that has stuck seven decades later . He 's lived a raw-knuckled life where hope moved at a molasses-slow pace . The last time he had hope for a better future was four decades ago -- first with President John F. Kennedy and then with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Obama has changed everything to the poor in these parts . iReport.com : What does Obama 's presidency mean to you ? "  I 'm a church man , " he says . "  And I kind of figured this here is about like it was with Moses with the children of Israel . On that day , when he gets to be president , we 're all going to be rejoicing . " Does he have plans to celebrate on Inauguration Day ? "  Oh man , it 's gon na be nice . I believe we 're gon na have a good time , " he says . "  I never thought one would get there . " See photos of the weather-beaten home where Little Man raised so many children " As the nation prepares for Obama 's inauguration on January 20 , CNN.com traveled to Sledge , Mississippi , a forgotten town of about 500 people in the heart of the Mississippi Delta that some consider to be the birthplace of blues in America . Nearly 20 percent of residents over the age of 60 live below the poverty line , according to the 2000 census . That number nearly doubles , to 37.5 percent , for residents under the age of 19 . About three-quarters of the population are black . Two-thirds of the people here make less than $ 35,000 a year . Presley says the fact the nation will have a black president will have a ripple effect in poor communities like his . For the first time ever , he says , black parents and grandparents can tell youngsters in rural America that through education , anything is possible -- that the White House is n't just for white folks . Three of his children graduated from college . Two have died -- one as a youth , one as an adult . It never gets easier , he says , no matter what age they die . Obama has already brought inspiration to future generations of his own family . "  I might be dead and gone , but it 's going to be a good thing to me , because I know that they ai n't got ta go through what I went through . They 'll have a better time , a more joyous time , than what I had when I come along . It is gon na be grand to them and to me , too . " "  He knows what it is to come up without a father and what it is to come up for what you work for , " Presley says . "  Me and the poor man coming up , we had to work for what bread I got . " Presley shifts back and forth on his feet as he speaks . His flannel shirt and oil-stained jeans seem befitting of his life on the farm . He peers out from a camouflage hat , the fuzzy ear flaps pulled up over his head . He speaks in an accent as thick as the mud on his boots . His hands speak to decades of hard labor . His fingers appear swollen with overworked muscles . The skin seems about a quarter-inch thick . If his hands could speak , he says , "  They 'd be crying , instead of talking , for what they 've been through . " "  You see how rusty and rough they are . They 've been through something , ai n't they ? " At 6-foot , 2-inches and 214 pounds , Presley has what seems an odd nickname . "  They call me Little Man , " he says . He wears the nickname with pride . The youngest of three sisters and four brothers , he says that after his father died in 1935 , he became the "  Little Man " of the house . "  I was tall , but I was small . So they called me Little Man , " he says . He does n't remember much about his father . He ca n't recall the day he died or the sound of his voice . He was too young . He never met his slave grandparents either . They died long before he was born . But the fact they were slaves still stings . "  That does n't make you feel too good , you know , to be sold like a cow . But back then , they could n't help it . So I reckon I 'm just glad that things come out better like it is now . " A thick fog hangs over the fields on this day . Presley pauses . He scans the fields and says , "  I think about the good times and the hard times . " "  When I started farming , we planted with hands ... and hauled it to the gin by wagon , a mule and a wagon . One bale at a time , " he says . He worked the fields when he was 6 , the age of a typical kindergartner these days . "  I was making 50 cents a day , from sunup to sundown . " "  Back then , you know , I did n't get no schooling . I had to get out , come home and break the land , cut the stalks , plow the land and get it ready for the crop . " Presley has a total of four years of education , classes that he took in between growing seasons . His mother taught him to read and write , but he admits even to this day he struggles with both . When it comes to life as a black man -- a sharecropper -- in Mississippi , he says it 's tough to explain how difficult it was . He points to a nearby bluff and says that when he was just a boy , a black man was lynched from a tree . "  I never saw him hanging up there , " he says . "  All I seen was the tree . " Blacks were segregated from whites . They could n't go to the same schools . They had separate water fountains . Blacks could n't go in the front doors of businesses . And just about everywhere you went , he says , racism was rampant . "  You go into a place , and they say , ` Nigger , get outta here . ' You do n't want nobody telling you that . You 're a citizen around town . If you 're a citizen , I 'm a citizen like you , " he says . "  It makes you feel mighty bad . " "  When I was a young boy , they was bad about that , calling you that . " He registered to vote for the first time in 1959 and cast his first presidential ballot for Kennedy . He says he 's voted in every presidential election ever since . "  We felt like we were moving on up when we voted for him , " he says . When Kennedy was assassinated , "  everybody was kind of sad on that day , because he looked like the first president that had come in and was trying to help the poor folks . " King brought hope , too . "  He was the only hope that we were looking for -- to bring us out , " Presley says . But when King was killed on April 4 , 1968 , he says , it "  put us right back where we was . " "  It was pitiful that day , " he says . "  Everybody around here was in mourning . " He says Obama has brought inspiration to blacks in these parts , the likes of which has n't been seen since 1968 . "  With Obama coming in , it 's gon na be another Martin Luther King helping us , " he says . "  Maybe in the next 40 years , we 'll be better off . " He says Americans should never take their voting rights for granted . He was 30 years old before he first voted . "  It means a lot to me , because I can put in for who I want to be president and who not to be president , " he says . "  So I just feel proud that I can vote . " Before parting on this day , Presley gives a tour of the weather-beaten , four-bedroom house where he raised his 13 children and six grandkids . The wood-framed house was the first home he ever lived in with running water , a bathroom and electric stove . The now-abandoned house is dilapidated , many of its windows broken , its doors barely hanging on hinges . "  I 've had a good life , despite the hard times . I sure did , " says Presley , who is retiring after 72 years of working the fields . What 's his message to the world ? "  The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can , " he says . "  We done had it bad . Let us help give our children a better life , our grandchildren , our great-grandchildren . Let 's try to give them a better life than we had . But anyway , just keep the good work going , is all I say . "	James "  Little Man " Presley , 78 , has worked cotton fields since he was 6 years old "  There 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , " says the grandson of slaves His dad died when he was 5 ; Obama "  knows what it is to come up without a father " His message : "  The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can "
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's top intelligence officials told senators they used not only intelligence but clues in social media to keep abreast of recent uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa , but they admitted the task is a daunting one given the overwhelming amount of information available . The officials were defending intelligence community efforts at the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing , during which Chairwoman Diane Feinstein , D-California , questioned whether the CIA and other agencies were adequately following clues in social media in the lead-up to popular revolts that deposed the leaders of Tunisia and Egypt and have sprung up in other countries . "  I think we were at fault in that regard , " she said . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper defended the efforts of the open source center in tracking all media , but acknowledged more needed to be done . CIA Director Leon Panetta told the lawmakers there is a massive amount of data out there to follow -- 600 million Facebook accounts , 190 million Twitter accounts and 35,000 hours of YouTube videos . He said , "  The real challenge is how to be able , going through the diversity of languages , going through the different sites that are out there , how do we look at the relevant websites to be able to draw from them the kind of information that would help us so this involves a tremendous amount of analysis . " Both Clapper and Panetta added that the social media sites are not necessarily predictive of what might happen . Clapper sought to clarify a comment that was roundly criticized when he said the fundamentalist Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt was a "  secular " group . He told the assembled senators that he regretted that his comment last week was misunderstood and that his message was lost . "  The Muslim Brotherhood is obviously not secular . What I had hoped to convey and I would like to clearly state here is , the Muslim Brotherhood attempts to work through a political system that has been largely secular in its orientation , " Clapper said . He went on to say the Muslim Brotherhood would likely be part of the process in Egypt , as would many other opposition groups . Feinstein expressed concern about whether U.S. intelligence knew enough about the Brotherhood 's positions . Clapper was unable to give definitive answers to a series of questions she posed about whether the group supported Egypt 's peace agreement with Israel , had ties to Iran and if it supported efforts to stop weapons from going into Gaza . Noting that the Brotherhood has been portrayed by some as desiring a secular government , Feinstein cautioned , "  From an intelligence standpoint , it is critical that we know that position and what is apt to happen . Egypt is the key country in the Middle East and I worry about that . " The ability of the United States to handle current and future terrorist suspects was also on the minds of many senators during the annual hearing on world threats . Panetta was asked what would happen if al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden or his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri , were captured . "  We would probably move them quickly into military jurisdiction at Bagram for questioning and then eventually move them into Gitmo , " said Panetta , referring to the Bagram U.S. Air Force Base in Afghanistan and the Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba . Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , the ranking Republican on the committee , agreed Guantanamo would be the best place for them to go , but pointed out the Obama administration is moving to close the facility . After the hearing , CIA spokesman George Little issued a statement clarifying Panetta 's remarks : "  As Director Clapper made clear , and as Director Panetta agrees , any decision about what might happen if Osama bin Laden and other terrorists are captured would be a decision for policymakers , and would have to be informed by the circumstances of his capture . The Director fully supports the President 's commitment to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay because , as our military commanders have made clear , it 's in our national security interest to do so . " A senior counterterrorism official also said , "  The odds of Bin Laden and Zawahiri being captured alive are about as good as vodka losing favor among Russians . " Two years ago , President Barack Obama announced his intention to close the facility , a policy which has been heavily criticized by Republican members of Congress . The administration is still trying to sort out what to do with the 172 suspected terrorists who remain at the facility . Some will be put on trial although it is unclear where and whether it will be before a civilian or military court . A number will be sent to other countries if arrangements can be worked out . And there is the question of what to do with the detainees who can not be tried and there is no other nation willing or able to take them . Chambliss also pointed out that a quarter of released detainees return to the battlefield . Clapper noted that the president suspended repatriations to Yemen because that country does not properly monitor or rehabilitate the former prisoners . Feinstein brought up her growing concern with Pakistan 's failure to adequately cooperate with the U.S. on counterterrorism efforts . She accused the Pakistani intelligence service of taking both sides of the street and cited the military 's failure to pursue terrorists in North Waziristan . Panetta said that although the Pakistanis have helped in some areas , it is a very complicated relationship that requires him to be part CIA director , part diplomat . "  They look at issues related to their national interests and take steps that further complicate our relationship and create tensions between our country and theirs , " Panetta said . "  What I try to convince the Pakistanis of is that we have a common enemy and we have common issues that require partnership and cooperation of both countries in order to be able to deal with those threats . "	CIA chief , national intelligence director testify before Senate Intelligence Committee Tracking social media for intelligence clues is a daunting task , CIA chief tells senators Sen. Feinstein drills for more information about Muslim Brotherhood 's positions CIA clarifies Panetta 's remarks about likelihood of bin Laden ending up at Guantanamo
A 17-year-old male was charged Saturday as an adult with aggravated assault and other charges over a shooting the previous day at a Philadelphia high school , police said . The suspect , accompanied by lawyer , was taken into custody about 1 p.m. ET Saturday . "  The male that turned himself in ... has been deemed the shooter based on the investigation thus far , " said Philadelphia police Lt. John Stanford . Later Saturday , the suspect -- whom Stanford identified as Raisheem Rochwell -- was arraigned as an adult . He faces aggravated assault , violation of Pennsylvania 's Uniform Firearms Act , recklessly endangering another person , having a weapon on school property "  and other related charges , " according to the police spokesman . Rochwell 's bail was set at $ 500,000 , added Stanford . Detective Don Suchinsky said Saturday that a second male held for questioning was released to his mother . Another juvenile was questioned and released Friday . All this stems from a shooting that occurred about 3:30 p.m. Friday in the gymnasium at Delaware Valley Charter High School . The shooter was in the school gym with about seven other students , city police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said . Some were playing basketball and others standing in a corner when he pulled a gun and fired . The victims were an 18-year-old female and 17-year-old male , police said . She was struck in the rear of the left arm , with the bullet perforating her bicep and striking the boy in the shoulder . They were taken to a local hospital , police said , and their wounds are not life-threatening . The incident was at least the second shooting at or near a school this week in the Olney neighborhood . Lockdown , search The school went into lockdown as law enforcement officers searched students and let them out of the school , said Stanford . They determined that it was n't an active shooter incident . The shooter had left the scene . Not long after the lockdown , Philadelphia police posted a message on Twitter , saying they had a suspect in custody . They later released the 15-year-old male , who was "  completely cleared by investigators , " Stanford said . On Saturday , police said school security officials provided inaccurate information about the teen who was cleared and released . What exactly happened in the gym remains unclear . "  We do n't know the motives , " Ramsey said , "  do n't know if it was an accident , do n't know if it was intentional . " Many unknowns Surveillance video captured the incident , Stanford said . But police do not know how many shots were fired , Ramsey said . No shell was found at the scene . Police searched for the weapon late Friday in trash cans , along railroad tracks and other spots around a nearby major urban transit station , transit spokesman Andrew Busch said . Commissioner Ramsey seemed frustrated about school shootings reported across America . "  People send their kids to school ; they should n't have to pick them up at the hospital , " he said . "  These kind of things just absolutely should not happen . " 2 students shot in New Mexico middle school Colorado school gunman got in through unlocked door	The alleged shooter , who is 17 , is arraigned as an adult , police say He is charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , other charges A gunman opened fire in a Philadelphia high school gym Friday One male , one female student were shot in the arm , according to police
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A Malaysian court has ruled that an Iranian man suspected of being involved with a series of bombs that went off in Bangkok in February can be extradited to Thailand . Masoud Sedaghatzadeh is wanted by the Thai authorities for his alleged involvement in the Bangkok blasts along with several other Iranians . It is not yet clear when Sedaghatzadeh will be extradited , as he plans to file an application to a higher court in Malaysia , seeking his release from prison . The explosions in Bangkok did not cause any deaths , but the Thai authorities have said they were intended for Israeli diplomats . The devices used explosive materials that are not available in Thailand and were most likely smuggled in , the police have said . The Bangkok blasts came a day after a device attached to an Israeli Embassy van in New Delhi exploded , and another device , found on an embassy car in Tbilisi , the capital of Georgia , was safety detonated . Israeli officials blamed Iran for the attacks , but Tehran has denied the accusations . On Monday , the Malaysian judge , Justice S.M Komathy Suppiah , ruled that Sedaghatzadeh be remanded in prison for as many as 15 days , pending an extradition order from the Minister of Home Affairs . "  In my view , the conduct of the respondent is inconsistent with that of an innocent man , " she said , referring to Sedaghatzadeh . "  I 'm allowing the application for extradition and the respondent is to be detained in prison pending an order from the minister for his render . " The Malaysian prosecutor , Kamal Baharin Omar , said Sedaghatzadeh , 31 , was arrested at Kuala Lumpur airport on February 15 , a day after one of the bombs went off at a house in Bangkok . Mr. Kamal said the Thai police had CCTV footage showing Sedaghatzadeh entering and leaving the house where the explosives were detonated . He questioned why Sedaghatzadeh would leave the house and flee to Kuala Lumpur if he was not connected to the explosives . "  All the actions subsequent to the explosion do not show the innocence of the respondent , " he said . Sedaghatzadeh 's lawyer , Mohamad Nashir Hussin , argued that the Thai police had not been able to show that the respondent was involved in the incident . "  There 's no evidence that the respondent had any contact or had even seen the explosives in the house , " he said . Sedaghatzadeh , who was handcuffed and dressed in a polo shirt and jeans , told the court that he would file a habeas corpus , an application asking to be released from prison . "  I require more time to defend myself , " he said through a translator . The Thai authorities have detained two Iranian suspects in the case : Saeid Moradi , 28 , whose legs were blown off by his own bomb ; and Mohammad Khazaei , 42 , who was taken into custody at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport as he tried to board a plane to Malaysia . Both are being held at a Bangkok prison until their next court appearance . They and Sedaghatzadeh face charges that include joint assembly of explosive devices , joint possession of explosive devices without permits and causing an explosion injuring other persons . Moradi also faces charges of attempted killing of state officials on duty and the intentional attempted killing of other persons . Two other suspects in the case are still at large , according to Gen. Pansiri Prapawat , the deputy national police chief who is heading the investigation into the bombings . They are Nikkahfard Javad , a 52-year-old Iranian man , and Rohani Leila , an Iranian woman . Thailand has issued an arrest warrant for the suspects and sent their names to Interpol 's wanted list , Pansiri said .	The Iranian suspect is wanted by the Thai authorities in relation to a string of blasts in Bangkok Masoud Sedaghatzadeh was arrested in Kuala Lumpur a day after the bombings A judge rules he can be extradited , but Sedaghatzadeh plans to apply to be released Two other Iranian suspects are being held in Thailand , while two more are still at large
Mexico City  CNN  -- Miguel de la Madrid , Mexico 's president as the country struggled through an economic crisis in the 1980s , died Sunday . He was 77 . Family members told CNN that the former president died Sunday morning in Mexico City . He had been hospitalized to treat complications of pulmonary emphysema . Without offering details , his office said the cause of death was a "  long illness . " De la Madrid inherited an economic crisis when he took office in 1982 . During his six-year term , he implemented an "  anti-crisis plan " that focused on austerity . He was in office when a massive earthquake struck central Mexico in 1985 and became a focal point of national and international criticism of the government 's response to the disaster , which killed thousands of people and devastated the country 's capital . De la Madrid "  faced harsh adversities during his tenure , " Mexican President Felipe Calderon said in a statement expressing his condolences Sunday , describing the former president as "  a Mexican with a deep commitment to the country . " CNN 's Rene Hernandez and CNNMexico.com 's Mauricio Torres and Tania L. Montalvo contributed to this report .	Miguel de la Madrid died in Mexico City , family members say He was Mexico 's president from 1982 to 1988 As president , he faced an economic crisis and a devastating earthquake
Washington  CNN  -- Like a couple renewing their vows , U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron once again reaffirmed the "  special relationship " between the United States and the United Kingdom during a joint press conference at the White House on Tuesday . Calling it an "  opportunity to renew the relationship with my partner , Prime Minister Cameron , " Obama also claimed the U.S. has "  no closer ally , no stronger partner . " "  We can never say it enough , the United States and the United Kingdom enjoy a truly special relationship , " Obama said at that the start of the press conference calling the meeting a "  brilliant start as partners who see eye-to-eye on virtually every challenge before us . " Cameron , on his first visit to the White House , had similar sentiments , saying the relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom is not just "  an extraordinary special relationship . "  To me , it is also an absolutely essential relationship if we are going to deliver the security and the prosperity that our people need . " The two men appear serious about this commitment . In fact , Obama has used the term "  special relationship " with only one other country , Israel . In addition to the formalities of the day , the president and first lady presented gifts to the prime minister and wife , Samantha , and their children . According to the White House , "  President and Mrs. Obama gave the Prime Minister and Mrs. Cameron a framed and signed color lithograph by Edward Ruscha titled ` Column with Speed Lines . ' The First Lady gave Mrs. Cameron a gift basket including a baby blanket . Gifts for the children are a silver charm necklace featuring 8 White House charms for -LSB- Cameron 's daughter -RSB- Nancy and a custom D.C. United Soccer jersey for -LSB- Cameron 's son -RSB- Elwen . "	Obama : "  The United States and the United Kingdom enjoy a truly special relationship " Obama has used the term "  special relationship " with only one other country , Israel Cameron describes the U.S.-U.K. link similarly , calling it "  an absolutely essential relationship "
CNN  -- Ten years ago , NBC , eager to come up with its own version of the unexpected CBS reality hit , the competition series "  Survivor , " adapted a Dutch series called "  Now or Neverland " and proudly presented it -- with pro-wrestling-style fanfare -- as its newest series : "  Fear Factor . " Monday night , NBC revived "  Fear Factor " in a version best described as "  new and unimproved . " The show , which has contestants do disgusting things , is alarmingly gross , no question . But should we worry that its return marks a new and deeper descent into depravity for American TV-watchers ? A jump-off into a new binge of revolting reality-show programming ? Never fear . There are other factors at play . For one thing , the show 's earlier version had raised the bar very high for disgusting . We 've already gone there . More important , it 's NBC . Only at NBC , where audience levels are well below every broadcast network , save Univision and the CW , would it be considered progress to reach back to a decade-old TV series -- and a horrible one , at that . Then again , NBC is the network that in its most recent attempts to revive old TV series , looked over the entire history of broadcast television and opted to present new versions of ... "  The Bionic Woman " and "  Knight Rider . " "  Fear Factor " is a known entity -- not a good one , but a known one -- and that makes it easier to promote than a series created from scratch . And "  Fear Factor , " like any reality competition show , is the type of program that can be plugged into any airtime hole , in any order , and it 'll get more viewers than whatever it 's replacing . For many , even seeing someone smothering on scorpions or immersed in blood  as in its premiere Monday night  beats watching "  The Playboy Club . " It did n't have to be , of course . There were other new NBC shows from 2001 that could have been brought back instead . "  The Weakest Link , " a quiz show based on another series from abroad , premiered that year . So did "  Kristin , " a sitcom starring Kristin Chenoweth , which I 'll bet not even she remembers clearly . And "  Emeril " -- the sitcom , not the cooking show . So to be fair , NBC 's current management does n't exactly have a lock on developing bad TV . But each of those bottom-of-the-barrel NBC shows from a decade ago -- and sadly , as a TV critic , I saw and recall them all -- was better than "  Fear Factor . " Then and now . I 'd say that "  Fear Factor , " as a programming strategy for the fourth-ranked broadcast network , has an air of desperation . Except that the air is a lot more foul than that . It smells , in fact , a lot like cow 's blood . In Monday 's two-hour 2011 revival premiere , returning host Joe Rogan  how proud he must be , to land that job twice  explained to the four pairs of contestants that one of their tasks was to climb inside a tank filled with "  3,000 gallons of cow 's blood , " submerge themselves to locate cow 's hearts lying on the bottom of the tank and place them in the mouth of their partners , whose job was to spit them into smaller containers next to the giant tank . Cow 's blood . Cow 's hearts . Udderly revolting . There were other tasks , too , such as chewing and eating live scorpions , which made some of the contestants gag . At home , I was n't far behind . The stunts on "  Fear Factor , " Rogan said helpfully at the start of each hour , were designed and supervised by trained professionals . "  They should not be attempted , " he added , "  by anyone , anywhere , anytime . " If you 're watching "  Fear Factor " to begin with , you just might need that warning .  And if you need it , you probably are n't bright enough to heed it .  I 'm a TV-viewing professional . Here 's my warning : " ` Fear Factor ' should not be viewed by anyone , anywhere , anytime . " The real shame of it is , NBC has some really good programming coming up early next year , starting with the musical drama "  Smash " and the psychological thriller "  Awake . " Preceding those with "  Fear Factor " not only sends the wrong message , it gathers the wrong audience . If NBC wants stupid , "  Fear Factor " is the perfect smelly bait . It 's also , amazingly , the modern equivalent of "  The Magic Christian , " the 1969 Terry Southern parody film starring Peter Sellers as Guy Grand , a wealthy man who spent a fortune proving that people would do anything for money . In that film 's climax , Guy filled a giant outdoor vat with animal waste -- blood , urine , feces -- and floated money on top of it , daring people to wade in and grab the cash . And they did , to the tune of Thunderclap Newman 's "  Something in the Air . " All these years later , "  Fear Factor " and NBC have made that ridiculous image come true : people wading in animal waste in exchange for cash . How offal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli .	David Bianculli : NBC 's "  Fear Factor " redux is even more disgusting It 's not a new wave of gross-out shows , Bianculli says ; it 's a desperate NBC Network is relaunching known entity because it 's easier to promote , he says Bianculli 's advice : "  Fear Factor " should n't be viewed by anyone , anytime
CNN  -- I remember a chalk line drawn on blacktop by a group of kids at recess when I was young . The message was clear : This is the line you do not cross . If you stepped over it , you would face the wrath of those kids in whatever game we were playing . Now turn that line crimson and color it toxic . This is the adult version of "  do not cross . " This is the infamous red line . We first heard about it in terms of Syria a year ago . President Barack Obama said that the use of chemical weapons by Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad would cross a "  red line " that would have "  enormous consequences . " As chemical weapons were deployed in Syria in August , Obama 's tripwire was triggered . Then Obama told reporters : "  First of all , I did n't set a red line . The world set a red line . " When Obama says "  the world " did it , he was indicating that much of the world long ago decided chemical weapons were an abhorrent thing to unleash in war . More than 160 countries signed a treaty attesting to this view . But why has "  the world set " this one line in the blacktop , and not others ? The United States and its allies ignore the violation of treaties all the time . They ignore the use of other terrible weapons in global conflicts daily . As someone who grew up wondering why we intervened in Bosnia but not Rwanda , as someone who directs a project on rape in war , I want to know : How do we decide what suffering matters enough to get a red line ? At the Women 's Media Center 's Women Under Siege project , we 've been keeping a live crowdmap of sexualized violence in Syria . I 've personally reported multiple stories of rape in which women were hung by their wrists or burned . We 've also documented how hundreds of thousands of women have been raped in 16 years of fighting in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Yet Congress is not debating whether to intervene in Congo . It is not struggling over what to do about the rape and torture of women and men in Syria or anywhere else . Why ? Here 's one gut-wrenching answer : "  People divide their understanding of militarized violence into normal and not normal , acceptable and not acceptable , " says Yifat Susskind , executive director of women 's human rights organization MADRE . Susskind argues that violence against women has been "  normalized , " especially in Africa . "  World leaders , like representatives in Congress , have turned a blind eye to the violence in DRC for a simple reason : It does not disturb their preconceived notions about where violence is normal , " she says . If this statement makes my heart hurt , I 'm not sure I can imagine what it means to the people of Congo . I spoke to Eve Ensler , the founder of V-Day . She conceived of the City of Joy , which empowers survivors of sexualized violence , and built it with the women of Congo . Just returned from there , Ensler says she witnessed a kind of dismay about the recent U.S. response to Syria 's use of chemical weapons . "  Although the Congolese I spoke to felt great empathy for the Syrians , they felt confused by the U.S. 's immediate and overwhelming reaction when -- after 16 years and 8 million people dead -- they have been waiting and demanding that the U.S. stop supporting Rwanda , " she says . Ensler and others have long argued that the United States reconsider its relationship with Rwanda , which they say supports the rebel militia M23 , one of the main perpetrators of atrocities in Congo . They are pushing for the opposite of military intervention -- they want a political intervention based on human rights violations . "  For how many years have we been banging on the doors of the White House , saying thousands and thousands of women have been raped ? " she asks . Unlike the obvious effects of chemical weapons use , the fallout of rape is often invisible : It does n't always leave marks , and it is so heavily stigmatized we do n't see how it psychologically , and physically , tears women apart . With chemical weapons , gases seep in an indiscriminate cloud and infect whoever is in their path . They 've been called "  weapons of mass destruction in slow motion , " says Jeffrey Lewis , director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies . Lewis argues that "  the goal is to have a world in which people do n't settle for disputes with violence , " but he recognizes that "  we 're a way off " from such a day . "  We still need to prevent a world that uses the very worst weapons , " he says . But "  worst " is subjective . "  There 's a hierarchy of sensation around weaponry , " Ensler says . "  But in my mind chemical weapons and mass rape are both weapons of mass destruction . " You could argue that the United States gets involved in wars based on careful geopolitics . You could argue , as many do , that the United States intervened in Bosnia because there was a politically viable solution on the table . You could say we stayed out of Rwanda because it was "  messy . " It 's a nasty kind of calculus , this business of deciding the red line of intervention , of what kind of pain matters most . Ultimately , however , it may not be as complicated as it first appears . "  Do the people at risk matter to the people in power ? " Susskind asks . "  Does intervention serve the political aims of the powerful ? In that calculation , human rights fall far behind . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lauren Wolfe .	Lauren Wolfe : Obama says world set "  red line " on chemical weapons that ca n't be crossed She asks : Why does world have no such red line on abhorrent weapon of mass rape ? She says in Syria and Congo , rape is "  normalized , " does n't draw threat of intervention Wolfe : U.S. should rethink ties to Rwanda , which backs Congo militia known for atrocities
CNN  -- Toronto police Friday were investigating a threat against controversial Mayor Rob Ford , a police spokesman said . Two police officers were at the mayor 's City Hall office . The nature of the threat was unclear , police said . The threat comes amid a raging debate about the raising of the rainbow flag at Toronto 's City Hall in support of gay athletes in the Sochi Games . The rainbow flag was raised outside City Hall during ceremony Friday , the same day as the Opening Ceremony in Russia . On Friday , Ford tweeted , "  I am proud of all Canadian Olympians . #Toronto #CanadianFlag #Olympics2014 . " The mayor , who in the past has refused to attend the city 's gay pride parade , has said he believes the Canadian flag should be raised instead . Ford became infamous for admitting he had smoked crack and drank too much in the past . His problems began in May , when allegations emerged that he appeared to be smoking crack cocaine on a pipe on cell phone video taken months earlier , in winter 2012 . After initially denying that he had smoked the drug , he admitted in November that he had . The city council later voted to strip him of most of his power as mayor , reducing him to primarily a figurehead . Ford has ignored calls for him to resign or enter rehab and has said he will run for re-election in October . Ford declares ` Bob Marley Day '	Police officers at Toronto Mayor Rob Ford 's office Police investigate threat against controversial mayor Nature of threat is unclear , police say
CNN  -- Landor Sanchez wants to practice medicine again . But instead , he 's laboring at an asbestos removal company in upstate New York . For five years , Sanchez was a family medicine doctor in Cuba . He moved to the United States in 2011 with the dream of being a doctor there . Like many immigrants , he had a plan to live with friends to save money and to study for the exam to become medically licensed in the United States . But soon , his money ran out . And Sanchez found himself with less time to study and instead taking any job he could get -- from painting , to fast-food restaurants , to , now , asbestos removal . A doctor , not practicing medicine , in a country that is short of primary care physicians . Sanchez 's story is common among Latino immigrant doctors . In Southern California alone , there are an estimated 3,000 medically trained Latino immigrant doctors who are n't practicing medicine . "  We had always wondered , where are the  immigrant  doctors from Latin America ? " says Dr. Patrick Dowling , chairman of UCLA 's Department of Family Medicine . "  And we stumbled upon them working in menial jobs . " Instead of treating patients , Dowling says , many doctors spend years cleaning houses or working on construction sites and in fast-food chain restaurants . "  We heard from one woman working at McDonald 's in Colorado , " says Dowling . "  So she is selling fast food to people , and if she were licensed as a physician , she could be educating those same people , those same patients , on what a good diet is . " Latino immigrant doctors have a harder time than other immigrants transitioning into the U.S. health system , according to Dowling . "  Often they work in their own country for 10 years and then come here and they are n't licensed , and then they see how hard the process is and they have to get an odd job to support themselves . " It 's a costly , time-consuming process that most immigrants are n't prepared for . From migrant worker to neurosurgeon That 's why Dowling and his colleague , Dr. Michelle Bholat , have developed a program at UCLA that helps fast-track Latino immigrant doctors into the U.S. health care system , the International Medical Graduate program . The IMG program provides test prep classes and clinical observations with UCLA doctors . It also covers the cost of the U.S. medical board exam and provides a monthly stipend . Funded by private donors , the program has helped 66 Latino immigrant doctors pass the board exams and get placed into residency programs in California . In return , the doctors commit to working three years in an underserved area . Dr. Jose Chavez is one of those graduates . He was a doctor in El Salvador with more than eight years of medical training when he moved to the United States in 2005 . But prior to last year , he was n't working in a U.S. hospital -- or any hospital . Instead , he was cleaning houses and installing flooring . "  I would do anything you asked me to as long as it was legal and you paid me for it , " he says . Chavez says without the help of UCLA 's IMG program , he would still be working odd jobs to pay the bills while juggling his time to study for the test at night . "  It requires you study at least 10 hours a day , " says Chavez . "  Imagine you are working 10 hours a day , and then try to study 10 hours at night . It is really impossible . " The stipend allowed Chavez to stop cleaning homes and focus solely on his studies . He passed the U.S. medical board exam just six months after being accepted into the program . Today , he is a first-year resident at Riverside County Regional Medical Center in California -- a place in desperate need of doctors . Riverside County has just one primary care physician for every 9,000 residents , according to the hospital . "  I personally know at least 20 more  Latino immigrant  doctors who are delivering pizza , and instead they could be working as doctors if they had the help I had , " say Chavez . And with Obamacare potentially adding 25 million to 30 million people to the health system , the doctor shortage is going to get worse before it gets better . "  When 2014 rolls around , they  Americans  may have an insurance card , but where are they going to get care ? " says Bholat . "  It is not enough to just issue an insurance card . " Your health care is covered , but who 's going to treat you ? The problem is compounded in California because of the large immigrant population . "  Forty percent of the population here is Hispanic , but only 5 % of our doctors are Latino . That is an amazing gap , " says Bholat . Dowling and Bholat say while their fast-track program may make only a small dent to help the primary care shortage in America , it 's a critical start . "  We 're getting dozens of applications daily , and we accept as many candidates as we can financially support in the program , " says Bholat "  We need these doctors in America . " Sanchez has applied to the UCLA IMG program and is waiting to hear if he gets accepted . Until then , he 'll continue to work at the asbestos removal company during the day , and study for the U.S. medical boards at night . But he says no matter how long it takes , he wo n't give up on his dream to practice medicine in the United States .	Latino immigrant doctors are working menial jobs in the United States Many have a hard time transitioning into the U.S. health system A UCLA program aims to assist the doctors in getting back into the medical field
CNN  Let "  Bohemian Rhapsody " play on : Nostalgia for the 1970s heavily influenced spring 's most coveted fashion trends , and industry insiders expect to see the era linger in this year 's fall-winter collections at New York Fashion Week , which started Thursday . Waists are high and layers are long , with extended tunics paired over slim dress shapes like fluid pants  often with a slight flare  and long skirts . "  It 's a slimmer silhouette -- much more concise and much more grown-up , " said Lizzy Bowring , who identifies the key trends to emerge from the global runways for fashion forecaster WGSN . "  It is n't a granola look , as one might say . " Bowring foresees the baby doll dress to become a key item but anticipates the overriding trend to be masculinity with strong elements of bespoke tailoring in a sleeker , slimmer silhouette . In line with this tailored look , expect emphasis on the waist with a made-to-measure jacket and relaxed pant combo , flaps on lower pockets or patent belts that nip in the waist . The belted waist lends itself well into a slight military aesthetic , with a focus on uniformity and utility . Because of this , the color palette skews toward olive , forest greens and navy . But that 's not the only color story this year : There 's soft , pure neutrals and cosmetic tones like camel and chalky whites that are juxtaposed with warm , rich tones like cognac , saffron and blood orange . The Pantone Color Institute 's top 10 colors for fall 2015 paint a similar picture , with offerings like cadmium orange , dried herb , stormy weather and marsala , which was recently named color of the year . "  The fall 2015 palette is rooted in multifaceted , androgynous colors that can be worn to portray effortless sophistication across men 's and women 's fashion ; it is the first time we are seeing a truly unisex color palette , " said Leatrice Eiseman , the executive director of the institute . And while the 1970s reign supreme , Bowring wonders whether things wo n't hark back even further to a time of "  historical romanticism , " as she calls it , with high , intricately laced necklines , empire-waisted gowns and tapestry prints .	New York Fashion Week runs from Thursday through February 19 Expect bespoke tailoring , cinched waists and 1970s vibes
London  CNN  -- The Duchess of Cambridge has been photographed furtively once again : An Italian magazine announced Tuesday it will publish vacation photos of the pregnant royal and her baby bump , despite her objection . The magazine , Chi , said Tuesday that it will print "  extraordinary images of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during their dream holiday in the Caribbean " in the issue coming out Wednesday . "  The future mum , now in her fourth month of pregnancy , wears a small bikini that enhances her now visible bump , " the magazine said . St. James 's Palace -- which represents Catherine , her husband , Prince William , and his brother , Harry -- responded with dismay . "  We are disappointed that photographs of the Duke and Duchess on a private holiday look likely to be published overseas , " a palace representative said . "  This is a clear breach of the couple 's right to privacy . " It was not immediately clear when or exactly where the pictures were taken . British and U.S. media -- including People , like CNN a division of Time Warner -- reported that the royal couple recently vacationed on the secluded Caribbean isle of Mustique . The Duchess , whose maiden name is Kate Middleton , has kept a low profile since the announcement in December she is set to give birth to her first child in July . Images showing any evidence of a baby bump have been hard to come by in that time . The Chi photos , though , are not her first encounter with paparazzi -- which tracked her during her long courtship with William , their engagement and their time since April 2011 as a married couple . The highest-profile example came in September 2012 , when the French magazine Closer ran photographs of Catherine privately sunbathing topless while on a holiday with William in France . Besides that magazine , some of those photos also were published in the Irish Daily Star newspaper and Chi , which according to its parent company Mondadori is a women 's magazine with an average circulation of more than 218,000 and a readership well beyond that . Soon after the photos came out , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took legal action against Closer -- which was fined by a French court and ordered not to distribute the edition in print or online . It was also told to hand over the photos to the royals . CNN 's Susannah Palk reported this story from London , and Greg Botelho wrote it from Atlanta . CNN 's Gisella Deputato contributed to this report .	The Italian magazine , Chi , says it will print photos of the Duchess of Cambridge on holiday The photos show her in "  a small bikini that enhances her now visible  baby  bump , " Chi says A disappointed St. James 's Palace says the pics violate her privacy Chi was among the publications to run photos of Catherine sunbathing topless last year
CNN  Syria is a Hell on Earth that is expanding in plain sight . The death toll there has doubled in a year 's time , if an opposition group is right . Since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday . A year earlier , SOHR 's tally stood at 162,402 . And the year before , the United Nations put the death toll at 70,000 . Violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid , the United Nations says , as food rations are being cut for lack of donations . Numbers alone ca n't convey the immeasurable anguish of millions , but maybe it can remind the rest of us of the magnitude of the world 's currently greatest tragedy . The number of years since perpetual bloodshed began , since dictator Bashar al-Assad 's security forces fired on crowds of demonstrators and armed militant groups rose up against him in March 2011 . Percentage of the Syrian population killed . It would be like killing 3 to 4 million Americans . The range comes from the SOHR 's death toll of 310,000 and a recent lower estimate by the U.N. of at least 220,000 dead . The number of Syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid , according to the U.N. That 's the population of Moscow . Syrians driven from their homes , the U.N. says . Imagine the entire Boston metropolitan area emptied out . Syrians who have fled as refugees to neighboring countries , creating humanitarian and economic hardship across Syria 's borders . Turkey has taken in 1.7 million , Lebanon 1.2 million , Jordan 625,000 , and Iraq 245,000 . The reduction in the size of food rations the World Food Programme says it has been forced to make due to a lack of donations . That means people receiving aid will get only 60 % of the daily nutrition they need .	More people have been displaced than live in Moscow ; more people lost their homes than live in greater Boston The WFP has cut food ration sizes by 30 % for lack of donations
CNN  -- Spain 's Champions League woes continued as Sevilla were beaten 2-1 at home by CSKA Moscow to go out at the first knockout stage 3-2 on aggregate . A disastrous goalkeeping error from their captain Andres Palop sealed Moscow 's passage to the quarterfinals , the first time a Russian team has reached that stage in over a decade . With the tie level at 2-2 , Palop made a hash of a long-range free kick from Keisuke Honda as he could tried to punch the ball away and saw it fly into his net . Sevilla pressed but could not find the two goals they then needed to avoid joining Spanish league leaders Real Madrid in exiting from Europe 's premier club competition at the same stage . It leaves just holders Barcelona , who are in action against VfB Stuttgart on Wednesday , as Spain 's last hope in the competition . Tomas Necid put CSKA ahead in the 39th minute lead only for Argentine Diego Perotti to equalize two minutes later and level the tie 2-2 on aggregate . But Palop 's error proved decisive . "  Of course it is a real shame to go out but we have to bounce back from this , " home striker Alvaro Negredo told AFP . "  CSKA deserve it and you have to congratulate them even though it hurts . " Sevilla , who drew 1-1 in Moscow and looked favorites to go through , fielded a defensive line-up as coach Manolo Jimenez opted to leave the likes of Negredo and Mali star Frederic Kanoute on the bench . Brazilian Luis Fabiano was left as a lone striker but it was winger Jesus Navas who missed a glorious chance to put them ahead after only three minutes but he shot straight at goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev . The Russians , who are just back in action after their midwinter break , went ahead when Necid curled his shot home , but Navas then assisted as Perotti equalized almost immediately . Sevilla had chances to move ahead before Palop 's mistake which took the sting out of their challenge as CSKA reached the last eight of the Champions League for the first time .	CSKA Moscow beat Sevilla 2-1 to go through 3-2 on aggregate in Champions League A blunder from Sevilla goalkeeper Andres Palop hands CSKA vital goal It is the first time CSKA have reached quarterfinals of Europe 's top club competition
CNN  In December 2013 , photojournalist Levison Wood set out to become the first person to walk the length of the Nile River . During his travels , he was robbed at gunpoint , evacuated out of a war zone and almost eaten by crocodiles . He crossed swamps , climbed mountains , cozied up to scorpions in the Sahara desert , and dined on rat stew and grasshoppers . Those months , he says , were the best of his life . "  I 've always been interested in the stories of the great Victorian explorers , like Livingstone and those guys , " admits Wood . "  This was an opportunity to try and do something that nobody 's ever done before , but really , it was an opportunity to explore Africa in the 21st century and see how things have changed and how they 've stayed the same . " Wood 's journey began in Rwanda , took nine months and spanned 3,750 miles . It was necessary to make the trip on foot , he says , because "  walking is the only way you can really get under the skin of a country . " Occasionally , he was joined by a film crew from the UK 's Channel 4  the network is planning to air a four-part documentary on his travels  . Sometimes he traveled with a local guide . Mainly , though , he walked it alone . "  The biggest difficult was keeping up the motivation and momentum to wake up every morning , walk 20 miles , and do it over and over again , " he says . "  At times , the monotony was crushing . Khartoum  in Sudan  marked the halfway point , and the most difficult time was probably just before I reached it . I was n't halfway there and I still had 2,000 miles left to walk . That was pretty demoralizing , " he admits . The kindness of strangers Wood acknowledges that his survival was often dependent on the hospitality of local villagers , of which there was an abundance . The people of the Sudan , he says , were probably the most giving of all . "  It 's portrayed in the Western media as this pariah state , and the government does leave a lot to be desired , but it had by far and away the most incredible hosts I 've ever encountered across the world , " he says . Even sharing water , he says , demonstrated an incredible act of kindness -- given it 's a 20-mile walk to the nearest source for many villagers . Half the time he slept outdoors , while the other half he would lodge with a local . Food was n't always a given . In Uganda , he recalled a two-day period when he went without food completely . "  My guide had a catapult , " he recalls . "  He would shoot pigeons . We ate what we could catch . Other times we 'd eat with villagers . The local delicacies could vary , from grasshoppers to rats . " Out of harm 's way  almost The journey was n't without danger . Civil War in South Sudan broke out shortly after his arrival . As he ventured closer to the country , he started hearing tales of death , destruction , and a steady trail of fleeing refugees . He made it halfway through the country , to Bor -- the front line of the war . It was there that he was arrested and brought before an army commander , who told him he was not welcome , and threatened to kill him if he crossed into the rebel side . He was evacuated to the capital , and flew to North Sudan . "  I missed out 400 miles of the journey , but it was a sensible thing to do ; carrying on through would have been tantamount to suicide . " Had he made the trip uninterrupted , he would likely have achieved a Guinness World Record . Now , he 's not so sure , though he says it does n't matter . "  It was never about breaking records , it was about taking the biggest adventure in my life , and it was certainly that . " The finish line Wood 's journey ended in Egypt , where the Nile meets the Mediterranean Sea . It was a cathartic moment , he says , and one that was bittersweet . "  When you 're doing something every day for months and months , to see it end , there will be some sadness , " he admits . Mainly , though , he remembers it as "  one of the happiest days of my life . " "  The first thing I did was run into the sea , and just enjoy the moment , " he says .	Levison Wood spent nine months walking the length of the Nile River In nine months , he walked 3,750 miles and crossed six countries During the trip , he was threatened with guns , ate rat stew and slept with scorpions
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- Police in Tennessee and the Amateur Athletic Union have launched separate investigations after two former basketball players alleged that the leader of a youth sports organization molested them during the 1980s when they were boys . The former players were interviewed by the ESPN show "  Outside the Lines " for a story broadcast Sunday . They allege that Robert "  Bobby " Dodd sexually abused them in hotel rooms during tournaments when they were 12 to 16 years old . CNN could not reach Dodd , 63 , for comment . ESPN said it also had been unable to reach him . The former players say the alleged incidents occurred when Dodd was a YMCA director in the 1980s . Calls placed Saturday to the Memphis YMCA were not immediately returned . But a public relations firm representing the AAU outlined Saturday the timeline of events that led to Dodd 's dismissal last month , noting that the AAU has opened an independent investigation and contacted local law enforcement in Memphis , Tennessee . Dodd has been diagnosed with colon cancer and will not return as president and chief executive officer of the youth organization , the statement said . Louis Stout , who replaces Dodd as acting AAU president , said the organization has provided the Memphis Police Department "  with the limited information we have up to this point " and begun to review such safeguards as screening and training for staff and volunteers . "  While we believe our network of programs has significant safeguards in place , we will never be complacent about doing all we can to protect the young people in our programs , " he said . Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong said , "  Although this case has its challenges due to the amount of time that has passed , it will be thoroughly examined ; and if the investigation reveals the law was violated , the person responsible will be held accountable . " The allegations were made amid child sex scandals at Penn State and Syracuse universities ; both men told ESPN that the publicity from the scandals prompted them to act . One of Dodd 's accusers , identified by ESPN as Ralph West , said he was 14 at the time of the alleged abuse . West said he was on a basketball team run by Dodd , who he said would sometimes slip into his hotel room . He recalled one incident to the network . "  Must have been 3 in the morning . I was dead asleep and I do n't remember anything but waking up and he has his , he 's trying to put his hand in my boxer shorts . And I jumped up straight out of the bed and he 's not there , but he 's laying on the floor next to me down by the bed . And of course I was freaked out , " West told ESPN . Asked how Dodd could have entered the hotel room , West said , "  He had a key . He always somehow had a key to whatever room I was in . " West said he tried to find ways to keep Dodd out of his hotel room when they were at out-of-town basketball tournaments . "  I was afraid to even fall asleep when he was around . And it got to where I would barricade my , if I had a hotel room , I would take the table and chairs and I 'd block it all against the door , " West told ESPN . "  And it got to where he could n't assault me , but he would push his way in the room and then end up , I 'd see , I would n't see him , I would hear him , he 'd lay at the floor of the bed masturbating . And you just lay there horrified . But you do n't know what to do . What , are you going to blow the lid off of this at 14 years ? All you want to do is pretend it did n't happen and not address it at all . You want to hide and bury it . " Asked what evidence he has , West said , "  I 'm the evidence . I 'm not trying to gain anything out of it . It 's not like , ` Oh , wow , here , let me go on national TV and humiliate myself and possibly embarrass my family and stuff so I can tell everybody this deep , dark secret that I 've had . ' The guy should n't be around kids any more . " West said Dodd abused him or tried to abuse him six times . West showed ESPN an e-mail he said he sent to the AAU 's compliance department on November 9 accusing Dodd of being a pedophile , the network reported on its website . He said he got no response to the e-mail . But the head of the Florida-based media relations firm hired by AAU to manage the crisis offered a detailed account of how the organization learned about and then responded to the accusations . The AAU headquarters in Orlando , Florida , began to receive "  brief , cryptic , anonymous e-mails on November 7 , 8 and 9 that alleged , in very general ways , acts of child sexual abuse by Bobby Dodd , " said Ron Sachs of the Florida-based Ron Sachs Communications . "  One of them referenced the year 1984 with nothing further , another referenced the 1970s , " he said . Those messages were sent to AAU 's compliance office and to the organization 's general counsel , Sachs said . After business hours on November 9 , the AAU office received similar anonymous , brief messages on its telephone answering machine that were retrieved the following day by staff members , he said . AAU officers were told of the allegations on November 11 , and flew to Orlando to meet at AAU offices with Dodd on November 14 , Sachs said . "  Dodd informed the officers that he had also received calls making these kinds of general allegations during the same time period of the first half of November , " Sachs said . "  During the meeting on the 14th , he repeatedly denied the allegations to the officers . " He was then told "  to take leave from the office and his post and not to return to the office and , in fact , he has not returned since . " The officers initiated an internal investigation and hired a private investigator to whom they turned over the accusatory phone messages and e-mails , Sachs said . He described the messages as "  brief , cryptic and anonymous . " The phone messages did not leave call-back numbers and the e-mails were not in the name of a person , he said . "  What the organization did was take very seriously the allegation , general as it was , by acting directly through their compliance office , general counsel and engaging a private investigator , " Sachs said . The other accuser , whom ESPN did not identify , said Dodd gave him alcohol before taking him to a bedroom and touching him inappropriately . "  We were at his house and he provided us with some alcohol and , looking back on it now , I know for a fact that he put something in my , my drink that night , because the last thing that I can really remember was him carrying me into his bedroom and I can remember him , you know , touching me in ways that I , I did n't uh , I did n't want another man touching me , " the accuser said . The man said he called Dodd on Nov ember 11 and confronted him . Dodd , he said , then apologized for the alleged abuse . The network said it examined the man 's phone records and verified an eight-minute phone call to Dodd 's number . Both men said they had never reported the alleged incidents to police and had only recently told their families , ESPN said . About the same time that the accusations were unfolding , Dodd learned that he had colon cancer and underwent surgery , Sachs said . On Friday , December 9 , the AAU notified the Memphis Police Department about the allegations and offered to cooperate with any investigation , Sachs said . "  It is my understanding that , until that time , the Memphis police had not been contacted by any complainant " about the allegations , he said . The AAU has directed its private investigator to stand down "  for the time being " in order not to interfere with any law enforcement investigation of the matter , he said . But it is undertaking its own investigation into the matter by reviewing its policies , procedures and protocols , he said . The AAU has 80,000 adult volunteers involved in coaching and working with hundreds of thousands of young people , he said . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Meridith Edwards , George Howell and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : Dodd denies the accusations during a meeting with AAU officials Two players are interviewed by ESPN for a story Sunday Players allege that Robert Dodd sexually abused them Dodd , formerly of the Amateur Athletic Union , could not be reached for comment
CNN  -- The mother of a 17-year-old Rochester , New York , high school student who vanished over the weekend on spring break in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , says she did not give her daughter permission to go on the trip . Brittanee Marie Drexel 's mom says she thought she was at the beach in New York , not South Carolina . In an appearance on HLN 's Nancy Grace , Dawn Drexel said her daughter , Brittanee Marie Drexel , has never run away . Drexel said the high school junior stayed in touch with her by phone , and she last spoke with Brittanee on Saturday afternoon . "  I asked her what she was doing and she says ` Oh , mom , I 'm at the beach . ' And it was an 80-degree day in Rochester so , of course , I thought maybe she was at the beach in Rochester with one of her girlfriends that she had said she was staying overnight , " Drexel said . Watch mom describe daughter 's last call " Drexel said she asked Brittanee to call her later and the girl agreed . "  I said , ' I love you , Brittanee ' and she says , ' I love you , mom . ' And then we hung up the phone . " Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening , though an unconfirmed sighting may have placed her at a restaurant on Sunday . She was staying with friends at the Bar Harbor Hotel on North Ocean Boulevard , according to police reports .	Brittanee Drexel disappears on trip to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina Mom says she spoke to daughter but did n't know she was out of state Brittanee is believed to have last been seen Saturday evening
CNN  The presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands may have resulted in the illness of a Delaware family , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Friday . Paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John after the family of four fell ill . They had rented the villa from March 14 to March 22 , and were later hospitalized . The illness was reported to the EPA on March 20 . "  Our preliminary results do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying , " said Elias Rodriguez , an EPA spokesman . Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the EPA . The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity . It 's not allowed to be used indoors . Only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . "  It 's an ongoing investigation ; we 're still on the island doing our assessment , " Rodriguez said . "  We have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling . " Final test results were expected next week . The EPA is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . "  Pesticides can be very toxic , and it is critically important that they be applied properly and used only as approved by EPA , " said Judith A. Enck , a regional administrator for the EPA . "  The EPA is actively working to determine how this happened and will make sure steps are taken to prevent this from happening to others at these vacation apartments or elsewhere . " Depending on the season , the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $ 550 and $ 1,200 per night . Sea Glass Vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa , said that the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but that their unit was not treated . The company said it licensed an outside company , Terminix , for the pest control services . "  Sea Glass Vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services , " the company said in a statement . The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter , according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing made Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings , the parent company of Terminix . In an email to CNN , a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is "  committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment " and is "  looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . " "  We 're thinking about the family , and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery , " Terminix wrote . James Maron , an attorney who has been a spokesman for the family , has not responded to requests for comment . The SEC filing described the injuries to the family members as "  serious . "	Delaware family becomes ill at the Sirenusa resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in unit where family stayed U.S. Justice Department has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter
A key U.S. senator said Monday he has high hopes for a positive resolution soon to the growing diplomatic crisis revolving around 19 American overseas aid workers facing charges as part of an Egyptian crackdown on nongovernmental organizations . "  Quite frankly , I 'm very optimistic we 're going to get this episode behind us , " GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina told CNN . "  It 's my hope  this will happen  sooner rather than later . " Graham spoke from Cairo after meeting with top Egyptian military and political leaders . He 's joined on the trip by Arizona Sen. John McCain , chairman of the board of the International Republican Institute , one of the organizations affected by the Egyptian crackdown . McCain said he had an "  excellent conversation " with several accused American workers now receiving shelter and protection at the U.S. Embassy . But there is naturally a "  certain amount of concern , " he added . He stressed that he 's not personally negotiating the workers ' release , instead leaving those discussions to diplomats in the Obama administration . The Americans are among 43 people accused in a case involving foreign funding . They are scheduled to appear in a criminal court next Sunday , a spokesman for the Egyptian general prosecutor 's office said . Among the Americans is Sam LaHood , director of Egypt operations for the International Republican Institute and the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . Sam LaHood is doing "  fine , " but "  he 's grown a full beard and he 's not nearly as good looking as he used to be , " McCain joked after meeting with the American workers . In December , authorities carried out 17 raids on the offices of 10 organizations , including the U.S.-based Freedom House , National Democratic Institute and the International Republican Institute . The latter group describes itself on its website as a nonprofit and nonpartisan organization that "  advances freedom and democracy worldwide by developing political parties , civic institutions , open elections , democratic governance and the rule of law . " Freedom House 's website says it "  supports democratic change , monitors freedom and advocates for democracy and human rights around the world , " supporting nonviolent civic initiatives in societies where freedom is threatened . The National Democratic Institute says it works to support and strengthen democratic institutions worldwide "  through citizen participation , openness and accountability in government . " Adel Saeed , a spokesman with the Egyptian general prosecutor 's office , said the raids were part of an investigation into allegations that the groups had received illegal foreign financing and were operating without a proper license . The groups have denied any wrongdoing . The International Republican Institute has said the prosecution is a "  politically motivated assault " that "  reflects escalating attacks against international and Egyptian democracy organizations . " While Egypt may call the situation "  a legitimate judicial process ... the continued assault on American , German and Egyptian civil society is not a ` legitimate judicial process , ' " the group said . "  We 're being accused of things we 've never done , " institute President Lorne Craner said last month . "  We are told we have operated without registration , and that is true because we filed our registration papers 5 1/2 years ago . We were told the papers are complete , and we 're still waiting . " Similarly , the National Democratic Institute said it applied for registration in 2005 through the Egyptian Ministry of Foreign Affairs , "  and has fulfilled all of the registration requirements for the past six years , including a number of updates provided in January . " The group said it will "  vigorously defend the accused personnel . " "  Despite promises made by Egyptian authorities to the highest levels of the U.S. government , we remain closed , our computers , files and cash still in the possession of the Ministry of Justice , and our staffs face hostile interrogations by investigating judges , and now the prospect of arrest and imprisonment , " Freedom House President David Kramer testified last week before the House Committee on Foreign Affairs . "  Nowhere else in the world has any of our offices been treated as they are in Egypt , " Kramer said . The U.S. State Department said last week it had received a 24-page document from Egyptian authorities that lays out the specific charges against the staff of U.S. and international democracy-building groups . The employees of the American and European NGOs have been charged with operating in Egypt without licenses . An investigation by authorities revealed that the organizations received millions of pounds from abroad under the names of NGO employees and not through their official bank accounts . Ashraf El-Ashmawi and Sameh Abu Zeid , the two judges handling the cases , said the charges could lead to five-year prison sentences . "  These organizations conducted unlicensed and illegal activities without the knowledge of the Egyptian government , " said El-Ashmawi . "  Documents confiscated during the raids on the NGOs offices confirm illegal foreign funding . " Documents also showed that foreign workers employed by the NGOs deliberately had tourist -- not work -- visas and did not pay taxes , prosecutors said . Egyptian officials have blamed continuing unrest in their country on foreign interference they attribute , in part , to the organizations . The crisis has jeopardized U.S. aid to Egypt and strained relations between the two nations . In a February 2 letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , 41 members of Congress urged the Obama administration to withhold further aid to Egypt until the country 's leadership lets the organizations reopen and returns seized property . The situation may have been fueled by a sense of nationalism on the part of Egypt 's military-led government , which assumed control following the ouster of longtime President Hosni Mubarak a year ago , said Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  It 's better in the short term to be seen as standing up to the Americans , " she said this month . " ... As the situation continues to be very unsettled in Egypt , the powers that be will look for a scapegoat . Blame your problems on outside powers . That 's how it has been throughout history . " But both sides have "  painted themselves into a corner , " said Marina Ottaway , a senior associate at the Middle East program of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . The Egyptians have made a legal case , she said , and the Americans will find it difficult to tell them to interfere with the work of the judiciary when they are trying to push democracy . Briefing reporters Friday , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the agency 's legal team has held a number of meetings on the situation . "  We continue to work very hard on these issues . So we need to let that work go forward and hope we can solve this , " she said . Nuland has said no speedy resolution of the case was expected .	Sen. Lindsey Graham says he is "  very optimistic " a resolution to the crisis is near Forty-three people -- including 19 Americans -- accused of working for civil society groups Nongovermental organization workers charged with operating in Egypt without licenses In December , Egyptian authorities carried out 17 raids on offices of 10 groups
CNN  -- A 36-year-old man goes out with some friends . They hit a handful of bars . The 36-year-old has some drinks . At the end of the night last May , as the last bar closes , he decides to slide down the railing of the stairs heading out . He loses his balance and falls backward . Four stories . He dies from a skull fracture . His blood alcohol level was .25 , more than four times the DUI threshold . Who 's responsible ? Before you answer that , let me tell you another story . Last April , a man goes out drinking with friends to celebrate his 21st birthday . He ends the night at the same bar the 36-year-old ended his last night at . As life would have it , he , too , decided to slide down the railing . He , too , lost his balance . He , too , fell back four stories . The death certificate stated "  acute ethanol intoxication " played a role in his death . In 2009 another partying 21-year-old fell to his death in that same stairwell . Now who do you think is to blame , the bar or the patron ? Because the stairwell was up to code , I believe the fault lies with the patron . The Michigan Liquor Control Commission is going after the bar . Last week at a state hearing , officials recommended suspending the liquor license for 10 days for the Grand Rapids , Michigan , four-story , 70,000-square-foot multi-venue entertainment hub affectionately known as The B.O.B.  short for Big Old Building  . The punishment is for what officials believe is a culture of over-serving customers , which the bar says it has taken steps to avoid . After the 36-year-old 's death , many in the area went online to point an angry cyberfinger at the bar 's owner for not making it safer for drunk people to slide down railings 40 feet in the air . Anyone who questioned the decision of the deceased was deemed insensitive . Much in the same way , some Chicagoans were upset there were n't more lifesavers along the city 's river , after a drunk man hopped a fence , ignored the "  park closed " signs , fell into the icy waters and died . Why did he venture out to the slick and slushy banks during what has become the coldest Chicago winter in 30 years ? To retrieve a dropped cellphone that landed on a broken shard of ice . A friend he was with also died that night trying to save him . These are all sad , tragic stories . But they come with the territory . Prohibition was repealed in 1933 because we the people wanted the freedom to drink . And as with all freedom there exists the burden of personal responsibility . We have age restrictions , we severely punish law breakers , we educate consumers and make public service announcements like "  Drink Responsibly . " Yet nearly 90,000 people still die from excessive drinking every year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . What are we gon na do ? Go back to Prohibition -- because you know , the war on drugs is so successful ? -- or recognize government can detour behavior but it ca n't legislate away stupid . Case in point : the Kentucky pastor who starred in a reality TV show about snake-handling in church who died last week from a snakebite . So if you 're the kind of person who thinks it 's cool to drink large quantities of alcohol out of a toilet -- which one participant in the social media drinking game "  Neknominate " was photographed doing -- I 'm more prone to give you the side-eye than blame Facebook . Nonetheless , because at least five people have died playing the game , Facebook was compelled to issue a statement which read in part : "  We do not tolerate content which is directly harmful , for example bullying , but behavior which some people may find offensive or controversial is not always necessarily against our rules . " Which sounds reasonable to me but was n't enough for Dr. Sarah Jarvis , a medical adviser for the UK-based charity Drinkaware . She said Facebook should remove the videos , noting "  if the thrill was n't there , your mates were n't seeing you , I expect it would very rapidly fizzle out . " She 's right in that Neknominate -- a game in which players post video of themselves drinking a large amount of alcohol while doing something crazy and then challenge friends to outdo them -- may lose popularity in its current incarnation . But as the recent tragedies in small cities like Grand Rapids and large ones like Chicago point out , Neknominate is n't the issue . The issue is n't alcohol . The issue is us . While I understand the desire to want to save everyone from themselves , I also understand that we ca n't . Alcohol is legal , and every year tens of millions of people consume without incident . And every year tens of thousands of people die of an alcohol-related death . Some as innocent victims , some because of addiction and some because of a bad decision . That 's the deal we made back in 1933 , and I doubt we 'll go back . One of the Neknominate participants drank alcohol mixed with motor oil . Motor oil ! I refuse to make that Mark Zuckerberg 's fault . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Alcohol kills tens of thousands of people a year He says some blame Facebook for spreading word of a deadly drinking game Bars also take the blame for people who consume too much alcohol and take risks , he says Granderson : The problem is that we ca n't save everyone from themselves
CNN  -- Like Americans , Israelis begin their day by watching one of several television news shows . These highlight the pressing issues facing the country . But Israel , of course , is not just any country , but a contested and often controversial Jewish state situated in the epicenter of an overwhelmingly Muslim and constantly roiling Middle East . One would expect , then , to hear commentators on these shows discussing the latest glitch in the peace talks with the Palestinians , the recent terrorist bombing just beyond Israel 's southern border with Egypt , or the revelation of more advanced rockets in the arsenal of Hezbollah in Lebanon . But the topic on Israel 's leading morning show this week was none of these . The top issue , rather , was the percentage of Tel Aviv streets named for women . Turns out that women 's studies scholars and feminist activists have examined Tel Aviv street names and discovered that the overwhelming majority of them are named for men . While preparing for work , I kept one eye on the television and listened , fascinated , as representatives of women 's rights groups argued passionately for gender equality in Tel Aviv street-naming . They made a compelling case and even the show 's hosts , who are generally testier than their American counterparts , were convinced . I , too , was impressed , and not only by the discussion , but also by the very fact that it was taking place . From Tel Aviv it is roughly a two-hour drive to Mafraq in Jordan , the temporary home of tens of thousands of Syrian refugees , making it the country 's second-largest city . From Tel Aviv , one can drive three hours north -- less than the distance between New York and Boston -- and arrive in Damascus , in the thick of the Syrian civil war . Or one can drive east from Tel Aviv and in eight hours reach Iraq , where an estimated thousand people are being killed each month by suicide bombers . A similar excursion of about nine hours concludes in Tahrir Square in time for the latest confrontation between Egyptian protesters and police . A veritable firestorm is engulfing the Middle East , and Israel 's Tel Aviv is just a short commute from its flash points . Yet it was women 's rights , not the upheaval encompassing Israel on all sides , which highlighted the morning news . One explanation , certainly , is that Israelis need diversion from the chaos closing in on them , and what could be more distracting than a debate about signposts ? After all , the question of whether to name a street after Golda Meir is certainly easier than asking if Israel can coexist with a nuclear-armed Iran . Another claim , one that is sometimes voiced by visiting statesmen , is that Israelis have it too good to think about the hard choices they face in the peace process . In fact , support for the two-state solution is vastly higher among Israelis today -- more than 60 % -- than it was during the years of suicide bombing , when it was close to zero . But the real reason for Israel 's interest in women 's rights at this time is much more fundamental and reveals this country 's secret . The reason is fortitude . Unique among the world 's nations , Israel has never known a second of peace . Since its creation in 1948 , and for many years before that , the country has been in a relentless state of war . And yet , in spite of that trauma , Israelis simply refuse to live abnormal lives . Almost militantly , they insist on normality . Call it a bubble , call it a fantasy , but the fact is that it works . In the midst of regional insanity , Israelis have built several of the world 's leading universities , a cutting-edge high-tech sector , a universal health care system , and a wildly vibrant democracy . Yes , there is controversy . There is still no two-state solution for Israelis and Palestinians and no end in sight for the Iranian nuclear program . Israeli intelligence recently reported that terrorists are pointing 170,000 rockets and missiles at the Jewish state . But on the streets of Tel Aviv , quite possibly the most threatened city on Earth , the cafes and cultural centers are packed , the food is superb and people are arguing why more of those streets are not named for women . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Oren .	Michael Oren : Israel sits in a region bristling with conflict and hostile to its presence He says one topic stirring attention is number of streets named for women in Tel Aviv Israelis have always lived with the threat of war , and put it in perspective , he says Support for a two-state solution is strong in Israel today , he says
Washington  CNN  -- New research suggests a high-calorie , high-protein diet may improve the outcome for some service members with brain injuries due to battlefield explosions . The Pentagon spends billions of dollars trying to detect and avoid improvised explosive devices in Iraq and Afghanistan , but traumatic brain injuries  TBI  have become an expensive and troubling legacy of the wars -- responsible for a variety of injuries and long-term problems for military service members . An Institute of Medicine report released Wednesday says improvements in nutrition may offer benefits just after a blast injury and calls for immediate changes . "  The committee strongly supports the provision of energy and protein to patients with severe TBI early after injury , " the report says . "  This important recommendation should be implemented immediately and will achieve significant positive outcomes by reducing the inflammatory response , which is likely to be at its height during the first two weeks after the injury . " The report calls for more research on the beneficial effects of other nutrients and suggests that a different diet before an injury also may have benefits . And researchers point out that changes in treatment and improvements in recovery would have an impact not just in war zones , but on athletic fields , highways and everywhere brain injuries occur . "  TBI is also a major health concern for the civilian population and the actual burden of TBI in the United States is underestimated , " said John Erdman , chairman of the Institute 's Committee on Nutrition , Trauma , and the Brain , in an introduction to the report . "  It is my hope that this report assists not only the Department of Defense in its goal to improve outcomes from TBI but also the public health community as a whole . " The report said TBI "  contributes to nearly one-third of all injury-related deaths in the United States , making it a major health concern for the civilian population as well . " "  According to recent estimates , between 1.6 million and 3.8 million sports-related TBIs occur annually , including those not treated by a health care provider , " the report said . The Institute of Medicine is an independent , nonprofit organization that provides "  unbiased and authoritative advice to decision makers and the public , " according to its website . It was created in 1970 and is the health arm of the National Academy of Sciences .	Brain injuries are a significant cause of death and disability among service members They also account for nearly 33 % of all injury-related deaths in the United States , the report says Studies suggest a diet high in protein and calories could improve victims ' recovery
CNN  -- Dutch investigators will issue a preliminary report Tuesday on the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , which was shot down in eastern Ukraine in July . The Dutch Safety Board said its report will be based on the sources available . More investigations will be conducted before a final report is issued , the board said in a statement on its website . The final report is expected within a year after the crash . The Boeing 777 fell from the sky on July 17 near the Ukraine-Russia border . Of the 298 people killed , a majority were Dutch . It 's unclear who shot it , but the U.S. and Ukraine have accused pro-Russian separatists operating in the region of downing the plane with a missile . After the crash , the separatists took control of the site for weeks , combing through the wreckage and hindering access to investigators . The plane was headed from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report	The Boeing 777 was shot down in Ukraine in July Of the 298 people killed , a majority were Dutch Report will be based on the sources available , Dutch Safety Board says
CNN  -- How many people can play the same video game ? Not in the same video game , mind you , but play the exact same game at once ? With the help of a social-media robot , more than 80,000 people are currently trying . A version of "  Pokemon Red/Blue , " a 1990s game for Nintendo 's Game Boy , has been streaming on Twitch.tv , an online video platform devoted to gaming , for the past five days . A user known only by the gamer tag "  TwitchPlaysPokemon " set up the "  social experiment " to accept chat commands as the equivalent of button pushes . You know , typing "  up " moves your character up , "  down " moves him down and whatnot . Except that tens of thousands of other people are doing the same thing at the same time . The resulting movements of the main character have been spastic , to say the least . Although the horde managed some success in the first few days , capturing several of those elusive Pokemon , the sheer number of people now tapping commands into Twitch 's chat window is causing the game 's main character , Red , to wander back and forth over the same spot , bang into walls and check his inventory with neurotic frequency . The page has been viewed more than 10.6 million times , with the number of active users peaking at about 81,000 . "  This is one more example of how video games have become a platform for entertainment and creativity that extends way beyond the original intent of the game creator , " said Matthew DiPietro , vice president of marketing for Twitch . "  By merging a video game , live video and a participatory experience , the broadcaster has created an entertainment hybrid custom made for the Twitch community . " The modified game 's creator , whose real identity is unknown at this point , has implemented some features to cut down on trolling and help with coordination . The "  start " command has been disabled , after people started spamming it into the chat , and the game now has "  Anarchy " and "  Democracy " modes that players can select via a virtual voice vote . "  Anarchy " is essentially the experiment 's original form , in which everyone 's command is applied immediately . In "  Democracy , " players are allowed to vote on their character 's next move . It takes a vote from 75 % of the players to switch modes , though . And you can imagine how easy that is . Fans of the game have created their own subreddit , Twitch Plays Pokemon fan art , progress tracking via a Google document and a Twitter feed . Twitch.tv hopes this inspires others to transform gaming into entertainment . "  I did n't really have any plans for it from the beginning , " the creator said in an e-mail to gaming site Polygon . "  I just wanted to put it up to see how people would respond . I put it together and put it up on a dedicated server all within a few days . " He , or she , has been keeping track of players ' progress , or lack thereof , and says it would be considered a win if they masses defeat the game 's Elite Four -- opponents who need to be bested before a final confrontation . "  But I have my doubts about it being possible without much better coordination , " TwitchPlaysPokemon wrote .	"  Twitch Plays Pokemon " has drawn tens of thousands of followers Game lets crowd control an old Game Boy game through chat commands "  Social experiment " has spawned Reddit blog , fan art , Twitter feed Its creator is n't optimistic about success
Valdosta , Georgia  CNN  -- Michael Moore , the U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , is expected to make an announcement Thursday in the case of Kendrick Johnson . The Georgia teen was found dead inside a rolled-up high school gym mat this year . It 's unclear what exactly Moore will say . He has previously said he was reviewing the case and weighing whether to open an investigation . A news conference is scheduled for 1 p.m. ET Thursday . Surveillance images and other materials that could shed light on the January death must be released to the boy 's parents , a Lowndes County judge ruled Wednesday . "  We are happy to hear we are one step closer to the truth , " Kendrick Johnson 's father , Kenneth Johnson , said after the hearing . A state medical examiner ruled Kendrick , a high school athlete , suffocated after getting stuck in the gym mat . His parents -- who believe he was murdered -- disputed the findings and won a court order to have their son 's body exhumed for another autopsy . CNN has obtained surveillance video , which was part of what the judge ordered released , showing Kendrick walking along a school hallway and into the gym where he was later found dead . Another student is seen walking in ahead of him . The video also shows Kendrick inside the gym , walking out of the shot , and other students playing basketball . The materials released by the judge -- photographs from inside the gym at Lowndes County High School , surveillance video from outside and investigative documents -- are unlikely to prove what happened to the boy , Johnson family attorney Chevene King said . None of the imagery is believed to show what led to Kendrick 's death , King said . Gym mat death shocker : Body stuffed with newspaper But the materials could cast doubt on the official explanation and nudge officials toward reclassifying Kendrick 's death to allow a new investigation into what happened , King said . "  Essentially , it shifts the focus from what the sheriff had offered to other theories that were not explored and that have I think begun to slowly creep to the surface , " King said after the hearing . The school district and sheriff 's office had refused to release some of the materials , citing state law that exempts the release of "  education records of a minor child . " CNN filed a motion last week to join the family 's lawsuit seeking investigative files related to the case , including the surveillance records . The motion was granted . Kendrick 's parents will be among those who will review the images . You ca n't prepare yourself for it , " he told reporters . "  It 's just something we have to do . We 're fighting for Kendrick to the end . " Kendrick Johnson 's parents want answers CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Victor Blackwell reported from Valdosta . CNN 's Devon Sayers and MaryLynn Ryan contributed to this report .	A news conference is scheduled for 1 p.m. ET Thursday Surveillance video shows Kendrick Johnson walking into a gym His body was found rolled up in a gym mat at Lowndes County High School Authorities ruled the death accidental ; Kendrick 's parents believe he was murdered
CNN  -- Maria de Villota has become the first female to be involved in Formula One for 20 years after joining Russian team Marussia as a test driver . De Villota , the daughter of Spain 's former F1 driver Emilio de Villota , is the first woman to be part of the elite motorsport since Italy 's Giovanni Amati entered three grands prix for Brabham in 1992 . The 32-year-old will work alongside Marussia 's newly-formed driver line-up of German Timo Glock and French rookie Charles Pic , and will be given time behind the wheel during the 2012 season . "  I am very happy to be joining the Marussia test driver program , " De Villota , who has competed in the World Touring Car Championship , told the team 's official website . Pit-lane pioneers : Women in Formula One "  This is a fantastic opportunity to work closely with a Formula One team and gain important experience to help me progress my career , including the chance to drive the new car later in the year at the Abu Dhabi test . "  I will be joining the team trackside so I 'm looking forward to working alongside them at the first race next weekend , and this can only help my future ambition to step up to Formula One racing . " Team principal John Booth welcomed De Villota to the Britain-based team , which competed as Virgin in 2010 and 2011 . "  We are pleased to welcome Maria to our test driver program , which will enable her to be integrated into a Formula One team environment and gain a vast amount of experience that will be useful to her career progression , " he said . "  We will also provide Maria with the opportunity to sample F1 machinery later in the year , further adding to her racing credentials . " De Villota is only the sixth woman to be involved in the elite division of motorsport , the first being Italy 's Maria Teresa de Filippis -- who raced in three grands prix for Maserati in 1958 . The best finish achieved by a woman in F1 was in 1975 when De Filippis ' compatriot Lella Lombardi scored half a point for placing sixth in a shortened Spanish Grand Prix . British driver Divina Galica entered three races for both the Surtees and Hesketh teams between 1976 and 1978 , but failed to qualify . She told CNN last year that De Villota 's biggest challenge would be handling the media attention and withstanding the physical demands of F1 . "  My concern for her is not that she would be an ambassador , which she would be , and I 'm sure she would do a wonderful job , " Galica said . "  But when she actually gets in the car I 'm wondering if she 'll be fit enough . "  I would be in the gym trying to lift heavy weights and get my neck muscles going and just make sure I 'm strong enough . I do n't know her , but I think that would be my advice . " American Danica Patrick attracted huge interest last month by becoming only the second woman to win pole position for a race on the NASCAR circuit . Patrick is the most successful woman in the history of open-wheel racing , after becoming the first female to win an IndyCar series event and coming third in the Indianapolis 500 in 2009 .	Spaniard Maria de Villota joins Marussia as a test driver De Villota is the first woman to join a Formula One team since 1992 The last woman behind the wheel of an F1 car was Giovanni Amati with Brabham Maria Teresa de Filippis scored half a point as a Maserati driver in 1975
Santa Rosa , Peru  CNN  -- Murder suspect Joran van der Sloot arrived Friday in Peru to face charges that he killed a Peruvian woman as police in Lima said they had identified the weapon that killed 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez . Flores ' body was found Wednesday in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot , a Dutch citizen who was twice arrested and released in connection with the 2005 disappearance of an American teenager , Natalee Holloway , in Aruba . Investigators also found a baseball bat in the room , two law enforcement sources -- who said it was the murder weapon -- told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Chilean authorities delivered van der Sloot to their Peruvian counterparts in the border town of Santa Rosa , where he was greeted by hecklers and dozens of media personnel jostling for position to get a better picture of the Dutch citizen . Paperwork showed that van der Sloot entered Chile the same day Flores ' body was found , Chilean police told CNN . He was captured in Chile on Thursday and flown Friday aboard a military aircraft to the border to be expelled , said Macarena Lopez , a spokeswoman for Interpol . The Chileans drove Van der Sloot across the border to a Peruvian police station . He made a 100-foot walk from the car to the station as journalists pushed past a police line and a handful of hecklers rained loud and angry obscenities on the suspect 's head . Van der Sloot was taken inside the station for processing . From there , he was to be taken to the nearby town of Tanca and then flown to Lima . Holloway was on a high school graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba in 2005 when she disappeared . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in connection with the case but released both times . He denied any involvement and has not been charged . The family of Stephany Flores Ramirez , the woman found dead in van der Sloot 's hotel room , said Friday they had mixed emotions about the suspect 's capture and return to face charges in Peru . "  I can not say that I was happy , " brother Enrique Flores told CNN 's Rafael Romo . "  I feel a little relief in this pain that I have and that my family has . This pain that wo n't go away ... We want this action not to happen again . " Stephany 's sister-in-law Carolina Jorge was more outspoken . "  We need justice for our family , for Natalee 's family , " she said . Stephany 's father , Ricardo , was more wistful and philosophical . "  My daughter had everything in life , " the businessman and race car driver said . "  Perhaps my error was to show her the pretty side of the world . I did n't show her that there was the other side to the world -- the evilness . " The family said they thought Stephany had been abducted until authorities found her body . Her burial was Thursday . Van der Sloot 's former attorney , Joseph Tacopina , told CNN it was too early to reach any conclusions . "  I just think we need to take a step back before we get to the ' I told you so ' stage , and let 's see what the evidence is here , " Tacopina said Thursday . Tacopina said he is not representing van der Sloot and no longer has a good relationship with the family . Van der Sloot also faces an arrest warrant on charges of extortion and wire fraud in Alabama , U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance said Thursday . The charges are unrelated to the killing of the Peruvian woman and deal with an attempt to sell details about Holloway for $ 250,000 , Vance said . Van der Sloot , 23 , was traveling alone in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar Thursday when he was detained , said Douglas Rodriguez , spokesman for the Chilean Investigative Police . TV images showed him emerging from a black police SUV at the police station . His hair , which had been dark in previous images , was red and worn in a close-cropped crew cut . There is "  incriminating evidence " linking van der Sloot to the killing of Flores , said Peruvian criminal investigator Cesar Guardia Vasquez . The woman 's bludgeoned body was found in Room 309 of the Hotel Tac in the Miraflores section of Lima , police said . She suffered blunt trauma to the head , breaking her neck , and to her torso and back , Peruvian police said Thursday . Van der Sloot had been staying at the hotel since arriving from Colombia on May 14 , police said . Room 309 was booked in his name , authorities said . A hotel guest and an employee witnessed the pair entering the hotel room together at 5 a.m. Sunday , Guardia said . Police have video of van der Sloot and Flores together the previous night at the Atlantic City Casino in Lima , he said . Two Peruvian cab drivers said in an interview on CNN affiliate America TV that they drove a man matching van der Sloot 's description to a city on the other side of the Chilean border . "  He paid me and I took him to Arica , to the border , " cab driver Oswaldo Aparcana said . The man sat in the front seat and smoked many cigarettes , Aparcana said . The passenger told the cabbies he used to live in Aruba , said the other driver , Carlos Alberto Uribe . Holloway , the Alabama teenager , disappeared May 30 , 2005 , five years to the day since the hotel videotape that officials say showed van der Sloot and Flores going into his hotel room . Both women are reported to have met van der Sloot at a night spot . Ricardo Flores said police found his daughter 's car about 50 blocks from the hotel . Inside the car , he said , authorities found pills like those used in date rapes . Ricardo Flores said he did not believe his daughter knew the Dutch citizen beforehand . Both of them speak English and they struck up conversation at the casino , he said . Interpol had alerted its office in Chile and other bordering countries of the case and placed them on alert in case van der Sloot tried to leave that country , Peruvian Interpol Interim Director Gerson Ortiz told CNN . Van der Sloot was arrested in Aruba in 2005 along with two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe , in connection with Holloway 's disappearance . They were later released . In 2007 , they were arrested a second time after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , who was attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared in which one of the three youths said she was dead -- was not enough to keep them jailed . In 2008 , prosecutors sought unsuccessfully to arrest van der Sloot a third time after a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he considered to be his friend that he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lost consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway 's body in the boat , he said , and then he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it in the ocean . But an Aruba court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruban prosecutors said authorities had met with van der Sloot in the Netherlands , but in a two-hour interview he denied any role in Holloway 's disappearance . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Police identify baseball bat as murder weapon Hecklers , media greet suspect at Peruvian border Brother of slain woman says "  this pain wo n't go away " Van der Sloot was previously a suspect in Alabama teen 's disappearance
CNN  -- The rescue of 33 trapped men in Chile brings home vividly the hazards of mining . How do we defend this very blue-collar occupation , which claimed the life of my grandfather , some of his friends and almost killed me , when I was actually pinned between a rock and a hard place ? Thousands of hard-working folks are killed and injured in mines worldwide each year . This eons-old industry is disparaged by many , but most of the people with close ties to it laud and defend the profession . The truth is this : Mining is hazardous but essential to the lives we want . It 's an activity that produces wealth , provides raw materials for a myriad of products , lifts people out of poverty , develops economies and yes -- kills , maims and disables some of those who work at mining . Miners , from the child coal miners of old who worked to remove "  boney " from the breakers or carried water to the mining executives of today , should be thanked and appreciated for their contribution to civilization . Let 's reconsider labeling mine operators as the exploiters of earth and humans . Let us at least acknowledge their entrepreneurial spirit , courage and willingness to get into a business that is difficult by any standard . My father was a coal operator . But let 's also be fair . Poorly managed mines exist . Some operators still are sympathetic to the doctrines of "  assumption of risk " or "  implied negligence , " so often cited in days gone by as a management defense against the liability of accident loss . Those who do n't study industrial health and safety or have n't worked in heavy industries such as mining often ask how catastrophes -- such as the April 2010 mine explosion in West Virginia at Massey 's Upper Big Branch mine or the roof collapse at the San Jose copper mine in Chile -- can happen . Mining exposes workers to lethal amounts of energy . The energies in underground mines are in states of motion or stored in moving shafts and gears ; electricity ; the mine roof , rib or sides of the tunnel ; hydraulic cylinders ; and more . An unexpected release of this energy can equal disaster . These energies must be controlled at all times and in all situations . Unfortunately , our controls are not always up to the task . The Upper Big Branch event apparently involved the methane gas accumulating into the explosive range and an ignition source . Mine roofs collapse for many reasons , such as fault lines in the strata , inadequate bolting or other mechanical controls , inadequate pillar size or improper mining methods . Mines blow up when methane gas accumulations go undetected or inundate a mine quickly before power can be cut or the area can be ventilated . Investigations into these recent mining disasters have not been completed , so the basic or root causes can not be known yet . To prevent incidents in mining , both large and small , is no easy task . We are fighting a legion of hazards . In underground mines , stored energy in the form of earth surrounds the worker . Miners work in a confined space that has the potential to collapse on them at any time , despite efforts to maintain the integrity of the roof , ribs and floor of the void in which they work . The challenge to identify and control hazards in this workplace is unequaled . Mine safety begins with commitment . Management must commit to preventing accidents by providing adequate resources for the identification and control of hazards . All mines must integrate safety into everything they do . There is no magic bullet to prevent injuries and loss . But it 's essential to have commitment : -- To prevention , vigilance and excellence in workplace examinations . -- To safe work practices and procedures . -- To controlling the hazards associated with the worker , the equipment , material and the environment . This takes dedication , a conscientious work force and some good fortune . A former supervisor of mine was fond of saying , "  Plan for the exception , and expect it to happen . " Perhaps for mining , this goes double . The miners who perished at Upper Big Branch were killed instantly . There was no opportunity for them to evacuate or take refuge . The miners at the San Jose copper mine might have escaped back in August had all escape routes been maintained properly . Companies must embrace an aggressive culture of safety prevention first and foremost and also incorporate a program of mine emergency response that is second to none . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Radomsky .	Former coal miner Mark Radomsky had close call with death ; grandfather killed in mine People with close ties to mining laud and defend it , the safety expert says Mining produces wealth , raw materials , lifts people out of poverty , he says Safety very difficult , he writes ; miners need management to be fully committed
CNN  -- At the premiere of "  World War Z " in London , star Brad Pitt and his fiancÃ © e , Angelina Jolie , were feeling "  great " -- if not also a little emotional . Sunday 's event marked Jolie 's first public appearance since she revealed in May that she 'd had a preventive double mastectomy this year , and the press wanted to know how she 's been since her New York Times op-ed about her choice went viral . "  I feel great , " Jolie told the BBC . "  I feel wonderful , and I 'm very , very grateful for all the support . It 's meant a lot to me . " Brad Pitt opens up on Jolie 's choice The 37-year-old actress previously said she decided to have the double mastectomy followed by reconstructive surgery after learning she carries a mutation of the BRCA1 gene , which sharply increases her risk of developing breast and ovarian cancer . Jolie 's mother , Marcheline Bertrand , died from ovarian cancer in 2007 . Part of the response to Jolie 's story has been an ongoing discussion about women 's health , something that "  means the world " to the actress . "  After losing my mom to these issues , I 'm very grateful for it , " she told the BBC . "  I 've been very moved by support of the people . " So , too , has Pitt . The 49-year-old , who 's raising a family of six with Jolie , said that her decision still makes him "  a little emotional . " "  Because of the act itself , what she did for our family , and then telling her story to others , " he told the BBC , "  what it means to others has really surprised me . She 's a very special woman . " Pitt and Jolie , who strolled the red carpet in a black Saint Laurent gown , also brought their sons Maddox , 11 , and Pax , 9 , to check out their dad 's new zombie action film . "  World War Z " is set to open June 21 .	Angelina Jolie makes her first post-surgery public appearance She walks the red carpet with Brad Pitt at London movie premiere "  I 'm very , very grateful for all the support , " Jolie tells BBC
CNN  -- A few dozen protesters picketed the restaurants of acclaimed chef Thomas Keller last weekend , over his use of an ingredient that has become a lightning rod in the culinary world -- foie gras . Chefs like Anthony Bourdain sing its praises , calling foie gras "  one of the 10 most important flavors in gastronomy . " "  It 's one of the best foods in the world for a couple of reasons , and I think it 's because it has this very unique trait which is that it is on one side , extremely rich , but on the other , extremely delicate , " Ariane Daguin , the CEO and founder of D'Artagan , a gourmet food company that started 25 years ago supplying Americans with foie gras . French for "  fat liver , " this delicacy comes from ducks and geese that are fed massive amounts of food in the last weeks of their life . Foie gras is used in terrines and mousses , and by more adventurous chefs , shaved cold to add a creamy fat element to restaurant dishes . The force-feeding process , called gavage , causes the animals liver to expand up to 10 times its size . Anti-foie gras activists call the process cruel . Producers insist it does n't hurt the fowl . "  We are the easiest target in the world for a couple of reasons , one our accent , it 's called foie gras , it 's a French word , " Daguin tells CNN . "  Two it 's an organ . It 's easy to say that we do n't need a meat organ to survive or to live . Three , it 's expensive , so it 's ` elitist , ' and four , it 's so easy for somebody just to take a look at the photo of the funnel inside the esophagus and to say ` Oh my god , if it were me , it would hurt . ' Well , you are not a duck , so it is not you , you know ? But it 's so easy to empathize with the duck . " Foie gras has been produced by farmers since the days of ancient Egypt , when farmers discovered that the waterfowl 's liver expanded in the days leading up to the bird 's planned migration . The liver , in the center of the bird 's body , stores fat the bird traditionally uses on long migratory flights . Only three farms in the United States produce foie gras . D'Artagnan gets its foie gras from Hudson Valley Foie Gras , two hours north of New York City , which produces about 375,000 pounds of the delicacy a year . Each foie gras sells for between $ 70 to $ 100 per lobe . At Hudson Valley , ducks are raised to 12 weeks before they begin the gavage process in pens 4-feet by 6-feet with 11 ducks in each enclosure , according to Marcus Henley , the farm 's operations manager . Over 21 days the ducks are fed three times a day by a worker who uses a tube to fill the bird 's esophagus with grain . At the beginning , each bird gets about 3 ounces of food , which increases to 10 ounces by the end of the program , Henley said , noting that the esophagus can hold up to a liter of volume . Each duck will yield a liver that weighs about 1.5 pounds . The rest of the bird is processed for its meat , remaining organs , bones and feathers . It 's this feeding process that anti-foie gras protesters target with photos of the feeding tubes and banners that read "  How much cruelty can you swallow ? " "  The idea that you can produce the products that we produce -- that are a delicacy -- by mistreating animals is just completely , it 's inconceivable , " Henley says . "  It 's not how farming is done . " Veterinarians say the bird lacks a gag reflex and their esophagus is lined with collagen , which makes it insensitive to pain . The bird breathes through a hole on the tongue . Still , protesters call the process a travesty . "  The whole point of the production method is to create this diseased liver , which is unlike any other form of animal agriculture where you 're not just growing animals to be eating , but you 're also torturing the animal to grossly enlarge its organs for consumption , " Bryan Pease , an attorney and chairman of the board of the Animal Protection and Rescue League , said . Foie gras producers argue against use of the word "  diseased . " "  When we force-feed ducks and geese and we stop the force-feeding , the liver recesses to normal , " Daguin says . "  So we do not induce a sickness , we just use the natural propensity to expand the liver . " Those opposing the production of foie gras have succeeded in getting California to adopt a law that will make it illegal to serve or produce in 2012 . A ban on the ingredient in Chicago , adopted in 2006 , was overturned by the City Council 22 months later . "  The key will be both banning the sale and getting restaurants to just remove it voluntarily and not sell it , " Pease said . "  They 'll always be able to find a place to produce that is going to make it be legal . They 'll just go to a country with no laws , like China . The key is either for consumers to stop eating it or for restaurants to stop selling it . " Pease says his group has hired staff in New York to begin to target Manhattan restaurants to have them remove foie gras from the menu or face protests . But foie gras producers say they 're being targeted by people whose ultimate goal is a meat-free world . "  There can not be an agreement because for vegetarian activists , no farm is a good farm , " Daguin says . "  They do n't want us to eat meat period . So eventually , if they were to succeed , once somebody is out of the picture , the next one will be the chicken farm down the road . There is no ` good ' farm for activists . " Still , there may be middle ground . Chef Dan Barber , inspired by the work of a Spanish foie gras producer , Eduardo Sousa , has begun experimenting with "  ethical foie gras , " harvested from geese allowed to roam Stone Barns Center in Pocantico Hills , New York. , foraging for food , according to their natural feeding cycles . Daguin says that even those without an interest in the delicacy should pay attention to this fight . "  What they should be interested in is making sure that the farming practices in the world are sound , " she said . "  That they are not destructive -- to me that 's the most important thing . "	Fois gras is liver from a force-fed duck or goose and is considered a delicacy Animal rights groups call pouring grain down tube in fowl 's esophagus is cruel Veterinarians : Bird lacks gag reflex , esophagus is insensitive to pain Ariane Daguin : Complaints are ploy by activists to turn everyone into vegetarians
CNN  -- Luke Donald demands perfection of himself and his caddy on the golf course , so when CNN presenter Shane O'Donoghue was given the chance to carry the world No. 1 's bag for a few holes , he knew the learning curve would be steep . Donald reached the top of the rankings earlier this year by winning the PGA Championship at Wentworth -- despite the best efforts of O'Donoghue to derail his effort in a practice round for the European Tour 's prestige event . Donald 's regular caddy John McClaren was on hand to give some useful tips , but it appeared wasted on the Living Golf host . Donning a fetching pair of shorts and the obligatory caddy 's bib , O'Donoghue hardly made the best impression on their first hole , the 15th at Wentworth , when he marched down the fairway without a key item . "  You will need the clubs , that 's the first thing ! " said McClaren , Donald 's caddy since the Englishman parted company with his brother Christian , who had previously carried his bag throughout his professional career . "  It was affecting our relationship , " Donald told O'Donoghue . "  I 'd rather have him as a brother than a caddy . " Under McClaren , Donald has flourished , rediscovering the form that had taken him into the top 10 after victory in the 2006 Honda Classic and becoming a regular in the European Ryder Cup team . Victory at the 2011 Accenture WGC World Match Play Championship in February put him on the brink of the No. 1 spot going into May 's Wentworth event . Despite his easy-going reputation , Donald 's patience was clearly tested again by the enthusiastic if not exact O'Donoghue -- who next managed to leave behind another piece of golf apparel , the towel to wipe the clubs . His yardage advice also fell short of expectations when Donald hit an approach into a bunker , but saved his par with a superb up and down from the sand . A relieved O'Donoghue thanked his "  boss " for saving his bacon as he showed just why he was about to take over from Lee Westwood at the top of the rankings -- his superb recovery play . Donald said he had made the big mistake of thinking "  I needed to hit it further " to get to number one , and that it affected his swing and his form . "  It has taken me three or three years to get back to my best , " he added . But a rare error off the tee at the par-five 18th at Wentworth left Donald in the trees until he brilliantly engineered another miraculous recovery . Turning to O'Donoghue for club selection , he looked a little surprised when the Irishman pulled out a three-wood and encouraged him to have a tilt at the water-protected green . Despite a good connection , the ball found a watery grave . "  You should have told me to lay up short , " was Donald 's assessment . "  He 's one of the best players in the world at getting up and down from off the green , " chipped in McClaren . "  He would have salvaged par . " Suitably chastened , O'Donoghue 's first tilt as a "  professional " caddy had ended in the golfing equivalent of a red card ! Fortunately , McClaren had taken back the bag a few days later when Donald beat Westwood in a playoff to win the PGA Championship and become world number one for the first time . By then O'Donoghue was back to doing what he does best , presenting Living Golf .	Living Golf presenter Shane O'Donoghue tries his hand as Luke Donald 's caddy The Irishman discovers the pitfalls of the job in a few holes at Wentworth Later that week Donald takes over as world number one from Lee Westwood Donald 's regular caddy John McClaren succeeded golfer 's brother in carrying his bag
CNN  -- Authorities in Colorado say criminal charges are expected to be filed against Richard Heene , a storm-chasing father whose giant Mylar balloon ascended into the sky earlier this week , sparking fears that his 6-year-old was aboard . Richard and Mayumi Heene leave the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office Saturday . "  We do anticipate at some point in the future , there will be some criminal charges filed with regards to this incident , " Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said . The saga captured the nation 's attention early Thursday afternoon , after authorities reported the family 's homemade helium balloon was set adrift , apparently with young Falcon Heene inside . Since then , speculation has mounted over whether the incident was a hoax by the father , who has appeared with his family on ABC 's "  Wife Swap , " and posted videos of storm chasing and other activities online . Earlier Saturday , in an impromptu press conference outside his home , Heene told reporters the runaway balloon incident was "  absolutely no hoax . " The incident prompted a widespread search in northern Colorado that included law enforcement from several counties , the Federal Aviation Administration and the Colorado National Guard . It ended when Falcon climbed down from the attic above the garage at the family 's Fort Collins , Colorado , home . If the incident was a hoax , the only charge local authorities could press would be making a false report to authorities -- a Class 3 misdemeanor , Alderden told reporters Saturday . However , a misdemeanor "  hardly seems serious enough given the circumstances , " the sheriff said . "  We certainly want to talk to FAA officials and federal officials to see if perhaps there are n't additional federal charges that would be more appropriate in the circumstances than what we 're able to do locally , " he said . He said further details would be disclosed Sunday morning , and that neither Richard nor Mayumi Heene , who came in voluntarily Saturday , was under arrest . The couple emerged Saturday evening from the sheriff 's office after several hours of interviews with investigators . "  I was talking to the sheriff 's department just now to further things along , " Richard Heene told reporters outside the building . "  We 're doing well . " He refused to take questions before the couple drove away in their minivan . Earlier Saturday , Heene emerged from his house and offered a cardboard box for the media to submit questions . Watch Heene reveal question box " "  I got people e-mailing me , calling me ; they 've got a lot of questions , and I do n't know how to quite frankly answer any of them other than I 've got a box , " Heene said around 10 a.m. . He said he 'd answer the questions later Saturday night . "  I 'm going to place the box up front . Please write your questions down , " he said . "  I have no idea what the news are saying . I do n't have cable . " Speculation began to mount over whether the incident was staged after the family appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Thursday night . Heene asked Falcon why he had not come out from hiding when his parents were calling for him . "  You guys said we did this for the show , " the boy said . Heene said his son was confused when he made the "  show " remark . There were media assembled on the front lawn asking all sorts of questions , and that 's what Falcon was referring to , Heene said . Alderden said Friday that -- based on reports that the parents "  took these children into potentially dangerous situations " with tornado chases , the experimental balloons and other activities -- it would be "  appropriate to involve child protection -LSB- services -RSB- to at least see what the family situation is and whether the children are in a safe condition . " Earlier , the sheriff told reporters his department contacted child protection officials but asked them not to contact the family until investigators had a chance to re-interview them .	NEW : Criminal charges expected "  sometime in the near future , " sheriff says NEW : Sheriff says he wants to consult FAA to see if federal charges apply Father of boy thought to be in runaway balloon says he 'll answer questions Richard Heene sets box in front of home to receive reporters ' queries
The U.S. Air Force is breaking out some of its heaviest hardware to send a message to North Korea . A Pentagon spokesman said Monday that B-52 bombers are making flights over South Korea as part of military exercises this month . "  Despite challenges with fiscal constraints , training opportunities remain important to ensure U.S. and ROK  Republic of Korea  forces are battle-ready and trained to employ air power to deter aggression , defend the Republic of Korea and defeat any attack against the alliance , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said Monday in a meeting with reporters at the Pentagon . Little said the eight-engine bombers first flew as part of the annual Foal Eagle training exercises on March 8 and were to fly again over South Korea on Tuesday . "  This mission highlights the extended deterrence and conventional capabilities of the B-52 Stratofortress , " Little said Monday . The bombers are flying out of Andersen Air Force Base on the Pacific island of Guam as part of what the U.S. Pacific Command calls a "  continuous bomber presence " in the region . The round trip between Guam and the Korean Peninsula is about 4,000 miles . "  These ... missions are routine and reiterate the U.S. commitment to the security of our allies and partners , " Little said . The B-52 flights come amid spiking tensions between North Korea and the United States after the U.N. Security Council voted to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea following its latest nuclear test last month . In a slew of angry rhetoric in response to the U.N. vote , North Korea has threatened to carry out a pre-emptive nuclear attack on the United States and South Korea and said it was nullifying the armistice agreement that stopped the Korean War in 1953 . Reacting to the U.S. flights , a spokesman for the North Korean foreign ministry described them as an "  unpardonable provocation , " the state news agency reported . "  The DPRK is now closely watching the move of B-52 and the hostile forces will never escape its strong military counteraction , should the strategic bomber make such sortie to the peninsula again , " KCNA reported . Seoul said the B-52 flights demonstrate the strength of the U.S.-South Korea alliance . "  As North Korea threatened to attack South Korea with nuclear weapons , the exercise involving B-52s is meaningful as it shows U.S. commitment to provide its nuclear umbrella on the Korean Peninsula , " South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok said in a briefing , according to a report from the Yonhap news agency . U.S. officials said they do n't believe North Korea is in a position to strike the United States at the moment , but Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced plans last week to deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast as part of efforts to enhance the nation 's ability to defend itself from attack . As for the B-52s , they have been in the U.S. arsenal since 1955 . Once part of the country 's nuclear triad planes , missiles and submarines , the B-52 is now used predominantly as a conventional bomber and as a platform for air-launched cruise missiles . The Air Force said B-52s dropped 40 % of all the munitions used by coalition forces during Operation Desert Storm in the early 1990s .	North Korea describes the move as as "  unpardonable provocation " Heavy bombers taking part in U.S.-South Korea exercises Pentagon : Missions show "  U.S. commitment to the security of our allies and partners " B-52s flying from base on Guam
CNN  -- Jodi Arias and her legal team began fighting for her life Tuesday when a new jury heard opening arguments on whether she should receive a life or death sentence for her murder conviction . It 's been a long legal journey for Arias , 34 , whom a jury found guilty last year of first-degree murder in the gruesome killing of ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander , 30 . This week 's court proceeding in Arizona is a retrial of the penalty phase . In 2013 , the same jury that convicted her became deadlocked later on whether she should be executed for the 2008 murder of Alexander , who was stabbed 29 times , shot in the face and had his neck slit from ear to ear . The impasse came when the jury voted 8-4 in favor of the death penalty for Arias , a source with knowledge of the jury 's vote said at the time . "  The tale of this relationship is one of infinite sadness , " Arias 's lawyer , Kirk Nurmi , told the jury onTuesday . "  The story of this relationship is one of tragedy , friendship , spirituality , lust , passion , forbidden sex , abuse and violence . " Nurmi said Arias went through an abusive childhood and developed a personality disorder early in life but had never committed a crime before the killing . She also suffered emotional abuse at the hands of Alexander , he said . She is very remorseful and is punishing herself , he said . The only appropriate sentence is life in prison , Nurmi concluded . The prosecutor in the case , Juan Martinez , cast doubt on Arias 's feelings toward Alexander , saying "  she loved him so much that after she slaughtered him she showed up at his memorial service . " Martinez described the brutality of the slaying , telling the jury that Arias stabbed Alexander first in the chest while he was nude in the shower , then continued to stab him in the back when he was already bleeding and leaning over the bathroom sink . After making his opening argument , Martinez called police officers as the first witnesses . They showed the jury photos of the bloody scene in the bathroom . A death penalty requires a unanimous vote by the 12 jurors , and during the penalty retrial , a similar 12-0 vote will be required if Arias is to die by lethal injection , said Jerry Cobb , spokesman for the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office . During the retrial , if all 12 jurors ca n't vote for death , then Arias will be eligible for one of two life sentences : life without the possibility of release or life with the possibility of release after 25 calendar years , Cobb said . That means Arias and her legal team will need to persuade only one of the 12 jurors to vote against the death penalty for her to be spared from execution , Cobb said . The judge swore in six men and 12 women as jurors for the penalty phase . Nobody knows , not even the jurors , which of them will be the 12 to actually make a decision about Arias 's life . Graphic testimony expected The 12 jurors and eight alternates are expected to hear evidence for three to six weeks , Cobb said . That testimony wo n't rehash whether Arias committed murder . That 's already been decided . Rather , the jury will hear evidence from the prosecution on why a death sentence is warranted and from the defense on how Arias ' background and relationship with Alexander pose mitigations favoring a life sentence , Cobb said . Nevertheless , the testimony is expected to be gruesome and grisly because prosecutors must show the murder was done in a "  cruel , depraved or heinous " manner , among other factors , Cobb said . "  The state will be arguing and building on that theme , " Cobb said . Arias ' legal team is arguing that life is "  the appropriate penalty " for the convicted murderer for a number of reasons , according to court papers they filed this month . Her legal team notes that Arias has no prior criminal history . She was only 27 when she killed Alexander and has since been remorseful , according to court papers . She also has a psychological makeup that "  impaired her ability to cope with the tumultuous relationship she had with Mr. Alexander , " court papers said . No live telecast until verdict Unlike the 2013 trial , the penalty retrial wo n't be televised live . Rather , Judge Sherry Stephens , who will preside over the retrial as she did in the 2013 trial , has ruled that while TV cameras will be permitted in the retrial , no video can be aired until a verdict has been rendered . The judge 's decision came after the defense argued that live TV coverage would keep their witnesses from testifying . The 2013 trial was sensational , attracting a media circus and a national audience riveted by themes of sex , violence and 18 days of testimony by Arias , who detailed what she called an abusive relationship with Alexander but claimed she remembered nothing of his killing . Public fascination The trial also featured phone sex conversations between Arias and her boyfriend as well as video of her interrogation by police . The public also became fascinated with Arias because she took the stand in her defense . More recently , she sought to act as her own attorney in the penalty phase retrial and was initially granted permission in August . But Arias changed her mind in September . During last year 's trial , jurors and the public saw Arias on video making a number of declarations to police investigating the murder . "  I 'm not a murderer , " she told detectives . "  If I killed Travis , I would beg for the death penalty . " The police video also showed her doing bizarre behavior when left alone in a police room : she began stretching and doing handstands . In another police interview , Arias blamed Alexander 's killing on intruders . "  They did n't discuss much , they just argued , " Arias told a detective . "  About what ? " the detective said . "  About whether or not to kill me . " "  For what reason ? " "  Because I 'm a witness , " Arias said on video . Then came a moment of high courtroom drama : the packed gallery sat in stunned disbelief when Arias took the stand in her defense . "  Did you kill Travis Alexander on June 4th , 2008 ? " the attorney asked her . "  Yes , I did , " she said . "  Why ? " "  Um , the simple answer is that he attacked me , and I defended myself , " Arias said . But the jury did n't buy it and convicted her of first-degree murder .	NEW : Defense lawyer says Arias had abusive childhood , personality disorder NEW : Prosecutor describes the bloody slaying in a bathroom A 12-0 vote by jury is required to execute Arias by lethal injection This means Arias ' lawyers need to convince only one juror to support a life sentence
Jackie Robinson would be proud . Chicago 's Little League team named for the baseball icon -- who broke his sport 's color line -- is headed to the Little League World Series championship , after topping Las Vegas in the U.S. title game on Saturday . The Jackie Robinson West squad -- which is composed entirely of young African-Americans -- will square off with the tournament 's international champions from Seoul , South Korea , in Sunday 's final . The South Koreans advanced after crushing Japan 12-3 earlier Saturday . Chicago entered its own contest Saturday as the underdog . Its foe , Las Vegas , had beaten every team it faced -- including Chicago , which it crushed by a 13-2 score . But this time proved to be very different . The two squads were tied 3-3 after the first inning , before the Jackie Robinson West entry jumped ahead by one run the next inning . Las Vegas took the lead in the fifth on a two-run home run by Brad Stone , only to have Chicago answer with three runs of its own . Ed Howard moved from his usual perch at shortstop to pitcher in the sixth and final inning and -- with a game-ending double play -- sealed Chicago 's 7-5 win . That victory set off jubilant celebrations at the game in Williamsport , Pennsylvania , as well as Chicago , including among locals who cheered after watching the final outs at a Cubs game at Wrigley Field . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel credited "  their positive attitude and success on the field  for rallying  people from every neighborhood . " The boys from Chicago 's South Side also got hearty congratulations from outside the Windy City , including ex-Chicago White Sox great and baseball Hall of Famer Frank Thomas and longtime President Barack Obama adviser David Axelrod . "  Congrats to the Chicago Little Leaguers on winning the US title ! , " tweeted Steve Kerr , a former standout with the NBA 's Chicago Bulls and now coach of the Golden State Warriors . "  So inspiring to see the poise and skill at such young ages . Awesome . "	People inside , outside Chicago celebrate their team 's U.S. championship Chicago 's Jackie Robinson West Little League team faces Las Vegas The Nevada squad comes in undefeated , having crushed Chicago earlier But Chicago rallies to win ; it will face a Seoul , South Korea , team for the title
CNN  -- If every generation has a moment where they adopt a rose-colored perspective of the people and pop culture of its past , the 20-somethings had their turn in 2011 . Those who came of age in the '80s and '90s now span the demographic that 's exiting college or creeping into their 30s . As they do so , various cultural outlets are recreating or referencing the TV shows , movies , fashion and music on which they were raised . This year , we were reacquainted with the staccato giggles of the animated "  Beavis and Butt-Head , " which returned to MTV after originally appearing on the network from 1993 to 1997 . And then , in perhaps the biggest TV flashback , was TeenNick 's weekly late-night block of programming , "  The '90s Are All That . " At the box office , 1994 's "  The Lion King " was re-released in 3-D in September , and we can now expect 1991 's "  Beauty and the Beast " and 1989 's "  The Little Mermaid " to be theatrically re-released in 3-D as well . It 's the same deal with James Cameron 's 1997 blockbuster "  Titanic , " which will also be back in theaters in 3-D in the spring . Not to mention "  The Muppets " being dusted off for another theatrical jaunt this year , courtesy of "  How I Met Your Mother " star Jason Segel  a series that thrives on the theme of nostalgia and looking back  . This year was kind to the musicians of the '90s , as NKOTBSB -- the supergroup made up of New Kids on the Block and the Backstreet Boys -- pulled in $ 40 million with their tour , according to the Hollywood Reporter . And if that was n't enough , the very depiction of '90s whimsy , Lisa Frank , has added clothing to its swath of school supplies . Of course , they 'd be remiss to not have adult sizes . It seems that while the kids have grown up , a lot of the culture that surrounds them has n't . ` You sort of want to relive your youth ' "  Trends tend to be really cyclical , but we 're also in the Facebook generation , and these are the people who are the most visible online and have the biggest presence , " said Robyn Ross , staff editor for TVGuide.com . "  As you come out of college and you 're looking for a job , you 're looking back at your childhood as the days when you did n't have to work and did n't have to think about a career ; that 's the perfect time to be nostalgic . You sort of want to relive your youth . " This theory could be especially applicable now , as young Americans are trying to navigate the murky waters of the economy and their future prospects . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the proportion of young adults living at home with parents has increased between 2005 and 2011 with 19 % of men ages 25-34 living with parents these days as compared with 14 % in 2005 . For women , that shift went from 8 % to 10 % in the same time frame . It would n't be surprising if everyone wanted to go back to when Mayim Bialik was just "  Blossom " instead of "  The Big Bang Theory 's " Amy Farrah Fowler . And to that extent , "  executives are capitalizing on that , " says TVGuide.com 's Ross . Indeed , Nickelodeon 's TeenNick launched its '90s programming block in response to consumer demand .  A tagline on its website reads : "  Remember when life did n't suck ? " Keith Dawkins , senior vice president and general manager of Nicktoons and TeenNick , recalled that it was about a year or so ago that execs first noticed the longing for programs that emerged in the early-to-mid - '90s such as "  Doug , " "  Clarissa Explains It All , " "  Kenan and Kel " and "  All That . " Today 's social media calls for the 1990s "  We really started to notice digitally on social media sites -- Facebook , Twitter , various video based sites -- that there was this chatter and noise by fans that they wanted their '90s Nickelodeon back , " Dawkins said . "  There was even a Facebook page that was , ' I want my '90s Nickelodeon back . ' " Coupled with an army of interns in the same age range who could "  put a face " to the online fans -- which Dawkins said they estimated to be some 15 million strong -- executives at the channel decided to go with it . When the programming block bowed on July 25 at midnight , placed at that time period to indicate that this was for the adults who remembered the shows and not necessarily kids , it was a hit . Ratings for that 12 a.m.-2 a.m. time period , which was on a Monday , were around 500 % higher in the 18-34 demographic , according to a statement from the network . When these adults were kids , the expansive cable market we know today was just beginning to grow , and here they were at 7 , 8 , and 9 years of age with an entire network just for them , Dawkins said . "  This '90s Nickelodeon thing -- it 's not just about the shows , " he concluded . "  It 's about the environment , the packaging , and everything that was going on at that time . They view Nickelodeon -LSB- of the '90s -RSB- as the golden age , because they 're so deeply emotionally connected to that time period . " Stars of yesteryear come back for second round That strong emotional tie could also explain why , as TVGuide.com 's Ross points out , some stars of the '90s are getting back into the spotlight .  And then , you also have to acknowledge that it has n't been quite long enough for them to have fallen that far from our radar in the first place . In addition to Bialik on CBS ' "  Big Bang Theory , " there 's her former "  Blossom " co-star Joey Lawrence , who has starred on ABC Family 's "  Melissa and Joey " with "  Clarissa Explains It All " and "  Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " star Melissa Joan Hart since 2010 . James Van Der Beek , he of "  Dawson 's Creek " fame , is expected to appear on ABC 's "  Do n't Trust the B **** in Apartment 23 " in 2012 in a role that essentially has him playing himself . Even an event such as when Jonathan Taylor Thomas turned 30 this fall can cause the Internet to pause long enough to have a sustained fan-girl swoon , recalling crushes on the "  JTT " of Tim Allen 's '90s sitcom "  Home Improvement . " "  Fans are watching these -LSB- shows -RSB- because they 're also remembering what they were like when they grew up watching them , " Ross said . The actors themselves are "  sort of playing on that , very successfully . " If it seems odd that we 're wistful for that which does n't feel quite that long ago , recall that :  a  more than 20 years have indeed passed since 1990 , and  b  it could be because not a lot has changed . Is nostalgia crimping creativity today ? "  Digital technology has made it so much easier to access the past . You can YouTube almost any video , TV clip , or just the sound . It 's used almost as an audio library , " said Simon Reynolds , author of "  Retromania . " "  Young people today know vastly more in terms of the history of music than I would have at their age , because I could n't access it -- there were limits . Cassettes cost money . Now , you can listen to virtually anything for nothing , if you 're willing to download illegally . You can school yourself on the whole history of music on YouTube . ... It 's not so much about finding new things , but about finding old things that are new to you . " Awareness and understanding of history is not a bad thing  far from it  , and neither is being able to creatively use prior cultural events to help fuel new creations . But , Reynolds believes , our innovation seems to have comparatively slowed . " -LSB- In -RSB- previous decades in pop culture , like the '60s and the '90s , there was a lot of emphasis on the new , on looking forward to the future , on innovation and change , " he says . "  The '60s was crazy for everything new and breaking tradition , and in the '90s there was n't that as to the extent of the '60s , but there was information technology and a lot of things that seemed very new . And , they were both periods that were relatively economically prosperous . " But in the past decade , he suggests that forward-thinking view "  seems to have really died away in culture , except with things like phones and personal communication technology . I think that 's one of the reasons why people are so obsessed with Steve Jobs , because he was the one bringing the science fiction future into everyday life . " Although it 's arguable that the "  mash-up " or the "  remix , " by which one would take references from pop culture of the past and reinterpret it for the present , is the innovation of today , Reynolds is n't buying it . "  So much pop culture has become archived in such an accessible way , you have young people who are nostalgic for things long before they were born , " he said . "  I think that 's a bleak view , if that 's the future , that culture will just keep recycling and recycling . Everything will get very familiar , at a certain point . People can do it very creatively , but I think at a certain point , things will seem kind of stale , and people would 've seen it all before . " And yet , judging from the positive reaction consumers have had to the culture of their childhood being surfaced once again , having seen it all before seems to be exactly the way we want it .	This year reacquainted us with plenty of '90s hits At the box office , 1994 's "  The Lion King " was re-released in 3-D in September Nickelodeon 's TeenNick launched its '90s programming block in response to consumer demand It seems that while the kids have grown up , a lot of the culture that surrounds them has n't
CNN  -- Next time you host a soiree , you can collect photos of the event from your guests in one album on Facebook . The social network has added shared photo albums so people can throw photos from an event or of a common subject into a single spot . The new shared album feature , first reported by Mashable , is rolling out to English-speaking users of the social network but will eventually be available around the world . When you create a new photo album , there will be a new button that says "  Make Shared Album . " Click and add up to 50 other people you want contributing to the album . Each person can upload 200 photos for a maximum of 10,000 images in a single shared album . Every contributor can tag , edit and give captions to the photos they add . The album 's creator can decide who sees the photos by setting the privacy settings to just contributors , friends of contributors or public . You can only add individual contributors . There 's no option to open an album to your entire network or base one on a specific shared gathering such as a concert or sporting event . You can open up the floodgates a bit by allowing your friends to add anyone else they like to an album . "  Hundreds of millions of photos are uploaded onto Facebook each day and today , we 're making it even easier for friends to share photos with the rollout of Shared Photo Albums , " the company said in a statement Creating a single bucket for all the photos from an event is going to be a hit with wedding or other party guests , though the 50-person limit could be tricky if you throw proper ragers . The 68,000 people returning from the Burning Man festival next week can share their dusty photos memories in groups on Facebook instead of each posting them individually . A family vacation to Disney World can be immortalized in one spot . Birthday party guests can share their photos of the guest of honor blowing out candles from every possible angle . The shared photo album is not an original idea . Various startups such as Keepsy , Hipstamatic and Albumatic have tried to make sharing albums easy , but many require everyone downloading the same app or signing up for a service . It makes much more sense as an additional feature on a site that is already a popular place for photo-sharing . More than a billion people are on Facebook , and they 're sharing hundreds of millions of photos every day on the service , according to Facebook . It 's surprising it took the company this long to add this simple , helpful feature .	Facebook is adding shared photo albums for up to 50 people Groups will be able to upload photos after social gatherings to the same album Hundreds of millions of photos are shared on Facebook each day
CNN  -- When he came into our makeshift hotel suite studio in Chicago , Chris Hardwick quickly developed a mild love affair with a bowl of mixed nuts that we placed near his chair . And for a while he even considered keeping the snacks in his hand throughout the interview . "  I want to just hold a bowl of nuts the entire time and not really explain it . " However , in the end he placed it back on the table , with a simple , "  That 's dumb . " And , thus , we launched into a spirited conversation about what a huge dork he is . Because , apparently , when you 're the son of a professional bowler  for real  you naturally develop a passion for the uncool . Sometimes that passion leads to a lonely , sexless life spent in your parents ' basement , but , in this case , it manifested itself in the form of one of the biggest names in nerddom . "  I just kind of one day was like , ` Why am I not working around this kind of thing ? ' And it just so happened that G4 existed and it all fell together . " Soon he was hosting a new show called "  Web Soup , " modeled after E! 's show "  The Soup . " Whereas the latter concentrates on pop culture and notable television moments , Hardwick 's new endeavor became a showcase for the best  and worst  of the Web . However , "  Web Soup " perhaps was n't quite nerdy enough , so in 2010 Hardwick continued doing the show while also launching a new weekly interview podcast called "  The Nerdist . " Jim Norton : I 'm dangerous to other comedians That venture eventually led to him writing a book called "  The Nerdist Way , " in which Hardwick offers self-help advice to his people . The book is due out this fall -- so hopefully none of his nerd followers will create an evil world-destroying robot in the meantime . That would be just tragic . Funny . But tragic . Of course , to a certain generation we would be remiss if we did n't also mention that , yes , Chris Hardwick once hosted , with Jenny McCarthy , the hit MTV dating show "  Singled Out . " There . We mentioned it .	Chris Hardwick hosts "  Web Soup " on G4 , modeled after E! 's "  The Soup " Hardwick has also launched a podcast called "  The Nerdist " His book of self-help advice , "  The Nerdist Way , " is due out this fall
EW.com  -- This weekend , "  Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters " hunted down the No. 1 spot at the box office with $ 19 million from 3,372 theaters . Although "  Hansel and Gretel " can hardly be called a fairy-tale success at this point , it proved far more bewitching than fellow newcomers "  Parker " and "  Movie 43 , " which were left with only bread crumbs in their sad debut frame . Paramount and MGM spent $ 50 million to produce "  Hansel and Gretel , " which was shot in 2011 and originally scheduled to be released in March 2012 . Distributor Paramount moved the film 's release to this month to capitalize on star Jeremy Renner , whom the studio hoped would blossom into a true box-office draw following "  The Avengers " and "  The Bourne Legacy . "  It also seems likely that "  Hansel and Gretel " got placed in January due to its poor quality -- January tends to be a dumping ground for studios ' stinkers .  Whether or not Renner had anything to do with it , the date change proved at least somewhat effective -- "  Hansel and Gretel " outgrossed the last supernatural fantasy with Hunter in the title , "  Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter , " which staked a weak $ 16.3 million in its debut frame . 3-D showings of "  Hansel and Gretel " accounted for 55 percent of its weekend gross , while IMAX made up 11 percent of the total . Due to its R rating , the Grimm tale played primarily to older audiences -- 57 percent of crowds were above the age of 25 , and 55 percent were male . Audiences issued the film a lukewarm "  B " CinemaScore grade , so it seems unlikely that Hansel and Gretel will achieve strong word of mouth . Fortunately for Paramount  the studio suffered a rough winter with Jack Reacher , The Guilt Trip , Cirque Du Soleil : Worlds Away , and Rise of the Guardians -- which passed $ 100 million this weekend  , the film has already earned $ 35.8 million from international territories representing about 40 percent of the overseas market . Last weekend 's box office champ , Mama , dropped 55 percent into second place with $ 12.9 million . With $ 48.7 million after 10 days , Universal 's $ 15 million horror entry has officially surpassed Gangster Squad as 2013 ′ s highest grossing release . Of course , that will change faster than you could say "  Iron Man 3 , " but it 's an impressive performance nonetheless . ` Downton Abbey ' : Big season 4 spoiler ! Two Oscar contenders finished in third and fourth place with almost identical weekend grosses -- not to mention almost identical totals . "  Silver Linings Playbook " dropped by an incredibly small 7 percent in its 11th weekend to $ 10 million . Weinstein 's $ 21 million drama continues to benefit from great word of mouth . And with $ 69.5 million so far and another month until the Oscars still to go , director David O. Russell 's Playbook is on track to finish above $ 100 million . "  Zero Dark Thirty , " meanwhile , fell by a steeper 38 percent to $ 9.8 million and $ 69.9 million total in its sixth weekend . The $ 40 million Sony drama will need to notch better holds if it wants to join fellow Best Picture nominees Argo , Lincoln , Django Unchained , Les Miserables , and Life of Pi in the $ 100 million club . Norah Jones to do ` Ted ' song at Oscars Jason Statham 's annual action misfire "  Parker " lived up to its low expectations , finishing in fifth place with $ 7 million from 2,224 theaters . FilmDistrict 's shoot-em-up , whose budget was in the $ 35 million range , did n't get any boost from costar Jennifer Lopez , who proved unable to attract viewers outside her go-to rom-com genre . Parker opened short of Statham 's last three leading efforts , Safe  $ 7.9 million debut  , Killer Elite ,  $ 9.3 million  , and The Mechanic  $ 11.4 million  , and it will likely finish below $ 20 million domestically . Between Parker , The Last Stand , Broken City , and Gangster Squad , January has been a difficult month for non-fantasy gun-driven violence . But at least audiences enjoyed Parker -- it earned a "  B + " CinemaScore grade . 1 . Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters -- $ 19.0 million 2 . Mama -- $ 12.9 million 3 . Silver Linings Playbook -- $ 10.0 million 4 . Zero Dark Thirty -- $ 9.8 million 5 . Parker -- $ 7.0 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters " hunted down the No. 1 spot at the box office The movie scored $ 19 million from 3,372 theaters "  Parker " and "  Movie 43 " were left with only bread crumbs in their sad debut frame
New Delhi  CNN  -- A series of small bombs went off in and around a world-famous Buddhist temple in eastern India Sunday , injuring two people , authorities said . Four of the eight explosions occurred at the Mahabodhi temple complex , a UNESCO World Heritage site in Bihar state that houses a tree where Buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment . The temple itself was not damaged . The other four blasts hit other sacred locations around Mahabodhi , said Bihar police official S.K. Bhardwaj . A 50-year-old Tibetan and a 30-year-old Myanmar national were injured in the attack , Bhardwaj said . While no one took responsibility for the attack , suspicion fell on the home-grown Islamist group Indian Mujahideen , Bhardwaj said . The group , designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department , is blamed for dozens of deadly bomb explosions throughout India since 2005 .	Four of the eight explosions take place at the Mahabodi complex The temple houses a tree where Buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment Suspicion falls on the Islamist group Indian Mujahideen
CNN  -- Powerful storms roared through the Mid-Atlantic states and portions of the Deep South , claiming the life of a child and knocking out power to hundreds of thousands of households . At the peak of the outages , some 300,000 customers from Maryland to Georgia were without electricity , officials said . The National Weather Service said a tornado was spotted near Colesville , Maryland , in suburban Washington . In Richmond , Virginia , a 4-year-old boy died and his father was injured when a tree fell on them Thursday afternoon , CNN affiliate WTVR reported . The incident happened at Maymont , a 100-acre Victorian estate . "  The estate was being evacuated ... in preparation for the violent storm ... when the boy and an adult male with the boy were struck , " said a post to Maymont 's Facebook page . The estate will be closed until further notice . As nightfall approached , storms with straight-line winds moved into the South and threatened the Atlanta metro area . A tornado touched down near Canton , Georgia , a suburb northwest of Atlanta , around 7 p.m. , the National Weather Service said in a preliminary report . The tornado , with estimated peak wind speed of 105 mph , left an 8.5-mile trail and had a damage rating of EF1 , the second-least severe on a scale going to EF5 , the service said . CNN affiliate WSB TV reported that damage from the tornado left hundreds of snapped trees and damaged a gas station 's roof . WSB said winds as high as 70 mph swept through portions of Cobb County north of downtown Atlanta . It reported 900 lightning strikes in the area in a span of 10 minutes . Widespread power outages Officials in Maryland and Virginia said more than 134,000 customers had lost power . In Georgia , the number topped 170,000 . In Pennsylvania , the prestigious U.S. Open golf tournament resumed around noon after it was postponed because of severe weather moving into the area . And the weather situation appeared to be looking up for Philadelphia , near the site of the tournament . No severe weather is expected , and only light rain is in the forecast . Earlier Thursday , with the words , "  Turn around ... do n't drown , " the National Weather Service warned motorists in and around Lansing and Hastings , Michigan , not to drive through flooded streets . Streets in Lansing were flooded and closed Thursday because of high water , according to CNN affiliate WILX . The weather service warned that "  only a few inches of rapidly flowing water can quickly carry away your vehicle . " Residents of Fort Wayne , Indiana , received a similar warning . "  Flooding is occurring or is imminent , " the service said . CNN affiliate WANE reported Thursday that severe storms damaged northeast Indiana and northwest Ohio . Damaging winds A system of straight-line winds that slammed Chicago with 50-mph gusts and golf-ball-size hail Thursday bowled over trees and buildings in Auglaize , Ohio , CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said . The "  derecho , " as the windy system is called , usually builds in the Midwest then heads east , he said . "  Derecho " is a Spanish word that means straight . The system resembles a squall line , but instead of potentially producing tornadoes , it sends out a slicing wind . Derechos usually dissipate quickly , but , Cabrera said , this one held together pretty good .	4-year-old boy dies in Richmond , Virginia New : Tornado hit area northwest of Atlanta , National Weather Service says Tornado spotted in Maryland , National Weather Service says Flooding reported in Lansing , Michigan ; storm damage reported in Indiana , Ohio
New York  CNN  -- Jacob Stevens scrambled to new wife Clara 's side moments after she was struck by a car and whispered desperate entreaties for her to live . But in his heart , he knew that Clara Heyworth , 28 , would soon die . Blood from a wound on her head was spilling onto the road , Stevens said , and it was clear that she was seriously injured . "  I do n't think anyone can fix this , " Stevens told friends that morning . "  We all know this ca n't be fixed . " A lawsuit filed Monday in Brooklyn federal court claims that the driver of the car that struck Heyworth was intoxicated , speeding and violating other traffic laws . But the civil suit -- which names the driver , Anthony Webb , and the New York City Police Department -- is far from open-and-shut . "  The New York City Police Department is legally required to investigate traffic accidents if there is a serious injury , but their current policy is not to do so , " said a statement from Stevens , who is a plaintiff in the case along with his late wife 's estate . "  They canceled their investigation into the crash that killed Clara that very night , destroying crucial evidence , and they 've also failed to investigate hundreds of other similar cases . " The suit goes further , saying that rather than being a random lapse , the handling of Heyworth 's case is consistent with an entrenched policy within the NYPD of failing to meaningfully investigate cyclist and pedestrian incidents crashes except when the victim 's death is certain . "  NYPD systematically misclassifies vehicular crimes as ` accidents , ' creating a false appearance of declining crime rates while motorists like Webb escape consequences , " according to the lawsuit . Efforts to seek comment from the department and from Webb have been unsuccessful . The City of New York 's law department has said they will review the case thoroughly once the legal papers are formally served . ` Likely to die ' At the heart of the issue is a seemingly simple phrase : "  Likely to die . " When traffic crashes result in death , and sometimes when death is imminent , a specialized squad within the NYPD called the Accident Investigation Squad -- trained to perform a comprehensive canvas of the scene -- is called in to investigate . "  A sergeant or a lieutenant makes a determination after consultation with the doctors -- say , at the hospital to keep it simple -- that there is a likelihood  of death  , " said John Cassidy , executive officer of the NYPD Transportation Bureau , at a City Council hearing in February . "  At that point , the accident investigation technicians ... respond to the location , and they begin the examination of the scene . " The problem , according to Steve Vaccaro , Stevens ' attorney , is that the NYPD has substituted a more restrictive and ill-defined standard of "  likely to die . " "  It is left to untrained officers , given no guidance as to what ` likely to die ' means , to obtain a prognosis for the victim from emergency room personnel completely engrossed in saving the victim 's life , " Vaccaro said . Meanwhile , "  the decision of whether to gather and preserve evidence of how the crash occurred hangs in the balance . " The lawsuit says Webb 's vehicle allegedly struck Heyworth just before 2 a.m. July 10 at an intersection in Brooklyn . "  I can still hear the screech of his brakes and the sound of the impact , " said Stevens , who was steps away but has no visual memory of the accident . "  My friends saw the tire marks that  the car  left all over the road . " By 2:06 a.m. , an officer who had arrived on the scene , according to the lawsuit , radioed that Heyworth "  may be likely " to die . Two minutes after that , the officer asked for an Accident Investigation Squad detective to respond to the scene . Then , at 2:59 a.m. , while Heyworth was being rushed to Bellevue Hospital , the Accident Investigation Squad inquiry was called off . "  Police canceled the investigation because Heyworth was still alive , " Vaccaro said . "  No doctor was at that point willing to say she was likely to die . " Doctors later estimated that Heyworth was effectively brain dead when her head hit the pavement , so it is unclear why the Accident Investigation Squad inquiry was never started , Stevens said . Despite that , doctors at Bellevue offered an operation to save Heyworth 's life , with the caveat that her quality of life would be questionable . Even if it succeeded , Stevens said , it was not clear whether she would regain normal functioning . "  The surgeon said , ' I need your guidance here , ' " he said . "  I was asked , in other words , whether to let her die or to bear the risk of her being severely brain damaged . " Stevens gave the go-ahead for the operation , but despite doctors ' efforts , Heyworth died . This is where the "  likely to die " policy -- which is a departure from state traffic law in which an investigation is triggered , at minimum , in the event of serious injury -- becomes murky for families of victims clamoring for an investigation . "  If Clara had survived that operation but come out of it severely brain damaged , what would NYPD 's position be ? " Stevens asked . "  That they were right to cancel their investigation since she had n't actually died ? " Three days after Heyworth 's death , the Accident Investigation Squad opened an investigation of her case -- an act Stevens says came way too late to collect crucial evidence . Accidents or criminal acts ? Vaccaro says that in many cases involving cyclists or pedestrians versus vehicles , deference is given to drivers , and the tendency is to treat them as accidents rather than potentially criminal acts . "  As a civilized society , we can not classify every accident as lightning bolts from an angry God , " Vaccaro said . "  These cases have causes that are understood and have to be investigated . " The lack of Accident Investigation Squad presence on the night of the crash meant Webb would probably not be criminally charged . "  I 'm horrified that they canceled their investigation that night , " Stevens said . "  I 'm angry about the fact that this not only applies to Clara and myself , but that there seems to be a policy not to investigate violent road deaths in New York City . " What Stevens hopes to gain from the lawsuit is , of course , justice . But on a broader level , he wants the NYPD to make it the rule of law to investigate these cases . "  I want to see the law followed and for every case of serious injury or death on the road to be properly investigated , " Stevens said . "  I want the police to solve the crimes that people want solved . " Bicycle injuries : Is the right-of-way fight getting ugly ?	Widower Jacob Stevens is a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed against the NYPD Stevens says the police failed to investigate his wife 's death after she was hit by a car At the heart of the issue is a seemingly simple phrase : "  Likely to die "
What better combination than railroads and leaf-peeping ? No traffic , no driving distractions , just a leisurely ride featuring fiery blasts of fall color . Ride the rails in these five locations for a heaping helping of autumn or consider a scenic train trip in your neck of the woods . Hobo & Winnipesaukee Scenic Railroads , New Hampshire The Hobo & Winnipesaukee Scenic Railroads offer a handful of foliage train rides in New Hampshire , including a four-hour expedition from Meredith through the Lakes Region toward the White Mountains . Pass by Lake Waukewan and Lake Winona , rocky gorges and Livermore Falls on the way to Plymouth , where a hot buffet lunch awaits at the Common Man Inn . This special round-trip route is offered weekends through October 16 . Coach tickets , including lunch , are $ 54 for adults and $ 25 for kids . Check the website for details and more foliage rides . Great Smoky Mountains Railroad , Bryson City , North Carolina Departing from Bryson City , North Carolina , this railroad offers two fall excursions . One is a round trip to the Nantahala Gorge along the Little Tennessee and Nantahala rivers . The 4.5-hour trip includes an hour on the ground at the Nantahala Outdoor Center where you can picnic or buy lunch . The other excursion along the Tuckasegee River is a round trip to Dillsboro , with an hour and a half layover for shopping and dining in the village . In October , standard tickets for both options are $ 53 for adults and $ 31 for kids . For optimal foliage views , check out the new open-air cars debuting October 1 . Hocking Valley Scenic Railway , Nelsonville , Ohio In addition to weekend excursions , Hocking Valley Scenic Railway is running two weekday foliage trains on Thursdays and Fridays in October . The more than two-hour round-trip rides depart at 1:30 p.m. from the Nelsonville Depot and include a half-hour stop in Robbins Crossing , a restored 1840s village on the campus of Hocking College . Adult tickets are $ 16 , kids ages 3 to 12 are $ 11 . Check Ohio foliage reports for the best fall color . Mount Rainier Scenic Railroad , Elbe , Washington Ride through the foothills of Mount Rainier on leaf-peeping excursions from Elbe , Washington , to Mineral Lake . On clear days , gorgeous views of the snow-capped mountain add to wildlife sightings and the striking fall colors . The trip , about 45 minutes each way , includes a 15-minute stop at the lake that can be extended by taking the afternoon train back . Trains depart Saturdays and Sundays from October 2 to 16 . Adult tickets are $ 20 , kids 4 to 12 cost $ 15 . North Shore Scenic Railroad , Duluth , Minnesota Soak in eye-popping splashes of yellow , red and orange on a leisurely six-hour round-trip excursion along the shores of Lake Superior between Duluth and Two Harbors . A two-hour stop in Two Harbors gives riders time to explore the historic town and have lunch before the ride back to Duluth . The foliage ride is offered every Friday , Saturday and Sunday through October 16 . Adult tickets are $ 30 , children ride for $ 18 . Reservations are required .	Scenic railroads across the United States offer autumn excursions for leaf peepers In North Carolina , ride into the Nantahala Gorge for a fall foliage experience The North Shore Scenic Railroad in Minnesota runs along the shores of Lake Superior
London  CNN  -- The first solo exhibition in about 20 years of early photos of the Beatles taken by a British photographer who designed five of their UK album covers is on display in London . Robert Freeman photographed and designed the Fab Four 's second to sixth album covers and was the group 's favored snapper for three years between 1963 and 1966 in their early and middle stages of fame . Freeman also traveled with the band on their momentous first tour of USA in 1964 when Beatlemania first spread across the Atlantic . Freeman , who is now in his 70s and lives near Seville in Spain , sold his entire Beatles collection to rock 'n' roll photo curator and agent Raj Prem many years ago . The 58-year-old Londoner has put up a solo exhibition of Freeman 's work at Snap Galleries in Piccadilly Arcade , London . "  Someone gave me Freeman 's number in Spain and I contacted him and flew over to see him , " Prem says . "  I was so impressed by his collection of Beatles photos that I kind of did a deal and gave him some money and bought the entire collection . The increasing scarcity of the prints is making them go up in value all the time , " he adds . "  I did not know when I bought them that they would go up because I was at the beginning of my career -- I had no idea at all , " says Prem . Freeman made no more than 25 editions of each print and many editions are now almost sold out . He is not making any more prints , so for some of the photos on sale , there is just one example left -- signed and numbered by him . "  He was very close to Lennon , " Prem says , explaining that Freeman even lived in a flat below Lennon in London for one year . Freeman also photographed and designed the covers of John Lennon 's first two books , "  In His Own Write " and "  A Spaniard in the Works " too . According to Prem , Freeman described Lennon as "  highly creative , very witty and a very surreal person -- the most interesting of all the Beatles . " "  But he did say to me once that he found Ringo Starr the most interesting to photograph as he 's got a large nose and a face with a kind of pathos . He always said Lennon was the best looking , " he adds . After graduating from Cambridge University in 1959 , Freeman became a photographer working for the Sunday Times and various magazines . It was moody black and white pictures he took of John Coltrane at the London Jazz Festival in 1963 that impressed Beatles manager Brian Epstein that led to his first commission -- to shoot the cover of the Beatles ' second album , "  With the Beatles . " It is now one of the most famous sleeves in rock music . He proceeded to photograph the next four consecutive Beatles ' album covers -- "  A Hard Day 's Night , " "  Beatles for Sale , " "  Help ! " and "  Rubber Soul " -- all considered seminal and ahead of their time compared to LP designs at the time . Some covers , like the music , were modified for the U.S. market . "  Freeman was not the only photographer who took pictures of the Beatles but he was the only one who worked with them for a continuous period of three years and he was their favorite photographer during that time , " Prem says . "  He toured with them . He was obviously a trusted confidante . " Freeman also shot many other rock stars and photographed the first ever Pirelli Calendar in 1964 , but according to Prem his work with the Beatles "  overshadowed everything else he ever did . " ` With the Beatles ' shot him to fame , " Prem says . " ` Please Please Me ' was a very anodyne shot and was not so easy to recall as the following album . " He puts the "  With the Beatles " album cover among the top three Beatles album cover designs of all time , the others being "  Abbey Road " and "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band . " Freeman also took many other portraits of the boys in different settings capturing their individual personalities and he designed the opening and closing credits of the comedy films "  A Hard Day 's Night "  1964  and "  Help ! "  1965  , both of which starred the rock group . But when his proposal for the sixth album , "  Revolver , " was rejected , he pretty much stopped working with them after that , Prem says . "  I do n't think he was upset -- he felt it was inevitable . I do n't think he stayed in touch with the Beatles after that . He continued with his other photography . " But he recalls : "  Freeman was living in Hong Kong when Lennon was assassinated in 1980 and he told me that he had a photo of Lennon on his wall and it fell down at exactly the same time . " "  What makes the Beatles unique is that their appeal is not purely nostalgic , " Prem explains . "  The Rolling Stones mean little now to anyone under the age of 30 whereas the Beatles are probably bigger now than they were at the time . When they went over on their first tour to the USA they got what was then the biggest audience in the history of American TV when they appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show , " Prem adds . Read about when the Beatles hit America Japan and America are his biggest customer market for this collection , which has prints priced from $ 1,500  # 1,000  upwards . "  We 've had a fabulous reaction from Beatles fans , " says Guy White , the director of Snap Galleries . "  We 've had all age ranges and people from all round the world coming to see us . As soon as the show went up , we found that all the Beatles and rock 'n' roll tours of London were including the gallery on their itineraries . We 've had fans alongside serious collectors , " he says . "  His five covers are so interesting because , putting it simply , they show five completely different ways of portraying four heads in a 12-inch square . " The most expensive print on sale is an ultra large size sepia print of Rubber Soul , the only one left the world , which is up for sale at $ 45,000  # 30k . In his coffee table book , The Beatles : A Private View , Paul McCartney is quoted as saying of Freeman 's work : "  I have a feeling that Bob 's photos were amongst the best ever taken of The Beatles . " The exhibition Robert Freeman : Beatles for Sale continues at Snap Galleries , Piccadilly Arcade , London , until March 16 , 2013 . All the prints are from the Raj Prem collection .	Robert Freeman was favored snapper of Beatles between 1963 and 1965 He photographed and designed five consecutive Beatles ' album sleeves Exhibition of his collection on display in London for first time in 20 years Prints include only example left of one ultra large "  Rubber Soul " print
CNN  -- Walking into school Wednesday morning was not easy for Constance McMillen . The last time she 'd been there was March 11 , the day after her Fulton , Mississippi , high school canceled prom rather than allow her to wear a tuxedo and attend with her girlfriend . She did n't assume last week 's spring break would cool things down . She expected stares , dirty looks and cold shoulders , and passing through the doors was daunting . Over these last two weeks , she said , she 's had a hard time sleeping , can barely eat , feels anxious and -- until she saw a doctor for help -- often felt like she was "  going to throw up . " "  I 've been very nervous about all of this , " the 18-year-old Itawamba Agricultural High School senior said . "  I do n't like being somewhere where everyone hates me . " McMillen 's name made national headlines when she , with the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , filed suit against her school and the Itawamba County School District , asking them to reinstate prom for everyone , without discrimination . A federal judge in Mississippi ruled Tuesday that while he would n't force the school to have a prom , which had originally been scheduled for April 2 , he agreed that McMillen 's First Amendment rights had been violated . That was good news , said her attorney , Christine Sun , senior counsel with the ACLU 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender project . It set a precedent and helped broadcast an important statement , which was made stronger by virtue of where it came from , she said . "  We 're in a conservative area of the country , where people tend to think we can do what we like , " said Sun , who lives in New York but has traveled multiple times to Mississippi for this legal push . "  This case sends a strong message that that 's not going to fly anymore . " The only pending issue , Sun said , is the question of damages and the ACLU 's request for attorneys ' fees . An amended complaint to seek a quick resolution on this should be filed in the next 30 days , she said . Meantime , McMillen is trying to find her new normal . In many ways , she stands in an awkward balance . Though there are some people who support her in Fulton  population about 4,000  , the overarching tension and what she described as "  hostility " that she feels at school and in her community is in deep contrast to the reception and groundswell of support that 's overwhelmed her nationally . As a poster child for the rights of LGBT students , she 's been asked to jump on airplanes to appear on news programs and talk shows . The Facebook fan page "  Let Constance Take Her Girlfriend to Prom ! " had attracted more than 414,000 fans as of Friday morning . Wealthy individuals , including Ellen DeGeneres , have offered to pay for a prom for her school . She 's received a $ 30,000 college scholarship from an anonymous donor and Tonic.com , a digital media company in New York that 's also offered her a summer internship . She 's even been invited to high school proms in cities she 's never visited . "  It means a lot to me , " she said of the outreach from others . "  The amount of support helps me to continue with the fight . " But all McMillen , who came out as a lesbian in eighth grade , ever wanted was to go to her school prom with her class , and with her girlfriend . Going to another school 's prom , while a nice offer , does n't make any sense to her . Parents at her school are reportedly planning a "  ball " for the same night that prom was intended . McMillen said she 's still trying to find out if she 's free to attend with her girlfriend . She wo n't go otherwise . She never meant to be a spoiler for others when she sought approval to bring her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo , she said . She thought she was doing the right thing by asking in advance , since the school had stipulated in a February memo that dates must be of the opposite sex . Rather than give her permission , the school canceled the prom . McMillen said she 's learning who her "  true friends " are . They 're the ones who respect her for taking a stance , defend her when others talk trash about her , do n't turn their backs when she approaches and are n't afraid to be seen with her . Her girlfriend , too , has remained a constant support , even though she herself has n't gone public . McMillen also said she 's blessed to have family members who shore her up even if they do n't all feel comfortable with her sexual orientation . "  My grandmother does n't believe in it -LSB- same-sex relationships -RSB- but still stands behind me no matter what , " McMillen said , her southern drawl thick . "  She 's a conservative Christian but respects that it 's my life . She does n't think discrimination of any kind is right . " Whether she intended to or not , McMillen has inspired others -- not just nationally but in her home state , said Izzy Pellegrine , 19 , a student at Mississippi State University . "  I thought for a long time I was the only gay person in the state of Mississippi , " said Pellegrine , who came out at 15 and went to high school about 1 1/2 hours from where McMillen lives . McMillen 's actions speak for others who feel unable to speak for themselves , said Pellegrine , who 's a founding board member of the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition , which helped connect McMillen with the ACLU . The grass-roots organization seeks to protect the interests of LGBT youth and will host a "  second chance prom " on May 8 , an event Pellegrine estimated may attract as many as 500 students , thanks in large part to the way McMillen 's fight empowers others . "  Usually Mississippi is 10 or 20 years behind , " Pellegrine said . "  For Mississippi to be spearheading the LGBT student movement is unheard of . I , personally , and my co-workers are so proud to have it happen in our state , " where "  queer flight , " the compulsion to leave as soon as one is able , is rampant , she said . As for where life will take McMillen after graduation , she is n't yet sure . She 's still thinking about that summer internship offer in New York and is pretty certain she 'll attend Itawamba Community College for a couple years before going to one of her dream schools , Southern Mississippi State University or UCLA . What she does know is she 'd like to study and possibly pursue a career in psychology . "  I like helping people , and I like talking to people about their problems , " she said . "  I find the human mind and human behavior very interesting . "	Constance McMillen in news after school cancels prom ; she wanted to bring girlfriend Support nationally shows in TV visits , prom offers , Facebook fans and scholarship At home , Mississippi high school senior deals with tensions , anxiety , "  hostility " Her and ACLU 's fight inspires others , making her poster child for LGBT student activism
CNN  -- "  This is a man without a core , a man without substance , a man that will say anything to become president of the United States . " Rudy Giuliani uttered these harsh words when describing Mitt Romney eight months ago . But then , four months later , Giuliani endorsed Romney . Is Giuliani correct ? Is Romney truly a man "  without a core " ? The simple answer : No . Romney has a distinct core -- not that of a politician , but of a CEO . What do I mean ? We have become accustomed in these highly partisan times to politicians who adhere rigidly to their ideological positions . They do n't change their views to attract supporters . Rather , they want voters to agree with the positions they advocate . In contrast , a CEO is not shackled by ideology . A CEO 's success is measured by the bottom line , not by how many principles he or she sticks to . To the CEO , if a product is not selling , you do n't stick with it until the product destroys your business . Instead , you tweak it . You rebrand it . You try a new slogan or new packaging . And if people are still not buying it , like New Coke , you drop it . You regroup , come up with a new product and then start selling again . Romney is first and foremost a businessman . In fact , Romney has repeatedly made this very point to us with statements like : "  I spent my life in the private sector , not in government . I only spent four years as a governor . I did n't inhale . I 'm a business guy . " I 'm not defending Romney 's acrobatic flips on issues . In fact , if Romney loses this election , he would make a great circus performer . I can see the ads : "  The Amazing Romney -- he can change positions in midair . " At times , I truly wonder if Mitt realizes we have Google and can look up his record on issues . But Romney 's "  evolution " on certain key issues does not technically constitute a "  flip-flop , " which is defined by Dictionary.com as , "  A sudden or unexpected reversal as of direction , belief , attitude or policy . " Romney 's changing views are neither sudden nor unexpected . Rather , they are astutely calculated by Romney the businessman to appeal to the customers he 's targeting at that very moment . This is a man clearly driven by the adage : "  The customer is always right . " For example , this week Romney declared that the individual mandate imposed by Obamacare is a tax . Yet when Romney was the governor of Massachusetts , he implemented an identical individual mandate but consistently denied it was a tax . Romney has simply modified his "  product line " to attract the most customers based on the current marketplace conditions . Even "  Mad Men 's " Don Draper would have to be in awe of Romney 's business acumen . This strategy is even more apparent when you contrast Romney 's views from when he ran for office in Massachusetts with those he espoused when seeking the Republican presidential nomination . In Massachusetts , Romney fashioned a product that appealed to the left-leaning consumers who populate the state . But when seeking to sell his wares to the more conservative Republican primary market , he customized it accordingly . For example , on abortion , Romney was unequivocally pro-choice in his run for the Senate in 1994 and for governor in 2002 . In fact , during a 2002 gubernatorial debate , Romney stated , "  I will preserve and protect a woman 's right to choose and am devoted and dedicated to honoring my word in that regard . " But when Romney sought the Republican nomination , he tweaked his goods to appeal to these right-leaning buyers by saying , "  I support the reversal of Roe v. Wade . " On gun control , Romney admitted during his 1994 Senate race that his views were , " ... not going to make me the hero of the NRA . " Indeed , as governor , Romney signed into law a ban on assault weapons , dubbing them "  instruments of destruction with the sole purpose of hunting down and killing people . " Flash forward to 2012 . During the Republican primaries , Romney again fine-tuned his merchandise to attract the more conservative gun owners . In April , he even addressed the NRA 's national convention , explaining , "  We need a president who will enforce current laws , not create new ones that only serve to burden lawful gun owners . " Romney not only revamped his product line , he also repackaged himself . During his 1994 Senate campaign , Romney told Massachusetts voters , "  I 'm not trying to return to Reagan-Bush . " But when running for the Republican presidential nomination , he shrewdly rebranded himself as a self-described "  Reagan Republican . " For many , a CEO-style president could be a good fit . Romney 's track record indicates he will likely be a pragmatic leader , not rigidly beholden to ideology . But for others like myself , Romney 's CEO core and ever evolving product line lead to doubt about every word he says . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Is Mitt Romney truly a man "  without a core " ? No . Obeidallah : Romney has a distinct core -- not one of a politician , but one of a CEO He says a CEO is not shackled by ideology , but by how well he can sell a product Obeidallah : Romney the businessman modifies his messages to get the customers
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Setting one species up to scare off or even kill another is nothing new . One of the world 's most fearsome killers ? Me ? The heart-stoppingly infamous cane toad . Toads , bees , mongoose and even moths have all been utilized with varying degrees of success over the years in the hope that they could do the job humans could n't . Sometimes it works , frequently it does n't , and in some cases we are still waiting to find out . If any of these following examples teaches us anything at all , it is that if you are going to play with Nature , you do so at your own peril . Click here for gallery " The Cane Toad Who would have thought a humble toad could end up as the killer of one of the world 's most fearsome creatures , the crocodile ? It all started off so innocently , too . Introduced to Australia in 1935 from Hawaii , the cane toad , which is native to Central and South America , was supposed to kill off the scarab beetles that were decimating Australian sugarcane crops . Unfortunately , the toads failed to go after the beetles and decided to multiply at a very fast rate instead  they can lay between 8,000 and 30,000 eggs in one go  ending up as another pest the Australians were keen to see the back of . According to the Australian Department of the Environment and Heritage  DEH  , the cane toad "  expanded through Australia 's northern landscape at 27-50 kilometers a year " and is now heading south at a rate of 1.3 kilometers a year . Cane toads not only eat pretty much anything that can fit in their mouths , but as of yet , no known predators or diseases have been identified that can take them on . The problem is that they are extremely toxic , with the DEH stating "  almost anything that eats the toad dies rapidly from heart failure " . And that includes crocodiles . According to the University of Sydney , crocodile populations that have come across these new pests have been dropping like flies , in some places by as much as 77 percent . Small Indian mongoose The risk with hired killers is that sometimes they can be a bit too good at their job . Such is the case with the small Indian mongoose , which was introduced into Hawaii and some of its surrounding islands in 1883 . The idea was the mongoose , a "  voracious and opportunistic predator , " according to Columbia University , would keep rats out of the sugarcane fields , where they had been feasting on what was on offer . The mongooses came in and missed out on the rats , as the former happened to be day-lovers , while the latter was nocturnal . So they turned their attention to other species instead , including birds  specifically ground nesters  , small mammals and reptiles  they particularly liked snakes and iguanas  . Little did the Hawaiians know at the time , but the small Indian mongoose is one of the world 's most fearsome killers , now listed by the World Conservation Union in the top 100 of the world 's worst invaders . These tiny creatures have hunted several species to extinction , including , says Columbia University , at least seven types of amphibians and reptiles in the West Indies ; and in Jamaica alone it has been responsible for the extinction of a lizard , a snake , a rat and two birds . In Hawaii , the endangered Hawaiian crow , the endangered dark-rumped petrel and the nene goose are now all at risk , thanks to the appetite of this tiny , furry creature . And to make matters worse , this particular mongoose is a vector for rabies too . The English sparrow The early bird catches the worm , but if that bird is an English sparrow , it does a little more than that , as the Americans found out in 1850 . It was then that the bird was intentionally introduced to the U.S. as a means of protecting trees from canker worms . But according to Cornell University , the sparrow also set about feasting on crops as well . The sparrow had a very varied appetite , feeding on wheat , oats , corn and barley , pretty much any vegetable or fruit it laid its eyes on and it had a taste for chicken feed too . Surprisingly for its size , the sparrow is also a fairly aggressive creature and proved a bit of a bully to the locals , "  displacing some native birds and harassing others " , says Cornell . To add insult to injury , it carried 29 diseases that infected both humans and livestock . While U.S. populations are now largely on the decline , according to the Global Invasive Species Database , Australia meanwhile is on high alert , with the bird now having been assigned as "  an extreme threat category " there . The red Fox Australia has an unenviable claim to fame : it is home to the most number of mammal extinctions in the world . According to the World Wildlife Fund  WWF  , nearly half of all mammals that have gone extinct in the last 200 years , have been Australian . And much of the responsibility for these extinctions rests on the shoulders of introduced predators like the red fox . Just on its own the red fox could be responsible for "  dozens of small mammal extinctions " in the country , according to Columbia University . The English brought the red fox with them to the country in 1855 , not only introducing it for a spot of hunting , but also , it is thought , to control the brown hare populations . Unfortunately , the red fox was an excellent predator but it liked chasing after more types of creatures than just the brown hare . It had a ball , as Australian wildlife just was n't equipped to deal with it . As a result , it freely preyed on birds , mammals of varying sizes and reptiles . It particularly seemed to like newborn lambs , goat kids and chickens , creating an economic headache for local farmers . And it did n't take them too long to spread either -- according to Australia 's DEH , it took the red fox just 100 years to inhabit almost the entire continent . A natural scavenger , the red fox is incredibly adaptable too , which has meant not only has it proliferated on a massive scale , but with the absence of any real predators to speak of , they have proven very difficult indeed to kill . The European red fox is often described as Australia 's number one predator ; and as its also a "  key carrier of rabies " , says Columbia , the red fox is up there amongst Australia 's most unwelcome guests . Sources : Discover Magazine ; Mongabay.com ; Australian Department of Environment and Heritage ; University of Sydney ; WWF ; Columbia University ; ScienceDaily ; University of Washington College of Forest Resources ; Global Invasive Species Database ; National Geographic ; Cornell University	Cane toads have been blamed for mass crocodile deaths in Australia Small Indian mongoose one of the world 's "  worst invaders " Red fox responsible for "  dozens of mammal extinctions "
CNN  -- Former Tunisian President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali said Monday he has been unfairly portrayed and discredited by political opponents seeking to make a break with their country 's past . Ben Ali , in a written statement released by his lawyer , Jean-Yves Le Borgne , said it was time to break his silence because he is "  tired of being made a scapegoat " and is a victim of "  injustice . " Ben Ali said that recent searches conducted of his official and personal offices were "  merely stage dressing " meant to discredit him . The former leader denied allegations that he has improper bank accounts or property holdings outside of Tunisia . He called various charges against him "  nothing but a masquerade with the only purpose of illustrating a symbolic break with the past . " Ben Ali argued , contrary to the assertions of his opponents , that he has always worked for what he thought "  was the good of the Tunisian people , improving living standards and progressing on the path to modernity . " Protests against Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- began to erupt late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . The revolt led to Ben Ali 's ouster and triggered a wave of protests against longtime rulers across North Africa and the Middle East . The former strongman 's political party has since been dissolved by a court order . Parliamentary elections have been scheduled for July . At least 300 people were killed and 700 injured during the Tunisian uprising , a top U.N. human rights expert said last month . CNN 's Gena Somra contributed to this report	Former Tunisian leader Zine el Abidine Ben Ali says he is being unfairly discredited Ben Ali , who was deposed earlier this year , denies a variety of charges against him Tunisia 's revolt triggered a wave of protests across North Africa and the Middle East
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Tickets for Michael Jackson 's 50 "  final curtain call " concerts in London sold out in little over four hours Friday . Michael Jackson has sold out 50 concerts at London 's O2 Arena . The tickets went on sale at 7 a.m. , with fans queuing since Wednesday . They were limited to four tickets per household at a cost of up to $ 105 for general admission . VIP tickets cost up to $ 1,100 . Around 750,000 were sold . Tickets have already appeared online for resale , with one person seeking $ 35,000 for VIP tickets to the opening show on July 8 . Jackson originally announced he would do 10 shows at London 's 20,000-capacity 02 Arena , but huge demand has seen a further 40 dates added . The king of pop 's run is now scheduled to finish next February . Watch Jackson fan nab first ticket " O2 owners , AEG Live , said due to the "  incredible level of interest " -- pre-sale tickets to 10 concerts offered on Thursday sold out within minutes -- Jackson had agreed to add the extra dates . Watch Michael Jackson 's announcement " Chris Edmonds , Ticketmaster 's managing director , said they "  had witnessed an unprecedented level of demand " for the concerts . http://www.michaeljacksonlive.com/ Ayesha Obi was the first in line at the O2 to get a ticket and was in tears . "  I was hoping to just get the opening night . Any good seats would 've been fantastic . But front row ? I 'm over the moon . I 'm very happy . Very proud . Really pleased . " She had been at the venue since Wednesday night but said it was worth it . "  I 've always wanted to see him perform live . I 'm happy he 's given us that opportunity now . "  He 's a legend despite all the controversy in his past . " Gennaro Castaldo , spokesman for UK music retailer HMV , said Jackson was already reaping the benefits of hosting the concerts . "  Sales of Michael 's albums are starting to show a discernible increase , albeit from a relatively low sales base at this early stage . However , if demand is picking up now , imagine what it will be like in July , when Michael actually kicks off his live performances . " Castaldo said sales of his "  King Of Pop " album released in August had increased four-fold , while sales of "  Thriller " had nearly doubled . Jackson , a child star with the Jackson Five who went on to enjoy stellar solo success with classic albums such as "  Thriller " and "  Bad , " has rarely been seen in public since he was acquitted on child molestation charges in the U.S. in 2005 . Timeline gallery of the highs and lows of Jackson 's life " Rumors of financial difficulties and health problems -- in 2008 he was photographed being pushed in a wheelchair -- have swirled around the famously eccentric star in recent years . Last year he sold his iconic Neverland ranch and he has spent much of his time since his acquittal living in Bahrain . The auction house , Julien 's , is selling Jackson 's Neverland property including the gates , the singer 's famed white-jeweled glove and a stretched Rolls Royce . Watch what Jackson memorabilia is being sold " Jackson has n't recorded a studio album since "  Invincible " -- his 10th solo record -- in 2001 . His last major series of concerts was a world tour to promote the "  HIStory " album in 1996 and 1997 . "  Thriller , " released in 1982 and containing classic Jackson hits such as "  Beat It , " "  Billie Jean " and the title track , is the best-selling album of all time . Jackson is estimated to have sold more than 750 million albums in total .	Fans have queued through the night for tickets to Michael Jackson 's concerts 750,000 tickets to concerts at London 's O2 Arena sell out in four hours King of pop calling the performances a "  final curtain call " Tickets already being offered for resale at a price of up $ 35,000
CNN  -- Facebook 's computer systems will soon be able to recognize familiar faces . Facebook is making changes to the process for tagging friends in photos uploaded to the social network , the company announced on Tuesday . Starting in a few weeks , the system will scan all images posted to Facebook and suggest the names of people who appear in the frame . Last year , Facebook began rolling the facial-recognition feature out to a test group . Facebook 's more than 500 million users have been automatically included in the database , but the company is allowing each person to choose whether to be identified by toggling a pane in the account 's privacy settings . The option is called "  suggest photos of me to friends " within the "  customize settings " page . The tool would still scan that person 's face and figure out who it is , but it wo n't display that information . People can still manually tag friends . The news sparked a small brushfire of media hostility . Bloggers characterized the tool -- and Facebook 's decision not to ask before including everyone -- as unsettling while others urged readers to opt out . Facebook said on Wednesday it had made mistakes with the release . "  We should have been more clear with people during the roll-out process when this became available to them , " a spokeswoman said . "  Tag Suggestions are now available in most countries , and we 'll post further updates to our blog over time . " Google recently decided not to release an application that would let someone snap a picture of a person 's face using a smartphone in order to find out who the subject is , Eric Schmidt , the search giant 's executive chairman and former CEO , said at a conference last week . Schmidt believed it to be the first time Google engineers had completed a project and decided to shutter it for privacy reasons , he said . The work on Google 's facial-recognition technology has not gone to waste . It 's used to preserve privacy by blurring faces in Google 's Street View mapping project , Hartmut Neven , the engineering director for image recognition , said in a recent interview . When asked whether he would be frustrated if Facebook beat his team to releasing a face-recognition product , Neven said : "  Let them get burned first . There would be some backlash . " Photo-management software such as Google 's Picasa and Apple 's iPhoto provide a similar feature . They pore over a person 's snapshots in an attempt to group each person together by facial features . Google has not enabled this feature on the online version of its photo software , called Picasa Web Albums . Limited to a small sampling of the few hundred photos on a person 's computer , these systems are n't very accurate . With the largest photo-sharing service in Facebook scanning millions of pictures daily , these algorithms are no doubt learning quickly . More than 100 million photos per day are uploaded to Facebook , according to a company statement . The face-scanning feature actually runs counter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's comments to reporters in November . "  Before people-tagging came out , I think most people would have said that the best way to figure out who 's in photos was to have some face-recognition algorithm , " he said . "  But it actually turns out that the best way is to just have people tagged . " Some experts agree with Zuckerberg 's apparently outdated statements . "  Face technology will never work in gigantic-large databases , " said Ipplex CEO Orang Dialameh , who has worked with Neven in the past . However , "  if you limit the database -- say , I 'm trying to recognize someone in the 400 contacts that I have on Facebook , " then face scanning could be effective , he said . Facebook users who have installed an app called Photo Finder can already have faces in their photos scanned and identified . The 3-year-old app has looked at more than 23 billion images , said Gil Hirsch , the CEO of Face.com , which develops the service . With Facebook poised to offer essentially the same functionality , Face.com will instead focus on partnerships with developers , Hirsch wrote in an e-mailed statement Tuesday night . "  As long as their products provide value to consumers while protecting their privacy , we will always be supportive of companies using this technology , " he said .	NEW : Facebook apologizes , says tag suggestions are available now "  in most countries " Facebook will start scanning and identifying all pictures uploaded in the next few weeks Users can now opt out by clicking a few buttons on their privacy settings pages It 's unclear how well Facebook 's facial-recognition software works
Acrobats , dancers and singers -- under normal circumstances , a festival featuring such tried and true attractions might not send you rushing to the Internet to book travel . But when more than 120,000 gymnasts gather in one of the world 's most secretive nations to perform a highly synchronized , 90-minute spectacle of song , dance and Cold War-style propaganda , it 's something worth looking into . Massive state-sponsored entertainment is a big part of the lure of North Korea 's annual Arirang Festival , or "  mass games , " and it 's drawing foreign visitors in increasing numbers . The Arirang Festival began Monday at Pyongyang 's May Day Stadium and will run until September 9 . The festival features four mass performances each week . Its profile perhaps boosted by recent visits from Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt and professional bizarre human being Dennis Rodman , North Korea is gaining popularity as a travel destination ; a record number of foreigners is expected to attend this year 's festival . "  More people visiting is creating a snowball effect , " says Troy Collings of Young Pioneer Tours , one of a handful of travel companies that organize visits to North Korea . "  Most people think they ca n't go . As more people do go , the more word gets around , so people suddenly start seriously considering a visit to North Korea . "  It 's hard even to approximate the increase in tourists until it 's all over , but our numbers are up by about 30 % at this point . " According to Uri Tours , which specializes in North Korea travel , close to 1,000 Western tourists traveled to the country to attend the Arirang Festival last year . Koryo Tours , another of the few North Korea tour operators , estimates 1,200 to 1,500 international visitors will attend this year 's event . "  More travelers are discovering that the people and culture of -LSB- North Korea -RSB- go beyond what is seen in the everyday media , " says John Dantzler-Wolfe of Uri Tours . "  Through word of mouth , -LSB- travelers -RSB- are getting comfortable with the idea of going and experiencing this unique country firsthand . " What is the Arirang Festival ? Arirang revolves around three primary events -- gymnastics , music and what the festival itself calls "  backdrop . " Backdrop ? Sounds weird , but it 's one of the most intriguing and spectacular aspects of the festival . "  Backdrop " is supplied by tens of thousands of people in May Day Stadium working together in precision fashion . Backdrop participants are given large booklets with pages printed in different blocks of color . Held aloft in various combinations , the pages create gigantic images . When pages are flipped in concert , new images are created , making the entire stadium a sort-of human mosaic . The 90-minute , 120,000-strong extravaganza will be repeated at performances throughout the festival . An annual theme , the history of North Korea is expected to be particularly robust this year , which marks the 60th anniversary of the armistice that ended military hostility in the Korean War and the 65th anniversary of the founding of the country .	Arirang Festival began Monday at Pyongyang 's May Day Stadium ; runs until September 9 Record number of foreigners expected to attend 90-minute spectacle featuring 120,000 gymnasts will be repeated throughout festival
CNN  -- This was a not a normal reserve team fixture for English second-tier club Doncaster Rovers . For a start , a bevvy of teenage girls started arriving ahead of their development squad 's clash with Rotherham around midday . And when the teams finally took to the field , a crowd of around 5,000 fans had amassed for a fixture that would usually attract only a handful of diehard supporters . But then , it is n't every day that Louis Tomlinson -- one fifth of the most popular boy band on the planet -- is the star attraction . A mixture of applause and high-pitched screaming greeted the One Direction singer , who signed a deal with his home-town club last August , when he was introduced as a substitute . Try as he might , the 22-year-old could n't break the deadlock as the match petered out into a goalless draw . "  Just pulling on the shirt is just a boyhood dream , " he told the club 's official website after getting 25 minutes of action in the match that helped support a local charity . "  It 's absolutely amazing , those boys get to do that every week and it really is such an honor to be involved in a club , where I spent most of my childhood going down to the games . " One Direction were formed through British talent show X-Factor in 2010 and have broken record after record since -- their success stateside even being compared to that of the Beatles . Tomlinson stars alongside Zayn Malik , Harry Styles , Niall Horan and Liam Payne in the band , who are managed by music mogul Simon Cowell . They are the only UK band to have had their first two albums reach No. 1 in the U.S and have a combined 98 million followers on Twitter . Tomlinson 's hectic schedule with the band had prevented him making his debut before now , and he spent a month training with the club before Wednesday 's bow . One previous high-profile appearance in an all-star charity match ended prematurely when he was tackled strongly by Gabriel Agbonlahor -- leading to a wave of abuse on social media for the Aston Villa star . "  I had to get fit first , because a few people saw what happened last time when Agbonlahor nobbled me and that was a bit of a mare and I had to try and avoid that , " Tomlinson added . "  I did alright in the end I think . I think its really important that when we are lucky enough to be in the position that we are in , to use that for the greater good . "  It is really important to spread the word about  children 's hospice  Bluebell Wood because they are such a great , great charity . " So could Tomlinson be persuaded to put his pop career on hold in a bid to try and make it full time with Doncaster ? When asked if it was easier being a pop star than a footballer he replied : "  Physically it is much easier is being on stage and singing because those boys are proper athletes -- football is harder . "  To get an insight into the football world has been fascinating and to be invited into that is such an honor . "  I have really enjoyed it and I ca n't thank the people enough at Doncaster Rovers for having me . "	One Direction star Louis Tomlinson makes football debut for Doncaster Rovers Pop star plays for second-tier English club in a reserve fixture against Rotherham A crowd of 5,000 fans turned up to watch , mostly teenage girls 22-year-old Tomlinson played 25 minutes and called it a "  boyhood dream "
CNN  -- On Sunday , Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII were canonized as saints of the Roman Catholic Church . This event clearly has intense significance for Catholics , but what about everyone else ? Why should non-Catholics even care ? Both men are widely popular among the laity , and the ceremony drew an enormous crowd . Both men also have critics . Some conservative Catholics still work to roll back the reforms of the Second Vatican Council called forth by John XXIII . Many Catholics strongly critique John Paul II 's centralizing tendencies and catastrophic response to all the sex abuse scandals . For Catholics , however , saints do n't have to be perfect . In fact , Catholics are inspired by the ability of saints to do good despite their human flaws . The process of canonization concentrates devotion on the best features of a historical person . In 1903 , long before John XXIII was elected Pope , he wrote about each saint being "  holy in a different way . " These differences enhance , rather than detract , the importance of saints . So what might non-Catholics take away from this ? First , both saints offer a model of risk-taking based on a strong sense of moral purpose . Second , one could learn a lot about what 's going on with the billion or so Catholics in the world today . The dual canonizations , it turns out , symbolize an attempt to turn the church away from decades of infighting and turf wars and toward a mission for the common good . David O'Hara , associate professor of philosophy of religion at Augustana College , said , "  It should matter to us when our neighbors announce that they have designated new moral exemplars . " If our neighbors tell us a new story about their ideals , heroes and models for their own lives , then "  we have an interest in watching and even in helping our neighbors to tell that story in a way that is beneficial . " Beneficial -- but how ? Claire Noonan , vice president for Mission and Ministry at Dominican University in Illinois , suggested that we all might be inspired by their risk-taking . Both men , she said , "  moved through the world discerning where , when and how to act without fear . The possibilities of their lives were not constricted by desires for wealth , power or honor . That freedom makes way for the pursuit of truth , justice and love . " Noonan cites John Paul II 's work against communist oppression in Poland and John XXIII 's efforts to "  free the entire church from the fear of modernism . " Nonbelievers can , if they choose , admire these examples of courage and action without believing that the two men have a special status in heaven or endorsing everything that they did . In that framework , the process of canonization crystallizes the memory of the two popes around their best deeds . The canonizations , though , do more than provide strong examples of moral courage . They reveal something very important about the aspirations of Pope Francis for the role of the Catholic Church in the world . According to Catholic belief , popes do not make people into saints ; God does . Canonization , an all-too human practice , is the process of recognizing divinely given sanctity . As John Allen Jr. has written , ideally this is a deeply democratic process , with devotion to a holy person flowing upward from the laity to the hierarchy . Canonization provides an opportunity to shape memory . People become recognized as saints , in part , through storytelling , a topic I study as an historian of the Middle Ages . When we choose what stories to tell about a person , we reveal a lot about ourselves , our hopes and fears , the ways in which we might try to do better personally , and the kinds of changes we 'd like to see in the world . That 's been true since the early centuries of Christianity , a period in which sainthood was generally bestowed by local and regional communities without any broader oversight from church authorities . If a group of people believed that someone was a saint , and they set up shrines , venerated relics , developed rituals and told stories about miracles -- then that person was a saint . During the Middle Ages , the papacy asserted ever-increasing control over the process of who got to tell the stories of saints . While the vox populi still matters , next Sunday is Pope Francis ' show . The symbolism of the twin canonizations is so powerful , in fact , that the editorial board of the New Catholic Reporter reacted to the announcement last July by declaring that truly "  the pontificate of Francis has begun . " Robert Ellsberg , author of several popular books about saints , suggested that by linking the canonizations , Francis is trying to start a new narrative . Ellsberg said , "  The internal Catholic cultural wars and polarization have increasingly embittered a lot of the internal life of the church . Overcoming some of those divisions and synthesizing some of the best and noblest features of these two popes by joining them , is a hopeful sign for anyone who is concerned about the future of humanity . " If the canonizations of Popes John XXIII and John Paul II can inspire more of us , as individuals , to find a moral purpose and take risks , our lives will be better for it . If the canonizations can help lead the Catholic Church away from bitter division and toward taking powerful moral positions on the world stage , especially following Francis ' focus on poverty and inequality , we 'll all be better for it .	Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII were canonized as saints David Perry : This is significant for Catholics , but non-Catholics should care too He says both men offer a model of risk-taking based on a strong sense of moral purpose Perry : Canonization is an attempt to turn the church away from decades of infighting
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese officials have formally honored a bus driver for saving the lives of 24 people when he managed to stop the bus after being struck by a piece of flying sheet metal that came crashing through his windshield . Wu Bin , the 48-year-old bus driver , collapsed shortly after pulling over . He died on Friday , three days after the accident in Zhejiang province , eastern China . On Tuesday , the Zhejiang provincial government awarded Wu the title of "  Provincial Labor Model " , according to a statement from the government office . Local officials said all citizens should learn from Wu 's selfless act . Similarly , the All-China Federation of Trade Unions awarded Wu the "  May 1st Labor Medal , " one of the highest honors for Chinese workers . But officials are n't the only ones praising Wu for his actions . Between 2,000 and 3,000 people attended his funeral Tuesday morning , a staff member at the Hangzhou Funeral Home told CNN . People began showing up at 5 a.m. for the 8 a.m. funeral , the staff member said . A procession held Monday through the streets of Hangzhou in Zhejiang province where Hu worked also drew thousands of mourners , including dozens of transportation workers , according to the state-run Shanghai Daily . Police told the Shanghai Daily that they have narrowed the search to nine vehicles that might be the source of the errant piece of metal and they plan to prosecute whoever is responsible .	Chinese government honors bus driver who pulled over despite being fatally injured Driver was credited with saving the lives of 24 passengers in Zhejiang , eastern China Wu Bin died three days after being hit by a shard of metal while driving his bus Thousands attended his funeral Tuesday , according to a funeral home staff member
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least 10 people died in three separate attacks in Afghanistan on Tuesday , including an service member for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , according to Afghan government and ISAF officials . Two Americans were among those wounded in an attack , an Afghan official said . A roadside bomb killed nine Afghan civilians and wounded five more in the Paghman district , west of Kabul , according to a statement from Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's office . Karzai condemned the "  terrorists " for the killings "  during the holy month of Ramadan . " In a separate incident in eastern Afghanistan , an ISAF service member died from "  direct fire " during an insurgent attack , ISAF said . In a third attack , a suicide bomber in a truck detonated near an ISAF military base , wounding at least 13 people in Logar province , just south of Kabul , provincial spokesman Mohammad Faqeer Darwish said . He said that two of the injured were Americans . ISAF spokesman Lt. Col. Hagen Messer confirmed that ISAF service members were injured in the explosion in the province 's capital of Pul-e-Alam , but did not identify their nationalities nor say how many had been hurt . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the truck bomb attack in an e-mail to journalists .	An ISAF service member is killed by "  direct fire " A roadside bomb kills nine civilians A suicide truck bomb outside an ISAF military base wounds 13 people
CNN  -- The Vietnam War began in the decade before , but the conflict , and especially U.S. involvement , escalated in the 1960s . For the first time , Americans witnessed the horrors of war , played out on television screens in their living rooms . This week 's episode of "  The Sixties " explores the war and its impact on American culture , then and now . Here are five facts from the episode that may surprise those too young to remember the Vietnam War : 1 . U.S. involvement in Vietnam began with Eisenhower . In the late 1950s , during the Eisenhower administration , Vietnam had split into North Vietnam , which was communist , and South Vietnam . Cold War anxieties dictated that if the North Vietnamese communists prevailed , the rest of Southeast Asia would fall like dominoes . When he took office in 1961 , President John F. Kennedy vowed not to allow South Vietnam fall to communism . 2 . The United States and South Vietnam had Catholic presidents who were shot to death in November 1963 . By the early 1960s , South Vietnam 's conventionally trained army was no match for the Vietcong 's guerrilla-style tactics . In addition , South Vietnam 's Buddhist majority revolted against their president , Ngo Dinh Diem . They saw the Catholic ruler as a tyrant . The Western-educated Diem , however , wielded absolute power and rose to dictator level by the summer of 1963 . The CIA discussed toppling the regime . With U.S. knowledge , Diem was killed by South Vietnamese generals on November 2 , 1963 . Kennedy immediately regretted Diem 's death and U.S. support for the coup . Less than three weeks later , on November 22 , Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas . Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson took the oath of office aboard Air Force One later that day . Soon after , Johnson told a grieving nation , "  John Kennedy 's death commands what his life conveyed , that America must move forward . " 3 . TV forever changed the way Americans viewed war As casualties rose , the country increasingly turned against the war . The official line was that Americans were winning in Vietnam , but the evening news told a different story . "  What Vietnam did to America via television was introduce us to a new kind of America , " said author Lawrence Wright . "  One that was not pure , one that committed the same kinds of atrocities that are always committed in war , but we had never allowed ourselves to see them . " Reporter Morley Safer recalled the shock of witnessing Marines burn down 150 houses on the outskirts of the village of Cam Ne . An officer told the newsman that he had been ordered to level the area . Three women were wounded in the attack , one baby was killed , and four people were taken prisoner . Safer asked a soldier if he had regrets about leaving people homeless , and the soldier replied , "  You ca n't expect to do your job and feel pity for these people . " Another soldier told Safer , "  I think it 's sad in a way , but I do n't think there 's any other way you can get around it in this kind of a war . " Americans back home were stunned when the CBS report about the Cam Ne village hit the news . After the broadcast , Johnson reportedly called then-CBS president , Frank Stanton , and said , "  Frank , this is your President , your boys just s -- t on the flag of the United States . " 4 . Some Americans resorted to self-mutilation to avoid the draft . When the choices were Vietnam , jail or draft-dodging by going to Canada , some young men panicked and devised ways to fail the military 's physical exam , including mutilating themselves , starving or pretending to be gay . The compulsory draft , which had been initiated during World War II , meant registration for young men was mandatory at 18 . Working-class men were more likely to get drafted over those in the middle class because college students could get deferments . In January 1965 , 5,400 young men were called for the draft . By December of that year , more than 45,000 young men were called . When the monthly draft call rose from 17,000 to 35,000 per month , young people across the nation began engaging in civil disobedience . On November 27 , 1965 , the March on Washington for Peace in Vietnam took place , attracting tens of thousands of protesters . 5 . U.S. troops endured 120-degree temperatures while sitting in swamps . Facing temperatures sometimes of up to 120 degrees F in the wet jungle terrain , soldiers regularly became afflicted with infections such as ringworm . Author and Vietnam veteran Karl Marlantes recalled the difficulty of dealing with losing his friends on the battlefield . "  You 'd throw them on a chopper and that 'd be the last you 'd see of them , " he said , "  and so you were constantly shoving it down because if you did n't you could n't function . " Bonus : LBJ feared being remembered for his handling of Vietnam Johnson , who made great strides with civil rights legislation at home , did not want to be remembered as the American president who lost Southeast Asia . In a taped 1965 conversation , Sen. Richard Russell told Johnson that he "  could n't have inherited a worse mess . " "  Well , if they say I inherited it , I 'd be lucky , " Johnson said , "  but they 'll all say I created it . Dick , the trouble is , the great trouble I 'm under , a man can fight if he can see daylight down the road somewhere , but there ai n't no daylight in Vietnam . There 's not a bit . " Luci Baines Johnson on her father 's legacy When CBS anchor Walter Cronkite , who was called the most trusted man in America , traveled to Vietnam in 1968 and announced it was time for America to pull out , Johnson reportedly old an aide , "  If I 've lost Cronkite , I 've lost middle America . " Journalist Marvin Kalb noted that Johnson "  realized he was no longer in charge of the war . The war was in charge of him . " In 1968 , Johnson announced that he would not be running for re-election .	This week 's episode of "  The Sixties " explores the Vietnam War U.S. involvement escalated in the '60s LBJ : "  A man can fight if he can see daylight ... but there ai n't no daylight in Vietnam "
CNN  -- Mitt Romney won the Republican caucuses in Washington state , according to unofficial results early Sunday , giving the former Massachusetts governor a shot in the arm heading into Super Tuesday contests . With 99 % of the vote in , Romney had 38 % . Texas Rep. Ron Paul had 25 % and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum had 24 % . They were trailed by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich at 10 % . At stake in the contest are 40 delegates . "  We 're in a good second place , but the good news is we 're doing very , very well in getting delegates , " Paul told supporters in Seattle , when about half of the vote had been counted . "  The enthusiasm for the cause of liberty continues to grow exponentially . " Washington 's caucuses come just three days before Super Tuesday , when 10 states hold primaries and caucuses . And because of that , all four major GOP presidential candidates campaigned in the state , hoping a strong finish would carry over to Tuesday . State GOP chairman Kirby Wilbur predicted a large turnout and estimated between 500 and 1,500 did not vote in Kennewick city because of overcrowding . "  The leadership might have been unprepared for the turnout , but I do n't know what else they can do when you rent the largest facility in the county , " he said . Even as caucuses began Saturday in Washington , the focus was shifting to Super Tuesday states . Romney campaigned in Cincinnati , where he took aim at President Barack Obama . "  He 's out of ideas . He 's out of excuses . And in 2012 , we 're going to make sure he 's out of a job , " he told a cheering crowd . Romney got a boost earlier this week from wins in Arizona , Wyoming and Michigan . His win in Washington would be his eighth this election cycle . Santorum similarly campaigned in the Ohio town of Blue Ash . "  This was the industrial heartland of the country , " he said . "  They now refer to it as the Rust Belt . After ... I take the corporate tax for manufacturers , eliminate it , cut it to zero -- we 're going to be the stainless-steel belt across this country . " But in the days before the caucuses , the attention was on Washington state , as all four candidates made the long trip to the Pacific Northwest . "  This is the first time any one GOP presidential candidate has paid attention to us in recent memory , and my memory goes back to the 1970s , " Wilbur said . "  We used to be the ugly sister invited to the dance , but no one asked to dance . Now we are the princess . " Wilbur said that the state 's contest used to follow Super Tuesday , when in most cycles the battle for the nomination was basically over . Santorum , campaigning Thursday in Pasco , told supporters , "  You are the voice that is going to speak very loudly before Super Tuesday and put this race on a whole other plane . " Romney , who campaigned in Washington on Friday , sounded a similar theme . "  There are a bunch of states that are going to make up their minds on Tuesday , but you guys are first , and so your voice is going to be heard , " Romney said at a campaign event in Bellevue . Paul campaigned in Washington two weeks ago and was back in the state Friday and Saturday . He was also running campaign commercials in Washington , as was Gingrich , who made a swing through the state last week . The caucuses are open , meaning independent voters and Democrats can take part in the GOP contest . While some smaller caucus meetings were held in private homes , most gatherings were larger and held in public places , such as schools , and included multiple precincts . Besides voting for delegates , caucus-goers voted in a nonbinding GOP presidential preference straw poll . While delegates to the GOP convention in Tampa , Florida , wo n't be determined until later rounds of voting this spring , major news organizations , including CNN , will make proportional delegate estimates based on Saturday 's presidential straw poll results . The state GOP projected that 40,000 to 60,000 people would take part in the caucuses , up from the 12,616 who participated in the 2008 Republican caucuses . There was also a primary on the Republican side four years ago , with around a half million voters casting ballots .	NEW : State GOP chairman says between 500 and 1,500 did not vote in Kennewick city The win will give Romney momentum going into Super Tuesday All the remaining GOP candidates campaigned in Washington recently 40 delegates are at stake
Roger Rodas ' widow is suing Porsche for the fatal accident that claimed the lives of her race car driver husband and actor Paul Walker . Kristine Rodas filed the suit this week against Porsche Cars North America , citing negligence as the cause of death of her husband and the 40-year-old "  Fast and the Furious " star on November 30 in Santa Clarita , California . Backed by celebrity attorney Mark Geragos , she is also suing for product liability and wrongful death . Roger Rodas , 38 at the time of his death , spent his competitive racing career driving Porsche cars . According to the court documents , he and Walker first met on the race track when Rodas was driving a Porsche owned by the actor . A few years later the two men formed the racing team Always Evolving Racing , where they were both drivers . "  Although Mr. Rodas had a passion for cars , Mr. Rodas was first and foremost dedicated to his family , his wife , Kristine , and their two young children , " the complaint states . The court documents filed by Kristine Rodas describe the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT that her husband was driving as a an "  ultra-high-performance-super-sports car for the road , " that goes from zero to 60 mph in 3.5 seconds and has a top speed of 205 miles per hour . The complaint argues that such a high-powered sports car should have a higher standard of crash protection , and that a mechanical malfunction forced Rodas to veer off the road . Geragos also hired investigators to evaluate wreckage at the scene , who determined that Rodas was driving 55 mph before the vehicle went out of control . This contradicts the Los Angeles County coroner 's report that car was speeding at more than 100 mph , and the investigations by the Los Angeles County Sherriff 's Office and California Highway Patrol that focused on speed . Porsche pointed to the discrepancy . "  As you know , the crash was subject of a very detailed investigation by the authorities , both the California Highway Patrol and the L.A. County Sheriff 's Office , " said Bernd Harling , Head of Public Relations for Porsche Cars North America . "  The reports showed that driving at a high speed in a negligent manner caused the crash . Both concluded that there was no mechanical defect of the vehicle involved . " "  Their investigation disproves in the allegations in the lawsuit . " Harling added that since the crash is now the subject of litigation , Porsche will not comment on it further . He expressed his sincere condolences for the Rodas and Walker families ' losses . Walker 's former publicist Ame Van Iden does not have information about whether the Walker family is also considering legal action against Porsche . Walker is survived by his parents , Cheryl Walker and Paul Walker Sr. , four siblings and 15-year-old daughter , Meadow .	Porsche is being sued over the fatal crash that killed Paul Walker and race car driver Roger Rodas Rodas ' widow filed the suit , citing negligence , product liability and wrongful death Porsche denies any wrongdoing
Gallman , Mississippi  CNN  -- A second man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of a Mississippi family found shot in the woods , a sheriff said Thursday . Cedric Mason is in the Copiah County , Mississippi , jail , accused in the killings of Atira Hughes-Smith , her 7-year-old son , Jaidon Hill , and her husband , Laterry Smith , Sheriff Harold Jones said . At the time of his arrest , Mason was on parole stemming from a marijuana possession conviction , according to the state parole board . The Jackson resident is eligible for "  flat time " -- at which he 'd have served 50 % of his sentence -- in October 2017 . Efforts by CNN on Thursday to reach Mason 's family were unsuccessful . Jones said that he expects the 30-year-old Mason will be charged with murder . That had not been as of midday Thursday . He would join Timothy Burns , 42 , who is charged with two counts of murder , for the deaths of Hughes-Smith and her son . There 's some question as to whether Smith was killed in a different county , and that 's why Burns does n't now face three murder charges , explained the Copiah County sheriff . Wearing a bulletproof vest , Burns appeared Wednesday in Copiah County Justice Court . He said he had no lawyer , so one will be appointed to him . No bond was set . Jones has said that it 's not known if Burns had anything against the three victims , nor if he even knew them . "  We do n't think there is  a relationship  , " Jones said . "  But we have n't tied that loose end up yet . " The family was last seen Friday in a car that was later found flipped and on fire . The Copiah County sheriff said authorities now believe that Burns was driving that car when he got in an accident , and then set it ablaze . After finding the vehicle , investigators found bloody clothes belonging to the victims next to a gas station trash bin . Then their bodies were discovered in a wooded area , all had been shot to death , Jones said . In July : Mysterious Mississippi murder stokes suspicions bred by an ugly past CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Leah Smith reported from Gallman , Mississippi , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Dana Ford and Meridith Edwards contributed to this report .	Cedrick Mason is arrested , will likely be charged with murder , sheriff says He 'd join Timothy Burns , now charged in the deaths of a woman , her 7-year-old son Hughes-Smith 's husband was also killed ; it 's not known in which county
