CNN  -- Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II , a San Francisco man accused of having explosive materials at his home , is in custody , an FBI source said Monday . Chamberlain was arrested in Crissy Field , a scenic waterfront area where the Golden Gate Bridge spans the Pacific entrance to San Francisco Bay , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Police have cordoned off the area to search Chamberlain 's white Nissan Altima , the official said . Authorities had been looking for him since the weekend . Chamberlain , 42 , was last seen Saturday south of San Francisco , the FBI said . "  We do n't know the intent or motive yet , " FBI agent Peter Lee told reporters over the weekend , stressing there was no threat to public safety . The FBI said then that Chamberlain should be considered armed and dangerous . Chamberlain 's block was closed for some 15 hours over the weekend as investigators searched and cleared the area , CNN affiliate KTVU reported .	NEW : Chamberlain was arrested in Crissy Field , a law enforcement official says Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II , 42 , is accused of having explosive materials at his home He was last seen Saturday south of San Francisco , according to the FBI
CNN  -- The Australian Open is known as the "  Happy Slam . " The players are usually re-energized after the off-season and gush over the way the tournament is organized . But for the fourth day in a row in Melbourne , a multiple grand slam winner left the tournament without a smile on their face . Following Serena Williams , Maria Sharapova and Novak Djokovic , two-time women 's defending champion Victoria Azarenka became the latest big name bundled out when the Belorussian fell to Agnieszka Radwanska on Wednesday . Yes , the upsets keep coming . Radwanska not only defeated Azarenka in the quarterfinals to snap a seven-match losing streak against the world No. 2 but she did n't drop a game in the third set of the 6-1 5-7 6-0 victory . When Azarenka misfired to seal her fate on match point , the crowd at Rod Laver Arena roared its approval . With Djokovic departing Tuesday at the hands of Stanislas Wawrinka , it marked the first time in the Open Era both the men 's and women 's defending champions in Australia were eliminated at the quarterfinal stage . "  I think about today 's match , what I did , what I could do better , " Azarenka told reporters . "  But other players , different vibe , whatever , I do n't really care about that . " Radwanska meets Dominika Cibulkova in the semifinals Thursday after the diminutive Slovak -- who sent Sharapova packing -- cruised past maiden grand slam quarterfinalist Simona Halep 6-3 6-0 . "  This is for sure one of the greatest matches at the slam , especially here , " Radwanska told reporters . "  Azarenka  is playing great tennis here . "  Especially the third set was unbelievable . I really can not complain about anything . " Li Na , the only grand slam champion in the women 's semifinals and twice the Australian Open runner-up , battles Canadian upstart Eugenie Bouchard in the other semifinal . Blog : Five future tennis stars to watch	Defending champion Victoria Azarenka beaten by Agnieszka Radwanska at the Australian Open World No. 2 Azarenka has taken the title at Melbourne Park in each of the past two years Fifth seed Radwanska will play Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova in the semifinals Cibulkova beat Romania 's Simona Halep to reach the last four
The first official portrait of Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , has been unveiled at London 's National Portrait Gallery -- but has met with a mixed reaction from art critics and the public . Award-winning artist Paul Emsley , who spent three-and-a-half months painting the Duchess 's likeness , said he had tried to portray her warmth and personality in the picture . "  The Duchess explained that she would like to be portrayed naturally -- her natural self -- as opposed to her official self , " he said in a video posted on the gallery 's website . Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announce royal due date "  She struck me as enormously open and generous and a very warm person , so after initially feeling it was going to be an unsmiling portrait I think it was the right choice in the end to have her smiling - that is really who she is . " Both Catherine , who is expecting her first baby , and her husband Prince William , are said to be pleased with the finished painting , with the Duchess reportedly telling Emsley at a private viewing on Friday that it is "  amazing ... brilliant . " Duchess attends first event since pregnancy However , reaction from art critics and the public has been more mixed , with many taking to social media , including Twitter , to share their thoughts , claiming the picture is unflattering and ages the Duchess beyond her years . Writing in the UK 's Guardian newspaper , Charlotte Higgins claimed the painting transformed "  a pretty young woman ... into something unpleasant from the ` Twilight ' franchise . " In the Independent , art critic Michael Glover wrote that the portrait was "  catastrophic , " combining "  hamsterish " cheeks and "  hair whose featheriness has been borrowed from an advert for shampoo . " Emsley , who was born in Glasgow but grew up in South Africa before returning to Britain in 1996 , won the prestigious BP Portrait Award in 2007 . He has previously painted portraits of Nelson Mandela and author VS Naipaul . Royal waxworks of William and Catherine revealed He created the work from a series of photographs taken during two sittings , at Kensington Palace in London and at his studio in South West England , in May and June last year . "  I 'm always worried about the sitter -- are they cold , are they hot , are they comfortable -- and photography today is so accurate and so good that it is really so much easier just to take photographs and work from that , " he said . Catherine 's portrait joins centuries-worth of official paintings and photographs of the British royal family in the NPG 's collection . The duchess is a patron of the gallery . NPG director Sandy Nairne said revealing the portrait , which he described as "  a captivating contemporary image , " was "  an exciting moment . " In a statement , Stephen Deuchar , director of the Art Fund , said : "  The unveiling of a first official portrait of a royal sitter is always an important and intriguing moment , defining and enshrining their public image in a new way . " Photos : The Duchess of Cambridge 's best looks	Duchess of Cambridge 's first official portrait , by artist Paul Emsley , unveiled in London Catherine , who is expecting her first baby , posed for the picture last year She is a patron of the National Portrait Gallery , where the painting will be shown Reaction to the portrait has been mixed ; many on Twitter claim it is unflattering
Chuck Yeager retraced history on Sunday , 65 years to the minute , as the first test pilot to break the sound barrier , taking to the skies once again to fly faster than the speed of sound . The 89-year-old Yeager broke the sound barrier in a U.S. Air Force F-15 at 10:24 a.m. over the Mojave Desert , the same location where he first flew past Mach 1 on October 14 , 1947 , the military said in a statement . Yeager , flying in the F-15 with an Air Force captain , told CNN late Sunday that he hit Mach 1.3 and "  laid down a pretty good sonic boom over Edwards " Air Force Base . Yeager 's reenactment of his historic flight came the same day that Austrian Felix Baumgartner became the first person to break the sound barrier as a skydiver , jumping from a balloon at the edge of space to make the 23-mile journey . Not the only one to break the sound barrier this day While Yeager 's sound-breaking flight was news in military and aircraft manufacturing circles , his popularity soared when Tom Wolfe detailed Yeager 's flight in the book "  The Right Stuff " and its subsequent film adaptation . "  I really appreciated the Air Force giving me a brand new F-15 to fly , " Yeager told CNN . Today , fighter jets can easily break the sound barrier . In fact , Yeager 's flight Sunday did it at an altitude of about 33,000 feet , according to a statement provided by the Air Force . But in 1947 , the golden age of flight , Yeager was dropped in an experimental rocket-propelled Bell X1 jet from a B-29 bomber at an altitude of 45,000 feet . "  That 's the only way we could do it , " he said . "  It took the British , French and the Soviet Union another five years to find out that trick . It gave us a quantum jump " in aviation advancement , he said . On Sunday , Yeager took off from Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas in the second seat , the one behind the pilot , though he said he was flying the F-15 when it broke the sound barrier over Edwards . "  We had to keep it below Mach 1.4 . If you want to go Mach 2 , you start breaking glasses and cracking roofs , " he said . But Yeager hardly sounded disappointed . His final aerial move , he told CNN , was a fly-by , buzzing the tower , at Nellis .	Chuck Yeager was the first test pilot to break the sound barrier In 1947 , he flew past Mach 1 after being dropped from a B-29 bomber at 45,000 feet Yeager said he "  laid down a pretty good sonic boom " over Edwards Air Force Base
CNN  -- Search crews in Indonesia have suspended efforts to locate two tourists , still missing two and half days after the tourist boat they were traveling in sank . The head of the rescue mission says the search will resume on Tuesday morning . Officials say 23 other passengers and crew were rescued , pulled from the water by local fishermen and search and rescue teams . The survivors spent more than 36 hours in the water . The two people missing are believed to be Spanish , other passengers on board said . However , officials at the Spanish foreign ministry could not confirm this . The tourists -- mostly from Europe -- were on what was supposed to be an exotic getaway : a cruise from west to east , departing from Lombok in the province of West Nusa Tenggara and ending in Labuan Bajo , in East Nusa Tenggara , with a number of stops along the way . Under normal conditions , the journey would have taken four nights to complete . Everything appeared fine when the vessel , named Versace Amara , set sail last Thursday . Three days into the trip , the boat ran into trouble . Budiawan , head of the rescue mission , who like many Indonesians goes by one name , says it 's believed the boat hit rocks off the volcanic island of Sangeang , at about 1 a.m. on Saturday morning . Water began leaking into the vessel , forcing the passengers and crew to abandon ship . The vessel was carrying 20 tourists and three local crew members and two local guides . Budiawan says authorities were first notified of the incident on Sunday morning , and immediately deployed crews to the site . The nearest town is Bima on the island of Sumbawa -- a two-hour boat ride away from where the boat sank . The passengers appear to have split into two groups . The first , consisting of 10 tourists , remained near the accident site . They were rescued on Sunday afternoon . Five were picked up by local fishermen , the others retrieved by search and rescue teams and taken to hospital in Bima . After being rescued , one of the passengers identified as Rafael , criticized the lack of equipment on the boat . "  On the boat there was no security . No radio , no GPS , no navigation equipment . There were nothing , " he told CNN affiliate Trans7 Indonesia . "  Only life jacket , but life jacket it does n't work . If you 're in the middle of the ocean with a life jacket , what happens ? Nothing . Because the most important when you have an accident in the sea is to call the rescue team and to call the radio , GPS or something . They had nothing . In the morning , the crew said ` No one is coming to rescue us . ' " Another 13 passengers and crew swam in the water using lifebuoys and life vests to stay afloat . They were retrieved by local fishermen on Sunday evening , in the waters of Sape , a town in East Nusa Tenggara province , and are currently being treated at a hospital there . Budiawan says it 's believed the two missing men who were with the second group became separated because of the strong winds and current .	Two tourists missing two days after tourist boat they were traveling in sank in Indonesia Officials say 23 other passengers and crew were pulled from the water Boat hit rocks off volcanic island of Sangeang , at about 1 a.m. on Saturday morning , it 's believed One passengers identified as Rafael criticized the lack of equipment on the boat
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Some families long separated by the Korean War saw their loved ones Saturday for the first time in years near the border between North and South Korea . South Korean Yoon Ki-Dal , right , meets the children he left behind as babies during the Korean War . Yoon Ki-Dal , 88 , of South Korea thought such a moment would never come . After leaving his son and daughters when they were babies during the Korean War , he was able to hold the hands of his North Korean children on Saturday . "  Father , we thought you were dead , " his daughter , now in her 60s , told him , her face trembling . Their family was one of 97 reunited Saturday on Mount Keumgang , a North Korean resort near the eastern part of the border , after decades of separation by war and ideology . And soon these families will be separated again . They are allowed to be together for a few days . Then the South Koreans must return home . The reunions -- the first in nearly two years -- are taking place through October 1 . Millions of families were separated by the Korean War , which ended in 1953 with a cease-fire and no formal peace treaty . No mail , telephone or e-mail exchanges exist between ordinary citizens across the Korean border . The agreement to hold the reunions came after North and South Korea held three days of talks , mediated by the International Committee of the Red Cross , last month , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported at the time . About 10,000 people applied to take part in the reunion , but fewer than 200 families were allowed to participate . In addition to the 97 families who met Saturday , another 99 families are expected to meet next week , authorities said . Watch families share hugs , tears " Participants are selected randomly , and there is no date set for a further reunion , which means the tens of thousands of others who were separated by the Korean War have no idea when they may get a chance to see their loved ones -- if ever . For the many separated family members who are elderly , a reunion may never be possible . Reunions between North and South have been taking place off and on since 2000 after an inter-Korean summit in Pyongyang , Yonhap says . The last reunion took place in October 2007 . Rapprochement talks between the two Koreas have hit a wall since conservative South Korean President Lee Myung-bak took office in early 2008 with a tougher stance toward the North than his liberal predecessor , Roh Moo-Hyun . The two Koreas have remained in conflict since the conclusion of the Korean War in 1953 . Last month , officials from both sides had the first high-level , cross-border contact in nearly two years when South Korean Unification Minister Hyun In Taek met with North Korean unity leader Kim Yang Gon . The meetings and reunions are in stark contrast to the tense public statements each side made about each other earlier this year . Tensions between the two were heightened in July when North Korea launched seven short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan , also referred to as the East Sea . The launches came after North Korea conducted a nuclear test on May 25 and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . South Korea condemned the action , calling the launches "  unwise . " Journalist Sohn Jie-Ae contributed to this report .	Families have reunion meeting at resort in North Korea , near border The South Koreans must return home in a few days Millions of Koreans were separated following Korean War cease-fire in 1953 About 10,000 people applied to participate ; fewer than 200 families approved
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi capital , long plagued by violence , was struck by a different sort of horror Thursday night when a swanky floating restaurant sank in the Tigris River . Five bodies were recovered from the murky waters , and two others were believed missing , said Mohammed Al Rubeiy , a member of the Baghdad Provincial Council . The searched continued late into the night . About 150 people were on the floating restaurant , Al Rubeiy said . They were attending a private party hosted by Caterpillar Inc. , a manufacturer of heavy machinery and equipment . Most in attendance were Iraqis ; some were from elsewhere in the Middle East . Women wailed and men vented anger that such an accident could occur . Details about the sinking remained sketchy . "  I hold you responsible in front of all these people , " yelled one man at Al Rubeiy . Al Rubeiy said the restaurant had a maximum capacity of 100 people . Restaurants here are usually crowded on Thursday nights , the start of the weekend . The floating restaurant is part of the upscale Lebanese Family Club , which opened two years ago . Bilad Qusay , who was at the party , said he knew something was wrong when patrons were asked to enter the restaurant one by one . When he stepped inside , he could see water on the floor . Suddenly , water pressure smashed the windows of the restaurant and one side went down , Qusay said , wiping tears . He jumped to safety ashore . The deaths came after another day of violence in and around Baghdad . At least seven people were killed and 23 others were wounded in a car bomb and roadside blasts in the Iraqi capital 's Shulaa neighborhood . In the Shurta al-Raba neighborhood , two roadside bomb exploded on a busy road , wounding eight people . In Mahmoudiya , about 40 kilometers  about 25 miles  south of Baghdad , five roadside bombs exploded , police officials in Baghdad told CNN . At least two people were killed and five others wounded . Iraq has endured spurts of violence over the past year amid sectarian and political unrest . Budget protests erupt in Iraq Al Qaeda affiliate claims responsibility for deadly attacks	NEW : The upscale restaurant opened two years ago Some 150 people were in the restaurant at the time of the accident Two people are missing as the Tigris River search continues
CNN  -- One of the most enduring mysteries of the 20th century has been put to rest : DNA analysis of bone fragments has proven that two of Czar Nicholas ' children believed to have escaped were killed with their royal family during the Russian Revolution . Czar Nicholas II , from left , daughters Olga , Maria , wife Alexandra , kids Anastasia , Alexei and Tatiana in 1917 . The chemically damaged and burnt remains were found in the Romanov family 's makeshift grave outside the city of Yekaterinburg , Russia , in 2007 . In 2008 , scientists used bone and tooth fragments to identify the remains as those of the two missing children of Czar Nicholas II : 13-year-old Crown Prince Alexei , the emperor 's only son and heir to the throne , and his sister Grand Duchess Maria , about 19 . Researchers wanted to confirm their findings by comparing DNA from the remains with that of living Romanov relatives . The results of the DNA analysis were published online Tuesday in the journal PloS One . The Romanov family , the last Russian monarchy , was executed in 1918 by Bolsheviks in the basement of a home in Yekaterinburg , about 900 miles  1,448 kilometers  east of Moscow . Several of their staff members and servants also were killed . Nicholas ' reign had ended when he abdicated the throne in 1917 at the time of the Russian Revolution . The remains of the family were discovered in 1991 , during the last days of the Soviet Union . In 1998 , those remains -- of Nicholas , his wife , Alexandra , and three daughters -- were interred in a cathedral in St. Petersburg that contains the crypts of other Russian royalty . At the time , many thought that Alexei and Maria might have escaped -- leading to hopes among royal supporters that one or both Romanovs were still alive . But clues left by one of the family 's assassins led investigators to the grave where the remains of Alexei and Maria were unearthed in 2007 . The drama surrounding the Romanovs has been the subject of many books , movies and documentaries . Several women have claimed that they were Anastasia , Nicholas ' youngest daughter , contending that they escaped the executions . The body of one impostor , Anna Anderson , was cremated when she died in 1984 . DNA tests showed she was not related to the Romanov family .	Researchers compared DNA of remains with that of living Romanov relatives Results of the DNA analysis were published online Tuesday in the journal PloS One The Romanovs , the last Russian monarchy , were executed in 1918 by Bolsheviks
CNN  -- As the NCAA basketball tournament kicks into gear this week , March Madness once again spreads out of arenas and into the workplace . Diehard and fair-weather fans alike will take part in office pools , games will be streamed online , and smack will be talked around water coolers . "  People love Cinderellas , " the come-from-behind stories , said Stewart Mandel , a senior writer for SI.com who covers basketball and football . "  People love bragging when they pick something right . " Read Mandel 's analysis of the brackets And , amid all this game monitoring and chatter , some say productivity and earnings may take a hit , but others say the shared experience bolsters business . The first week of the tournament -- when the most games are played during daytime hours -- could cost U.S. employers as much as $ 1.8 billion , according to Challenger , Gray & Christmas Inc. , a global outplacement company in Chicago , Illiniois , that annually predicts the tournament 's impact . This blow to employers is based on surveys showing that 45 percent of Americans enter office pools and waste on average about 20 minutes a day focusing on basketball instead of work . Challenger , Gray & Christmas says that translates to more than 58 million employees . Print your bracket  PDF "  Employers can no longer claim to be caught off guard by the annual event , " firm CEO John Challenger said in a written statement . "  Some have tried to squash these pools , most simply ignore them and others have found ways to embrace the tournament as a team-building and morale-boosting opportunity . " But this figure on time and money lost seems "  plucked out of thin air , " said Don Forsyth , a psychologist who studies group dynamics in the workplace in the Jepson School of Leadership Studies at the University of Richmond in Virginia . Who is to say how much time and money people waste each day on personal distractions , he asked . And maybe , he added , the employee who generally dreads going to work comes in energized because of the games . Forsyth , who 's been studying work dynamics for 30 years , said the shared experience of feeling the madness probably does the workplace good and leads to gains instead of losses . "  It 's a powerful social process , " he said . "  It builds relationships and rituals within the group . Everyone is included , " from the corner offices to the mailroom . "  People on the fringe get drawn in . It builds cohesion , " he continued . "  You 'd pay an expert to come in to do that for your company . March Madness does it for free . "	As March Madness begins , office pools and basketball become part of workday One company says employers stand to lose $ 1.8 billion this week due to distractions Psychologist says shared ritual boosts sense of belonging in workplace Positive cohesion comes for free , and employer wins , psychologist adds
Freetown , Sierra Leone  CNN  -- Sierra Leone and Liberia have some of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world , with 15-24 year olds accounting for 40 % of such deaths  and two years ago , agencies IPPF and FORWARD listened to hundreds of African voices talking about sexual and reproductive health and rights . These were n't the voices of presidents , parliamentarians , politicians , advocates , or activists discussing laws , principles , precepts and policy . They were the voices of young teenage girls in Liberia and Sierra Leone , speaking directly about their experiences , in a project called "  Girls at Risk . " Though not exclusively so , the prime "  risk " in question was teenage pregnancy : the risk of becoming pregnant ; the risks associated with unsafe abortion ; and those associated with poor maternal health provision . I was involved as an analyst : reviewing the responses with a view to answering three very straightforward questions . First , why are teenage girls from poor backgrounds so at risk of teenage pregnancy ? Secondly , what is the impact of teenage pregnancy and early motherhood on these girls lives ? Thirdly , what do girls say about the availability of appropriate services and information ? The depth and extent of detail which emerged from what these hundreds of girls said was overwhelming . See also : High-profile teen pregnancies in spotlight What was most striking was how attitudes and actions which we would consider extreme were related as commonplace occurrences . I talk of rape , incest , abuse and gender-based violence ; of girls routinely pressured by parents into marriage , multiple relationships with "  sugar daddy " partners , or sex work to secure the basics of survival ; of the immense physical and psychological trauma caused by years of conflict and the use of rape as a weapon of war ; of unsafe abortion resulting in sickness or death ; of economic independence denied through forced removal from education It is a familiar litany : one which it 's possible to become desensitized to through repetition . But as I looked over the transcripts of the interviews , the words of these girls  so matter-of-factly stated  , came as a real jolt . If you want to know what these girls said , verbatim , I 'd urge you to look at one of the two "  In Their Own Words " . Sexual and reproductive health and rights publications are often hard to read or understand . This is elegant in the simplicity of its expression and the clarity of its message . It may seem to you to be the wrong message to be highlighting on International Women 's Day , which should be celebratory . On the contrary . International Women 's Day this year is about "  Connecting girls , inspiring futures " . See also : Africa 's birth rate : ` Why women must be free to choose ' "  Girls at Risk " connected girls : it brought them together to share knowledge and experience and to disseminate their thoughts and opinions and testimony on a world stage . Critically , it subsequently served to inspire futures : the futures of individuals , and the futures of communities . In Liberia , for example , Marcontee Okai was inspired to set up the exquisitely-named "  Girls of Destiny Reading and Etiquette Club " . It answers girls ' needs for a space of their own  one not dominated by boys  for learning vocational skills and for continuing their education . Marcontee says , "  Twenty five girls attend the club which is located in the YWCA . I help them improve their reading skills and develop good manners . My plan is to ensure that every young girl in Liberia has a quality education and information about sexual and reproductive health -- but I will need more support to make that happen . " "  The Girls of Destiny Reading and Etiquette Club , " in microcosm , offers a solution to many of the ills which our analysis of the interviews in the "  Girls at Risk " project revealed , and meets many of the recommendations which the team subsequently made . The call was for better signposting to sexual and reproductive health services , for girls-only spaces , for health education and promotion programs to counter myths and misinformation , for confidence and self-esteem building initiatives , and for vocational training to foster economic independence . In addition , courses for pregnant teenagers and mothers on baby and childcare , and a concerted drive to reverse policies which prevent pregnant teenagers staying in school , and the foundations for a revolution in teenage girls ' lives are in place . What it needs is the will and the support  the support that Marcontee calls for  to make it happen . I have worked in sexual and reproductive health in Africa and around the world for 20 years . I am profoundly optimistic that change is achievable , and the more we make the world aware of what young women are forced to endure in countries such as Liberia and Sierra Leone , the more quickly that change will come . Something definitely to be celebrated on International Women 's Day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Seri Wendoh	" Girls at Risk " project allows young African girls to deal with their issues such as teenage pregnancy Seri Wendoh was able to gain an understanding of the risks young girls face Wendoh hopes to use International Women 's Day to better connect young girls and get their voices heard
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Conservationists are optimistic Hong Kong will move to destroy its huge stockpile of confiscated ivory -- believed to be one of the world 's biggest -- following China 's landmark destruction of six tons of tusks and ivory sculptures this week . Hong Kong , one of the principal gateways to mainland China , has previously opted not to destroy its stockpile of the illegal "  white gold " -- most of which is seized en route to the mainland -- opting instead to hold it in secret warehouses , sending small amounts to schools for educational purposes . China is the world 's largest ivory market , accounting for an estimated 70 % of global consumption , according to the International Fund for Animal Welfare  IFAW  . But a spokeswoman for Hong Kong 's Agriculture , Fisheries and Conservation Department said a committee would consider alternate means of dealing with the stockpile of "  about 30 tons " of contraband ivory held by the Chinese Special Administrative Region  SAR  , a hub of the global ivory trade , at a meeting later this month . The department had been trialing means of destroying ivory , including incineration , she said . Activists are hopeful Hong Kong will be encouraged to emulate the recent example of China , which took the symbolic gesture of crushing of tons of ivory in the southern Guangdong province Monday . The public demolition , which took place before diplomats , conservationists and media , came a month after China pledged at an African Elephant Summit in Botswana to take action to combat ivory trading . The quantity destroyed by China -- the first occasion the superpower has destroyed any of its stockpile -- amounted to about one-sixth of the illegal ivory confiscated worldwide in 2012 , according to IFAW estimates . "  The government of China took a stand finally on the issue and made a symbolic gesture to say to the world they want to join the global fight against the illegal wildlife trade , " said activist Alex Hofford of lobby group Hong Kong for Elephants . Given Hong Kong 's close relationship with China and with key trading partner the United States , which similarly destroyed its entire 6-ton stockpile of ivory in November , "  I do n't very well see how  Hong Kong  can not " follow suit , he said . The destruction of seized ivory hordes has also taken place in the Philippines , Gabon , and Kenya in recent years . "  There 's a bit of a pattern emerging , a global trend now to get rid of the ivory stockpiles , " said Hofford , adding that Hong Kong 's trove would be by far the largest to be destroyed . READ MORE : Chinese construction camps eyed as ivory conduits in Republic of Congo Conservation groups have been calling on governments to destroy their stockpiles , which often require substantial resources to keep secure , in order to help wipe out the demand for ivory and prevent the product returning to market . According to the Convention on International Trade on Endangered Species , a large amount of confiscated African ivory goes missing every year . More crucially , said Hofford , public destruction also sends a powerful message to potential buyers . "  It sends a really strong signal to consumers in China that it 's morally reprehensible -- it 's the wrong thing to do , and by buying illegal wildlife products , they 're directly contributing to the poaching crisis in Africa , " he said . A survey of 900 middle and upper middle class Chinese , commissioned by National Geographic last year , found nearly 60 % of respondents believed that strong government directives not to purchase ivory would be the most effective way to counter the trade . The survey also found that Chinese consumers associated ivory products with luxury and prestige . According to Jeff He , special assistant to the Asia Regional Director at the International Fund for Animal Welfare , a rise in demand from Asia , and especially China , in recent years has fueled the black market and put increasing pressure on African elephants in the wild . The elephant population in Africa has now shrunk to around half a million , from 1.2 million in 1980 . Nearly one hundred African elephants are killed for their tusks every day , according to the Wildlife Conservation Society . Hofford said that incinerating , not merely crushing , the ivory was a key consideration , as the crushing process would chunks of ivory large enough that they could still be worked into trinkets and returned to the ivory market . READ MORE : Hong Kong 's seized ivory stockpile an elephant-sized headache CNN 's Sophie Brown and journalist Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	Conservationists hope Hong Kong will destroy its huge horde of confiscated ivory They want it incinerated to wipe out demand and prevent it returning to market As gateway to China , world 's biggest ivory consumer , Hong Kong has enormous stockpile China 's move to crush tons of ivory this week may inspire Hong Kong to follow suit
Washington  CNN  -- FBI Director James Comey says new encryption standards by Apple and Google will create "  a black hole for law enforcement " that will help sophisticated criminals avoid detection . Comey is taking up the FBI 's years-long push to expand federal surveillance law to require tech companies to include a way for law enforcement to get court ordered access to data on new devices . "  The law has n't kept pace with technology , " Comey said in remarks at the Brookings Institution . "  This disconnect has created a significant public safety problem . We call it ` going dark , ' and what it means is this : those charged with protecting our people are n't always able to access the evidence we need to prosecute crime and prevent terrorism . " Related - FBI Director : iPhones shield pedophiles from cops Comey says he understands privacy concerns in the wake of the disclosures of NSA surveillance by former contractor Edward Snowden . He says the government 's ability to do surveillance and what it does access is overstated . Apple and Google have started selling new operating systems for cellphones that they explicitly market as encrypted beyond the reach of law enforcement . Even with a court order the company can not let law enforcement get into the devices , unless the data is uploaded to cloud computers . "  But uploading to the cloud does n't include all of the stored data on a bad guy 's phone , which has the potential to create a black hole for law enforcement . And if the bad guys do n't back up their phones routinely or of they opt out of uploading to the cloud , the data will only be found on the encrypted devices . " People trying to evade law enforcement are most likely to ensure their data ca n't be accessed , Comey said . "  Sophisticated criminals will come to count on these means of evading detection . It 's the equivalent of a closet that ca n't be opened . A safe that ca n't be cracked . "	FBI Director James Comey is worried that encryption technology by Apple and Google could help criminals Tech companies have been searching for ways to ensure users ' privacy against government surveillance
CNN  -- What do Steve Jobs , Hollywood film studios and Silicon Valley venture capitalists have in common ? All have , at one stage or another , sought out Ren Ng -- the Malaysian-born inventor of Lytro , a hand-held digital camera that aims to revolutionize photography and simplify the art of taking pictures . Lytro works by employing a micro-lens array to capture the entire light field -- every ray of light traveling in all directions through a scene , which regular cameras can not do -- before focusing the information captured onto a sensor . Collecting all light data enables users to alter a picture 's focus and perspective long after the image has been taken . The technology caught the eye of the late Steve Jobs , who invited Ng to his Palo Alto home to demo the device , and attracted a cool $ 50 million start-up cash from eager venture capitalists . See also : A light bulb moment for the wireless web The camera launched in the U.S. last February before Lytro announced it was expanding into Asia and Australia in October . Ng took time out to speak to CNN about his invention and how he transformed Lytro from a Stanford University PhD project into a potentially lucrative commercial reality . CNN : What makes Lytro such a revolutionary invention ? Ren Ng : It lets you focus pictures after you take the shot and this really enriches your creativity as it makes a totally new kind of interactive picture . It also lets you share that creativity online with your friends and family ...  and  can be embedded fully into social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google + . CNN : What was the inspiration for the Lytro camera ? RN : I am a very keen photographer . I have enjoyed taking pictures since I was a kid with my family , but I became more serious about it at university . From the academic side , I was studying pictures from a computer graphic stance and the theory of the light field . On the personal side , I was rock climbing and taking pictures with my friends . We took all sorts of portrait and action pictures and I was thinking at the time that these are inherently difficult to focus correctly . That made me ask questions about the computer graphics of the light field that I was studying academically , and if those could be applied in commercial photography . CNN : How long has the process of invention to market taken you ? RN : I started the company in 2006 and I had been working on research for about three years before that . Personally , I 've been working on it for about nine years . We 've gone through about three rounds of venture capital with some of the best venture capitalists in Silicon Valley . In total we 've raised approximately $ 50 million in investment . See also : How the Rubik 's Cube took over the world CNN : You made a prototype when researching your dissertation , did you realize you were sitting on a multi-million dollar invention ? RN : The idea to try and commercialize came very late and it is something that is not very natural to me being an academic . There were two eureka moments during the PhD , if you will . The first was taking these equations  about the optical architecture of the light field  and starting to simulate them on a computer . The second was very similar except it was more physical . We built a prototype camera where you could take a picture using the software developed during the simulation stage . CNN : Does Lytro make skilled photography redundant ? RN : I think it 's a very compelling idea that you 'll never take a bad picture anymore , but that 's not what this camera is about . It 's not a magical device ... but it does let you take pictures very rapidly and without having to worry about things like focus , like you do with a regular camera . Basically , with a regular camera you have to take time or allow the camera to focus before you take the shot . Because we can allow you to focus after you 've taken the picture by capturing the full light field , we can trigger the shutter instantly without delay . And people find that very helpful . CNN : What was it like being invited to meet Steve Jobs ? RN : It really was an incredible experience . Not too many people have the chance to do that . Like many people out there I 'm inspired by the level of attention to detail , design and execution of Apple products . Getting to meet him was exciting as he 's a very inspiring person . We discussed a range of topics and it was terrific to -LSB- meet -RSB- like that in a one-on-one setting . See also : Teach young people to be innovative CNN : Has it been easy combining the business and science side of things ? RN : It was the hardest thing I 've ever done , for sure . Entrepreneurship is a very full body immersion into a very diverse skill set . Being able to execute technically through to a vision of a product that can be compelled to people and then being able to communicate that . I had to develop a lot of these very different aspects , but more importantly I have also met a lot of people who have joined Lytro , invested in Lytro or become partners with Lytro that have helped us to grow this vision of bringing computational photography to consumer cameras . CNN : From your experiences with Lytro , is commercial savvy something that modern inventors require just as much as a scientific or creative mind ? RN : I think so , absolutely . More importantly , the company that intends to commercialize an idea will need to have all of those skill sets  technical , business and commercial  represented . I still definitely have n't mastered all of those skills . We have over 100 people working on this to bring it up to market and bring it forward now . But I do think that technical inventors will have to prove their vision of how those technologies will move into products that make sense for markets and for customers . CNN : And finally , what would your advice be to would-be inventors wrestling with tomorrow 's big ideas ? RN : Think big and have perseverance .	Ren Ng is the Malaysian-born inventor of the Lytro camera Ng hopes the hand-held digital device will come to revolutionize how people take pictures Camera enables users to alter a picture 's focus and perspective after image has been captured
A massive explosion at a train station in the Russian city of Volgograd killed at least 16 people , including one police officer , the Investigative Committee of Russia said on its website Sunday . See photos of the blast The head of the committee , Vladimir Markin , said 16 people had been killed and 34 people were injured , including a 9-year-old girl . The suspected female suicide bomber set off the device before she could pass through a metal detector , Markin said , citing available information at the time . Later , Markin told Russian news agency Ria Novosti the remains of the bomber will undergo DNA testing . He said the bomber used the equivalent of 10 kilograms of TNT and included shrapnel . Investigators also found an unexploded grenade . Video taken from an outside security camera shows a huge fireball inside what appears to be the main entrance of the three-story stone building followed by a steady trail of smoke coming out shattered windows . The bombing occurred at about 12:45 p.m. local time  3:45 a.m. ET  , officials said . President Vladimir Putin posted a message on the Kremlin 's website sending his condolences to the family of those killed and wishing a quick recovery to those hurt . Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev ordered the emergency and health ministries to provide "  all necessary assistance " to the wounded . Ria Novosti reported that the regional governor said at least half of the wounded are in critical condition . It is the second bombing in the southern Russian city in two months and comes less than six weeks ahead of the Winter Olympics in Sochi , located less than 1,000 kilometers  620 miles  from Volgograd . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . "  There can be no justification for such barbarous attacks . " said NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen . "  NATO and Russia stand together in the fight against terrorism. , including by working together on technology to prevent attacks on public transport systems . " A White House spokeswoman said , "  Our hearts go out to the victims and their families . " In October , a bomber blew up a passenger bus , killing six people and wounding more than 30 others . Russian media reported that a female Islamist suicide bomber from the Russian region of Dagestan was responsible for the attack . Volgograd , once called Stalingrad , is a major rail hub in the region , and each day thousands of passengers pass through the station , many on their way to Moscow . The station likely was packed with holiday travelers . The restive region of Chechnya is also located in this southern portion of Russia .	Russian news agency says remains of bomber to be examined Russia authorities say preliminary information points to a female suicide bomber Video appears to show explosion inside the main doors to the station Bomber reportedly was approaching metal detector when attack occurred
CNN  -- The jury that convicted O.J. Simpson of robbery and other charges relied mostly on audio and video evidence -- and very little on testimony from prosecution witnesses -- jury members said Sunday . O.J. Simpson , convicted of robbery and kidnapping last week , could be sentenced to life in prison on December 5 . "  We honestly felt we could not rely on that witness testimony , " said Michelle R. Lyons , one of seven jurors who spoke to reporters in Las Vegas , Nevada , on Sunday . "  There was not one decision we made that was based only on witness testimony . " Jury foreman Paul Connelly said some of the prosecution 's witnesses did n't seem trustworthy . At least three former Simpson co-defendants who cut deals to testify in the case had criminal records . Asked whether the jury trusted the witnesses , Connelly answered : "  Not entirely , no . " Watch jurors explain their verdict " Prosecutors produced an audiotape of the confrontation in which authorities said Simpson and five men burst into a Las Vegas , Nevada , hotel on September 13 , 2007 . The men allegedly made off with pillowcases containing Simpson sports memorabilia . Several jurors said audiotapes of the incident and conversations between Simpson and others that were recorded surreptitiously before , during and after the heist made the prosecution 's case . "  It would have been a weak case " without the tapes , juror Dora Pettit said . The jury of nine women and three men found Simpson and co-defendant Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart guilty Friday of 12 charges , including conspiracy to commit a crime , robbery , assault and kidnapping with a deadly weapon . Simpson , 61 , could get life in prison . Sentencing is scheduled for December 5 in Las Vegas . Prosecutors alleged that Simpson , a former football star , led a group of men who used threats , guns and force to take the memorabilia and other items from memorabilia dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . Four men who had been charged with Simpson cut deals with the prosecution and testified against him . One testified that Simpson instructed him to bring a gun to the hotel encounter . "  Everything was based on the recordings , " juror Dora Pettit said of the panel 's decisions . Simpson , who did not testify during the trial , told police he did n't know the people with him were armed . He also claimed the items had been stolen from him , and the hotel encounter was just about him retrieving his items . Simpson 's lawyer has indicated he plans to appeal the conviction , partly because some of the jurors had indicated during jury selection that they disagreed with a 1995 verdict in which he was acquitted of killing his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ronald Goldman . Watch Fred Goldman hail the verdict " Teresa Owens , one of the jurors in the Simpson robbery case , said any suggestion that the jury found Simpson guilty because of the verdict 13 years ago is "  terrible . " "  There 's reports right now that we 've had some kind of vendetta against Mr. Simpson for ... 13 years ago , " she said . "  That in no way had anything to do with this case whatsoever . " Connelly said the murder trial "  never came up . " "  I do n't think it was on anybody 's minds . For that , I can say I 'm proud of the jury , " he said . Before the robbery and kidnapping trial , the jurors promised they could disregard Simpson 's past and solely consider the evidence against him and Stewart , 54 . Owens also said it would be "  preposterous " for anyone suggest that the makeup of the jury -- 11 jurors were white , and one said she was Hispanic , while Simpson is black -- hurt the defense 's chances . "  They chose us . Five hundred people ... filled out these questionnaires , " Owens said . "  They had the -LSB- opportunity -RSB- to pass us . " Pettit said the jury has been painted by some "  as an all-white jury that hates O.J. " "  That 's just not true , " she said . "  It could n't be further from the truth . " Asked whether they felt the crime was bad enough to warrant life sentences , Connelly said that was up for the court to decide . Pettit said that "  if he walked out tomorrow , I 'd be fine with that . " However , she said Simpson had to be found guilty and that his argument about just wanting to recover his own things did n't work . "  Under Nevada law ... even if you 're recovering your own stuff , you ca n't do it in the manner that they all went in and did it , " Pettit said .	Some witnesses did n't seem trustworthy , jury foreman says At least three witnesses who cut deals to testify had criminal records "  Not one decision " was made based solely on testimony , juror says Jurors : Simpson 's 1995 acquittal on murder charges never came up
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain 's Socialist Prime Minister announced Monday the dissolution of parliament in order to hold early elections on November 20 , which polls indicate the opposition conservatives will win handily during Spain 's deep economic crisis . Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said last April he would not seek a third term . He has been squeezed by the nation 's prolonged economic downturn . The unemployment rate is almost 21 % , and almost 5 million are jobless . Numerous opinion polls indicate opposition Popular Party leader Mariano Rajoy , 56 , has a double-digit lead -- from 10 to 15 percentage points -- over the Socialists . On Monday , Zapatero convened a Cabinet meeting , and the only order of business was to approve a decree to convene early elections on November 20 . Zapatero has talked publicly about this for weeks , a sharp change from his stance earlier this year when he said he intended to serve out his full four-year term due to end in March 2012 . Rajoy has lost twice to Zapatero , in 2004 and 2008 . But his conservative party swept to victory in regional and local elections last May , presaging what the polls predict will be a triumph for Rajoy the third time around . He 's a former Cabinet minister under the conservative administration of Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar from 1996 to 2004 . Rajoy has been criticized for not revealing detailed plans of how to get Spain out of its crisis , especially at a time when financial markets have battered Spain . Many international analysts say Spain could be at even further risk , along with Italy and Portugal , if troubled Greece defaults on its debt . Rajoy said over the weekend that if elected , he would install a 100-day shock plan of "  austerity and efficiency " so that national , regional and local governments get in step to avoid duplication in spending . The Socialist candidate is Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba , 60 , who served under Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and most recently under Zapatero , rising to the positions of deputy prime minister and interior minister . He told supporters over the weekend that the elections during this crisis are among the most important in Spain 's 30 years of democracy following the death of the long-ruling dictator Francisco Franco in 1975 . After the Cabinet meeting on Monday , Zapatero formally informed King Juan Carlos of the decision and then spoke to reporters at the prime minister 's compound . "  Today is not a day to take stock of this government , " Zapatero said in a nationally-televised statement . "  Today is a day to open the balance for the candidates to present their plans and for the people to decide freely about them . " "  I have great confidence in Spain , " Zapatero added . "  I know that sooner than later we 'll get out of these difficulties . " The pre-campaign has been underway for months , but the official campaign will begin on November 4 , two weeks before the vote .	Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero convenes a Cabinet meeting Monday Opposition conservatives are expected to win during Spain 's economic crisis Polls indicate Popular Party leader Mariano Rajoy has a double-digit lead
CNN  -- More than 2,800 people have been killed in Nigeria since the Boko Haram crisis in Nigeria started in 2009 , according to Human Rights Watch . The Islamic militant group , which wants to enforce a strict version of Islamic law in northern Nigeria , has successfully hit soft and hard targets in a manner that questions the capacity of the Nigerian state to protect its citizenry . Hard targets have included the police and United Nations headquarters in Abuja . Frustrated by his inability to solve the problem by peaceful means , President Goodluck Jonathan had to fall back on the provisions of Section 305 of the Nigerian Constitution . In May 2013 , he declared states of emergency in Borno , Yobe and Adamawa in northeastern Nigeria -- three key flashpoint states that had been wracked by activities of Boko Haram and its offshoot , Ansaru . "  We have taken robust steps to unravel and address the root causes of these crises , but it would appear that there is a systematic effort by insurgents and terrorists to destabilize the Nigerian state and test our collective resolve , " Jonathan said in a televised speech . Read more : UN bombing suspect tied to al Qaeda , Nigerians say More troops were deployed to the three states ; the country 's borders with Cameroun , Niger and Chad were shut down . The Nigerian Air Force provided air cover for the army and police , which raided the hideouts of the insurgents . The crackdown began to produce positive results in terms of a drastic reduction in attacks by the insurgents -- resulting from a blockade of their supply lines of fighters , arms and food . But how sustainable is all this ? Can we say that the last of the Boko Haram crisis has been heard ? The answer is a categorical no . Read more : Nigerian president declares emergency in 3 states Last weekend , gunmen stormed a school in Yobe , killing 20 students and a teacher in an attack local media said had been claimed by Boko Haram . Whereas the Nigerian government would say Boko Haram members are being "  flushed out " , an objective observer would say many are simply hibernating in various northern Nigerian communities . Locals know who -- and where -- they are , but share two related grievances against the Nigerian state that is warring against the group . First and foremost , many northern Nigerians are unhappy with the way the military carries out its operations . In its pursuit of Boko Haram , the Nigerian military views everything as a legitimate target -- including mosques , market places , women and children . The people regularly allege the killing of innocent people by the military . They claim to be more afraid of the soldiers than Boko Haram insurgents . The Nigerian military recently told Human Rights Watch that reports of civilian casualties during military raids were "  grossly exaggerated , " but U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has warned his Nigerian counterpart over alleged atrocities by soldiers . Read more : Gunmen kill 20 students , teacher in Nigerian school shooting The military can not claim to be winning under this kind of atmosphere . To get local support for a sustainable war against Boko Haram , the military must invest more in winning the hearts and minds of the people . The alternative is that the people either become bystanders in the war or even supporters of Boko Haram . The second problem is that the north is not happy with the present regime in Nigeria , which has marginalized them politically , socially and economically since the 1999 transition from military to civil rule . The north had previously held the power in Nigeria ; it is now in the "  opposition . " Read more : Human Rights Watch report on Nigeria violence The north took over from the British colonial masters when Nigeria became independent in 1960 . These politicians were overthrown by the military in 1966 but once again the military leaders were northern dominated until they transferred power to civilians in 1999 . Since then , northerners ' grip on the Nigerian political system has been very weak ; it is getting weaker by the day . Things are so bad for the north , that the possibility of it reclaiming political power in 2015 is becoming a mirage . If the political situation in Nigeria gets messier , the likes of Boko Haram would fight for the north whether voluntarily or by invitation . For this reason , some northerners might not be too happy with the military suppressing Boko Haram . Such individuals exist within the Nigerian military as well . This is why the Chief of Army Staff Lt. Gen. Azubuike Ihejirika is constantly warning his men and officers not to sabotage the ongoing military operations by providing intelligence to the insurgents . Read more : Nigerian military -- insurgents killed in raid on militant camps The Boko Haram sect can not be removed from Nigerian society like pulling a rotten tooth out of the mouth . A group whose bloodied hands were found in the 2000 to 2003 political violence in Borno State ; a group that two years later emerged as the "  Nigerian Taliban " before becoming securitized by the Nigerian state as Boko Haram  meaning "  western education is evil "  can not be easily sent packing by the Nigerian military . Boko Haram 's members have seen many battles in the past and the group is known to be a cat with many lives . Even if it died out , it would germinate in new forms . The needs of Boko Haram are not even known to the Nigerian state not to mention being met by it . More problems should be expected . The group might emerge under new name now that it has been banned by the United Kingdom and its present leadership has been declared wanted by the United States . Read more : Nigerians ask , are we at war ? Leader Abubakar Shekau and some of the group 's other senior members have nothing to gain from any permanent peace -- especially as the international community has already cast them in the mold of former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . As they await eventual capture , they will not mind causing more trouble . To sustain its recent gains , the military task force in the three states will need to take the character of a near permanent formation on the ground . If the military leave , Boko Haram will quickly come in to fill the space . Occasional sniper attacks on soft targets by the group will provide justification for the military to ask for money to keep the northeast safe . In other words , the Nigerian military is doing its best but the present situation is only a state of negative peace ; it is a peace of the graveyard . The committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north , set up by the federal government , claimed some days ago it has reached a ceasefire agreement with the Boko Haram sect . Such an agreement must have been reached with a significant faction of the sect . Read more : Why Nigeria 's elections matter If not , where did the group meet the faction led by Shekau and what were the terms of the agreement ? What is in the agreement for the Boko Haram most especially on issues relating to strict enforcement of Islamic laws in northern Nigeria ? What does it have to say on "  amnesty " for Shekau and other leaders of the sect ? The committee members are only trying to save face . The ongoing military operations against the Boko Haram were launched few days after the committee was set up . The members are confused ; the credibility of their mission is questioned and they have to say something to Nigerians before running away . The opinions expressed in this commentary are soley those of Isaac Olawale Albert .	Boko Haram is an Islamic militant group that wants to enforce a slamic law in Nigeria Nigeria 's president has declared emergencies in three states where the group operates Albert says the military 's tactics are not working and it is failing to win hearts and minds Many northerners share some of the group 's grievances against the state , he says
CNN  -- When the players line up on the field for the crucial U.S.-Germany match on Thursday , fans may see Jurgen Klinsmann 's lips moving during both countries ' national anthems . Klinsmann coached the German national team in the 2006 World Cup . Eight years later , he 's coaching Team USA . In the run-up to the 2014 World Cup , Klinsmann rubbed American soccer fans the wrong way with his frank early assessment that the team was n't ready to win the championship . He irked others when he brought on five German-born players while dropping Landon Donovan , Team U.S.A. 's all-time highest scorer . But the team 's successes under Klinsmann this year have silenced the grumbling , as they have fought their way through initial play in Group G against competitors with a reputation for being so tough that it has been nicknamed the "  Group of Death . " If the U.S. pulls through to the next round Thursday , it will be as much due to the dogged determination of the players on the field as Klinsmann 's coaching skills off it . A national hero Outside of the United States , Klinsmann is very well-known . In Germany , he 's a household name , one of its brightest football stars . He likes to tell his life 's story from the start . "  I grew up in a family bakery where I saw my dad working long hours every day -- 12 , 14 , sometimes 16 hours -- and he barely could get sleep , " Klinsmann said . That work ethic is in his DNA , he said . And he stuck it into soccer at the earliest , signing his first pro contract at age 16 . By age 24 , he became the top scorer in the German premiere league , the Bundesliga , and was celebrated as player of the year . Two years later , in 1990 , he played on the German national team , when it took its third World Cup trophy . Klinsmann also played in the professional leagues of Italy , France and England . In 1998 , he retired from play and moved to California with his American wife , Debbie , whom he met , while she was working abroad in Europe . Eight years later , Klinsmann practically became a national hero in his native Germany as its team 's head coach , when the country hosted the 2006 World Cup . He changed the way Germany played the game , teaching them to shed their conservative defense-minded approach for an aggressive offensive one . Though he did not lead the team to the top prize -- they came in third -- something even more wonderful happened : Germany shed a layer of its dark historic burden . Feeling despised for Nazi Germany 's ruthlessness in World War II , flag-waving patriotism was a taboo for Germans . During the cup , global adoration poured in on them , and they broke out the flags to celebrate . Klinsmann stood in the center of it all . Millions thanked him for his leadership . Fan crowds were dotted with signs reading : "  Danke , Klinsi ! " A master psychologist The U.S. coach 's style -- and his main strength -- could be summed up in one word : psychology . Players seem to connect with him . They describe him as personable , easy to talk to . He rallies and motivates them ; he irons out ego conflicts , analysts have said . Tensions over German-born players existed on the U.S. national team long before Klinsmann took the top coaching job in 2011 , said Major League Soccer analyst Matthew Doyle . It fractured the locker room . Klinsmann seems to have changed that , and players have become greatly committed to the team . Team spirit has long been his strength , said CNN sports reporter Patrick Snell . "  It 's not a team full of superstars , " Snell said . "  It 's a team that never knows when it 's beaten . " Klinsmann also handles the public well , Snell said . His candor about Team U.S.A. 's readiness served to downplay expectations . He is a pro at controlling narratives , deflecting media hype away from players and onto himself . "  I think he is a very shrewd manipulator of the media , " Snell said . Meet the team U.S.A. players with ties to Germany The hero 's shadow "  That bugs me , " analyst Doyle said . He feels like Klinsmann has contributed to media narratives he has grown tired of : The U.S. team is David ; Germany is Goliath . Klinsmann is the savior . "  He 's not the savior , and we do n't need saving , " Doyle said . The team improved greatly in the 10-plus years before Klinsmann came along , and the new coach is building on that success , he believes . The United States has shined in international tournaments , coming in first and second . It spent a decade fighting to get the upper hand on the formidable Mexican national team . And it has beaten the Italian team in Italy . For all his real strengths , Klinsmann has some weaknesses , too , Doyle said . Some of his stints coaching professional teams have proved lackluster . In Germany , Klinsmann has come under fire from current national team captain Philipp Lahm , who has said the current U.S. coach lacks tactical finesse . And he has left some vulnerabilities in American team 's lineup , when he had better alternatives at hand , Doyle said . "  A guy like Landon Donovan gets left at home . That frustrates me , " he said . The team has also made a serious consistent error . "  Four games in a row now after the 80th minute , we have given up a goal , " he said . In his eyes , Klinsmann is no better than his recent predecessors -- unless he beats Germany on Thursday . Do that , and all is forgiven . No more questions . The moment of truth The strengths of Germany 's coach , Joachim Loew , fall right where Klinsmann 's weaknesses lie . He is the master tactician and technician . The two once made a great team -- they balanced each other out , when Loew worked under Klinsmann in 2006 . And they have become the closest of friends . Standing across from him , his former team and his native country will feel strange . "  Facing Germany , obviously , for me personally will be a very emotional situation , " he said . "  Having both anthems play before the game , looking at their bench . " The German press has reported that he will sing along with them . He has already taken a beating from disillusioned journalists there for singing "  The Star Spangled Banner . " "  Coach Jurgen Klinsmann obviously sings every national anthem , " wrote one German news website . Once that 's over , then it 's game on , Doyle said . He has no doubts Klinsmann will do anything to win . "  He 's a fierce and ruthless competitor . " "  We have been waiting for this game quite a long time , " Klinsmann said . "  It 's massive , there 's no other word to say . " And he has changed the narrative of the U.S. team : "  We are by no means any underdog here . " CNN 's Joe McCurdy and Ravi Ubha contributed to this report	In the game against Germany , the U.S. coach may sing both national anthems He is more than a soccer star in Germany -- practically a national hero He is known as a great team builder and motivator But tactic and technique could be a weakness , and he has had some coaching failures
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A Japanese freelance journalist who was kidnapped for five months in Afghanistan and released Saturday says his kidnappers were n't members of the Taliban , but corrupt Afghan soldiers . Kosuke Tsuneoka , 41 , posted a message to his Twitter account on his arrival at the airport in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , on Monday . He was on his way back to Japan from Afghanistan , which he left on Sunday , according to Japan 's Foreign Ministry . Tsuneoka was kidnapped in late March . "  They were corrupt military factions that blackmailed the Japanese government by pretending they were Taliban , " Tsuneoka posted in Japanese on his Twitter account . His message revealed the name of the commander in Kunduz and the factions in Takhar province that kidnapped him . However , the Japanese Embassy in Kabul said the kidnappers ' affiliations were still unclear . Tsuneoka said in a separate message on his Twitter account that he was prepared for death . He added that he survived because , though the group 's ranking officials were corrupt , they could not justify killing him to lower-ranking soldiers and civilians in the region . He called the lower-ranking soldiers and civilians proper people . "  The Japanese government and the family of the kidnap victim did not pay a ransom to the culprits , " Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshito Sengoku , said Monday at a news conference . It was not clear what led to Tsuneoka 's release . Dozens of foreigners have been kidnapped in Afghanistan since the United States and its allies invaded in 2001 to unseat the Taliban government . Journalists have been prime targets .	The Japanese journalist says corrupt Afghan soldiers abducted him Kosuke Tsuneoka posted his statements on his Twitter account He says his abductors pretended to be Taliban members Tsuneoka was kidnapped in March and released Saturday
CNN  -- Russian and American leaders paint starkly different pictures of Ukraine , blaming each other for a crisis that shows no signs of simmering down . A defiant Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that masked gunmen are fueling anarchy in Ukraine . He decried what he called an illegitimate government that illegally seized power in a coup with U.S. backing , arguing that his country has a right to use military force . U.S. President Barack Obama and his country 's top diplomat said Ukraine 's new government is democratically responding to the people 's will . They warned of invading forces and a desperate Russia breaking international law . "  President Putin seems to have a different set of lawyers making a different set of interpretations , " Obama said , "  but I do n't think that 's fooling anybody . " Putin blamed Western powers , particularly the United States , for causing what he called "  anarchy and armed coup " in Ukraine . "  I have a feeling people in America sit in some lab doing experiments , like on rats , " he said , "  without knowing consequences . " The conflicting descriptions are enough to give you whiplash . Ukraine 's shaky new government is caught in the middle , and it 's clear that world powers do n't see eye to eye over basic facts about what 's happening . Here are some of the questions at play , with a look at how key players are weighing in : What 's happening in Kiev and Crimea ? Russia 's take : Putin described a country in chaos . "  Military men are walking around Kiev in masks still now . They wanted to humiliate someone or show their force , " he said . "  I think this is very stupid . " United States ' take : The streets in Kiev are "  calm and friendly , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said , and Ukrainian soldiers in Crimea have "  stood their ground but never fired a shot , never issued one provocation , have been surrounded by an invading group of troops . " What we 've seen : In Crimea , the situation is calm but tense , CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Clare Sebastian report . Russian forces have surrounded 10 Ukrainian military bases . There 's been no fighting -- or loss of life -- but there are ample signs of preparation . There 's a "  war of information " in the region "  between those who watch Russian state TV and those who are getting their news from the West , none of them listening to the calls from Kiev for unity in this country , " CNN 's Diana Magnay reported . In Kiev , there are still barricades and battle scars from recent fighting before Viktor Yanukovych 's ouster , CNN 's Anderson Cooper and Elise Labott reported . Protesters there are waving posters depicting caricatures of Putin and declaring their willingness to fight against Russian forces , if necessary . In Crimea : ' I feel unsure about what will be tomorrow ' Who 's in charge of Ukraine ? Russia 's take : Viktor Yanukovych remains Ukraine 's elected leader , and Ukraine 's new government is illegitimate . "  The legitimate president is only Yanukovych , " Putin said . "  There are just three ways to dismiss the president from power : death , his personal request and the third one , impeachment . ... This procedure was not followed . " United States ' take : Yanukovych abandoned his post last month , refused to sign a transition deal , fled the country and was then voted out of office by Ukraine 's democratically elected parliament . "  He broke his obligation to sign that agreement and he fled into the night with his possessions , destroying papers behind him , " Kerry said in Kiev on Tuesday . "  He abandoned his people and eventually his country . " Ukraine 's take : Ukraine has a legitimate government and is set to have new presidential elections on May 25 . "  Let 's give an opportunity for that to work , " Ukrainian Ambassador to the U.N. Yuriy Sergeyev said . But not everyone in the country agrees . Some support having closer ties with Russia . Yanukovych , for his part , said in a news conference from Russia last week that the planned May 25 elections would be illegal , insisting that he was still in charge and wanted to lead his country to peace , harmony and prosperity . U.S. strategy for Ukraine crisis : Money talks How many Russian troops are inside Ukraine ? Russia 's take : Part of the Russian Navy is based in Crimea , but Putin has n't acknowledged sending any additional troops to Ukraine . He told reporters Tuesday that the surge in forces in Crimea were local self-defense groups pushing for the will of the people to be respected . Asked whether they were Russian , he said the uniforms the troops are wearing could be purchased at a store . United States ' take : Kerry sounded shocked by Putin 's explanation Tuesday . Putin , he said , "  is insisting against all evidence everywhere in the world about troops being in Crimea that they 're not there . " Russian forces "  have complete operational control of the Crimean peninsula , " a senior U.S. administration official told CNN on Sunday , with estimates of 6,000 Russian ground and naval forces in the region Ukraine 's take : Russia has sent military ships , helicopters and cargo planes to deploy 16,000 troops into Crimea since February 24 , Sergeyev told the United Nations on Monday . Does Russia have a right to send more military forces into Ukraine ? Russia 's take : Yes . A treaty between the neighboring nations allows Russia to have up to 25,000 troops in Crimea , Russia 's U.N. envoy said Monday , adding that Yanukovych asked Russia to send military forces . Putin said Russia has no plans to take over Crimea . "  If I take the decision to use military force , it will be completely legitimate and correspond to the international law , " Putin said , "  because we have the request of the legitimate president and also  it  corresponds to our duties and corresponds to our interest in protecting the people who are close to us historically and have connected culturally . " United States ' take : No , and Putin is playing a dangerous game . Obama said Tuesday that the Russian President does n't have the right to use force to influence the neighboring country . Russia "  has chosen aggression and intimidation as a first resort , " Kerry said Tuesday , accusing the country 's government of "  hiding its hand behind falsehoods , intimidation and provocations . " Ukraine 's take : No . Russian troops amassing in Crimea and near the border with Ukraine are an "  act of aggression . " If judged by the numbers , Ukraine 's military loses war with Russia Why is the tense standoff unfolding now ? Russia 's take : Parliament approved Putin 's use of military force to protect Russian citizens inside Ukraine . "  This corresponds to our national interest to protect these people , and this is a humanitarian mission . We are not trying to enslave people , or dictate anything to anyone , " Putin said . "  Of course , we ca n't stay aside if we see the people persecuted , bullied or killed . We very much hope it will not come to this . " United States ' take : Putin , the administration believes , is threatened by challenges to his influence , especially popular uprisings against governments that are supportive of the Russian leader , a senior Obama administration official said Tuesday . "  They are externally taking over and trying to annex Crimea , " Kerry said . Ukraine 's take : There 's no evidence of any threat to Russians inside Ukraine . Russia wants to annex Crimea . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	From afar , Obama and Putin exchange sharp words over Ukraine American and Russian leaders paint starkly different pictures of the situation Putin says his country has a right to use military force and claims there was a coup Kerry argues that Russia is telling falsehoods as it makes a case for invasion
CNN  -- Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez , jailed on a murder charge , declared his innocence as he responded to a fan letter , saying that "  all the people who turned on me will feel like crap , " according to a report . TMZ , which on Thursday published the letter online , said it has independently verified its authenticity with authorities . Massachusetts authorities have accused the fallen NFL star of orchestrating the June 17 shooting death of Odin Lloyd , the 27-year-old boyfriend of Hernandez 's fianc  e 's sister . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and is being held without bail . In the letter , Hernandez responded to the fan , "  The world just makes things out of false accusations and it will all die down especially when they say NOT GUILTY ... " At the end of the letter , Hernandez pleads for the letter not to be leaked to social media . The fan , who does not want to be named , sold the letter to Sportsworld in Saugus , Massachusetts , according to Phil Castinetti , owner of the memorabilia shop . Sportsworld then sold the letter to TMZ for $ 18,000 , according to the shop 's Brendan Brennan , who declined to say how much the business paid the fan for the letter . So much for keeping it off social media . But the fan said he sold the letter for good reason . "  I wanted to show him that I 'm supporting him , " the fan told CNN on Friday . "  I do n't think it 's right because people have n't heard his side of the story . All you see is Twitter and Facebook saying bad things . People need to see that he took his time to write somebody a letter back , " he said . Although he is supporting Hernandez , the fan still sympathizes for the family of the victim . The fan wrote the letter two weeks ago , but said he did n't expect to hear back . The fan mentioned in the letter his own troubles with the law and how he was able to turn his life around . He added to the letter photos of Hernandez , his fianc  e and their daughter , which Hernandez now has on his wall in the cell , as "  something to look at beside those four walls , " according to the fan . CNN can not independently confirm this account . "  I know there is a reason I 'm going thru this and I will figure it out through my relationship with the Lord , " continued Hernandez in the letter , according to TMZ . Bristol County Sheriff Tom Hodgson told CNN that the envelope and stationery came from Bristol County House of Corrections , but could not confirm whether Hernandez actually wrote it . However , the name "  Aaron Hernandez , " the identification number , unit and room number were listed on the outgoing envelope . A spokesperson for a law firm representing Hernandez declined to comment . At the bottom , after his signature , Hernandez said "  Ca n't wait to sign this again when I 'm playing again and prove all the haters and -LSB- ... -RSB- talkers WRONG . " CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez is being held on a murder charge Former NFL star responds to fan letter , according to report He says : World makes things from "  false accusations "
In the pink-hued streets of Toulouse , France 's "  Ville Rose , " flags are flying at half-mast : The city is in mourning -- and shock . In just over a week , three brutal shootings have left seven people -- including three young children -- dead , and two more fighting for their lives . The attacks , two targeting soldiers from ethnic minorities , and the third focused on a Jewish school , have stunned the country , and left local residents dreading the gunman 's next move . "  There is a lot of fear , " said Jean Cohadon , crime reporter on the Dpche du Midi newspaper . "  He has killed three times already , with more victims each time , and people are asking ` What will he do tomorrow ? ' " Toulouse , a pretty city on the banks of the Garonne river in southwestern France , is best known for its historic old town , universities , churches and galleries , and for being home to aircraft manufacturer Airbus . With a huge student population , and workers drawn from across the world to work in companies linked to the aerospace industry , the city is proudly international . "  I 've always felt very safe here , " one Jewish-American resident , who asked not to be named , told CNN . "  We love the city . It is a charming place , like a village within a city , really , very quaint . "  We are just shell-shocked by what has happened . We ca n't believe it -- it seems so surreal . " The drama began nine days ago , with the shooting of an off-duty soldier in Toulouse . But at first , Cohadon says , no one could imagine the horrors to come . "  The first death was not unnoticed , but no one had any idea of what was behind it -- the soldier was not in uniform , and it seemed like an isolated incident , " he told CNN . Then last Thursday three members of a local parachute regiment were gunned down in Montauban , 30 miles away . Two of the men died ; the third remains critically ill . Police soon linked the two attacks , which involved soldiers from North African and Caribbean backgrounds , and which were carried out with the same weapon , by a gunman who fled on a scooter . "  That led to questions about the motivation behind the attack , " said Cohadon . "  Why were soldiers targeted ? Why members of a parachute regiment ? Was there a link to our operations in Afghanistan ? " With the third attack , on the Ozar Hatorah School in Toulouse on Monday , things became , Cohadon says , "  even more troubling . " "  Here we have four deaths , of whom three were children , little children , just three , six and eight . The attack seems predetermined , very violent -- the gunman is said to have shot at everything that moved , and again he made his getaway on a scooter . " Again , the shooting has left local residents questioning the attacker 's motive -- and what else he may be capable of . "  Is the motive simply racist ? Is it someone who is attacking minorities ? Or is it a terrorist attack ? " said Cohadon . "  And if he was capable of killing three times , in such a way , what happens next time ? " Security has been beefed up across the city -- and at religious sites around the country -- and anti-terrorism police from Paris have been brought in to oversee the investigation , a sign that the killings are officially considered an act of terrorism , but the gunman remains at large . "  There is a lot of concern that no one has been apprehended yet -- that 's the big issue for everyone : Is this person going to be found ? " says the U.S. expat , a member of the Americans in Toulouse group . "  But walking around the city , you would n't necessarily know about it -- the streets are still bustling . " City authorities have canceled the annual carnival , which was to have taken place this week , both out of respect for the victims and their families , and because of concerns over safety . "  It 's an amazing statement from the city to say ` There 's no way we can celebrate , ' " said the U.S. expat . It seems unlikely that the city 's residents will feel like celebrating anything until the killer is caught and brought to justice -- until then , Cohadon says , a mood of "  worry and incomprehension " will continue to hang over the town .	City of Toulouse on high alert after three deadly shootings in just over a week Police hunt gunman on scooter who is thought to target members of ethnic minorities Local reporter : "  People are asking ` what will he do tomorrow ? ' " Authorities have canceled city 's carnival out of respect for dead , safety fears
CNN  -- The man who dominated Libya for more than four decades died not far from his birthplace . Moammar Gadhafi was born in the central Libyan desert south of Sirte in spring 1942 . The only surviving son of traditional Bedouin parents , his early schooling centered on religious subjects taught by a local tribal teacher . Tribal social values , together with the religious principles learned at this time , strongly influenced him for the rest of his life . Around age 10 , he enrolled in elementary school in Sirte , where he completed six grades in four years . He then enrolled in secondary school in Sebha , where , for the first time , he had access to Arab newspapers and radio broadcasts , notably the "  Voice of the Arabs " news program from Cairo . Shortly after he seized power in 1969 , a junior American diplomat serving as an interpreter for the U.S. ambassador in Tripoli noted that Gadhafi spoke excellent Arabic , like a Voice of the Arabs radio announcer . A political activist from the start , Gadhafi was expelled from school in Sebha because he was distributing pamphlets and organizing public protests critical of the ruling monarchy . He completed his secondary schooling in Misurata , and graduated from the Royal Military Academy in 1965 . Convinced that only armed might could force a change in government , he viewed military service not as a career , but as an instrument for socioeconomic and political change . In the course of his time at the academy , he created the Free Unionist Officers Movement and selected its 12-member central committee , drawing on contacts made in Sebha and Misurata . The Free Unionist Officers Movement overthrew the monarchy in a bloodless coup d'   tat on the night of September 1 , 1969 . Thereafter , the ruling Revolutionary Command Council depicted itself as a collegial body , but Gadhafi was always first among equals , directing events and dictating policy . The language of Gadhafi and the other council members was the language of Arab nationalism , guided by the precepts of the Koran and sharia , the traditional code of Islamic law , and strengthened by the conviction that only the Revolutionary Command Council spoke for the Libyan people . Over time , the Gadhafi regime created a unique form of direct democracy consisting of a nationwide system of congresses and committees designed to give the impression the Libyan people were running the government . In fact , Gadhafi , the remaining Revolutionary Command Council members , the Free Unionist Officers and revolutionary committees appointed by Gadhafi tightly controlled the political system from the start , making all important decisions . The functions and activities of the direct democracy system were regulated by law ; however , the activities of the parallel sector directed by Gadhafi and his cohorts was not in any way regulated by legal statutes . Gadhafi was a revolutionary , and initially , his regime pursued a complex , aggressive and often violent foreign policy . Beginning in the early 1980s , a series of setbacks caused him to rethink failed initiatives , and after 1999 , Libya sought to return to the international community . The Libyan agreement to pay $ 2.7 billion to the families of the victims of the Lockerbie bombing and its renunciation of weapons of mass destruction marked important steps in the reconciliation process . By 2006 , the United States had achieved full commercial and diplomatic relations with Libya for the first time in 25 years . By any measure , Gadhafi 's legacy is a negative one . Politically , he systematically destroyed civil society and banned political parties , leaving the Libyan people with no experience in democratic government . Socially , his authoritarian regime violated the most basic human rights , including freedom of speech , assembly and the press . Economically , he failed to diversify the economy , leaving the country almost totally dependent on income from oil and gas revenues . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Gadhafi , schooled in tribal values , was an activist from an early age Gadhafi was first among equals in the group that overthrew the Libyan monarchy Author says Gadhafi created shadow democracy but held on to all real power He says Gadhafi destroyed civil society , violated rights , crippled the economy
CNN  -- A Michigan man could face life in prison after he allegedly tortured and ultimately killed his girlfriend 's 4-year-old son last week for wetting his pants , prosecutors say . Brandon Joshua-Frederick Hayes , 24 , "  systematically beat " Dominick Calhoun , 4 , "  pummeling -LSB- him -RSB- with fists and kicking him " on his arms , legs and genitalia , Genesee County prosecutor David Leyton told CNN . Hayes also apparently burned the boy in the course of the torture . "  The knuckles across one hand were charred , " Argentine Township police chief Dan Allen said . "  I 've been doing this a long time , and this is the worst case of child abuse I 've ever seen , " the police chief said . "  In all respects , he was tortured . " Prosecutors arraigned Hayes on Thursday on nine charges , including one count of first-degree premeditated murder , one count of first-degree child abuse and one count of torture , which by itself carries a possible life sentence . "  Little Dominick met his boogeyman , and that was defendant Hayes , " Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell said at a news conference Thursday . CNN was unable to reach someone who could speak on Hayes ' behalf . Hayes ' motivation for his savage multiday attack on the boy was that the child "  had wet his pants , " Leyton said . "  It had happened before . " Hayes also resented the child because his "  biological father would n't pay child support , " Leyton said . Dominick 's mother , Corrine Baker , was present for at least some of the beating and tried to shield the boy from Hayes ' aggression , authorities said . "  She tried to lay on top of the child to guard the child against being beat any further , but she was beat in the process , " according to the police chief . The sequence of events that led to the discovery of the abuse began when Baker 's sister and several acquaintances came to the apartment to buy drugs from Hayes , according to Allen . After seeing Dominick 's condition , the sister alerted the boy 's paternal grandfather , who in turn contacted authorities . When emergency responders entered the apartment on the afternoon of April 11 , Dominick was "  barely alive . " EMS transferred him to Hurley Hospital in Flint , where he was pronounced brain dead . The boy was taken off life support the following morning . Dominick 's mother 's whereabouts and actions through all portions of the torture session remain somewhat hazy . The county prosecutor said his office is "  still investigating her involvement in all this . " "  She 's also culpable for putting him in the dangerous position in the first place , " he added . Baker was taken into custody on Sunday but released later . Attempts to reach her at her home Thursday evening were unsuccessful . The town police chief said Baker and her son had been brought to the attention of Genesee County Department of Child Services on several occasions . The agency did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment Thursday . It was not immediately clear whether Baker 's involvement with the child services agency predated her relationship with Hayes . The police chief said he believed Baker and Hayes had been together for about six months .	Brandon Joshua-Frederick Hayes , 24 , arraigned on nine charges They include first-degree premeditated murder , first-degree child abuse , torture Police chief on 4-year-old Dominick Calhoun : "  In all respects , he was tortured " Police still looking into role of Dominick 's mother , Corrine Baker
New York  CNN  -- Two workers at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport post office were exposed to phosphoric acid Sunday from a package that originated from China , a law enforcement official said . The package was identified after workers smelled an odor emanating from it , the official said . A hazardous response team from the FBI responded to the airport "  out of an abundance of caution , " said Peter Donald , a spokesman for the FBI in New York . The product was identified as organophosphate and secured by Port Authority police . The package was contained to the post office , and airport operations were not affected , the official said . Donald said the package "  was determined to be beauty supplies . " The two workers -- identified by another law enforcement official as Customs and Border Protection employees -- declined medical attention . Phosphoric acid is a colorless liquid with a syrupy consistency used as an acidifying agent to give colas their flavor .	NEW : Package "  determined to be beauty supplies " Two Customs employees decline medical attention , officials say The phosphoric acid was found in a package originating from China
CNN  -- Whitey Bulger sits at the defense table , awaiting his fate , looking like an old man waiting for a bus . Most defendants , certainly those facing such serious charges , try to create a good impression for jurors , donning suit and tie and looking for all and sundry a respectable guy . But each day at his trial in a federal courthouse named for a congressman that was his neighbor in South Boston , 83-year-old Whitey Bulger dons the suit of an Everyman : jeans , white sneakers , a simple shirt . He is an Everyman charged in 19 murders , and with terrorizing Boston , holding the city 's psyche hostage , aided and abetted by the FBI , for which he served as an informant for some 15 years . He insists he was n't an informant despite an overwhelming public record that shows he was one , including more than 700 pages of information he fed to a disgraced and now imprisoned FBI agent , John Connolly , who grew up in the same housing project in a neighborhood known as Southie . In Southie , loyalty was everything . Loyalty to family , to friends , to neighbors , to neighborhood . It was an Irish thing , in an Irish neighborhood . Bulger exploited that obsession with loyalty , expecting loyalty from everyone else , delivering it to no one but himself . As Bulger 's trial hurtles toward the end of its seventh week , his attorneys have spent as much time disputing something he is not even charged with -- being an FBI informant -- as they have challenging a sweeping indictment that accuses Bulger of being a vicious and venal overlord of Southie , using murder and intimidation to control a small but lucrative gang that made millions by shaking down bookmakers , drug dealers , and , when Bulger realized the FBI really had his back , legitimate business people . Bulger 's lawyers have also spent considerable time disputing charges that he strangled two women , Debra Davis and Deborah Hussey , the girlfriend and stepdaughter of his partner in crime , Steve Flemmi . They are doing what their client wants , and their client knows he is not going to be acquitted of all charges . In letters that my colleague Shelley Murphy and I obtained for our book , "  Whitey Bulger : America 's Most Wanted Gangster and the Manhunt That Brought Him to Justice , " Bulger revealed an obsession with rehabilitating an image he spent his entire criminal life constructing . That is the image of the good bad guy , the wiseguy with scruples . The wiseguy who picked up Mrs. Moakley , the mother of the future congressman , and brought her home and carried her groceries upstairs . But wiseguys with scruples do n't rat on their friends , and they certainly do n't murder defenseless women and bury them in secret graves . This is history unfolding in Boston , where Bulger is firmly established not only as the city 's most famous criminal but one of its most infamous citizens , and other citizens have been lining up at dawn to catch a glimpse of a man whose grandfatherly demeanor masks a legacy drenched in blood and secret , shallow graves . But it 's also a history lesson in that the Boston where Whitey Bulger prospered in is gone . The blue-collar people he grew up with and then exploited have been priced out of the condos and sprawling three-deckers in Southie by yuppies who have nothing in common with Bulger and his ilk . The ethnic dynamic that led the FBI to cut deals with vicious Irish gangsters such as Bulger , all in a myopic dash to get the Mafia , is gone . There is no Irish mob in Boston anymore . The Mafia , meanwhile , is a pathetic shell of itself , a handful of "  Sopranos " wannabes , reduced to sports betting and the odd drug deal , which always gets them caught . The state created the lottery to take over the mob 's real moneymaker , the number . The biggest bookie in the state is the state . At the Joe Moakley Courthouse , named for the guy whose mother Whitey used to drive home , the gallery was taken aback when Jay Carney , Bulger 's lead counsel , copped to most of the indictment in his opening statement . He admitted his client was a bookmaker , an extortionist , even a drug trafficker . That last admission was a shocker because Bulger and his apologists , including his politically connected family , had long insisted he would never profit from drugs , that he in fact kept drugs out of Southie . There was a method to what Bulger 's few remaining sycophants would consider the madness of admitting to shaking down drug dealers who peddled poison to the neighborhood . Whitey 's reasoning is pretty obvious : If he admits to all these terrible crimes , why not believe him when he says he did n't kill the women and he was n't a rat ? The problem for Bulger is that the prosecution has done a good job showing that he was a vainglorious gangster for whom reputation was everything , that his family , including younger brother Bill Bulger , the longest serving president of the Massachusetts Senate , was invested in maintaining the myth of Whitey as benevolent criminal . Whitey Bulger ca n't bear the thought that he will die and the narrative he spent so many years honing will be written by those who brought him to justice . He drove Mrs. Moakley and all the other old ladies in the projects home and carried their groceries up the stairs , damn it . Ca n't everybody see that ? The Irish consciousness is littered with the betrayal of the informer . In his letters from jail that Murphy and I obtained , Bulger said he felt like Philip Nolan , the noble protagonist in Edward Everett Hale 's short story "  The Man Without a Country , " cast to sea because he challenged his government . But Bulger is actually more like Gypo Nolan , the protagonist from Liam O'Flaherty 's great story "  The Informer , " about a man who gave up his friend and lived to regret it . The prosecution , expected to wrap up within days , has produced a parade of witnesses that include alleged victims of Bulger 's violence and a posse of his former criminal confederates , all of whom have cut sweet deals for themselves in exchange for their testimony against Bulger . John Martorano , an admitted murder of 20 , served just 12 years , in cushy conditions . In return , he implicated Bulger in 11 murders . He was a repulsive , if effective , witness . Kevin Weeks , Bulger 's protege and gravedigger , did just five years for his involvement in a half-dozen murders . When Weeks referred to his mentor as a rat , Bulger 's nice old man veil dropped . "  You suck ! " Bulger hissed . "  F**k you , " Weeks replied . "  F**k you , too , " Bulger said . This from a guy who bragged that he read Machiavelli and Kant in prison . While the exchange reduced the Southie courtroom to a Southie locker room , Bulger 's attorneys were pleased , thinking it made Weeks look like a thug , which he is . But where did he learn all this ? At the knee of Whitey Bulger . That has been the defense 's burden . Every time they succeed in showing Bulger 's former partners in crime as craven , vicious people they simply reinforce the notion that Bulger was in charge of them all . Lately , it 's been Flemmi , Bulger 's opposite number , who has held center stage . He is 79 , hard of hearing , but he has a pretty good memory . He is a degenerate , an admitted murderer of 10 , including his girlfriend Debbie Davis and his stepdaughter Debbie Hussey . Of course , he admitted it but took no responsibility , blaming Bulger , saying he went along with the plots to kill them because Bulger pressured him into it . And , Flemmi insisted , it was Bulger who strangled them , while he just watched . Again , as defense attorneys picked at Flemmi 's flaws , including his sexual abuse of his own stepdaughter , it only served to highlight the company Bulger kept . These are his buds , his homeys , and he will live with them and most likely he will die with them , except like Flemmi he will be in prison . If he does , he 'll make out better than Gypo Nolan , who was shot dead , like so many of Bulger 's alleged victims . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Cullen .	Kevin Cullen : Whitey Bulger 's worst fear is to be called in an informant Cullen : Public record shows he was a rat , but loyalty , above all else , is the Irish code Cullen : Bulger obsessed with being the good bad guy , who helped old ladies with groceries Defense burden : His friends are vile , murdering thugs , and he was in charge , Cullen says
The number of aircraft near misses more than doubled last year , but U.S. aviation officials tied the increase to new systems that report mistakes not caught previously . There were 4,394 cases in which planes came too close to one another in the year ending September 1 , 2012 -- up from 1,895 the year before , the Federal Aviation Administration said on Thursday . Forty-one events were characterized as "  high-risk events . " None resulted in accidents . The FAA had predicted an increase as it phased in a program to monitor radar and automatically report problems . The agency says it is a victim of its own success . With commercial aircraft accidents rare -- or non-existent in some recent years -- it is difficult to use accident data to identify trends . So the FAA has placed a greater emphasis on looking at "  precursors " to accidents , such as "  loss of separation " events in which aircraft come closer together than intended . "  We are covering electronically and identifying things that we never did before , " said one FAA official , speaking on condition of anonymity . The 4,394 "  losses of separation " in 2012 occurred during 132 million take-offs and landings . Put another way , that 's 3.3 incidents per 100,000 operations , the FAA said . "  If you want a measure of safety , that 's the number , " the official said . FAA has various separation standards , depending on air space and aircraft . At high altitudes , planes should be separated by at least five miles horizontally or 1,000 feet vertically . Nearer to airports , planes can be closer together . The agency said it has worked with its workforce and the controllers ' union to change the safety culture of the agency -- emphasizing collection of data over punishment . Under the new non-punitive reporting system , controllers are encouraged to voluntarily report mistakes and problems . It has buttressed that with an automated system that monitors air traffic , reporting problems to headquarters without any influence from the local facility . As a result of five different reporting systems , the number of reports grew 10-fold in 2012 . Officials said the new system makes comparisons with previous years misleading . Information collected in 2012 and 2013 will create a new baseline for meaningful comparisons in the future . Of the 4,394 "  loss of separation " incidents , the FAA said 1,271 involved cases where the planes came 34 percent closer than allowed . Of those , it characterized 1,048 as "  low risk " events , 182 as "  medium risk , " and 41 as "  high risk . "	FAA says year-over-year increase due to better reporting There were 4,394 cases where planes came too close to one another New program monitors radar and automatically reports problems
CNN  -- Following last week 's Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 disaster , the carrier says it will offer full refunds to travelers who wish to cancel their tickets , while those wanting to postpone their flights can do so without penalty . "  In light of the MH17 incident , Malaysia Airlines will be waiving any change fees for passengers who wish to make changes to their itinerary to any MH destinations , " said the airline in a statement . This includes non-refundable tickets . The airline says passengers have until Thursday , July 24 to cancel or change their tickets , valid for travel until December 31 , 2014 . Meanwhile , the airline announced that it 's retiring the MH17 flight number out of respect for the 298 people killed on the Boeing 777 , believed shot down by a missile in rebel-controlled eastern Ukraine last Thursday . As of July 25 , the new flight number for Malaysia Airlines ' Amsterdam  AMS  -- Kuala Lumpur  KUL  service will be MH19 . Though such practices are common after a fatal airline accident , they 're not mandatory . Shortly after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing in March , the carrier renamed the flight MH318 . "  There are no changes to the frequency of our services and we will continue to operate daily services between Amsterdam and Kuala Lumpur , " said the airline . Singapore Airlines apologizes for airspace tweet/FB post Since the MH17 tragedy , all flights operated by Malaysia Airlines that passed through Ukrainian airspace have been rerouted . Other airlines have taken similar precautions . "  The usual flight route was earlier declared safe by the International Civil Aviation Organization , " said Malaysia Airlines . "  International Air Transportation Association has stated that the airspace the aircraft was traversing was not subject to restrictions . " Rival airline Singapore Airlines apologized on Sunday for what many social media users said was an insensitive series of tweets and Facebook postings relating to its own flight path . "  Customers may wish to note that Singapore Airlines flights are not using Ukraine airspace , " said the post , which appeared on the airline 's Facebook page and Twitter account on July 18 . Responding to criticism of the post on its Facebook page , the airline responded : "  We are aware that our Facebook and Twitter update on Friday morning may have come across as insensitive to some . "  The post was in response to many requests from our customers who had asked for information about our flight routes for their upcoming flights with us . "  We recognize that the information could have been better communicated and we sincerely apologize if it had offended our customers and anyone else in the online community . "	Malaysia Airlines offers full refunds , waives change fees following MH17 crash Airline says daily Amsterdam-Kuala Lumpur services to continue , but it 's retiring the MH17 flight number Singapore Airlines responds to criticism of tweet/FB post concerning Ukraine airspace
CNN  Achong is struggling to push our longboat against the current of Borneo 's Batang Ai River , so we jump into the water to help him . "  Stay in the boat , " he pleads , but we ignore him . It 's dry season and every ounce of weight is a factor as the longboat 's hull scrapes the bottom of the shallow waterway . This is the only time we ignore Achong . Like other tattoo-covered Iban tribesman , he 's a master boatman and this is his territory . The Iban , once fearsome headhunters , are also expert trackers who have turned their talents to trailing one of the world 's most fascinating endangered creatures : orangutans . The ape pursuit takes us to Sri Aman Division , a remote area of Sarawak that nudges the border of Kalimantan , the Indonesian portion of Borneo . Borneo and neighboring Sumatra island are the only places the shaggy-haired red ape survives . The chances of seeing them in the wild are increasingly slim . "  There 's no guarantee , " warns Borneo Adventure in its publicity blurb for the Red Ape Trail , the safari that has brought us deep into the Asian island 's dense , steamy jungle . "  Ape numbers are about 20,000 and constantly declining due to forestry , palm oil crops and poaching . " Far more certain is searing heat , humidity of 80-100 % , slippery conditions and the possibility of leeches . "  This walk demands a great deal of physical and mental exertion , " says Philip Yong , Borneo Adventure 's co-founder . "  The region is totally isolated from the outside world . " Pampering base Fortunately there 's a soft option -- surprisingly , it involves a longhouse . Longhouses are the large jungle huts that generations of Iban and other Dayak tribes have called home . Usually built on stilts , they 're dark , communal living spaces often shared by several families . The Hilton Batang Ai Longhouse Resort in the Sarawak region of Malaysia 's portion of Borneo island takes its inspiration from traditional local homes , and translates this into luxury accommodation . Seen from its jetty on the Batang Ai , a massive man-made reservoir in the Sri Aman region , the Hilton-managed resort appears like any other longhouse in the area . Built from large chunks of belian  ironwood  , it sits amid swirls of mist on the edges of the reservoir . A huddle of pastel pink and blue painted longboats are tethered to its moorings . This will be our pre-and-post-punishment pampering base . Here we can cool off in a swimming pool -- safely out of leech reach -- and escape the melting humidity in air conditioned suites . The next morning , we head upriver . Deep in the tropical forests , we get a taste of life among the local Iban communities that have lived here , reputedly , since the 17th century . Along the Batang Ai and its tributaries , colorful longhouse settlements unfurl like streamers on the riverbanks . Rice paddies cloak surrounding hillsides in velvet green crops . "  As shifting cultivators , they always built their homes near navigable rivers , " says our guide , Mashour . "  They were designed to last as long as their exploitation of rice farming in the area , before they moved on to new pastures . " Tattooed bodies Some traditional Iban dwellings are big enough to house 20 families he adds . They 're about 200 feet long . Most are old ramshackle structures . While some Iban now live in new cement longhouses that have a generator-powered TV set or fridge , most stick to old customs . With one major exception . The Iban 's name was once synonymous with headhunting -- tribes often saved the severed heads of their human victims as trophies . The tattoos swathing their bodies bragged of their triumphs . Headhunting was largely extinguished by the British colonial regime in Sarawak in the early 20th century . It made a brief comeback during World War II when the heads of 1,500 occupying Japanese forces were paranged with glee .  Parangs are machetes , swords and other blades used across the Malay archipelago . Heads were mounted like trophies in Iban homes . The Iban have since lent their hunting skills to less grisly pursuits . In 2002 , Iban trackers helped map out the Red Ape Trail for Borneo Adventure . The trek got the backing of the UK 's Orangutan Foundation for its noteworthy conservation efforts . Today , a safari with the Iban offers one of the best chances of encountering the apes in their natural environment . Fleeting glimpses After traveling up the Delok River to Borneo Adventure 's Nanga Sumpa lodge , we head out in search of orangutan . The Red Ape Trail traces old Iban hunting tracks -- used for hunting heads as well as animals . On the four-hour walk to Genting Tunu , we stop midway for lunch by the river . Our guides , Apau and Nam , dip nimbly into the surrounding forest where , in contrast to their bloodthirsty ancestors , they use their parangs for chopping foraged bamboo shoots and edible ferns . Nam stuffs bamboo logs with the jungle greens , chicken and rice and smokes them on a riverside fire . Later , after an exhausting day of trekking through the jungle , we return to our base camp at the Hilton longhouse . At the wood paneled Nanga Mepi restaurant , we 're not so far from authentic Iban life . Lapping up the lake nightlights , we eat local fish and sago puddings , more bamboo chicken and stir-fried jungle ferns . Our encounters with the ape have been fleeting : glimpses of the world 's largest arboreal animal crashing through the trees in the distance . However , there were also opportunities for closeups at the nearby Semenggoh Wildlife Center , where apes that have been injured or illegally kept as pets are looked after before being returned to the wild . We can hardly be disappointed . We 've sensed the presence of this amazing creature in one of its only surviving habitats . Borneo Adventure , 55 Main Bazaar , Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia ; +6082245175 Batang Ai Longhouse Resort , Batang Ai , Lubok Antu , 95900 , Malaysia ; +6083584388	Once fearsome headhunters , the Iban people are expert trackers who 've turned their talents to following orangutan Hilton 's Batang Ai Longhouse Resort is modeled after traditional longhouses , but is far more luxurious The resort , on the shores of a jungle reservoir , is ideal for treks to find wild orangutan
A spectacular meteor shower delighted and awed skyward eyes over the weekend in the Northern Hemisphere . While the Geminid meteor shower has been visible in the night sky for several days , and will continue to be so for a few more , the meteors took center stage Saturday night . "  I started to see them around 11 p.m. , " Savannah of Norwich , Connecticut , wrote during NASA 's live chat of the event . "  It was really beautiful and exciting since it was my first time . " "  So cool . Never witnessed a meteor shower before , " wrote Tara from Baltimore . "  This is definitely worth going out and seeing for yourself ! " Even seasoned astrophiles marveled at the celestial display . "  I 've been watching Geminids for over 40 years , " said Barbie from South Carolina . "  This is the most spectacular I have ever witnessed . " Geminids -- so-named because they appear to come out of the Gemini constellation , explained the chat moderator -- are debris from an extinct comet called 3200 Phaethon , which was previously believed to be an asteroid , according to NASA . "  Basically it is the rocky skeleton of a comet that lost its ice after too many close encounters with the sun , " NASA said on its website . The light show comes around annually in mid-December , when the Earth encounters debris from 3200 Phaethon . Earlier in the week , NASA said the Geminids were expected to peak just before dawn Saturday "  with a predicted peak rate of 100 to 120 meteors per hour . "	Geminid meteor shower peaked Saturday night Veteran stargazer : "  Most spectacular I have ever witnessed " Annual event occurs when Earth encounters debris from extinct comet
CNN  -- The game just changed . And Beyonce just changed it . The music industry has a track record knowing how to market the extremely prolific , gifted , inspiring , highly-credited icons . They 've done it for years . There 's a formula : Put out a single on the radio first , then blanket the market with promotion , then schedule a big release party . Sure , there are the legends who have created their own vine , their sonic signature sound , their own untraceable music landscapes -- The Beatles , Stevie Wonder , Aretha Franklin , Elvis Presley and the "  King of Pop , " Michael Jackson . For those icons , the rules -- and techniques -- are a bit different . But none of them tried what Mrs. Carter just pulled off . When Beyonce surprised the entire music industry this month by releasing her latest album , "  Beyonce , " only on iTunes first -- with no warning , no other promotion , no launch parties , no advance radio play , none of the traditional pre-sale retail hype -- she showed how only a true star can break this industry glass ceiling . When it comes to business savvy , she just joined the lists of the greats . Related : Beyonce 's secret album set to debut at No. 1 The album quickly became the No. 1 seller on iTunes , moving more than 1 million copies worldwide in just its first week . And , at the same time , she also released 17 full-fledged music videos . This was no stunt . It was a smart and honest way to let the fans decide for themselves if they wanted the LP without major promotion and publicity . And , by announcing it first on Instagram to her millions of followers , it was a masterful nod to her true , loyal fans -- and they have responded in kind . No one in the music industry could have pulled this off except Beyonce . Her global fans follow her 24/7 online , on the air and on social media . And , like Michael Jackson , her stardom keeps fans anticipating her next song , her next dance move , her next fashion statement and her next signature on the dotted line . And she reset the retail music business , too . It did n't matter if retailers like Target -- who just announced their plans -- decided not to sell the LP that hit retail outlets Friday because it was released on iTunes first . Other outlets , such as Walmart  where Beyonce made a surprise appearance  , have stepped up and will sell out before they can order their next shipment . Target 's loss , Walmart 's gain . Related : Beyonce 's surprise album : What 's the verdict ? Beyonce is unique . She has shown that she is not afraid to try new things to reach greater heights , to change the game . I am curious and excited to see what she will do next . As I 've noticed on iTunes , this is just Part 1 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Teddy Riley .	Music producer Teddy Riley says Beyonce surprise release method sets new standard The industry had used a traditional formula for new releases Riley : Beyonce , however , just proved she is not afraid to try new things
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Park Geun-hye lived up to her nickname as the "  Queen of Elections " after winning the race Wednesday to become South Korea 's first female president . Park , 60 , will return to the Blue House , the official residence for the nation 's president , where she spent her formative years . She has admitted to taking inspiration from Britain 's former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Queen Elizabeth II . Throughout her campaign , Park used her gender in television campaign advertisements , signing off as "  the prepared female president . " On Wednesday night , Park smiled broadly , shook hands with supporters who chanted "  President Park Geun-hye , " and pledged "  an era of happiness . " But as the daughter of former dictator Park Chung-hee , many see it impossible to separate her present from her past . Park Chung-hee seized power in a military coup in 1961 and ruled until he was assassinated by his spy chief in 1979 . It is widely accepted he rebuilt the country from the ashes of the Korean War and sparked a dramatic economic transformation , but his methods split the country He changed the constitution to cement power and cracked down on dissent and opposition . Though Park did hold and win a number of elections during his reign , he is also accused of human rights abuses and delaying the advent of democracy in South Korea . Earlier in the campaign , Park Geun-hye spent months defending her father 's actions , insisting different times required different methods . But in September , she finally apologized to those hurt by his dictatorial rule . "  I understand that the end does not justify the means , " she said . "  And this should be a lasting value for democracy . " North Korea holds little sway in South Korea 's election Her core support was among the over-50s , those who remember her father fondly as well as his economic policies that dragged the country out of poverty . His wife , Yuk Young-soo , remains to this day the most popular first lady South Korea has seen , according to polls . Known affectionately as "  mother of the nation , " some supporters say Park resembles her mother with her frugal lifestyle and 1970s hairstyle . At a memorial service for her mother in August , she said she shares her mother 's vision of a more equal society . "  It was my mother 's dream , and her dream is now mine . " Both of her parents were killed during their time in the Blue House . Her mother was assassinated in 1974 , killed by a botched North Korean attempt to kill her father . Park stepped in as first lady until her father 's assassination in 1979 . She then withdrew from public life . Being her father 's daughter is a double-edged sword and one that Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul says she can not avoid : Will she be capable of challenging , deviating from the traditions of the heritage of her father , he asked . Park defeated liberal rival , Moon Jae-in , a former human rights activist , who was imprisoned during the 1970s for protesting against the regime of Park 's father . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	Park Geun-hye , 60 won the presidency to become first female to lead South Korea Park returns to the Blue House , where her father once served as president She drew inspiration from Margaret Thatcher and Queen Elizabeth II
It 's been a cruel irony for ancient mariners and any thirsty person who has ever gazed upon a sparkling blue ocean : Water , water everywhere , and not a drop to drink . But imagine a coastal city of the future , say in 2035 . Along with basic infrastructure such as a port , roads , sewer lines and an electrical grid , it 's increasingly likely this city by the sea will contain a newer feature . A desalination plant . Thanks to improved technology , turning ocean water into freshwater is becoming more economically feasible . And a looming global water crisis may make it crucial to the planet 's future . The United Nations predicts that by 2025 , two-thirds of the world 's population will suffer water shortages , especially in the developing world and the parched Middle East . Scientists say climate change is making the problem worse . Even in the United States , demand for water in drought-ravaged California and the desert Southwest is outpacing supply . This is why a huge desalination plant is under construction in Carlsbad , California , some 30 miles north of San Diego . When completed in 2016 , it will be the largest such facility in the Western Hemisphere and create 50 million gallons of freshwater a day . "  Whenever a drought exacerbates freshwater supplies in California , people tend to look toward the ocean for an answer , " said Jennifer Bowles , executive director of the California-based Water Education Foundation . "  It is , after all , a seemingly inexhaustible supply . " A growing trend Most desalination technology follows one of two methods : distillation through thermal energy or the use of membranes to filter salt from water . In the distillation process , saltwater is heated to produce water vapor , which is then condensed and collected as freshwater . The other method employs reverse osmosis to pump seawater through semi-permeable membranes -- paper-like filters with microscopic holes -- that trap the salt while allowing freshwater molecules to pass through . The remaining salty water is then pumped back into the ocean . Officials at the Carlsbad plant say they can covert two gallons of seawater into one gallon of freshwater by filtering out 99.9 % of the salt . There are some 16,000 desalination plants on the planet , and their numbers are rising . The amount of desalted water produced around the world has more than tripled since 2000 , according to the Center for Inland Desalination Systems at the University of Texas at El Paso . "  Desalination is growing in arid regions , " said Tom Davis , director of the center . "  We are making progress in the USA , but the countries around the Persian Gulf are way ahead in the use of desalination , primarily because they have no alternative supplies of freshwater . " Israel , in an arid region with a coastline on the Mediterranean , meets half its freshwater needs through desalination . Australia , Algeria , Oman , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates also rely heavily on the ocean for their municipal water . In the United States , desalination projects are concentrated in coastal states such as California , Florida and Texas . Some environmentalists are wary of desalination , which consumes large amounts of energy , produces greenhouse gases and kills vital marine organisms that are sucked into intake pipes . But proponents believe the technology offers a long-term , sustainable solution to the globe 's water shortages . One entrepreneur has even built an experimental solar desalination plant in California 's San Joaquin Valley . "  When other freshwater sources are depleted , desalination will be our best choice , " said Davis , a UTEP professor of engineering . California dreaming Within the United States , the water crisis is especially severe in California , which has been stricken by drought over the last three years . California 's biggest source of freshwater is the snow that falls in the Sierras and other mountains , where it slowly melts into creeks and makes its way into aquifers and reservoirs . But if the planet continues to grow warmer , snow will increasingly fall as rain and will be harder to collect because it will swell creeks faster and create more flooding , said Bowles of the Water Education Foundation . Seventeen desalination plants are being built or planned along the state 's 840-mile coastline . City officials in Santa Barbara recently voted to reactivate their desalination plant , which was built in 1991 but shut after heavy rains filled nearby reservoirs in the early 1990s . Another $ 200 million facility has been proposed for the Bay Area , although construction wo n't likely begin for several years . "  The key question with ocean desalination is how much are you willing to pay for it ? The amount of energy required to desalt ocean water can be daunting , " said Bowles , adding that operating costs at the Santa Barbara plant alone are estimated at $ 5 million per year . But advocates believe the price of desalination will continue to decrease as the process improves . This will be true of the massive Carlsbad plant , said Bob Yamada , water resources manager with the San Diego County Water Authority . "  The cost for this water will be about double what it costs us to import water into San Diego , " Yamada said . "  However , over time we expect that the cost of desalinated water will equal , and be less than , the cost of imported water . That may take 15 or 20 years , but we expect that to occur . " Ultimately , experts say , municipalities will need to balance desalination projects with conservation and water from more traditional sources , such as rivers , reservoirs and recycled wastewater . "  You ca n't get all your water from one source and have that source be hundreds of miles away , " said Peter MacLaggan , senior vice president at Poseidon Resources Corporation , which is leading development of the Carlsbad plant . "  When and if the drought does come , and you do n't have enough snowpack in the Sierras -- after 12 dry years the Rockies are seeing the impact of that today -- you 've got  water  sources here within the boundaries of San Diego County , " he said . "  We have a $ 190 billion economy in this region . It 's dependent on water to sustain that economy . So the question you need to consider , is ` What 's the cost of not having enough water ? ' " Drought-ravaged California turns to tech for help	There are 16,000 desalination plants on the planet , and their numbers are rising A huge desalination plant is under construction in Carlsbad , California When completed it will be the largest such facility in the Western Hemisphere Water expert : Ocean water is "  a seemingly inexhaustible supply "
EW.com  -- Just two weeks after plans were announced for a "  Breaking Bad " spinoff , series creator Vince Gilligan has inked a deal to create another TV show . He will join forces with "  House " creator David Shore on the police drama "  Battle Creek , " which will debut during the 2014-2015 season on CBS . The series centers on two detectives with thoroughly different world views , one cynical and one naive , who team up to "  clean up the semi-mean streets " of Battle Creek , Michigan . The project is not exactly new : Gilligan originally penned a script for "  Battle Creek " in 2002 for CBS , but the network never greenlighted it . AMC moving forward with ` Breaking Bad ' spin-off featuring Saul Goodman Gilligan and Shore are writing the updated version of the pilot , and both are serving as executive producers along with Mark Johnson  "  Breaking Bad "  . Shore will also act as the "  Battle Creek " showrunner . Sony , the studio that also produces "  Breaking Bad , " has secured a 13-episode commitment from the network before a pilot has even been shot . AMC 's "  Breaking Bad , " which won the Outstanding Drama Emmy three days ago , wraps up its five-season run on Sunday . ` Breaking Bad ' stars reveal which props they kept  or stole Gilligan is also teaming up with "  Breaking Bad " co-executive producer Peter Gould for "  Better Call Saul , " the spinoff prequel that 's built around shady lawyer Saul Goodman  Bob Odenkirk  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Breaking Bad " creator Vince Gilligan has a new deal with CBS He 'll work with "  House 's " David Shore on a police drama "  Battle Creek " The series will be set in Battle Creek , Michigan It 's expected to premiere during the 2014-2015 season
CNN  -- It was Rahul Dravid , not Indian teammate Sachin Tenduklar , that claimed the batting honors Saturday , but England remained in charge of the first Test at Lord 's . Dravid reached his first Test century at the home of cricket , while Tendulkar made 34 as he bid for his 100th century in Tests . Despite their efforts , India were bowled out for 286 and England had extended their lead to 193 by the close of the third day , having reached five without loss in their second innings . The 38-year-old Dravid was left undefeated on 103 , 15 years after he was dismissed for 95 on his debut at Lord 's . His 33rd hundred in 154 Tests and fifth against England helped India avoid the follow on . Tendulkar , who received a standing ovation in probably his final Test series in England , looked in fine touch , but eventually fell to Stuart Broad , who led England 's attack with four for 37 in 22 overs . He was well held by Graeme Swann at slip , to the delight of the bowler . "  Of course it was lovely to get Sachin but I 'd say the same about any leader of any batting line-up , " Broad told Sky Sports . England , looking to win the four-match series by two clear wins to overtake India as world number one in Tests , were further boosted when India 's leading strike bowler Zaheer Khan did not come out for the start of their second knock . Zaheer pulled his hamstring on the first day and has been receiving extensive treatment for the injury . England captain Andrew Strauss was three not out and Alastair Cook unbeaten with scoring and the pair will look to push on Sunday as they build to a possible declaration .	Rahul Dravid scores his first Test century at Lord 's Indian teammate Sachin Tendulkar fails in his bid for 100th Test 100 Tendulkar dismissed by Stuart Broad who took four wickets England lead by 193 with all second innings wickets intact
CNN  -- Simon Cowell may not recognize "  American Idol " alumna Mandisa the next time he sees her . Mandisa , who appeared on season five of "  American Idol , " has lost more than 75 pounds . The woman about whom the acerbic "  American Idol " judge once said , "  We 're going to have to get a bigger stage , " has lost 75 pounds -- and hopes to lose 100 or more . Though she has long forgiven Cowell for his snippy comments during season five about her weight , she said she still wants to lose more in part because he is a father figure for her . The last time he saw her was last season when she had lost a few pounds . He raved about how nice she looked then . "  He was very encouraging and saying how proud he was of me , " she said . "  It 's sort of like your dad who you really want to please . I want to please him and to show him that I am doing well . " Mandisa , whose full name is Mandisa Hundley , said that her faith in God has guided her new lifestyle . "  It 's more than the physical and more than what I am eating . It 's a spiritual change , " she said . "  I 've had to not turn to food for comfort and validation anymore , and that is a complete mind change . Because my entire life , that is what I have done . " She named her new album , "  Freedom , " due out March 24 , after the feeling she has gotten breaking what she calls her food addiction . It follows a successful debut CD , "  True Beauty , " of which Entertainment Weekly said , "  Plus-size powerhouse Mandisa ... realizes her considerable pipes and self-righteousness are best suited to Christian pop . " It sold more than 160,000 copies . The new album is full of catchy Christian pop tunes such as "  My Deliverer , " "  Dance Dance Dance " and "  Freedom Song , " and power ballads such as "  Not Guilty . " The song that is nearest to her heart is "  You Would n't Cry , " a tune based on a fan whom Mandisa met and corresponded with who lost her unborn child . Mandisa said that when she went to put together a CD of songs to help comfort her friend , she could n't find anything from the child 's point of view . "  I wanted to write a song about what Andrew would say to his mom about the fact that he 's in heaven , " Mandisa said . "  For people who have faced the situation where a loved one had gone to be with the Lord , I think the song will mean a lot to them . " She called "  My Deliverer " her personal testimony . In the chorus she sings : My deliverer , you rescued me from all that held me captive My deliverer , you set me free Now I 'm alive and I can live The song as a first single is "  perfect , because it 's a kind of been my story over these past few months " of her weight loss . When CNN.com first spoke to Mandisa in January , she was singing on a cruise ship .  Yes , Simon , a cruise ship .  "  I think that this is a cruise ship like no other , " she said of the K-Love Family and Friends cruise , a gathering of Christian music bands and their fans . She beamed with pride then as she described her new exercise regimen and diet . The most difficult part has been to retrain her mind to turn to God instead of turning to food , she said . She also talked about her time on the show that brought her to America 's attention . "  American Idol 's " producers gave the fifth-season contestants a speech about being themselves , saying to not pretend to be anybody other than who you are , she said . "  I do n't know that they realized that I was as vocal about my faith as I am , " she said . She was caught in controversy when an article in The Advocate questioned whether she was a proponent of the "  ex-gay " movement . She thinks her critics were too focused on her statements about not agreeing with what she calls "  the lifestyle " and missed her message of love for everyone . "  I think that we are called to love people that are different from us and that do n't agree with the things we agree with , " she said . She still watches "  American Idol " faithfully , and like many other people tuning in each week , is a fan of Danny Gokey , a 28-year-old widower from Milwaukee , Wisconsin . She said this week that he is the clear favorite but also likes 23-year-old Matt Giraud from Kalamazoo , Michigan  "  I love his voice "  and Lil Rounds , a mother of three from Memphis , Tennessee  "  I think she 's incredible as well "  . "  But I am still rooting for Danny to win , " she said . After being booted from "  Idol , " many observers thought that Mandisa had a good chance of becoming a successful R&B artist . She said she considered that path ; it was all she wanted to be when she was growing up . But she felt a call to sing Christian music . "  Christian music is the music that comes the most naturally for me , " she said . The pop world is so big , and it has been easier for "  Idol " alums who have pursued careers in country or Christian music , she said . She said she also is pretty passionate about exercising . "  There 's a feeling you get after you exercise ; it 's just unexplainable , " she said . "  It makes you know that you have done the right thing for your body . " She works out with a trainer three to five times a week , mixing cardio with muscle-building exercises . "  This is a lifestyle for me . My goal is to be healthy , " she said .	Former "  American Idol " star credits "  spiritual change " for weight loss of 75 pounds Mandisa 's second studio album is due out March 24 Singer still watches "  Idol " and says she 's rooting for Danny Gokey Mandisa says she felt called to sing Christian music
CNN  -- Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has signed into law a ban on same-sex marriage in Africa 's most populous nation . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry slammed the decision Monday . "  Beyond even prohibiting same-sex marriage , this law dangerously restricts freedom of assembly , association and expression for all Nigerians , " he said in a statement . "  People everywhere deserve to live in freedom and equality . No one should face violence or discrimination for who they are or who they love . " Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , characterized the law as a "  big setback for human rights for all Nigerians . " According to the News Agency of Nigeria  NAN  , the bill passed by the Senate at the end of last year introduces a 14-year prison sentence for people who are convicted of entering into a same-sex marriage or civil union . It also reportedly makes it an offense to administer , witness or help at a same-sex marriage ceremony . NAN said the law also forbids people from running gay clubs , societies , processions or meetings in Nigeria . The punishment for such acts is 10 years in prison , it said . And the law even states that marriages or civil unions from outside the country will be void inside the country , according to NAN . Last month , Uganda 's parliament passed controversial legislation that would make some gay acts punishable by life in prison . For the bill to become law , it would need the signature of that county 's president , who has 30 days to make a decision . Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs . Punishments across the continent range from fines to years in prison . Worldwide , a growing number of countries now allow same-sex marriage , the majority of them in Europe . The Netherlands was the first , in 2001 , and it was later joined by Belgium , Spain , Norway , Sweden , Iceland , Portugal , Denmark and France . A bill to allow same-sex marriage in England and Wales is also now law , though it is n't expected to come into force until later this year . French court rules mayors can not block same-sex marriage Argentina , Uruguay , Canada , Brazil , New Zealand and South Africa are the non-European countries in the group , according to the Pew Research Center . Same-sex marriage is also legal in some parts of Mexico and the United States . CNN 's Christian Purefoy , Marilia Brocchetto and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan signs the bill into law U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry slams the decision The law reportedly imposes a 14-year prison sentence for same-sex marriage Homosexuality is illegal in most African nations
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania man attempted to resuscitate "  a road-killed opossum , " state police say . But this was one possum who was n't playing possum -- the ugly creature remained dead . Troopers responding to the scene in Oliver Township on Thursday determined that Donald J. Wolfe , 55 , of Brookville , was drunk , according to the police report . Several witnesses observed Wolfe 's failed resurrection of the flattened marsupial , police said . It was not immediately clear how he endeavored to restore the possum 's life . The arresting officer in the incident was unavailable for comment Friday . Attempts to reach Wolfe were also unsuccessful . Wolfe will be charged with one charge of public drunkenness , police said .	Pennsylvania man fails to resuscitate "  road-killed " opossum Man will be charged with public drunkenness , police say It 's unclear what man did to try to revive the opossum
Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon , is author of the new book "  Cheating Death , " which will be published next month . This article originally appeared in the September 20 , 2009 , issue of Parade and Parade.com . Parade  -- I am going to let you in on a secret : When a person 's heart stops beating , it 's not the end . Contrary to what you may think , death is not a single event . Instead , it 's a process that can be interrupted . Sanjay Gupta says the latest CPR techniques can save the lives of vicitims of cardiac arrest . Mike Mertz knows this firsthand . On January 23 , 2008 , the 59-year-old Arizona man was driving home from work . The last thing he remembers is pulling into his complex 's driveway . Then his heart stopped . Corey Ash , a passing UPS driver , noticed a silver Saturn wedged between a palm tree and a wall , with the engine running and a person slumped at the wheel . Ash stopped to investigate . He switched off the car 's engine , pulled Mertz out , and laid him on the ground . Ash called 911 and started pumping the older man 's chest . The next few minutes would be absolutely critical for Mertz . If you had been there , standing over Mertz 's lifeless body , would you have known what to do ? A person 's life can slip away in a few minutes . Without a heartbeat , circulation slows to a halt . Blood no longer flows to the organs , and the brain is the first one to suffer . In normal times , the brain , which constitutes 2 percent of our body mass , consumes about 20 percent of the oxygen the body takes in . After 10 seconds without oxygen , the brain 's functions slow . Without oxygen or signals from the brain , other organs begin to break down . Diaphragm muscles no longer contract and release to bring in air . The kidneys stop filtering blood . At the same time , an elaborate chain reaction triggers a breakdown in cells throughout the body . Parade.com : 4 diseases you can fight with exercise Scientists and physicians are now learning that this process can be reversed . When it comes to cardiac arrest , however , the chances of surviving an episode outside a hospital are poor . Only 2 percent of victims pull through without long-term damage . The No. 1 thing that has been shown to make a difference is the action of a bystander . If a passerby jumps in and gives CPR , as Corey Ash did , the likelihood of survival rises significantly . But if onlookers do nothing , those chances drop -- fast . According to the American Heart Association , for every minute that goes by without someone attempting CPR , the survival rate decreases 7 to 10 percent . Studies have found that bystanders perform CPR in only 20 to 30 percent of cases . Researchers say it 's not because people do n't want to help -- it 's because they 're apprehensive about putting their mouths on someone else 's , especially if the person is dying . But what I 'm about to tell you may change your mind about what you can do in a situation like Mertz 's . More than 15 years ago , cardiologist Gordon Ewy and researchers at the University of Arizona 's Sarver Heart Center were puzzling over how to get more people to give CPR . To simplify the method , they wondered what would happen if they advocated performing compressions without mouth-to-mouth respiration . After running successful laboratory trials , Ewy spoke to emergency-services directors in Arizona , Wisconsin , and Missouri . They were intrigued by his findings and agreed to promote the use of compression-only CPR among people in their states . They also implemented a protocol for their paramedics and firefighters that emphasized giving chest compressions with minimal interruptions to keep the patient 's blood circulating . Parade.com : 8 ways to stay healthy The results were remarkable : Not only were survival rates for people who got only compressions just as good as those for people who got traditional CPR , they actually were better . Why was it so effective ? Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation supplies oxygen , which we need continuously . As it turns out , our bloodstreams contain plenty of oxygen at any moment . Even if we stop breathing , our oxygen levels remain normal for quite a while . If we do stop breathing , however , the sole way to make the oxygen circulate is by having someone pump our chests . In 2007 , Japanese researchers revealed the results of a massive study on bystander intervention . They looked at cases where a person  not in a hospital  suffered cardiac arrest in view of a bystander -- and with his or her heart in a rhythm that would respond to a defibrillator . The survival rate was 11 percent for those who got standard CPR -- mouth-to-mouth plus chest compressions -- before an ambulance arrived . The rate was 19 percent for those who got only compressions . The act of keeping oxygen circulating could increase a victim 's chances of surviving by as much as 70 percent . This is not a fancy technology born in a gleaming lab , yet it is one of the most significant recent breakthroughs in medicine . Because heart disease is the biggest killer in the United States , this simple act could save thousands of people 's lives every year . Like Mike Mertz 's . Shortly after Corey Ash began CPR , paramedics trained in the compression-only technique arrived . Thanks to them and to an alert bystander , Mertz survived . One day , the bystander could be you . Parade.com : 7 habits for a longer life Remember : As soon as you see someone suffer what you think may be cardiac arrest , call 911 , start giving chest compressions 100 times a minute , and do n't stop for anything . To get more information and to find classes in your area in emergency cardiovascular care , go to the American Heart Association Web site . Advances in saving hearts  Stem cells : Back when I was in medical school , I learned that any damage to the heart from a heart attack was permanent . This past summer , Mayo Clinic researchers working on mice converted adult scar cells into stem cells , which they injected into damaged hearts . The cells restored heart-muscle performance , stopped the progression of damage , and regenerated injured tissue . Scientists at Mayo tell me this will soon be tested on humans .  Drug-releasing stents : People at risk for heart disease who have a blockage in the vessels supplying blood to their hearts may undergo an angioplasty to open the vessel . Afterward , doctors often insert a stent  a mesh tube  to continue holding the artery open . The newest stents serve a dual role : They also release medication that prevents scar tissue from developing .  CRP testing : You should have your cholesterol levels checked regularly . But you might also ask your doctor about getting your C-reactive protein , or CRP , checked . It is a marker for inflammation , a powerful risk factor for heart disease . Changes in diet and exercise can usually reduce high CRP levels .	Gupta : Death is not a single event ; it 's a process that can be interrupted Without a heartbeat , circulation slows to a halt ; brain is first organ to suffer In CPR , compressions are more important than mouth-to-mouth breathing Compressions keep oxygen-rich blood circulating to brain , other organs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The military will phase out its "  stop-loss " program , the contentious practice of holding troops beyond the end of their enlistments , for all but extraordinary situations , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced Wednesday . Robert Gates said the Pentagon will pay a $ 500-per-month bonus to troops whose tours have been extended . Gates also announced at a wide-ranging news conference that the Defense Department will pay for families of fallen troops to travel to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present for the return of their deceased family members . The decision to phase out stop loss by 2011 comes in combination with an announcement that soldiers affected by the program will receive a $ 500-a-month bonus while they are in extended service . Currently , the Army is the only service that uses the stop-loss program . As of January , 13,217 soldiers had tours extended under the stop-loss policy . Gates said the change is one he has wanted to implement since he became secretary of defense . "  While these changes do carry some risk , I believe it is important that we do everything possible to see that soldiers are not unnecessarily forced to stay in the Army beyond their end-of-term-of-service date , " Gates said . The stop-loss program was put in place to ensure units remained intact during deployment . For those whose enlistment was due to end , tours of duty could be extended in the middle of their unit 's deployment . The Army used the stop-loss policy during Operation Desert Shield in 1990 and reinstated it after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Gates cited two factors as contributing to the end of the program . First , he said , "  We will be drawing down in Iraq , over the next 18 or 19 months , significantly more than we are building up in Afghanistan , in terms of the Army . " In addition , the Army has more troops to call on . Retention and enlistment are up , Gates said , and the service has reached its goal of 547,000 personnel sooner than expected . The defense secretary would not talk about details of the White House 's review of Afghanistan strategy , being conducted by the Defense Department , State Department and the White House , but he did said it has not been easy coming up with a promising new strategy . "  It 's a difficult problem and trying to come up with new approaches and new initiatives that enhance our prospects for success is hard work , " he explained . He admitted that he has been "  uncertain " about the proper direction for the Afghanistan strategy . "  I 've been very concerned about an open-ended commitment of increasing numbers of troops for a variety of reasons , including the size of our footprint in Afghanistan , and my worry that the Afghans come to see us as not their partners and allies , but as part of their problem , " Gates told reporters . Gates defended the continued hunt for Osama bin Laden , and suggested the expectation that bin Laden could be easily found is unrealistic . "  I think too many people go to too many movies . Finding these guys is really hard , especially if they have some kind of a support network , " Gates said . "  We have , I think , done some serious damage to al Qaeda over the last number of months . And everybody continues to look for number one and number two . " Gates also announced he is recommending to the president that he renominate Adm. Michael G. Mullen for a second term as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Gen. James Cartwright as vice chairman . The announcement about funding the trips to Dover comes as the Pentagon prepares to allow the media to record the return of fallen troops from overseas , if the families of the troops permit it . The media has been prevented from doing so since 1989 . "  We are committed to seeing that America 's fallen heroes are received back to their loved ones and their country with the honor , respect and recognition that they and their families have earned , " Gates said . He briefly talked about his own trip to Dover earlier this week , getting emotional as he described going to the back of the plane carrying the coffins . "  I went to the back of the plane by myself and spent time with each of the transfer cases , " he said , his voice beginning to choke up . "  I think I 'll stop there . "	NEW : Robert Gates says families of fallen soldiers will get travel aid to Dover AFB Defense secretary says accelerated recruitment hastening end of "  stop-loss " Under current stop-loss policy , troops can be retained beyond enlistments ' end Gates dismisses expectations of finding Osama bin Laden easily
CNN  -- A Wayne Rooney inspired Manchester United beat arch-rivals Arsenal 2-0 at Old Trafford Saturday to reach the semifinals of the English FA Cup . Rooney was involved in the brilliant build-up to United 's opener for Fabio da Silva in the 28th minute and scored early in the second half to clinch his side 's passage . The victory leaves the Red Devils on course for the domestic double , topping the English Premier League despite successive defeats to Chelsea and Liverpool and favorites to land the oldest cup competition in the world . They play Marseille on Tuesday bidding to reach the last eight of the Champions League with the first leg drawn 0-0 . Earlier , United 's north-west neighbors Bolton won 3-2 at Birmingham to make the last four . Lee Chung-Yong headed a 90th winner after Owen Coyle 's side had been pegged back to 2-2 by a late equalizer from veteran home striker Kevin Phillips . Bolton had taken the lead through Johan Elmander 's fine finish in the 21st minute before Cameron Jerome scored Birmingham 's first equalizer in the 38th minute . Kevin Davies converted a 66th-minute penalty to put Bolton ahead again only for Phillips to strike in the 80th minute . Birmingham were looking for the domestic cup double after beating Arsenal in the League Cup final two weeks ago . That Wembley defeat was the start of a difficult spell for Arsenal , who were beaten by Barcelona in midweek to end their Champions League hopes . United also went into the heavyweight cup clash on a poor run and Ferguson responded by making several changes and including seven defensive players in his line-up . But it paid off and one of them , Fabio , was on hand to knock home the loose ball after a Javier Hernandez header from a Wayne Rooney cross was only parried out by Manuel Almunia . Rooney 's goal in the 49th minute gave them a two-goal cushion which was needed as Edwin van der Sar made a series of excellent stops to deny Arsenal a route back into the tie . Substitute Paul Scholes played a sublime pass to hand Rooney a great chance for a second in injury time , which he spurned , but was fortunate to stay on the field after receiving a yellow card and then tangling with Samir Nasri in an ugly incident . Dutch veteran van der Sar was delighted by the victory in his farewell season . "  We got our goals , luckily I pulled off a couple of saves and we defended well , " he told ITV Sport . "  It was important of course because we lost to Chelsea and Liverpool so the gap in the league is now non-existent . " Manchester City host Reading and West Ham take on Stoke Sunday in the other quarterfinals .	Manchester United beat Arsenal 2-0 to reach FA Cup semifinals Goals from Fabio and Wayne Rooney seal United 's passage Bolton win 3-2 at Birmingham in earlier quarterfinal Saturday
People visit Jerusalem for the rich history , interwoven religious narratives and crumbling holy walls . They visit Europe for ornate churches with painted ceilings and golden trim . They visit India for peace of mind , finding serenity in its carved and colorful temples scattered along the sacred Ganges River . But people rarely travel the U.S. in search of such sanctuaries . After all , what religious wisdom could America , a country still in its youth at 236 years old , have to offer ? Although the country may not have a reputation for religious landmarks , America is home to more than just secular city halls and strip malls . Whether or not you practice a faith , visiting these beautiful and historic U.S. religious spots may provide inspiration . Bah '  House of Worship in Wilmette , Illinois This Bah '  House of Worship is one of just seven Bah '  temples in the world and is the only of its kind found in North America . It 's just 30 minutes north of Chicago in Wilmette , Illinois . Although the house of worship was created with a mixture of quartz and cement , the intricately carved temple looks as if it 's made of white lace . Like all Bah '  houses of worship , the circular temple has nine sides and is surrounded by fountain-filled gardens . The temple services members of the Bah '  faith , a religion founded in 19th-century Persia that stresses unity of all humankind . Anyone is welcome to visit the space -- its auditorium and gardens are open from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day free of charge . "  We do n't ask what your religion is -- we do n't even care , " the temple 's summer tour coordinator , Gwendolyn Clayborne , said . "  It 's a place for people to come and meditate and pray and just get in touch with their spiritual sides . " Clayborne said people are surprised such a temple , which was completed in 1953 and took more than 30 years to construct , can be found in Illinois . "  A few people from Chicago will admit it 's the best kept secret , " Clayborne said . Hsi Lai Temple in Hacienda Heights , California With its traditional Chinese design , this Buddhist temple looks like it came from the Far East . Although it was completed in 1988 , the temple 's architecture is faithful to the Ming and Ch ` ing dynasties , which ruled in China from the 14th to 20th centuries . The Hsi Lai Temple features golden tiles in its buildings , protective figurines on its roof and a peaceful courtyard at its center . A bird 's - eye view shows the building is shaped like a bodhi leaf , symbolic of the tree under which the Buddha attained enlightenment . Inside the temple , an art gallery includes both Eastern and Western paintings , ceramics , photographs and Buddhist artifacts . "  People come here and say , ' I do n't know I 'm in Southern California . It seems I am in another part of the world , ' " said the temple 's director of outreach , Miao Hsi . The temple is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day free of charge , and tours are offered on weekends . For a $ 7 donation , visitors can enjoy the temple 's Chinese vegetarian buffet . Islamic Center of America in Dearborn , Michigan Although it is a modern mosque in Michigan , inspiration for the Islamic Center of America came from venerable houses of worship in Turkey , India and other countries . With a stone-carved edifice and fiberglass dome , the mosque 's design is distinct . Inside , visitors will find crystal chandeliers , imported granite and a prayer room decorated with Islamic motifs and calligraphy of Quranic verses created by a Lebanese artist . The 65,000-square-foot facility services nearly 5,000 families in a city with one of the largest Arab-Muslim populations in the U.S. . This site has only been open since 2005 , but the Islamic Center of America has been serving America 's Muslims since 1962 . Guests often are impressed with the mosque 's beauty , but what they are most awed by is the center 's openness , said Kassem Allie , the center 's executive administrator . "  What people are kind of surprised about is we are so open to visitation and dialogue and collaboration , " he said . "  I think they think we 're a closed organization . ... They find out who we are and the fact that we have an open house . " The Islamic Center of America is open to visitors from 9 a.m. to about 11 p.m. daily and free tours of the facility can be scheduled on its website . Memorial Presbyterian Church in St. Augustine , Florida Memorial Presbyterian Church may be beautiful , but it 's the story behind the building that often touches visitors the most . The church is dedicated to Jenny Louise Benedict , the daughter of tycoon Henry Morrison Flagler , who built the church in 1889 . Flagler had always had a special place for St. Augustine in his heart , investing heavily in the city after visiting with his first wife , Mary . And when his beloved daughter died after complications from childbirth , Flagler knew the Presbyterian church he was planning to build in town would be erected in her honor . Flagler , along with Mary , Jenny Louise and his granddaughter , Marjorie , are all entombed at the church . The structure 's detailed design draws influence from the churches of Europe , including Venice 's St. Mark 's Basilica . It features wood-carved walls , stained-glass windows , a peaceful sanctuary and a prominent dome that inspires guests to lift their eyes toward the heavens . "  People walk in , and they see a little piece of Europe , " church historian Jay Smith said . "  I would n't say it rivals the European cathedrals , but it has its own unique beauty and majesty , and people are very surprised by that . " Smith said people must remember to appreciate the rich history of Memorial Presbyterian Church and the city that surrounds it . Founded in 1565 , St. Augustine is the longest continually inhabited city founded by Europeans in the U.S. Memorial Presbyterian Church is open to visitors from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Saturday , and tours of the building are conducted on weekdays . Temple Emanu-El in New York City With a sanctuary that stands 103 feet tall , 100 feet wide and 175 feet long and seating for 2,500 people , New York 's Temple Emanu-El is one of the largest Jewish temples in the world . Inside , Temple Emanu-El is full of color . The ceiling is painted and gilded , its arches are lined with mosaics of glass and marble , and there are more than 60 stained glass windows . The temple is also home to a museum that houses artifacts important in Jewish history . Completed in 1929 , Temple Emanu-El 's 5th Avenue and 65th Street location is the fifth home for its congregation , whose members have been worshiping in New York since 1845 . Mark Heutlinger , administrator of the Emanu-El congregation , said the temple and its members are an important fixture "  on the greatest street in the greatest land in the greatest city of religious freedom . " "  We are a part and parcel of the mosaic society of New York -- the quilt of cultures that represents New York City , " Heutlinger said . Admission to Temple Emanu-El is free , and it is open from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Sunday through Thursday . Palace of Gold in Moundsville , West Virginia A name like Palace of Gold comes with high expectations , and this West Virginia shrine does n't disappoint . The Indian-inspired palace is expansive , with marble floors , crystal chandeliers , stained-glass windows , wood-carved furniture and walls covered in leaves of 22-karat gold . The grounds surrounding the building feature an impressive rose garden , a fountain , thousands of different bushes and a lotus-filled lake . It 's hard to believe this exquisite palace , which opened in 1979 , was initially intended to be just a simple house . In 1973 , West Virginia devotees of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness , a Hindu organization more commonly known in the U.S. as the Hare Krishna movement , had decided to build a home for their leader , Srila Prabhupada . But when Prabhupada died in 1977 , the disciples ' course of construction changed , and they began instead to build a memorial for Prabhupada . And with that , the elaborate Palace of Gold was born . April through August , the Palace of Gold is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily , and tours are available : $ 8 for adults and $ 6 for children ages 6 to18 . From September to March , its hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. , and tours are $ 6 per adult and $ 3 per child . Salt Lake Temple in Salt Lake City , Utah Not everyone who travels to the Salt Lake City Temple is allowed inside the walls , but that does n't mean they ca n't enjoy its splendor . Only temple recommended Mormons may step foot inside the structure , which is used for special instruction and ordinances , such as celestial marriages . But the view from outside the temple is inspirational enough . The Neo-Gothic building , which was dedicated in 1893 , took 40 years to construct . Except for some of its hardware and glass , the temple was built completely of native materials . With five floors , six spires -- the tallest standing at 210 feet -- and a granite facade , the structure is definitely imposing . Salt Lake Temple is at the heart of Temple Square , three blocks containing nearly 20 attractions significant to Latter-day Saints ' life and history , such as Assembly Hall and the Salt Lake City Tabernacle . In 2011 , Temple Square saw about 2,750,000 visitors from all over the world . And for those not allowed inside the temple , a scaled model is on display in the Temple Square South Visitors ' Center , which shows off the building 's interior . Most buildings in Temple Square are open daily to the public , free of charge . St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York City Although St. Patrick 's Cathedral is n't as tall as the skyscrapers that surround it , the cathedral has an old-world grandeur that 's rare in New York . The design of this Neo-Gothic church , which features soaring spires , an elaborate marble exterior and colorful stained glass windows , was inspired by the great cathedrals of Europe . Replacing a church of the same name , St. Patrick 's Cathedral opened its doors in 1879 to help accommodate a growing Catholic population in the city . The cathedral is iconic in Midtown Manhattan , known as a place of retreat , Monsignor Robert Ritchie said . "  It 's kind of an oasis of quiet inside the hustle and bustle of the surrounding area , " Ritchie said . "  It 's a place people can go with their problems , a place where people can just go and look at some beautiful scenery , a place where people can pray . " Open from 6:30 a.m. to 8:45 p.m. daily , the church welcomes visitors . Free guided group tours can also be scheduled during weekdays .	Some beautiful and historic U.S. religious sites are scattered across the country New York 's St. Patrick 's Cathedral and Temple Emanu-El were European inspired With their exotic designs , Palace of Gold and Hsi Lai Temple seem to belong in Asia
He 's 5 months old , about 10 pounds of adorable , and he already has more than 90,000 Facebook friends . His name is Lentil , and he 's a French Bulldog puppy who has made quite a name for himself in Philadelphia by helping raise awareness of children with craniofacial abnormalities affecting the head and face , such as cleft palate or cleft lip . Lentil 's story began in February when a litter of four puppies was born in New Jersey . All the puppies had facial defects ; only Lentil survived , with a cleft palate and a cleft lip . Because of his palate problems , Lentil was unable to eat or drink on his own , and he had to be fed through a tube every couple of hours . He needed constant care , so Lindsay Condefer , a volunteer with the French Bull Dog Rescue Network of Philadelphia , stepped in to help . She began a 24/7 feeding program , making sure Lentil was getting nutrition properly and frequently . His palate was so deformed that food and liquid going up Lentil 's nose and into his lungs was a danger . The first three months of Lentil 's life were touch-and-go . Condefer says she was constantly on edge . "  In the beginning , he ate every two hours throughout , over a 24-hour period , and then as he got older , we were able to stretch it to three hours , " she explains . It was obvious Lentil would eventually need surgery , so she sought the help of doctors at the University of Pennsylvania 's veterinary school . She also started to blog about her experiences with Lentil and created a Facebook page called "  My name is Lentil , " figuring it would be a good way to create awareness of the problems cleft lips and palates cause in animals including dogs . She never thought Lentil would become so popular . "  I started the blog first just to sit and write and get all my thoughts out , to like let people know what I was feeling and going through , " says Condefer . "  And then the blog turned into his Facebook page , and I remember looking at him and thinking ... ` Wait , he has 3,000 people following him ? Oh my gosh , he has up to 10,000 ? ' " Because Lentil was so young , doctors had to wait a few months before performing his surgery . Drs. Alexander Reiter and John Lewis , both with the vet school 's Department of Dentistry and Oral Surgery , had worked on animals with cleft palates before , but Lentil 's case was special because he also had the cleft lip . The two consulted with Dr. Jesse Taylor , a plastic surgeon at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , on the best way to treat the puppy . Because Lentil 's lip was only a cosmetic problem that did not interfere with his eating and drinking , the surgeons agreed to fix just his palate . "  The cleft lip itself is more of a cosmetic surgery , " Reiter notes . "  It 's not really a necessity for patients that are not fully aware of what they look like . " Because Lentil would still have his cleft lip , the vet school wanted the pup to become part of a program it was developing where kids with certain conditions met animals with the same conditions . Lentil , the doctors felt , would be the perfect "  ambassodog " for children with craniofacial issues . "  We started to talk about how it may be beneficial to be able to allow some of our veterinary patients who were having some pretty complex craniofacial surgeries and some changes in appearance to be able to meet some children and even adults who are going through some pretty similar procedures and having to deal with some similar problems , " Lewis says . "  It 's sort of a pet therapy where people can relate a little bit more with those pets that have gone through things that they 've gone through as well . " It 's that need to relate to others that pediatric plastic surgeons such as Taylor say is important , because kids with with facial differences need to feel as normal as possible . "  Our passion is to help these children and their families become normal parts of society , " Taylor says . "  They need to be able to interact with other people on a very human level . " SInce that time , Lentil has visited hundreds of patients at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . He 's enormously popular there , and children such as hospital patient Danny Pfeiffer have bonded with him . Pfeiffer , 14 , has a genetic condition called Saethre-Chotzen syndrome , in which the skull bones fuse prematurely , preventing the skull from growing normally and affecting the shape of the head and face . He says Lentil has helped him deal with the many complications that come with facial surgeries . "  He does n't look like , you know , a regular dog , " says Pfeiffer . "  So that kind of makes him special , so it probably makes kids who have something that I have , makes them feel special . " Since his successful surgery in May , Lentil has been able to eat and drink without help . He 's already been the mascot for the Lentil Festival in Philadelphia to raise money for craniofacial awareness , and he just returned from a Children 's Craniofacial Association kids ' camp in Orlando , Florida , a gathering place for children nationwide with craniofacial conditions . Pop star Cher serves as a national spokeswoman for the group . When he is n't traveling , Lentil greets fans at Condefer 's Philadelphia pet shop . They come to thank him for his work in raising awareness . Fans call him "  the Bean " and themselves "  Beanstalkers . " Meanwhile , Lentil 's Facebook page just keeps growing . Condefer still ca n't get over her pet 's impact . "  Seeing him meet these children -- and he would just go up to them , sleep on their lap and you could see how they related to him and how he related to these children -- it was wonderful , " she says . "  He 's here for a reason , and he 's made it for a reason , and that 's what makes him special . "	Lentil , a French Bulldog puppy , was born with cleft lip and cleft palate Surgeons were able to fix his palate in May Lentil is an "  ambassodog " for kids with craniofacial issues
Tucson , Arizona , public schools suspended their Mexican-American studies program after an administrative law judge ruled it violated a new state law and the state said the local district was going to lose $ 15 million in annual aid , officials said . The Governing Board of the Tucson Unified School District voted late Tuesday to suspend immediately the Mexican-American studies department , marking a turning point in a yearlong controversy over a new state law banning certain ethnic studies . "  The district shall revise its social studies core curriculum to increase its coverage of Mexican-American history and culture , including a balanced presentation of diverse viewpoints on controversial issues . The end result shall be a single common social studies core sequence through which all high school students are exposed to diverse viewpoints , " the governing board said in a statement . "  The district shall study and bring to the board new measures designed to narrow the achievement gaps for traditionally underserved and economically disadvantaged students , " the board said . The board action came in the wake of Friday 's order by Arizona State Superintendent John Huppenthal to withhold 10 % -- or about $ 15 million a year -- of state aid to the Tucson district retroactive to August 15 , 2011 , according to a copy of the order posted on the district 's website . The state superintendent 's order was , in turn , made after last month 's ruling by an administrative law judge that found the program 's curriculum was teaching Latino history and culture "  in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner , " and upheld state officials ' findings that it violated a state law passed in 2010 . The Tucson Unified School District had appealed a decision by the law 's chief backer , then-state schools superintendent Tom Horne , to shut down the program . Horne left office at the end of 2010 , but his successor , Huppenthal , backed Horne 's ruling in June . Under the law , the state can withhold 10 % of its funding for the school district until the district changes the course . During their appeal , district officials pointed out that an audit commissioned by Huppenthal praised the program and found "  no observable evidence " that the classes violated state law . A witness for the school system argued that teaching students "  historical facts of oppression and racism " was less likely to promote "  racial resentment " -- something specifically banned by the 2010 law -- than ignoring that history . In last month 's ruling , administrative law judge Lewis Kowal said the auditors observed only a limited number of classes . He added , "  Teaching oppression objectively is quite different than actively presenting material in a biased , political , and emotionally charged manner . " Tucson educators who have challenged the constitutionality of the new law in court have defended the Mexican-American studies program as no different than African-American or Native American studies classes . Tucson school board member Adelita Grijalva has charged that the new law provided no due process and was unconstitutional . She has said the new law is part of an anti-immigrant political climate in the Arizona statehouse . At Tuesday night 's meeting , Grijalva unsuccessfully urged the board to preserve the program , saying the district should appeal , according to CNN affiliate KGUN . "  This is a group of passionate people about their education and the education of their children . This is not a militarized group that wants to overthrow the government . This is not a group that is seeking ethnic solidarity . This is a group that wants their children to understand about their culture and their role in our American history and our lives , " Grijalva said during the board meeting . Grijalva was the sole "  no " vote in the board 's 4-1 decision to suspend the program . The new schools law is the latest controversy in a state already roiled by an immigration crackdown law , known as SB 1070 , that is being challenged on constitutional grounds in federal court . The Arizona-Mexico border is considered the nation 's busiest for illegal immigration . The law authorizes the state superintendent to stop any ethnic studies classes that promote the overthrow of the U.S. government , promote resentment toward a race or class of people , are designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group or advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals .	The program is suspended after an administrative judge said it violated a new state law The state was going to withhold $ 15 million in annual aid to Tucson schools One Tucson school board member calls the new law unconstitutional
Saying that climate change ranks among the world 's most serious problems -- such as disease outbreaks , poverty , terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called on all nations to respond to "  the greatest challenge of our generation . " Kerry , speaking before college students in Jakarta , Indonesia , also criticized climate-change deniers , saying "  a few loud interest groups " should n't be given the chance to misdirect the conversation . Kerry reiterated U.S. President Barack Obama 's assertion in the State of the Union address that climate change is an undeniable fact . "  We should not allow a tiny minority of shoddy scientists and science and extreme ideologues to compete with scientific fact , " Kerry said at the U.S. Embassy 's @america function in Jakarta . Too many ecosystems such as Indonesia 's are in peril because of climate change , he said . He said Indonesia 's important fishing trade would be adversely affected , citing a study that said catches in the island nation will decline by 40 percent . Kerry recalled a meeting in Brazil where many experts described the growing problem caused by climate change . The session was in 1992 . Very little has been done sine then , he said . Opinion : Why global health security is a national priority "  It is time for the world to approach this problem with the cooperation , the urgency , and the commitment that a challenge of this scale warrants , " he said . The secretary acknowledged the role the United States plays in greenhouse gas emissions and referred to the President 's Climate Action Plan , which calls for cutting emissions by 17 percent from 2005 levels . "  That 's because we 're going straight to the largest sources of pollution , " he said . Kerry said he and Obama had no time for what he called the "  Flat Earth Society . " It will soon be too late for action to prevent the immense costs of doing nothing . People who refuse to look at the evidence and agree on change are "  burying their heads " in the sand , he said . On Friday , Obama toured a California farm hit by serious and prolonged drought . He warned that some damage to the climate had already been done and will continue unless countries "  do more to combat the carbon pollution that causes climate change . " Kerry was fresh off a Saturday meeting in China , the No. 1 producer of greenhouse gas emissions . He said the two nations have agreed to a partnership that will share "  information and policies so that we can help develop plans to deal with the U.N. climate change negotiation that takes place in Paris next year . " But , Kerry added , while industrialized countries produce a majority of emissions , other nations should n't get a free pass . He called on Indonesians to push their government to change policies . The United States will help , too , he said . He announced $ 332 million in funding through the Green Prosperity program to help Indonesia tackle unsustainable deforestation and support clean-energy projects . The United States has also forgiven some of Indonesia 's debt in a debt-for-nature swap in exchange for forest conservation . The World Wildlife Federation estimates that half of Sumatra 's forest cover disappeared from 1985 to 2008 . The government has halted the cutting of virgin forest , also known as primary forest . "  With Indonesia and the rest of the world pulling in the same direction , we can meet this challenge , the greatest challenge of our generation , and we can create the future that everybody dreams of , " he said . Opinion : After year one , John Kerry 's a surprise success	Secretary of State John Kerry says climate deniers are supported by shoddy science He says little has been done since the 1990s when scientists first spoke of the problem U.S. giving Indonesia more than $ 300 million in aid to reduce deforestation Kerry says China agrees to framework for discussions on how to deal with climate change
CNN  -- An Indiana man told police he "  messed up " by killing a woman in Hammond , then came clean , leading them to several more bodies in nearby Gary , Hammond Police Chief John Doughty said Monday . Doughty stopped short of calling Darren Deon Vann a suspected serial killer , but left the possibility open if police are able to connect the convicted sex offender to any of the six women found in Gary over the weekend . "  If we directly attach him to it , we can make that assumption , " he said , adding that Vann 's statements lead authorities to believe there are "  possible other victims . " Some cases may date back 20 years , based on what Vann has told police , the chief said . Text messages would be Vann 's undoing , Doughty said . Vann , 43 , ordered a prostitute through the backpage.com site serving Chicago and arranged a Friday meeting at a Motel 6 in Hammond with Afrikka Hardy , 19 , the chief said . The person who arranged the meeting , whom Doughty described only as "  a facilitator , " later texted Hardy and received "  suspicious texts " she believed were from Vann , the chief said . She and another person went to the motel to check on Hardy , according to a probable cause affidavit . They found her body in a bathtub . Using a phone number provided by the facilitator , police electronically tracked Vann down , the chief said . A search warrant obtained for the vehicle police believe Vann drove to the motel as well as his home yielded a number of items that connect him to the scene , according to the affidavit . The search turned up clothing similar to the clothing worn by a man captured on surveillance video leaving the motel room , the same brand of condoms found inside the room and a cell phone that matched the description of Hardy 's . In addition , Vann was wearing a shirt with a missing button . A button was found inside the room where Hardy was killed . The police affidavit said the shirt Vann was wearing when police questioned him matches the button from the room . Vann told police he "  messed up " and expressed surprise that he was found so quickly , Doughty said . "  He admitted his involvement in the Hammond incident " and began leading police to other bodies in Gary , Doughty said , adding that at this point , Vann is charged in only Hardy 's death . According to the affidavit , police found signs of a possible struggle in the motel room : a broken fingernail on the floor and the beds moved away from the headboards . A former boyfriend of Hardy remembered her as a terrific person and friend . Michael Moore said they had dated in high school and continued to keep in touch . "  She was a really loving person . She was very funny , very outgoing . She always was pretty lively , " he said . "  It 's crazy because , I mean , she was really -- she was an amazing person . " Seven women total Police found three bodies at three abandoned houses in Gary early Sunday morning , and later that night were able to find three more bodies , one at a new location and two at one of the places where bodies were found earlier Sunday , Doughty said . Hardy and three other women have been identified . Doughty and the Lake County Coroner 's Office identified two of the women as Teaira Batey , 28 , and Christine Williams , 36 . Earlier Monday , Chelsea Whittington , a spokeswoman for Gary Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson , identified the other two as Hardy and Anith Jones , 35 , of Merrillville , who had been missing since October 8 . Only Jones had been reported missing , Doughty said . The coroner 's office said Williams and Hardy were strangled to death . The coroner listed two of the Jane Does as homicides but did n't elaborate on the cause of death . Doughty declined to say how the other five women died . As for a motive , Doughty told reporters , "  I do n't have a specific reason he does this . " The Gary homes where the bodies were stashed were all within a 5-mile drive of each other . Vann cooperated , gave police descriptions and accompanied officers to certain locations , the chief said . Asked why Vann chose to cooperate , Doughty said he wanted to cut a deal with prosecutors but did n't provide further details . "  It was just something he wanted to do . That 's all I can say , " he said . A man living next door to where one of the bodies was found told CNN affiliate WSBT that he believes the crimes occurred recently . "  Somebody had to come in there like last week or something , because  Northern Indiana Public Service Company  and the water company were there turning off the power and stuff , so there was no one in there , " Justin Jones said . Vann has a record The Indiana-born Vann is a convicted sex offender from Austin , Texas , police said . Records show he was arrested on unspecified charges while living in Cherry Point , North Carolina , in 1993 . He was convicted of aggravated rape in 2009 from a 2007 case , the Austin Police Department said in a statement . After serving five years in jail , he left for Indiana in June 2013 , police said . Vann is not a registered sex offender in Austin . The police department there said detectives would be conducting a review of potentially related cases , asking anyone with information to contact its missing person and homicide cold case units . Vann also had a conviction in Lake County , Indiana , that was "  not in the sex offender category , " Freeman-Wilson said . Court records show Vann was accused of breaking and entering and intimidation in 2004 . "  He certainly was cooperative . He led  police  to the locations of these bodies . Whether he was eager or not , I 'm not in a position to say that , " she said . Several police agencies are now working the case , which could grow larger and expand to at least one other state , the mayor said . CNN 's Miguel Marquez , Marina Carver , Chuck Johnston , Ronni Berke and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	A motel crime scene showed signs of a struggle , police say Suspect Darren Deon Van , 43 , was convicted of aggravated rape in 2009 Indiana authorities have found seven women 's bodies since Friday ; Vann is in custody The suspect 's confession led to the other possible homicide victims , police say
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has urged India to scale back troop deployments along the countries ' shared border in order to ease regional tensions following last month 's massacre in the Indian city of Mumbai . An Indian border guard stands on duty at the India-Pakistan Wagah Border Post crossing . Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said in a statement made to state television Tuesday that India should withdraw its security forces to peacetime positions and deactivate air bases near the border . In return , Pakistan would pull back its troops as well , Qureshi added . But India 's External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee took issue , saying New Delhi had n't done anything to escalate the situation between the nuclear-armed neighbors . "  We have not escalated any tension between India and Pakistan , so where is the question of de-escalating it ? " Mukherjee told reporters . An Indian army spokesman denied Saturday that any troop mobilization was taking place but told CNN that the army was watching the situation closely . But Pakistani authorities insist they have information to show Indian troop movements along the border . Reports on Friday that Pakistan had redeployed military resources on its eastern border with India raised concerns last week . An official in Pakistan 's Foreign Office said Pakistani troop movements were in response to Indian troop movements and any scale back would follow the right signals from India . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said a Pakistani official told him 20,000 soldiers had been moved from the Afghanistan border toward the Indian border . That amount , he said , was not significant , as Pakistan has a very large army . Singh said no communication had been received from Pakistan about troop movements , but added that the Indian army was always on alert . India accuses Pakistan of harboring militant organizations and claims 10 attackers involved in last month 's Mumbai attacks trained at a terrorist camp in the Pakistani-controlled part of Kashmir . Militants launched a coordinated strike against luxury hotels , a Jewish center and other targets in Mumbai beginning November 26 , killing 160 people . India has criticized Islamabad for not doing enough to counter terrorism , and it has accused elements within the Pakistan government and military of complicity in fueling terrorism in the region . Since the division of the subcontinent in 1947 , India and Pakistan have fought three wars , including two over the disputed territory of Kashmir -- now wracked by an 18-year , bloody separatist campaign that authorities say has left at least 43,000 dead . There also was a limited border conflict in 1999 between the countries in Kashmir . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Pakistan calls on India to withdraw troops from border amid growing tensions India denies troop mobilization ; says it is monitoring situation closely Pakistan says it has information showing Indian troop movements along border Pakistan official : 20,000 soldiers moved from Afghan border to Indian border
CNN  -- With thousands of jobs lost in the manufacturing sector and some of the highest unemployment rates in the country , the Midwest has taken an especially hard hit during this economic recession . Jobs are available in Wisconsin 's brewing industry , according to CNN affiliate WKOW . In December , the Midwest posted the second-highest regional unemployment rate in the country , at 7.5 percent , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . Michigan , Indiana and Illinois all were in the top five states for total job losses . But , as CNN 's affiliate stations report , there are some bright spots in the picture these days for Midwestern job seekers . Nursing , brewing and transportation promise to bring new jobs to the region . And , like elsewhere , government jobs have taken on a new air of stability in part because of the economic stimulus package . Nursing Dawn Jarvis , of Indiana , became tired of the ups and downs of the real estate industry . So she decided to seek a career in nursing . "  It does n't dry up like real estate , " she told CNN affiliate WRTV , of Indianapolis . "  You can take it with you wherever you go . " The station reports that nurses on average make upwards of $ 30 per hour . As America 's population continues to age , health care is expected to be in increasing demand . The Indiana Health Care Association told WRTV that Indiana has the greatest need for nurses of any state . "  We have the highest vacancy rate for long-term care RNs -LSB- registered nurses -RSB- in the country , and it 's significantly higher than other states , " association president Stephen Smith told the station . "  One of the top professions over the next 20 years is going to be nursing and the health care field in general because of the aging of the population . " Read more about nurses in Indiana from WRTV Brewing If you ever wondered what will happen to Wisconsin 's brewing industry in this sober economy , Carol Nolen has a question for you : "  What better thing to do than come home at the end of the day and enjoy a beer ? " the president of Capitol Brewery asked CNN member station WKOW . And for a person coming home at the end of a long day of job searching , perhaps even more so . The brewing industry is doing well as others tank , WKOW reports . All of the news from the industry is n't sterling . Some brewery stocks are down on the year , including those of SABMiller , the company that brews Miller products , the station says . But overall , WKOW reports that breweries are making money and keeping people employed . Read more on the brewing industry from WKOW Transportation Being a school bus driver may not be the sexiest of jobs in the world . But it 's better than being unemployed , Ron Reynolds told WISC in Madison , Wisconsin . Driving schools in the area are full , and transportation companies , which normally have trouble filling their rosters , are awash with interest from applicants who seem to be more qualified than in years past , the station reports . Jerry Klabacka , director of Diesel Truck Driving School , told WISC that the industry is hiring truck drivers now , but that could change if companies slow their shipments of goods . The transportation industry in Madison "  is recession-proof in the standpoint that it always needs people , " he said . "  However , when production goes down in this country , so does freight . " For now , WISC reports that the local transportation sector in the area is seeing "  unprecedented growth . " Read more from WISC Government Damian Givens attended a recent job fair hosted by the U.S. Census Bureau in Greenwood , Indiana . He told WRTV that it 's "  refreshing " to know that someone is offering jobs . The bureau , which takes a detailed survey of the American public every 10 years , plans to hire 900 people in the area by April 1 , and another 1,000 employees next year , the station reports . All of those jobs pertain to the bureau 's 2010 survey . Workers will be paid between $ 11 and $ 13 an hour , WRTV says . Since the turnout at the jobs event in late February was n't high , the Census Bureau is still expecting applicants . Watch a WRTV video from the jobs event "  We think there will be a lot more people , because jobs are hard to come by -- and the census is going to offer that opportunity for people , " Dennis Sturdevant , of the Census Bureau , told WRTV . Chocolate In Anderson , Indiana , the chocolate maker Nestle is getting headlines for its decision to take a manufacturing plant back up to full capacity this week . "  The plant , which makes and distributes Nesquik and Coffee-Mate , has added hundreds of new jobs to a community desperately in need of positive economic news , " WRTV reports . Nestle announced it would expand the plant by 880,000 square feet and had 100 more jobs , the station says . Originally , the chocolate maker had planned to add 300 jobs . Indiana 's governor touted the 100-job expansion as a success in hard times . See a photo of the plant and read more from WRTV "  In a worldwide recession , this company is growing ... is succeeding against all those odds , " Gov. Mitch Daniels said during a tour of the plant , according to WRTV .	The Midwest has been hit hard in the recession , but some jobs are available CNN affiliates : Offbeat industries like brewing and chocolate making are faring well Nursing and health care are also seen as stable WRTV : The Census Bureau , which recently hosted a job fair , is hiring in Indiana
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigerian gunmen on Sunday released 12 sailors who ship was attacked two days earlier off the country 's coast , a spokesman for the Nigerian military said . Pirates had boarded a German-flagged ship off the coast of Nigeria on Friday night and took the foreigners hostage , the country 's military said . The attack took place about four nautical miles off Bonny Island , said Lt. Col. Timothy Antigha of the military Joint Task Force  JTF  in the Niger Delta . He did n't release any details on the pirates , only saying they are "  criminals . " One sailor was wounded in the attack and left on the boat , he said . The kidnappers later abandoned the ship and it was retrieved by the Nigerian navy . The freed sailors were on their way to Bonny Island , where their ship is currently anchored off the coast of the southern Nigerian state of Rivers . Earlier , Antigha had said he did not know the nationalities of the abducted sailors or whether the pirates had demanded a ransom .	NEW : Gunmen release their 12 hostages Attack on German-flagged ship takes place Friday off Bonny Island One sailor is wounded in the attack Pirates had abandoned ship
CNN  -- Syrian security forces have summarily executed at least 101 people , including civilians , since late 2011 in attacks on cities and towns , Human Rights Watch said in a report released Monday . The report "  documents the involvement of Syrian forces and pro-government shabeeha militias in summary and extrajudicial executions of defecting soldiers , opposition fighters and opposition supporters , as well as civilians who appeared to have had no part in the confrontation with the authorities other than being residents of opposition strongholds , " according to the human rights organization . The 25-page report , "  In Cold Blood : Summary Executions by Syrian Security Forces and Pro-Goverment Militias , " was based on more than 30 interviews with witnesses to the executions , Human Rights Watch said . While it was not possible to verify the exact numbers of victims of such executions , the organization said it had documented 12 cases in Idlib and Homs governorates involving at least 101 victims since December 2011 . Human Rights Watch said it had received reports of other incidents , but only included in its report incidents where eyewitnesses were interviewed . "  At least 85 victims were described by witnesses as residents who did not take part in the fighting , including women and children , " the report said . "  In a desperate attempt to crush the uprising , Syrian forces have executed people in cold blood , civilians and opposition fighters alike , " said Ole Solvang , emergencies researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  They are doing it in broad daylight and in front of witnesses , evidently not concerned about any accountability for their crimes . " International human rights law "  unequivocally prohibits summary and extrajudicial executions , " the organization said . Many of the reported executions took place last month . On March 11 and 12 , for instance , 47 people -- mostly women and children -- were killed in three neighborhoods in the city of Homs , the report said . Also March 11 , 13 men were killed at the Bilal mosque in Idlib , according to Human Rights Watch . And on March 3 , 25 men were executed during a search and arrest operation in the Sultaniya neighborhood in the city of Homs . "  In these cases , Syrian security forces , operating alone or together with pro-government shabeeha militias , captured and executed people who were trying to escape as the army took over their towns , shot or stabbed people in their homes as they entered the captured towns , or executed detained residents while conducting house searches , " the report said . One resident of Homs ' hard-hit Baba Amr neighborhood , identified in the report as "  Louai , " a pseudonym , reported his brother and four of his neighbors were executed on March 2 . The army first entered his neighbors ' house , he said , dragged the four men outside , and killed them with knives in front of their families . The soldiers then entered Louai 's house and shot at him and his brother as they raised their hands , he reported . Louai was injured and his brother was killed . In addition , at least 16 opposition fighters were shot at point-blank range by Syrian forces after they had been captured or wounded . The report raises "  concerns that the army had adopted a policy , official or unofficial , of executing opposition fighters , " Human Rights Watch said . In one case in Idlib governorate , an opposition fighter , his leg injured by machine-gun fire , "  was lying on the street and we could not rescue him , as the army was firing and shooting at our position , " a second fighter told Human Rights Watch . "  He was twisting with pain and could n't escape . "  Then a tank approached ; around 15 soldiers in military uniforms surrounded our comrade and started insulting him and kicking him , " the anonymous fighter said . "  They were shouting to us that we should surrender or they would kill him . Then they put a black cloth around his eyes , handcuffed him and one of them finished him with an  assault rifle  . When they left , we buried him in the graveyard in the village . " Other witnesses reported finding bodies that appeared to have been sexually violated , and some said they had heard accounts of women being raped in towns taken under the army 's control , according to the report . The organization called on the United Nations Security Council "  to ensure that any UN mission mandated to supervise the six-point plan brokered by the UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan would be in a position to document such crimes . " The Security Council should refer the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court , Human Rights Watch said . It appeared doubtful Monday whether the Syrian government would follow through on its pledge to withdraw troops from cities nationwide . The Syrian Foreign Ministry said Sunday it would not commit to pulling forces only to have "  armed terrorist groups " attack . The Syrian government has consistently blamed violence in the country on "  armed terrorist groups . " But U.N. and other world leaders have said the government is lethally cracking down on dissidents seeking true democracy and an ouster of President Bashar al-Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for 42 years .	The Human Rights Watch report is based on interviews with eyewitnesses Many of those killed are women and children , the group says The deaths are "  a desperate attempt to crush the uprising , " researcher says
CNN  -- The two major parties in Georgia each claimed victory in the nation 's historic parliamentary elections as officials worked through the night to count the ballots . The ruling United National Movement and the Georgian Dream Coalition both said it would win a majority of seats in the new 150-member body . Billionaire businessman Bidzina Ivanishvili , who leads the underdog "  Georgian Dream " alliance , claimed exit polls showed his alliance would win 100 seats . President Mikheil Saakashvili conceded his rivals would win most of the seats apportioned by vote percentages but said he expected his group would gain most of 73 seats decided by majority vote . In Georgia , voters pick a candidate for their district and also vote for a party list . Polls closed at 8 p.m.  noon ET  and results were expected Tuesday . An official from the Georgian Central Election Commission said that 61 % of eligible voters took part in the election . Both sides poured large amounts of money into the election . The government 's Central Electoral Commission has been professional and independent , however , said Lorne Craner , president of the International Republican Institute , a U.S. congressionally funded democracy support organization . "  There 's no question in my mind ... the election commission can be relied upon . " "  But the question is will everyone stay calm when the results come out , " Craner , who is in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi , added . Observers : Georgia opposition may be premature in declaring victory The result will affect the structure of political power in the southwest Asian nation , and the role of the presidency -- almost nine years after the Rose Revolution brought Saakashvili to power . The new parliament will be elected as the country prepares to usher in constitutional changes that will go into effect once Saakashvili 's term ends in 2013 . The new system , according to Thomas de Waal , an expert on Georgia and senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington , will shift power from the president to a prime minister . "  The prime minister will be chosen by parliament , which thus hands important powers to whichever political force obtains a majority in parliament in the October 1 elections , " de Waal said . "  Parliament will be the main body running Georgia , so it will be a much more diluted power , " Saakashvili said . "  There will no longer be a strong man or stakeholder of power and I think that is a fair system because in democracy there are checks and balances for different people . " Until recently , Saakashvili and the United National Movement have controlled much of political life in this country of 4.5 million people and has been praised by U.S. and European officials for making progress in the fight against corruption and continuing economic reform . The evidence can be seen in gleaming new skyscrapers . But critics , who have coalesced into the "  Georgian Dream " alliance led by Ivanishvili , say reform is only skin-deep , charging that Saakashvili is pulling all the levers of Soviet-style "  administrative measures . " They have raised concerns about a level playing field for the opposition during this election , alleging harassment and limitations on their access to the media . High stakes in polarized election For his part , Saakashvili refers to the opposition leader Ivanishvili as that "  big money guy . " The president accuses Ivanishvili of wanting to "  buy the whole system , " and sees the hand of Russia behind him , with which Georgia fought a brief but bitter war four years ago . The president said he is concerned with the amount of wealth that Ivanishvili made in Russia , and that that money is being used to influence the elections . "  We know what Russian money is all about , " he said . "  How it was made , what kind of methods were used , and certainly it is a source of concern , " he said . Those charges are false stereotypes , Ivanishvili told CNN in a phone interview from the Georgian capital , Tbilisi . A self-made businessman who made his money in Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union , Ivanishvili left Russia shortly after Vladimir Putin came to power . His staff confirms his status as Georgia 's richest man , with a fortune estimated at approximately $ 6.4 billion , equal to almost half of Georgia 's economic output . "  It 's not money and wealth which is my capital , " he said . "  It 's trust from the people toward me . Money has nothing to do with this . " The billionaire said he has sold all his Russian assets , and defended his reputation . But the president insisted that not only the opposition leader but Putin himself is trying to undermine Georgia . "  Vladimir Putin said clearly that he is interested in the Georgian election outcome . He clearly said that he wanted the Georgian government out . He clearly said that he wanted me to be physically destroyed , he said it publicly , " Saakashvili said . Georgia 's electoral waters have been roiled by a shocking video that emerged last month showing abuse in a Georgian prison , including one male prisoner being sexually assaulted . The opposition claims the video is proof of a repressive system put in place by Saakashvili and his government . Former Georgian prison guard : I witnessed abuse for years Saakashvili said his government acted quickly and decisively to the video , citing an investigation that has led to arrests . "  Not only were the immediate perpetrators arrested , " he said , "  but two government ministers resigned because they shared political responsibility for allowing the system to fail . " Read more : Georgia interior minister quits over prisoner abuse videos The torture shown on the video is no accident , but part of a system that is in shame , Ivanishvili said . De Waal said the video is significant , as the prison population quadrupled over the last eight or nine years . "  I do think it  the video  supports the opposition narrative that the government is arrogant and unaccountable , and this is obviously a war of two narratives over Georgia that we 're seeing in this election , " he said . Ivanishvili complained that opposition supporters have been arrested , beaten and had property seized , but nevertheless , "  we still hope we will be able to achieve something close to a democratic election ... we hope that the process will be carried out at least close to the democratic fashion . " Still , incidents of violence are possible , he said . Read more : Country profile : Georgia Georgia experts , too , point to the nation 's political volatility because it is so polarized . If such polarization is institutionalized through a vote , it can be healthy , but when it 's not it can create a dangerous and unpredictable environment , said Cory Welt , associate director of the Institute for European , Russian and Eurasian Studies at George Washington University 's Elliott School of International Affairs . "  We 've seen the clash of the titans , " said de Waal . "  We 've seen the clash of two very big figures in Georgian politics , Saakashvili and Ivanishvili , who do not want to share power . They both are claiming total victory , and this , obviously , will have some impact in the U.S. , because both sides will be looking to the U.S. and calling on the U.S. to be arbiter , which is rather an unrealistic thing to happen , but I think Washington 's going to have to brace itself for those calls . " Journalist Elene Gotsadze contributed to this report .	NEW : Election workers counted ballots as the two main parties each said it would take power Constitutional changes mean the new parliament will have more influence Georgia politics are highly polarized , analysts say The U.S. and Europe has praised reforms under President Mikheil Saakashvili
CNN  -- On my first visit to Italy , at the age of 18 , I fell in love with the country and its amazing history almost at first sight , as I and my friends sailed across the lagoon on the ferry to Venice . When we returned and found our camper van had been emptied out by thieves , I felt a little less enamored , to say the least . This was my first glimpse of the split personality of a country that is expressed nearly 40 years later in the title of my 2012 book , "  Good Italy , Bad Italy , " and is the theme of the new film I have just narrated for the Italian director Annalisa Piras , "  Girlfriend in a Coma " . Yet what I did n't realize then , as a  fairly  innocent teenager , was quite how significant Italy 's history is for the whole of the West . The greatest case study , or cautionary tale , comes from Venice itself . In medieval times La Serenissima , as Venice is known , became the richest and most powerful city-state in the Mediterranean . It was run by a quasi-democratic "  grand council " , made up of the merchants who were making the city rich , an elite that was open to newcomers if they had new ideas and new energies . But in the 14th century the elite decided to close its doors to newcomers , allowing in only those related by family to the old guard , and nationalizing trading rights . The decline of Venice began with that decision . Italy today is like a huge re-run of that sad Venetian story . During the 1950s and 1960s , the country was Europe 's own "  emerging economy " of the period , enjoying the third fastest average annual GDP growth rate in the world during those decades , beaten only by Japan and South Korea . It was helped by the global move towards freer trade and by the early European Union , but also by its own then very dynamic society and economy . New , entrepreneurial companies were formed , new ideas blossomed ; Italy became a pioneering center for design , for cinema , and for fashion , and the migration of millions of workers from the poor south to the industrializing north provided the factories with labor at a competitive price . But then old demons came back to haunt Italy . The sharp polarization , combined with fear , between left and right that was a legacy of the fascist period of Mussolini from 1917 to 1943 , returned first in the form of a huge wave of strikes in the late 1960s and early 1970s , and then in a deadly form of political violence . Nearly 500 people died in shootings , bombings and other tragedies during the decade and a half from 1970 as extremists on both left and right fought a running battle . As well , sadly , as taking part in the violence , governments responded by trying to buy social peace -- first by implementing a very restrictive labor law which had the effect of making the law courts the principal arbitrator in industrial disputes ; and second by an explosion of public spending  and thus borrowing  chiefly on pensions and a national health system . Public pensions became the main form of unemployment insurance , as unwanted workers were permitted to retire early and draw pensions . But public debt became the main albatross around Italy 's neck as governments ran budget deficits that in 1975-95 averaged  yes , averaged  almost 10 % of GDP each and every year . The result : a pioneering crisis of sovereign debt and a foretaste of the crises now roiling the eurozone , as Italy 's debt load reached 120 % of GDP in the early 1990s and sent the country into near bankruptcy . That financial crisis , in the course of which the Italian lira was ejected from Europe 's pre-euro exchange-rate system  along with Britain 's pound sterling  coincided with a huge political crisis , as corruption investigations brought crashing down the parties that had dominated Italian politics for the past 40 years . The crisis brought talk of a new start , a "  second republic "  to succeed the first , formed with the postwar constitution in 1945-48  and even a renaissance . In the interim , governments led by so-called technocrats  a professor , a governor of the Bank of Italy , an ex-diplomat  were brought in to make reforms and give the country a much needed "  reset " before normal politics would be resumed . It did n't happen . Hence , 20 years later , Italy finds itself in yet another crisis , one that looks eerily similar . The country 's sovereign debt is -- you guessed it -- 120 % of GDP . A mix of financial crisis and scandals brought down the long-running government of the media billionaire Silvio Berlusconi , while also discrediting establishment politicians of all parties . In November 2011 a technocrat , the economics professor and former European Commissioner Mario Monti , was brought in to stabilize the country 's finances , make reforms and give the country a "  reset " before normal politics commence again after the upcoming elections . It is too soon to say that the "  reset " -- or , to use a broader metaphor , the upgrading of Italy 's cultural , political and economic software -- will fail again . But it can be said that progress has been slow and disappointing . Prime Minister Monti succeeded in stabilizing the public finances , but at the cost of a deeper recession than in all other eurozone economies except Greece and Spain . Beyond that , however , no major reforms have been implemented -- so the justice system remains painfully slow , the labor laws still discourage hiring while leaving millions of young people on poorly paid temporary contracts , competition remains overly restricted , too many markets are over-regulated , meritocracy remains stunted , corruption remains rife , and the huge cost of politics and political privileges has been left unchanged . These tasks all remain for whichever coalition succeeds in forming a government after the elections . They should , however , have been done during the previous 20 years . Some progress in liberalizing markets was made , but not enough to stop Italy 's GDP growth rate during 2001-10 from being the 180th worst in the world , just ahead of Haiti 's . Why not ? Resistance from entrenched interest groups has been strong . Berlusconi 's entry into politics in 1994 was essentially designed to obstruct change , to preserve his quasi-monopolistic businesses , and to ensure the old political ways could continue . On the left , suspicion of capitalism has remained rife , trade union powers have been maintained more successfully than in Germany or even France , and the use of political patronage to build power networks and reward supporters has helped destroy meritocracy . The big question , however , is why Italians have allowed this to happen . The answer in our film , "  Girlfriend in a Coma " , is taken from Italy 's , and arguably Europe 's , greatest ever poet : Dante Alighieri . In his "  Divine Comedy " of the 14th century , the sin he condemned most vigorously was "  ignavia , " by which he meant sloth -- the failure to take responsibility , the failure to show moral courage and to change things . That is the coma that filmmaker Annalisa Piras and I diagnose as the Italian condition : economic stagnation , yes , but also a failure of consciousness and responsibility , which is in effect a moral failure . Umberto Eco , the philosopher and novelist , adds a further explanation in the film . Italians , he says , "  do not have a sense of the state . " They had and respected a very powerful state in Roman times but that collapsed . The only states that have successfully replaced it since then have been the city states of Venice , Florence and elsewhere , which produced great riches and even the Renaissance of art , science , humanism and culture of the 15th century , but never achieved a set of stable , respected , still-less national institutions . To get Italy out of its coma , its second crisis of 20 years , new governments will have to work hard to fix that problem . To make sure they do so , Italians will need to shed their ignavia and to become more active and demanding -- not in their sectional or local interests , but in the national interest .	Bill Emmott : "  Good Italy and Bad Italy " represent spit personalities of troubled country In 1950s , Italy was Europe 's "  emerging economy " and a pioneering center for design Old demons , including corruption and bloated public pensions , nearly bankrupted Italy Today Italy 's biggest problem is the country 's refusal to take responsibility and change
Kevin Clash , the puppeteer who provides the voice of Elmo on "  Sesame Street , " resigned Tuesday after a man filed a lawsuit accusing him of conducting an underage sexual relationship . The lawsuit was filed in a New York court Tuesday , a week after another accuser recanted his claim that Clash , now 52 , engaged him in underage sex . "  I am resigning from Sesame Workshop with a very heavy heart , " Clash said in a written statement Tuesday . "  I have loved every day of my 28 years working for this exceptional organization . Personal matters have diverted attention away from the important work Sesame Street is doing and I can not allow it to go on any longer . I am deeply sorry to be leaving and am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately . " The Sesame Workshop also issued a statement announcing his resignation . "  This is a sad day for Sesame Street , " it said . When heroes disappoint our kids In the lawsuit , Cecil Singleton alleged that Clash "  persuaded , induced , coerced or enticed " him to meet for sexual encounters when he was 15 years old . "  Kevin Clash preyed on vulnerable teenage boys , like Cecil Singleton , to satisfy his depraved sexual interests , " attorney Jeff Herman said . "  By coming forward now , Cecil hopes to spare the lives of others like him and to begin his own healing process . " The suit seeks $ 5 million in damages from Clash , alleging that Singleton "  suffered severe injuries , including but not limited to mental , psychological and emotional trauma . " The earlier accuser -- who never filed a lawsuit -- issued a statement through a lawyer last week saying he "  wants it to be known that his sexual relationship with Mr. Clash was an adult consensual relationship . " The man , now 23 , had told Sesame Workshop in June that he started a relationship with Clash as a teenager , according to the workshop , which announced that a thorough investigation found "  the allegation of underage conduct to be unsubstantiated . " When the first accusation emerged , Clash acknowledged a relationship between "  two consenting adults " but said the man otherwise was making a "  false and defamatory allegation . " "  I am a gay man , " Clash said in a statement . "  I have never been ashamed of this or tried to hide it , but felt it was a personal and private matter . " From the archives : Surprising stories behind 20 Muppet characters The lawsuit alleged that Singleton , then 15 , began communicating with Clash when he called a gay chat line seeking friends in 2003 . "  During these telephone calls , Kevin Clash persuaded , induced , coerced or enticed Cecil Singleton to meet him for sexual encounters , " the complaint said . Clash "  groomed Cecil and gained his trust by , among other things , taking him to nice dinners and giving him money , " the suit said . The two met "  on numerous occasions over a period of years " and engaged in sexual activity , the suit said . Clash is the high-pitched voice of the iconic furry red Elmo , whom he 's been playing since 1984 , winning Emmy Awards along the way . He was the third Muppeteer to take on the role . Clash also was Sesame Street 's senior Muppet coordinator and Muppet captain , the "  Sesame Street " website says . A documentary , "  Being Elmo , " focused on his story . In an interview previously posted on the website of NYC Dads , an initiative of New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , Clash spoke about how he worked to spend time with his daughter , who lives with his ex-wife outside Baltimore . Sound off on iReport with your reaction	"  Kevin Clash preyed on vulnerable teenage boys , " the accuser 's lawyer says "  I am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately , " Clash says Suit claims Clash "  persuaded , induced , coerced or enticed " a 15-year-old into sex encounters It was filed a week after another accuser recanted a similar claim
Chicago  CNN  -- Rahm Emanuel , the former chief of staff to President Barack Obama , won the Chicago mayoral election over five other challengers Tuesday , topping the 50 % threshold to avoid a runoff vote , CNN projects . With almost 75 % of the vote counted , Emanuel had almost 55 % of the vote , far outdistancing his rivals . Former Chicago School Board head Gery Chico was in second place with 25 % , while City Clerk Miguel del Valle had 9 % and former U.S. Sen. Carol Moseley Braun had more than 8 % . The other two candidates both had less than 2 % . Speaking to supporters Tuesday night , a buoyant Emanuel praised outgoing Mayor Richard M. Daley , saying it would be "  a tough act to follow , " then spoke to problems facing the nation 's third-largest city , which is dealing with an unexpected $ 654 million city deficit , possible reforms to the city 's pension system and rising crime . "  What makes this victory most gratifying is that it was built on votes from every corner of this city , " he said , touching on an overall theme of unity . "  It 's easy to find differences , but we can never allow them to become divisions . " Saying his administration will be dependent "  on the plural pronoun , ` we , ' " Emanuel said , "  We know that we face serious new challenges , and overcoming them will not be easy . " Emanuel also said he had spoken earlier in the evening to Obama , who extended his congratulations . During his campaign , Emanuel proposed a series of tax cuts , as well as increasing levies for luxury services , drawing the ire of some of his opponents , and he alluded to them again Tuesday night , when he said he would work toward a balanced budget "  and a playing field that is fair . " Tuesday 's vote was a nonpartisan election , though the city is heavily Democratic , and the top job has long been so associated with the Daley family . Richard M. Daley has been mayor since 1989 , and his father , Richard J. Daley , held the post from 1955 to his death in 1976 , making them the two longest-serving mayors in the city 's history . Emanuel , 51 , previously served three terms as a congressman , was a key aide to President Bill Clinton and worked as Obama 's chief of staff . He assembled a well-organized campaign operation , canvassing the city to deliver a series of high-profile campaign speeches as well as making 357 informal stops to meet voters -- 229 at various community locations , such as schools , grocery stories and churches and 110 at subway stations . Emanuel also hit the airwaves with a series of ads , buoyed by a large war chest , that touted his record and connections with Obama and Clinton while attacking his opponents . For much of the campaign , Emanuel fought off an accusation that he was not a legal resident of Chicago and therefore could not run . The accusation stemmed from the renting of his house when he joined Obama 's White House in 2009 . Emanuel maintained he never gave up his residency and defended himself at an election board hearing in December , which lasted almost 12 hours , even listing what possessions he had kept in the home : his wife 's wedding dress , the family china , photo albums , a bed , a piano and a stereo , and was asked specifically where they were stored : in a storage area in the basement . After a series of conflicting rulings the state Supreme Court ruled unanimously Emanuel 's name should be on the ballot . His opponents also accused Emanuel of being a Washington insider who avoided answering questions about some of his controversial moves . "  He is a pathological evader of the truth , " Chico said Monday . For his part , Emanuel seemed to try to stay above the fray as the front-runner . "  They can say whatever they want , " he said Monday . "  It does n't matter what anybody says or what they say about me because if we do n't turn this city around it is going to be harder for their kids . That has been my focus from day one . " Emanuel , well-known for his colorful personality and past demonstrations of anger , stayed low-key throughout the campaign . He exploited the popularity in Chicago of the presidents he served , having Clinton come to town and stand next to him at a high-profile event last month , and running television and radio ads using some of Obama 's laudatory words during an event when Emanuel confirmed his resignation . Emanuel also used questions regarding statements from his opponents to tout some of the achievements he helped usher in while working in the White House : putting more police officers on the street , gun measures , the Wall Street reform bill and health care reform .	NEW : Rahm Emanuel pledges to tackle "  serious new challenges " in Chicago Former aide to President Barack Obama gets over half of vote to avoid a runoff Former Chicago School Board head Gery Chico is in second place Emanuel will succeed Richard M. Daley , who held the office since 1989
CNN  -- Facing widespread outrage over the National Rifle Association 's response to the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre , the group 's president Thursday tried to clarify , saying that schools should decide for themselves how to protect their children . "  Some will want police officers there . Others of them will want private security guards , " David Keene said in an exclusive CNN interview . "  There may be some place they want volunteers to do it . We 're willing to work with everybody on those questions . " The nation 's largest teachers union liked some of Keene 's comments , but said the NRA is ignoring crucial points to prevent school shootings . Keene 's interview came nearly a week after NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre addressed media -- but did not take questions -- and said that all schools in the United States should immediately have armed officers . That is the only way , LaPierre said , to prevent another massacre like that at Sandy Hook Elementary , which left 20 children and six adults dead . On December 21 , LaPierre called for armed officers in "  every single school " and said that action should be taken before children return to school at the start of the year . "  I call on Congress today to act immediately to appropriate whatever is necessary to put armed police officers in every single school in this nation and to do it now to make sure that blanket safety is in place when our kids return to school in January , " he said . LaPierre continued , "  Before Congress reconvenes , before we engage in any lengthy debate over legislation , regulation or anything else , as soon as our kids return to school after the holiday break , we need to have every single school in America immediately deploy a protection program proven to work , and by that I mean armed security . " Read transcript of LaPierre 's statement On Thursday , Keene took questions about LaPierre 's statements , which were heavily criticized , even by some NRA members . The NRA boasts 4 million members . "  Whether an individual school wants that kind of protection or does n't want that kind of protection is really up to the individual school , " Keene said . "  And when we made that statement , when Wayne LaPierre spoke about a week ago , he suggested that what has to happen , and what should happen , is in every school district , administrators , teachers and parents should sit down and ask what 's needed to protect the students in that school . " Keene seemed to be broadening the NRA 's position by encouraging wider discussion , said Mo Canady , executive director of the National Association of School Resource Officers , a nonprofit nonpolitical group that trains armed officers in schools . But Canady is alarmed that the NRA thinks "  armed guards " in school is a solution . In his nationally televised address on December 21 , LaPierre said armed guards should work in school like they do at "  airports , office buildings , power plants , court houses , even sports stadiums . " "  We want some clarification on what he means by armed guard , " said Canady . "  An officer working in a school has to work with students , be engaged in the school day , develop relationships with students . They must be trained to do that , to be involved . " "  We feel that could create more problems than it solves , " he said . While talk continued , in Utah teachers were learning how to shoot . The Utah Shooting Sports Council and the Utah-based website opsgear.com are offering a free shooting class this week to teachers . The "  Safe to learn Safe to teach " class is free and lasts for six hours , just as extensive as a routine conceal-and-carry training course in the state . The course covers how to handle a firearm , how to carry it and maintain it , and provides information about Utah and federal handgun laws . Council chairman Clark Aposhian explained why be believes teachers should learn to fire weapons . "  When we talk about more guns , are more guns the answer ? Who do you think they call and why do they call the police when something like this happens ? " he said on CNN Thursday . "  Because they know the police will show up with their guns . The only problem is the police show up a little too late . They have lots of guns and equipment and man power , but just a little too late . "  The first responders at Sandy Hook and in Columbine were the teachers themselves , who put their lives in front of these shooters , " he said . "  Let 's not disarm these folks . " Teachers in Utah have had guns in the classroom for years , he said . "  This is not new for Utah . You just have n't heard about it before , " Aposhian said . "  Teachers have been carrying firearms in locked drawers for 12 years now . And my opponents will say the dire predictions were going to be that every argument between a teacher and student would result in gunfire . "  That has n't happened . We have n't had accidental shootings . We have n't had guns left behind . And we also have n't had any -LSB- school -RSB- gun shootings . " But there are some who oppose the idea . Former special education teacher Cassie Stoneman told CNN affiliate KSL that having a firearm at school makes her nervous . "  I would be terrified that one of my students would find my weapon and bring it out , " she said . Armed guards , too , are not an absolute solution either , said the National Education Association , an influential teachers ' union with 3 million members . To argue otherwise "  denies the tragedy at Columbine , " NEA President Dennis Van Roekel told CNN , reacting to Keene 's interview . "  They had armed guards and it did n't stop the tragedy . " An armed guard watching Colorado 's Columbine High School in 1999 was unable to prevent the slayings . The county sheriff 's office released an account explaining why . "  At Newtown , the doors were locked , " Van Roekel added . "  They had a buzzer . They did everything right . " Canady said that the push for armed , trained police officers in American schools goes back to the 1950s . But an effort to put guards in schools was federally funded during the Bill Clinton presidency . School-Based Partnership grants in the 1990s paid police agencies to send officers into schools in order to reduce school-related crimes such as drug dealing or alcohol use on campus . The grant program awarded more than $ 17 million to 155 agencies in the late 1990s , according to the U.S. Justice Department . The program has not been funded recently . While Van Roekel agreed that it might be wise to return to that , guards in school can not be the only solution . "  Keene 's statement includes good things and neglected points , " he said . "  The part about how everyone needs to sit down is a good point . What 's missing is there are other solutions that should be addressed , including metal health and common sense laws that keep guns out of the hands of people that should n't have them . " Van Roekel believes there must be a debate over banning large ammunition magazines like the kind Adam Lanza used to mow down his victims at Sandy Hook Elementary . LaPierre , at least , seems hesitant to consider that . He appeared on NBC 's Meet the Press a few days after he gave his December 21 statement to reporters . Banning magazines , LaPierre said , is "  not going to make any kid safer . "	NRA President David Keene says there should be discussion first about arming schools Executive VP Wayne LaPierre said last week that schools should arm "  immediately " Discussion comes after massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary in Connecticut Teacher 's union welcomes NRA idea for broad-based discussions
CNN  -- Singapore 's economy shrank by 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 , the Ministry of Trade and Industry said Thursday , as it forecast the economy would contract between 2 and 5 percent this year . Boats ply under a bridge near the financial district of Singapore . Compared to a robust growth of 7.8 percent a year earlier , the economy grew by 1.1 percent for the whole of 2008 , the ministry added . It called Gross Domestic Product growth prospects for 2009 "  weak ... on account of the pessimistic global economic outlook . " All major sectors , except for construction , business services and information and communications , saw contractions , the ministry said . The ministry cited a decline in private sector investments and private consumption expenditure for dragging down total domestic demand . Declines in global demand for electronics products , pharmaceuticals and chemicals were also likely to weigh on the manufacturing sector .	Singapore 's economy shrinks by 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 Government forecasts economy will contract between 2 and 5 percent this year Economy grew by percent in 2007 , but only 1.1 percent for the whole of 2008 Construction , business services , information , communications avoid contractions
When you 're a patient , you trust you 're in good hands , but even the best doctor or nurse can make a mistake on you or someone you love . "  Mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country that we 're just not catching , " says Dr. Albert Wu , an internist at Johns Hopkins Hospital . Medical errors kill more than a quarter million people every year in the United States and injure millions . Add them all up and "  you have probably the third leading cause of death " in the country , says Dr. Peter Pronovost , an anesthesiologist and critical care physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital . The harm is often avoidable , and there are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things right . Here 's a list of 10 shocking medical mistakes and ways to not become a victim : 1 . Mistake : Treating the wrong patient  Cause : Hospital staff fails to verify a patient 's identity .  Consequences : Patients with similar names are confused .  Prevention : Before every procedure in the hospital , make sure the staff checks your entire name , date of birth and barcode on your wrist band .  Example case : Kerry Higuera 2 . Mistake : Surgical souvenirs  Cause : Surgical staff miscounts  or fails to count  equipment used inside a patient during an operation .  Consequences : Tools get left inside the body .  Prevention : If you have unexpected pain , fever or swelling after surgery , ask if you might have a surgical instrument inside you .  Example case : Nelson Bailey 3 . Mistake : Lost patients  Cause : Patients with dementia are sometimes prone to wandering .  Consequences : Patients may become trapped while wandering and die from hypothermia or dehydration .  Prevention : If your loved one sometimes wanders , consider a GPS tracking bracelet .  Example case : Mary Cole 4 . Mistake : Fake doctors  Cause : Con artists pretend to be doctors .  Consequences : Medical treatments backfire . Instead of getting better , patients get sicker .  Prevention : Confirm online that your physician is licensed .  Example case : Sarafina Gerling 5 . Mistake : The ER waiting game  Cause : Emergency rooms get backed up when overcrowded hospitals do n't have enough beds .  Consequences : Patients get sicker while waiting for care .  Prevention : Doctors listen to other doctors , so on your way to the hospital call your physician and ask them to call the emergency room .  Example case : Malyia Jeffers 6 . Mistake : Air bubbles in blood  Cause : The hole in a patient 's chest is n't sealed airtight after a chest tube is removed .  Consequences : Air bubbles get sucked into the wound and cut off blood supply to the patient 's lungs , heart , kidneys and brain . Left uncorrected the patient dies .  Prevention : If you have a central line tube in you , ask how you should be positioned when the line comes out .  Example case : Blake Fought7 . Mistake : Operating on the wrong body part  Cause : A patient 's chart is incorrect , or a surgeon misreads it , or surgical draping obscures marks that denote the correct side of the operation .  Consequences : The surgeon cuts into the wrong side of a patient 's body .  Prevention : Just before surgery , make sure you reaffirm with the nurse and the surgeon the correct body part and side of your operation .  Example case : Jesse Matlock8 . Mistake : Infection infestation  Cause : Doctors and nurses do n't wash their hands .  Consequences : Patients can die from infections spread by hospital workers .  Prevention : It may be uncomfortable to ask , but make sure doctors and nurses wash their hands before they touch you , even if they 're wearing gloves .  Example case : Josh Nahum 9 . Mistake : Lookalike tubes  Cause : A chest tube and a feeding tube can look a lot alike .  Consequences : Medicine meant for the stomach goes into the chest .  Prevention : When you have tubes in you , ask the staff to trace every tube back to the point of origin so the right medicine goes to the right place .  Example case : Alicia Coleman 10 . Mistake : Waking up during surgery  Cause : An under-dose of anesthesia .  Consequences : The brain stays awake while the muscles stay frozen . Most patients are n't in any pain but some feel every poke , prod and cut .  Prevention : When you schedule surgery , ask your surgeon if you need to be put asleep or if a local anesthetic might work just as well .  Example case : Erin Cook Do you have a personal story to tell about a medical mistake ? Share it in the comments section below .	Expert : Medical errors kill more than 250,000 people in the United States yearly "  Mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country , " says top doctor There are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things right
CNN  Recently , my younger daughter left her class project , a time capsule , at the door so I would see it the minute I got home . Her project was n't due for a month , and she took it upon herself to start it and finish it . I beamed at her great work ethic . If the story ended here , I would proudly say I am one of those parents who is totally comfortable with the whole "  letting my kids fail " concept , but alas , there is more . You see , even though my daughter worked hard to create a unique time capsule -- complete with a slipper , miniature soccer and basketball , chess set , Pokemon cards and cordless phone -- I worried that the other kids , probably with help from their parents , would have much more elaborate and highly constructed time capsules . Plus , I thought my daughter did n't quite complete the assignment . She wanted to bring the project in the following morning . "  I put my heart into it , " she told me . ` Brutally Honest ' : Is it OK to spy on your kids ? No-brainer , right ? But no , I was torn between not wanting to crush her spirit and making sure her project was viewed positively by her teacher and peers . I think you can probably guess which feeling won out . She brought the project in after the weekend -- and only after I had her re-read the assignment and add decorations and information . There is no doubt in my mind she was prouder of her work before I meddled . Why on earth did I do such a thing ? Many of us good , well-meaning parents are scared of our children "  not being right all the time " and are motivated by a desire to buck up our kids ' self-esteem when we 're actually doing more harm than good , according to Jessica Lahey , author of the upcoming book "  The Gift of Failure : How the Best Parents Learn to Let Go So Their Children Can Succeed , " which will be released in August . Lahey , who has spent more than a decade teaching middle and high school students , has become somewhat of an expert in this area , after her article "  Why Parents Need to Let Their Children Fail " in The Atlantic back in January 2013 went viral . ` Brutally Honest ' : Is it OK to be naked in front of your kids ? The article included an unforgettable anecdote : Lahey called a parent to inform her that her child would be punished for plagiarism only to learn from the mother that she , not her daughter , wrote the entire paper . Sure , an extreme case , but an example of what many parents do , thinking they are actually helping their children . "  Every single time we turn around and say , ` I 'll just do that for you ' or ` Here let me help you with that , ' we are saying to them , ' I do n't think you can do that for yourself , ' " said Lahey , who is also a columnist for The New York Times and a contributor to The Atlantic and Vermont Public Radio . "  And that is really damaging over time . We create a really helpless culture of kids so that now when I talk to college professors , they say these kids show up to college unable to handle anything on their own . " The research backs up just how dangerous our inability to let our children stumble and figure things out on their own can be for them as young adults . A 2013 study in the Journal of Child and Family Studies found that helicopter parenting can lead to anxiety and depression in college students , and decreased feelings of autonomy and competence . ` Brutally Honest ' : When is to OK to leave your teen home alone overnight ? Another investigation , this one led by the University of Arizona , found that adults who were overparented have an exaggerated sense of entitlement , and more doubt about their ability to overcome challenges . The study also found that helicopter parents have dependent and neurotic kids . Why do we do it ? Part of the reason we step in , says Lahey , is because we want our kids to love us . "  We want to feel needed and so when we take that homework assignment to school for them and rescue them , we feel we get to check that box off today . ' I was a good parent , ' " said Lahey . She writes in the book about her own struggles , how one morning , her younger child , who is now 11 , worked really hard on his homework assignment and then left it on the coffee table . "  And I took to Facebook  and wrote  ` Just for those of you who think this is easy for me , that homework assignment is sitting there on the table . ' " ` Brutally Honest ' : What if you do n't like your kids ' friends ? She did not take the homework to school , as at least one member of her Facebook community suggested she do , and was on "  tenterhooks " all day , she said . "  But he came home at the end of the day and he 's like , ` It 's fine . I talked to my teacher , ' " said Lahey . "  Giving kids the opportunity to problem solve when something goes wrong , there 's nothing better than that and when we take that away from them , it 's a real tragedy . " ` Brutally Honest ' : Mean girls are getting younger Debate over what ` fail ' means In conversations with parents across the country , there was definite disagreement over just what letting a child fail means and just how far a parent can take it . "  I think when you use the word ` fail ' you alienate a lot of people , " said the children 's television host Miss Lori , a mom of three . "  I believe in allowing my children to stumble . " Teaching them how to get up again is enormously important , said the social media strategist and Babble.com contributor . "  But fail , not so much , especially in school . Our education system is already failing them in most cities . Their school resume is too important and they have too few years to amass it . " Allowing kids to "  fail " has different meanings to parents , says Vicki Hoefle , author of "  Duct Tape Parenting : A Less is More Approach to Raising Respectful , Responsible , and Resilient Kids . " "  And this is where some of the confusion comes in . Allowing your first-grader to fail a spelling test because they did study is much easier for a parent to deal with than allowing your eight-grader to fail science because he chose not to study and will have to repeat the class over the summer , " said Hoefle , whose newest book , "  The Straight Talk on Parenting , " will be released in April . Why Facebook parenting can backfire Balance is key , says Avital Norman Nathman , a mom of an 8-year-old in Northhampton , Massachusetts , who blogs at The Mamafesto . We should n't always let our kids "  hang out to dry , " but we also need to realize part of our desire to see our kids succeed is our own ego . "  We see our successes in our own children so when we allow them to fail , that also kind of reflects on us ... and so it 's uncomfortable but we need to get there because otherwise we 're going to have these helpless kids who either feel incredibly entitled and who would want that , or helpless , they do n't know how to do things for themselves , " said Norman Nathman , editor of the motherhood anthology "  The Good Mother Myth : Redefining Motherhood to Fit Reality . " If we 're hurting our kids , how do we stop doing it ? In many ways , it 's so much easier not to let our kids fail , parents say . Cecily Kellogg of Philadelphia remembers when her 8-year-old joined their local Junior Roller Derby team . In the middle of the first practice , she skated over to her mom shaking and crying because she felt she was slower than everyone and did n't know the moves . She wanted to leave immediately , but her mom refused to take her home . Her daughter was clinging to her , but Kellogg pried herself away and left her to her coaches . The next practice her daughter still felt embarrassed and ashamed she was n't an expert but agreed to go inside the rink only after her mother left . "  Boy oh boy , did I want her to quit . Both times I walked away from her , it was one of the hardest things I 've ever done , " said Kellogg . "  Now ? She 's absolutely crazy about roller derby and loves it . Ca n't wait to go each week . " Kellogg says the experience was not just about allowing her daughter to "  fail " and learning the "  hard way she was n't going to be the very best at what she did without practice . " It was also about "  pushing her to keep going without letting her quit . " Lahey says her biggest piece of advice for parents is to move away from any focus on the end results , namely grades and test scores . Let your kids make up their short-term goals , she suggests , which could include everything from making more friends at school to cleaning their room seven days in a row to making the roller derby team . "  If ... they do n't achieve them , that 's OK , yes , they failed at something . They failed to achieve their goals , but what are the consequences ? It 's nothing . " Do you think it 's OK to let children fail ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	In ` Brutally Honest ' series , Kelly Wallace tackles provocative parenting questions An article on why parents should let their children fail went viral in January 2013 Studies : Helicopter parenting can lead to more depressed and less confident adults
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- The announcement that Accenture has decided to end its marketing relationship with Tiger Woods -- now that the superstar is making headlines for his infidelity and sudden break from the sport of golf -- is raising larger doubts about the strategy of relying on celebrity endorsers . Why would any firm center its marketing efforts on an athlete , particularly in today 's media landscape in which a celebrity 's missteps are so easily captured and disseminated via gossip and social-networking Web sites ? Would it not be better for firms to shy away from aligning themselves with celebrity endorsers ? While the strategy is inherently risky -- endorsers are people , after all , and people make mistakes -- and while Accenture 's decision to cut ties with Woods is probably justified given the circumstances , in general , the rewards of relying on endorsers very likely far outweigh the risks . Endorsers often create tremendous value for the companies that rely on their services -- that is why the best endorsers are so richly compensated , and why most top athletes in America make more money from sponsorships than from salary or winnings . Marketers of brands that employ the services of celebrities will know that few promotional strategies can impact the bottom line as much as -- and as quickly as -- forming an alliance with a celebrity . In a recent study in which I analyzed hundreds of athlete endorsements , I found that sales for brands in a variety of consumer-product categories jumped an average of 4 percent in the six months following the start of an endorsement deal , even after controlling for advertising expenditures and other factors that could be expected to drive up sales . Several brands saw sales rise with more than 20 percent after teaming up with an endorser . And important to managers , the strategy seemingly helps to differentiate brands from their competitors , which did not experience any spillover of increased sales . The study , co-authored with Jeroen Verleun , even showed that the stock market favorably responds to athlete endorsements : On the day such a deal is announced , the endorsed firm 's stock can be expected to increase nearly a quarter percent . And illustrating the payoff of betting on a winning athlete , stock prices further increase every time the athlete secures a major victory , such as a PGA championship . In fact , athletes with a strong track record emerged as particularly effective endorsers in the study in almost all possible respects . Why do celebrity endorsements work as well as they do ? One obvious explanation is that celebrities help firms to tap into their fan base . They open new markets . Consider tennis star Maria Sharapova , one of today 's most sought-after -- and , as our research shows , most effective -- endorsers : The mere fact that Sharapova promotes fashion label Cole Haan may encourage her most devoted fans to visit its shops , allowing Cole Haan to perhaps attract a younger and more diverse demographic . A second , more subtle , explanation is that endorsements trigger sales by reassuring consumers of the quality of the endorsed brand . Consumers often can not easily assess the true quality of products , at least not before they consume them . But seeing a celebrity attaching his or her name and good reputation to a product may help alleviate some of their uncertainty . Consciously or unconsciously , they might trust , say , Sharapova to endorse Prince tennis rackets only if those products truly are of premium quality . After all , Sharapova herself would be at risk of damaging her reputation if that were not the case . A third possibility is that an alliance with an endorser can convey important information about an attribute that helps differentiate a brand from its competitors . This is particularly helpful for attributes that are hard to explain , demonstrate , or measure . Canon 's reason for turning to Maria Sharapova was her reputation as someone who plays aggressively but with precision , and who has a sense of style -- exactly the kinds of attributes it hoped to emphasize in marketing its line of PowerShot cameras . This is probably where the partnership between Accenture and Tiger Woods went south . Judging by its advertising campaign over the years , the global consulting firm relied on Woods to emphasize attributes such as its strategic focus and discipline  "  Strategy 80 % . Exit Strategy 20 % "  ; the payoffs of its risk-taking behavior  "  Go On . Be a Tiger "  ; and its ability to recover from setbacks  "  It 's What You Do Next That Counts "  -- precisely the kind of values that may be difficult to communicate under the current circumstances . So it is understandable that the firm decided to cut ties with Woods in order to limit a negative impact on its reputation . However , now that the company has responded , we should not lose sight of the bigger picture : Any short-term negative effects are very unlikely to outweigh the strong benefits the company experienced during its six-year relationship with the golfer . Marketers who rely on athlete endorsers know they can be in for a rocky road -- their allied partners can suffer from injuries , a loss of form , scandals , rumors , and a range of other woes -- and they need to adapt accordingly . But do n't expect firms to cut back on the strategy altogether , as endorsers on the whole generate considerable value . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anita Elberse .	Tiger Woods endorsement deal highlights risks of relying on a celebrity to sell products Anita Elberse says her research shows firms using endorsers generally reap big gains She says sales increase and endorsements can boost a firm 's stock price Endorsements reassure customers about quality of products , she says
Top members of the computer hacker group "  Anonymous " and its offshoots were arrested and charged Tuesday after a wide-ranging investigation used the help of a group leader who was working as a secret government informant . Five of the suspects , considered by investigators among the "  most sophisticated hackers in the world , " were arrested in the United States and Europe and charged in a Manhattan federal court over their alleged role in high-profile cyberattacks against government agencies and large companies , according to an indictment . A sixth man , Hector Xavier Monsegur , a notorious hacker known as "  Sabu , " pleaded guilty in August to computer hacking and other crimes . As part of his plea deal , Monsegur cooperated with government investigators and helped build a case against the five other defendants , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Ryan Ackroyd , 23 ; Jake Davis , 29 ; Darren Martyn , 25 ; and Donncha O'Cearrbhail , 19 , have been charged with conspiracy regarding attacks against Fox Broadcasting Co. , Sony Pictures Entertainment and the Public Broadcasting Service , or PBS . O'Cearrbhail is also accused of hacking into the personal e-mail account of an Irish national police officer and eavesdropping on a conference call between Irish police , the FBI and other law enforcement agencies about ongoing investigations into Anonymous and other hacker groups . The suspect allegedly recorded the call and disseminated the recording to other hackers . Jeremy Hammond , 27 , was charged with a December cyberattack against a Texas firm called Strategic Forecasting Inc. , which authorities say might have affected about 860,000 people . O'Cearrbhail and Martyn are from Ireland , and Hammond is from Chicago , the indictment said . Ackroyd and Davis are from Britain . Monsegur , 28 , in August pleaded guilty to 12 counts of computer hacking and other crimes . Known as a "  rooter , " the New York City resident identified vulnerabilities in a variety of computer systems and then passed along that information to other hackers . Monsegur and others have claimed responsibility for cyberstrikes between December 2010 and June 2011 that included denial of service attacks against the websites of Visa , MasterCard and PayPal . A denial of service  DoS  attack typically involves the use of a large number of computers to bombard websites with phony requests for information , causing the site to temporarily shut down . Dubbed "  Operation Payback , " authorities say the credit card and PayPal attacks were prompted by the firms ' refusals to process donations to WikiLeaks , an organization that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information . The group 's website has released thousands of classified diplomatic cables as well as confidential -- and , at times , controversial -- messages about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Authorities say Monsegur also hacked or launched DoS attacks against computer systems operated by the governments of Tunisia , Yemen , Algeria and Zimbabwe . Beginning in December 2010 , the indictment said , Monsegur , Ackroyd , Davis , Martyn and O'Cearrbhail conspired as a splinter hacker group called Internet Feds and penetrated the website of Fine Gael , an Irish political party , as well as the computer systems of a security firm called HBGary Inc. and its affiliates . The group allegedly stole confidential data from about 80,000 user accounts associated with the firm . Then in 2011 , apparently feeling the heat from investigators , the group formed another offshoot organization called Lulz Security , or LulzSec , the indictment said . LulzSec then ratcheted up "  a campaign of malicious cyberassaults on the websites and computer systems of various business and governmental entities in the United States and throughout the world . " Barrett Brown , who identifies as an Anonymous spokesman , told CNN that Sabu recently took over leadership of LulzSec . He said the hacker also contacted him several months ago by instant message , and he described those communications as "  weird . " "  There have always been rumors from a couple of people  within Anonymous  something weird was going on with LulzSec when  Sabu  started , " said Brown , whose Dallas apartment was visited by FBI agents early Tuesday morning . Brown said that he and others in Anonymous were upset with LulzSec and Sabu because Sabu had bragged about stealing credit card information . Still , he says , Tuesday 's indictments wo n't disrupt the organization 's actions over the long-term . "  There are more than enough people around , " he said . "  Major operations going forward wo n't be interrupted . Authorities have said that leader within the organization was secretly working with government officials and aided their investigation . Anonymous is considered a loosely tied group of hackers , that have spawned affiliate bodies , and in recent years have focused their efforts on coordinating cyberattacks for political reasons or as retribution for the activities of governments and large corporations .	5 alleged hackers in the U.S. and Europe have been charged in Manhattan court A sixth has pleaded guilty to computer hacking and other crimes They are suspected to be top members of "  Anonymous " and splinter groups Groups called Internet Feds , AntiSec , LulzSec claimed responsibility for cyberattacks
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania minister was suspended for 30 days on Tuesday after he was found guilty in a church trial for officiating his son 's same-sex wedding , according to church officials . Frank Schaefer , 51 , the pastor at Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in Lebanon , Pennsylvania , was found guilty by a jury of 13 ordained clergy members on two counts : officiating a same-sex wedding and being disobedient to the discipline and order of the church , according to Cathy Husid-Shamir , a Schaefer family spokesperson . Schaefer received a concurrent 30-day suspension for both counts . If he does not uphold the church 's discipline after the suspension , he must surrender his credentials , according to Husid-Shamir . The jury had full power in determining Schaefer 's penalty , which could have ranged from a reprimand to a full defrocking . "  I 'm obviously relieved to receive a lighter penalty than defrocking , " Schaefer said in a statement to CNN after receiving his sentence . "  I gave the jury every excuse to take my credentials when I was honest with them and said that I must continue to serve all people -- no exceptions . " Schaefer previously told CNN 's Zoraida Sambolin that his son , Tim , asked him to officiate his wedding seven years ago , and he decided to do it "  out of love for him . " Despite at one point believing that homosexuality was incompatible with his Christian beliefs , Schaefer told CNN his views on the controversial topic began to change over time . "  By the time our son came out , I was ready to embrace him , " Schaefer told Sambolin on November 14 . The complaint was filed by one of Schaefer 's church members , and the church leadership decided to act upon it , according to Schaefer . The church told Schaefer he could avoid a trial if he agreed never to perform another same-sex marriage again , but he refused . "  I ca n't commit to a statement like that , especially in light of the fact that I have two more children that are gay . " "  We want to express care and concern for everyone involved in this difficult process , " Michele Bartlow , district superintendent of the United Methodist Church , said in a statement after the guilty verdict . "  We ask for prayer . " "  Today , grace and love won over a controversial church law , " Schaefer told CNN .	Frank Schaefer found guilty by jury of ordained clergy on two counts He was sentenced to a 30-day suspension Church officials had asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refused Maximum penalty could have been a full defrocking
CNN  -- William Safire , a onetime speechwriter for President Nixon who became a Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist for The New York Times , has died at age 79 , the newspaper announced Sunday . William Safire died in Maryland following a battle with pancreatic cancer , The New York Times reported . Safire joined the Times as a columnist in 1973 . In addition to his conservative news columns , which he wrote until 2005 , he wrote a language column for the paper 's Sunday magazine from 1979 until shortly before his death . He won the Pulitzer Prize for commentary in 1978 . In 2006 , President George W. Bush awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest U.S. civilian honor . Safire had suffered from pancreatic cancer and died Sunday at a hospice in Rockville , Maryland , the newspaper reported . Born in New York in 1929 , Safire began his career as a reporter for newspapers , television and radio stations after dropping out of Syracuse University . After becoming a public relations executive in the late 1950s , he was credited with putting together the 1959 "  kitchen debate " between then-Vice President Richard Nixon and Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev at that year 's American National Exhibition in Moscow . Safire was the publicist for a builder at the time . "  What I was publicizing was the typical American house , " he recounted during a conference at George Washington University in July . "  It was my kitchen . " The next year , he went to work for Nixon 's first , unsuccessful presidential bid . He rejoined the Nixon team in 1968 , when the Republican eventually won the White House , and became one of the administration 's top speechwriters . Perhaps his best-known line in that job was Vice President Spiro Agnew 's denunciation of journalists as "  nattering nabobs of negativism . " But Safire left the administration to join that nattering club in 1973 , when he left the Nixon administration to join the Times . His often-pugnacious voice -- he once denounced then-first lady Hillary Clinton as a "  congenital liar " -- held down the right flank of the Times ' op-ed page for more than three decades . He won his Pulitzer in 1978 for columns on the travails surrounding Bert Lance , who as President Carter 's budget director in 1977 resigned amid allegations of bank fraud . Lance was acquitted by a federal jury in 1980 . And he was an outspoken advocate of the plight of Iraq 's Kurdish population . He sharply criticized U.S. support for Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein in the 1980s , when Hussein used poison gas to put down a Kurdish revolt , and he strongly supported the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , writing that "  nobody came out of this war more nobly " than the Kurds . Safire also wrote four novels , several collections of columns and a political dictionary that was first published in 1968 . A new edition came out in 2008 . He is survived by his wife , Helene , two children and one grandchild .	William Safire dies at age 79 , according to New York Times Safire , a Pulitzer Prize winner , died after pancreatic cancer battle , Times reports Safire was columnist for the Times , former speechwriter for President Nixon He coined "  nattering nabobs of negativism " for a Spiro Agnew speech
CNN  -- Now it 's the Republicans ' turn . Charlie Daniels will headline a concert Wednesday in Minneapolis-St . Paul , Minnesota . The Democrats turned out the star power for its convention in Denver , Colorado , right up to the final night , when the 80,000-strong crowd attending Sen. Barack Obama 's closing speech at Invesco Field was serenaded by Sheryl Crow and Stevie Wonder , among others . The Republican National Convention , which begins Monday in Minneapolis-St . Paul , Minnesota , may not have the same oomph , but it wo n't lack for well-known visitors . After mixing and mingling in Denver with Democrats , the nonpartisan Creative Coalition is scheduled to join the festivities in the Twin Cities . The organization is devoted to arts advocacy as well as issues such as health care and affordable housing . Its spokespeople include Warren Beatty , Dana Delany , Tim Daly , Giancarlo Esposito and Matthew Modine . The group is showing a film , "  14 Women , " about the 14 female senators of the 109th Congress . Creative Coalition Executive Director Robin Bronk told The Hollywood Reporter that the organization was determined to present some steak with its celebrity sizzle . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos from around the Republican Convention "  We have a great track record of bringing substance with splash , " she said . The group is sponsoring a Charlie Daniels Band concert on Wednesday . The Black Eyed Peas played the group 's Denver show . Retail chain Target is co-sponsor of both shows . Also in Minneapolis : a show titled "  The Songwriters Circle : The Songs We Love , " which will feature performances by Brett James  who wrote "  Jesus , Take the Wheel "  and Greg Laswell  "  What a Day "  , according to RollingStone.com . The show is sponsored the The Recording Academy and its GRAMMY Foundation . Among other celebrities expected to be present are the Beach Boys -- who will be headlining a concert of their own Monday -- Gretchen Wilson and Sammy Hagar . However , one of the GOP 's biggest celebrity names , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , may not make the trip . Schwarzenegger has said that state business may keep him in Sacramento . Not every event will be sanctioned by the convention , of course . The politically active band Rage Against the Machine , which played a free show in Denver , has scheduled a Minneapolis concert , though it 's far from free : Tickets are $ 60 for the show at the Target Center on Wednesday . Rage guitarist Tom Morello is also teaming with Steve Earle for a union rally on Labor Day . There are also several arts-related events in a lower key . According to The New York Times , artists will be coming to Minneapolis-St . Paul to mount various forms of political theater , from creating ice sculptures to inviting the public to perform karaoke versions of convention speeches . Though some of the exhibits will be politically pointed , organizers are careful to characterize them as nonpartisan -- and expect some unusual discourse . "  You expect people to respond by organizing a protest and throwing their fists in the air , and you also expect people to respond by flying 1,000 American flags , " Sarah Peters of Minneapolis ' Walker Art Center , which is taking part in that city 's "  UnConvention , " told the Times . "  And those are two legitimate ways to respond to politics , but there is a whole in-between area that does n't get talked about . "	GOP convention to include celebrities , some performing , others visiting Rage Against the Machine , which played in Denver , Colorado , also in Twin Cities Art installations reportedly to express nonpartisanship
It seems that McDonald 's has finally realized how tone-deaf its internal employee resource website was . It has shut it down . The final straw ? A tip on the site to employees to avoid McDonald 's fare . A graphic on the site shows a meal with a cheeseburger , fries and drink under the caption "  Unhealthy choice . " Next to it is a picture of a sub , a salad and water under the caption "  Healthier choice . " The latest embarrassment is among a string that 's cropped up since the McResource Line website went live . A McResource budget-planning guide for its employees was ridiculed in July for being out of touch . "  For starters , it did n't account for food and gasoline , " CNNMoney reported . "  The second line on the sample budget leaves room for income from a second job , which many called an admission by the fast food giant that its workers ca n't live on its wages alone . " And then earlier this month , NBC News reported that the site offered a guide on how much one should tip a pool cleaner , housekeeper , and even an au pair . The only problem : The University of California Berkeley Labor Center and University of Illinois released a study in October that said 52 % of families of fast food workers receive assistance from a public program like Medicaid , food stamps , the Earned Income Tax Credit or Temporary Assistance for Needy Families . The fast food giant found itself again having to deflect unwanted attention from its internal site this week after CNBC reported that McResource ostensibly advises McDonald 's employees to not eat at McDonald 's . "  Fast foods are quick , reasonably priced , and readily available alternatives to home cooking . While convenient and economical for a busy lifestyle , fast foods are typically high in calories , fat , saturated fat , sugar , and salt and may put people at risk for becoming overweight . " Visitors to McResource Line on Wednesday were greeted with this statement : "  We are temporarily performing some maintenance in order to provide you with the best experience possible . Please excuse us while these upgrades are being made . " McDonald 's confirmed the site had been taken down in a statement posted on its website . "  A combination of factors has led us to re-evaluate and we 've directed the vendor to take down the website . Between links to irrelevant or outdated information , along with outside groups taking elements out of context , this created unwarranted scrutiny and inappropriate commentary . None of this helps our McDonald 's team members . " Bill Clinton and McDonald 's : Let 's forgo the fries and fight the fat	McResource Line 's latest embarrassment : Advice that fast food can be unhealthy McDonald 's shuts down the site for "  maintenance " In July , a McResource budget-planning guide was ridiculed for being out of touch Site has also advised employees on how much to tip a housekeeper or a pool cleaner
South Sudan 's president , who accused Sudan of declaring war on his nation , cut short his trip to China on Wednesday as tension between the two neighbors intensified over border and oil disputes . President Salva Kiir canceled the Shanghai leg of his trip . He had planned a five-day trip , ending Saturday . It 's unclear how soon he will return home . During a visit to Beijing on Tuesday , Kiir accused Sudan of declaring war on his nation . The visit came at a "  critical moment ... because our neighbor in Khartoum has declared war " on South Sudan , Kiir told his Chinese counterpart , Hu Jintao . His accusation marked the latest in fiery war rhetoric that has drawn alarm and condemnation from the international community . China , a crucial trading ally to both nations , urged restraint and negotiation , and said it plans to send its envoy for Africa to Sudan and South Sudan to promote peace talks . Beijing has deep trade ties with Africa , and has had diplomatic and economic ties with Sudan for decades . Ambassador Zhong Jianhua traveled to both countries earlier this year for mediation , the Chinese foreign ministry said . South Sudan split from Sudan last year as part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa 's largest nation . The war left 2 million people dead and ended with the peace agreement that included an independence referendum for the south . Despite the split in July , unresolved issues remain between the two , including status of their citizens , division of national debt , disputed border areas and sharing of oil wealth . Simmering tensions peaked this month when South Sudan seized the oil-producing region of Heglig from Sudan , raising the stakes by targeting a resource that fuels the economies of both nations . Heglig oil facilities account for about half of Sudan 's production of 115,000 barrels a day . Sudan claims ownership for the region , and lodged complaints with the United Nations and the African Union to pressure South Sudan to withdraw troops from its territory . The African Union on Tuesday gave the nations 48 hours to cease their hostilities and three months to complete negotiations on outstanding issues or face "  appropriate measures . " It said it will seek updates on the status of negotiations and will require compliance by Sudan and South Sudan . Failure to resolve their disputes will lead to an arbitration process , the body said , without getting into specifics . Heglig is on the border created when the two countries split . While it is a disputed region , Sudan continued administering it after South Sudan declared independence from the north . "  We have every right to use all military means inside our territory to crush the enemy , " said Daffa-Alla Ali Osman , Sudan 's ambassador to the United Nations . "  Setting territories inside our borders as theirs ... this is a call for war until they stop and refrain from any behavior against the territorial integrity of Sudan . " After an international outcry , including from U.S. President Barack Obama , who urged the nations to resolve their issues peacefully , South Sudan withdrew its troops Saturday and Sudan retook control of Heglig . "  We wish to see a return to peace with our neighbors . We stand by the values of having two states viable and living in peace side by side , " said Agnes Oswaha , the South Sudan ambassador to the United Nations . A day after South Sudan withdrew from the disputed region , it accused Sudan of launching ground and aerial attacks on its territory . The bombing in Unity state killed at least 16 and left 34 injured , the United Nations said . U.N. peacekeeping officials in South Sudan confirmed the casualties from bombings near the border , said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and the current Security Council president . Council members have "  demanded an immediate halt to aerial bombardment by the Sudanese armed forces and urged an immediate cease-fire and return to the negotiating table , " she said Tuesday . A spokesman for the Sudanese military could not be immediately reached for comment . Claims from both sides are difficult to confirm because journalists and independent observers do not have access to the front lines . The international community has appealed for both sides to silence their weapons and return to the negotiating table , with Sudan facing the latest criticism for bombing Bentiu , which is about 60 miles  nearly 100 kilometers  from Heglig . Last week , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir vowed to never give up the disputed region , whose loss would send the nation 's economy reeling . Sudan 's oil industry suffered when fighting in Heglig halted oil production in those fields . The Satellite Sentinel Project released images this week suggesting a critical part of the oil pipeline infrastructure was destroyed . The collection manifold , which allows oil flows to be separated or combined without interrupting the flow , appears to have been damaged by an explosion . Analysts could not determine whether the destruction was the result of ground fighting or aerial bombardment , said Jonathan Hutson , a spokesman for the project , which is led by the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative . Serious damage to the facility would prevent companies from resuming production and would require substantial investment to repair or rebuild .	South Sudan 's president cancels the Shanghai leg of his China trip His comment during a visit to Beijing marks the latest in fiery war rhetoric Tensions between the two spark alarm from the international community China -- a crucial trading ally to both nations -- urges restraint and negotiations
CNN  -- For centuries , Bedouins of the Middle East survived a nomadic lifestyle in unforgiving deserts by relying on animals . From camels to desert falcons , animals provided food , transportation , and even companionship in the harsh , isolated land . Today , sports utility vehicles have largely replaced the hump-backed ` ships of the desert ' throughout the Middle East . But animals still play a vital role in daily life and the culture of the region . Beirut 's Rescued Animals We visit an animal shelter in Beirut that has taken up the often overlooked cause of animal abuse and rescue . Encouraging adoption and humane treatment of animals , BETA also helps humans -- the animals are part of a therapy program to help children with special needs . Rima Maktabi takes us there . Lion Whisperer Lions , tigers , cheetahs and other exotic and endangered animals are prized pets for many Emiratis for whom it is the ultimate status symbol . When the cubs grow into adulthood and develop violent traits , many are often abandoned and it falls to private individuals and parks to take the animals in and rehabilitate . Schams Elwazer meets the Lion Whisperer Ras Al Khaima as he plays with a rescued lion and visit a woman in Dubai whose home shelters almost 300 animals from tortoises to alpacas to parrots . Pet Hotel The United Arab Emirates is known for its luxurious resorts and seven-star hotels -- now the trend has extended to our four-legged companions . A seven-star hotel recently opened in Abu Dhabi caters to cats and dogs with suites that even include plasma screens . Camelicious At a trendy caf  near the world 's tallest building , customers sip on camel milk lattes . In the high-end malls of Dubai , camel milk chocolate is a luxury brand . We look into the trend of a modern take on camel products , used by the Bedouins for centuries for transportation , milk and meat . From camel burgers to a high-tech lab processing camel milk for commercial sale in supermarkets , Rima Maktabi looks at how the dromedary is making a modern comeback . Abu Dhabi Falcon Hospital Falcons have been prized for centuries in the Bedouin culture for sport and companionship . More than just pets , they have their own passports , travel in cabins on airlines , and in Abu Dhabi have their own five-star hospital . We look into the passion behind falconry and witness the animals ' care from pedicures to surgery . Cairo 's Pigeon Trainers We take to the rooftops of Cairo where flocks of pigeons weave through the skies above the urban jungle of the Egyptian capital . As Ian Lee finds out , the love for breeding and training homing pigeons transcends class boundaries and political affiliations as over two million pigeon owners escape the streets to continue an ancient tradition in the skies . Watch the April show at the following times : Wednesday April 4 : 0930 , 1630 Saturday April 7 : 0430 , 1830 Sunday April 8 : 1130 Saturday April 14 : 1130 Sunday April 15 : 0430 , 1830 All times GMT	This month , IME focuses on animals and their role in the culture and daily life of the region For centuries animals - from camels to desert falcons - have provided food , transportation , and even companionship in the harsh , isolated land . We visit an animal shelter , a luxury pet hotel , a lion whisperer , a falcon hospital and Cairo 's rooftop pigeon fanciers
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Demeaning , exploitative , degrading . Beauty pageants have been called lots of things . And it 's also the line coming from Islamic hardliners , who are protesting this year 's Miss World Contest , which is held in the most populous Muslim nation in the world . Protesters in Indonesia denounce the contest where women sashay in swimsuits and form-fitting evening wear , calling it insulting to Muslims and triggering threats of violence . Islamic groups urged the government to shut the contest down . Hardliners burned signs featuring the image of last year 's winner Wenxia Yu of China that read "  Reject Miss World . " They also presented what they deemed as appropriate attire for beauty contestants -- long dresses and full head scarves . "  It 's only beauty , beauty and beauty , but also body , body and body , so that 's why we consider it as a contest that exploits women physically , " said Ismail Yusanto , spokesman of Indonesia 's Hizbut Tahrir , a conservative Islamic group . In an attempt to appease religious concerns , the pageant has scrapped the swimsuit competition and replaced it with less-revealing beachwear attire . Also , the finals were originally to be held on the outskirts of Jakarta , but angry protestors forced the event to relocate to the Hindu resort island of Bali . Members of the group , Islamic Defenders Front  FPI  tried to travel to Bali by sea from East Java , but were stopped by police . Hary Tanoesoedibjo , the CEO of MNC Group who organized the pageant locally , disputed the government 's decision to move the contest to Bali . He said no laws have been violated by the pageant and that "  everything has been adjusted to the local culture . We all know that , so no bikini . " Even before the three-week contest began on September 8 , protesters slammed it as "  pornography " and held signs reading : "  Miss World is whore contest . " "  Our demand is still the same , " Yusanto said . "  Do n't continue this contest . " Miss World 's 127 contestants competed in beach fashion , fitness , world fashion , talent and "  Beauty with a Purpose " meant to honor charitable work . The top 10 models -- from Ukraine , South Sudan , Brazil , Philippines , France , Cameroon , Cyprus , England , Italy and the United States -- were announced earlier this week . A winner will be crowned in Bali on Saturday . Security forces will have 700 police officers for the final event . There has been criticism of how the Indonesian government handled the Miss World controversy , that it sent a message of capitulation in favor of a vocal minority . Indonesia is a secular country with moderate Muslims , but "  a small extremist fringe has become more vocal in recent years , " according to the Jakarta Post . "  We are a complex country , so we have to balance domestic concerns with our ability to host international events , " said Mari Elka Pangestu , the Tourism and Creative Economy Minister of Indonesia . "  But in general , Indonesia is very open . " But not all such women 's contests are so vehemently opposed . A week ago , the World Muslimah 2013 competition was held in Jakarta , to crown a woman who applies "  Islamic values in everyday life , " which includes the ability to recite from the Quran . Contestants dressed in head scarves and floor-length dresses . Obabiyi Aishah Aijbola from Nigeria was named World Muslimah 2013 . Photo gallery : See World Muslimah 2013 Eka Shanty , founder of World Muslimah says the difference between Miss World and World Muslimah is that the latter is not a pageant . "  This is an international award event to appreciate young and talented Muslim women . " In addition to decrying the Miss World contest , the conservative Islamic group Hizbut Tahrir does not support the World Muslimah competition . CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta and Madison Park wrote from Hong Kong .	Radical Islamic groups protest Miss World 2013 Contest They decry it as pornography and degrading to women Contest scraps swimsuit contest and moves final round to Bali
EW.com  -- Liam Neeson , fighter of wolves , may be the closest thing the box office has to an alpha male . The 59-year-old actor 's latest thriller , "  The Grey , " debuted in first place with a better-than-expected $ 20 million , according to studio estimates . That places the R-rated film just below the openings of Neeson 's "  Taken "  $ 24.7 million  and "  Unknown "  $ 21.9 million  . It also represents a major win for Open Road Films , the new distributor formed by AMC Theatres and Regal Cinemas . Although "  The Grey " cost a reported $ 34 million to produce , Open Road acquired the wilderness-survival movie for just $ 5 million . The well-reviewed but admittedly harsh film earned a middling "  B - " rating from CinemaScore audiences . According to the market-research firm , 71 percent of the audience was at least 25 years old . Of particular interest , 67 percent of moviegoers listed Neeson as the reason they purchased a ticket to "  The Grey , " confirming the actor 's drawing power . Neeson is now taking suggestions on what animals he should confront next . My vote : Alvin and the Chipmunks . The weekend 's two other new movies , "  One for the Money " and "  Man on a Ledge , " witnessed less impressive debuts . Both films were promoted with $ 6 ticket offers through online coupon sites  Groupon for "  One for the Money " and LivingSocial for "  Man on a Ledge "  . Also , with Lionsgate 's recent acquisition of Summit Entertainment , the studio was essentially competing against itself -- "  One for the Money " is a Lionsgate release , while "  Man on a Ledge " is from Summit . "  One for the Money , " a PG-13 action comedy starring Katherine Heigl as a bail-enforcement agent , landed in third place with $ 11.8 million . That 's slightly better than what many industry experts predicted , but still represents Heigl 's worst opening since breaking out in 2007 $  s "  Knocked Up . " There 's a noticeable downward trajectory to the star 's recent box-office performance , with each of her last four films opening to a smaller amount than the movie before it . "  One for the Money " drew an audience that was 75 percent female , and CinemaScore participants gave it a "  B - " grade . "  Man on a Ledge " underwhelmed with $ 8.3 million -- enough for fifth place . The PG-13 thriller stars "  Avatar 's " Sam Worthington , who has yet to prove he can open a film without being surrounded by big-budget special effects . According to CinemaScore , only 17 percent of audiences listed Worthington as their reason for buying a ticket . If there 's a bright spot for "  Ledge , " it 's that the movie received a "  B + " rating from CinemaScore audiences . Among holdovers , "  Underworld : Awakening " fell 51 percent for $ 12.5 million . That 's actually the best second-weekend hold for any "  Underworld " movie . After 10 days , "  Awakening " has grossed an estimated $ 45.1 million -- more than any of its predecessors had in the same time frame . The World War II action film "  Red Tails " dropped 45 percent for $ 10.4 million , bringing its two-week total to $ 33.8 million . Also , "  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol " crossed $ 200 million on Friday . After 45 days in theaters , "  Ghost Protocol " has earned $ 202.6 million and is neck and neck with "  Mission : Impossible II , " which collected $ 201.7 million in the same period . It 'll be a nail-biter as "  Ghost Protocol " attempts to pass "  Mission : Impossible II 's " final tally of $ 215.4 million to become the franchise 's top earner . In limited release , "  Albert Nobbs , " starring Oscar-nominated Glenn Close and Janet McTeer , debuted to a mediocre $ 770,000 from 245 theaters . A number of Best Picture nominees expanded this weekend to take advantage of their recent nominations . "  The Descendants , " which increased its theater count from 560 to 2,001 , jumped 176 percent to pull in $ 6.6 million . Martin Scorsese 's "  Hugo " rose 143 percent for $ 2.3 million . And the front-runner "  The Artist " earned $ 3.3 million , pushing its cumulative total to $ 16.7 million . 1 . The Grey -- $ 20.0 mil 2 . Underworld : Awakening -- $ 12.5 mil 3 . One for the Money -- $ 11.8 mil 4 . Red Tails -- $ 10.4 mil 5 . Man on a Ledge -- $ 8.3 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Grey " debuted in first place with a better-than-expected $ 20 million "  One for the Money " landed in third place with $ 11.8 million "  Man on a Ledge " underwhelmed with $ 8.3 million -- enough for fifth place
CNN  -- The news was devastating , the aftermath surreal . Diena Thompson clutched a tissue in her right hand , frequently wiping her eyes as she told reporters that she could n't believe it was her daughter whose body was found in a Georgia landfill . Her visage revealed the weight of grief and a yearning for justice . Standing outside her home in Orange Park , Florida , Thompson looked into the camera and , with her voice cracking , sent out a stern warning to her daughter 's killer . "  I want you to know that I will not sleep until this person is found . I hope they get you , and I hope they make you pay for a long , long time . You do n't take from somebody . You did n't just take her from me . You took her from my family ; you took her from all these people . And you do n't do this to a little baby and put my baby in the trash like she 's nothing . That 's not OK , this is not OK . " The body of her daughter , 7-year-old Somer Thompson , was found in a South Georgia landfill , Clay County , Florida , Sheriff Rick Beseler said Thursday . On Monday , Somer became separated from her siblings and schoolmates on her way home from school in Orange Park . She was seen in a fight at school before disappearing , according to a police report Thursday . Her 10-year-old sister told police that Somer had gotten into a fight with another girl at school earlier in the day . The sister said she brought up the fight while she and her brother walked Somer home from school , and that Somer ran off from them , apparently upset . The sister said she lost sight of Somer in a group of other kids leaving the school , according to the police report . A medical examiner in Savannah , Georgia , used dental records to identify the body positively as Somer 's , said Clay County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Mary Justino . The sheriff told the girl 's mother Wednesday night that her daughter had been identified . Thompson was devastated , he said . "  It was the hardest phone call I 've ever had to make in my life , and I hope I never have to make another one like that , " Beseler said at a Thursday news conference . Authorities are turning their full attention to finding the child 's killer . The landfill where her body was found is near Folkston , Georgia , 55 miles north of where the girl became separated from her schoolmates . Authorities will work to pinpoint where the garbage load that contained the girl 's body came from , Beseler said . The garbage brought into that part of the landfill was collected in the Orange Park area , he has said , noting that authorities routinely search garbage when a missing person case has been initiated . The investigation has turned into a murder probe . "  There is a child killer on the loose , " the sheriff said . "  I fear for our community until we bring this person in . " Investigators in Georgia are combing through a "  tremendous mountain " of garbage at the landfill , searching for clues , said Justino , the sheriff 's office spokeswoman , on Friday . Some possible evidence has been removed from the landfill , but authorities wo n't describe what they found , Justino said . Police have no suspects , she said . She said other law enforcement teams are focusing on the locale where the child apparently was last seen . Justino said witnesses , including some children , saw her on the sidewalk in front of a vacant house under renovation after a fire . "  Since Monday , we have been trying to figure out who frequents that area , " including anyone working on the home , she said . Rewards totaling $ 30,000 have been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of whoever is responsible . Justino said of the 810 leads called in to a tip line , 231 were being actively pursued by a group of 50 detectives . Overnight , detectives finished interviewing 90 registered sex offenders or predators within a five-mile radius of the Thompson home , the spokeswoman said . Somer 's family was making funeral arrangements Friday , Justino said , and many in the community had offered to help financially . "  There has been an outpouring of support from the community , " she said . CNN 's Maria P. White contributed to this report .	Body found in landfill identified as Somer Thompson , using dental records Somer , 7 , was in school fight on day of disappearance , police report says Grieving mother 's message to killer : "  I hope they get you " Police have no suspects in killing of Florida girl , official says
CNN  -- A third victim of last week 's shooting at a Washington state high school has died , according to the hospital that treated victims . Fourteen-year-old Shaylee Chuckulnaskit died Friday night at Providence Regional Medical Center , not far from Marysville Pilchuck High School , where she and four other students were gunned down last Friday as they sat in the school cafeteria . "  The entire Providence family is deeply saddened by this news and we extend our heartfelt sympathy to Shaylee 's family , " the medical center said , added that the teenager known as Shay "  passed away ... as a result of severe injuries from last Friday 's school shooting . " The Chuckulnaskit family released its own statement , saying : "  Our hearts are broken at the passing of our beautiful daughter . Shay means everything to us . "  In Shay 's short life she has been a radiant light bringing us incredible joy and happiness . She has been a loving daughter , a caring sister , a devoted friend and a wonderful part of our community . We ca n't imagine life without her . " In the hours and days following the shooting , two other Marysville families were thrown into sudden mourning with the deaths of students Zoe Galasso and Gia Soriano . Shaylee was one of three students hospitalized after a gunman opened fire in the cafeteria . The shooter , Jaylen Fryberg , took his own life , in the school cafeteria .	Shaylee Chuckulnaskit was 14 years old She died Friday at a hospital , a week after being shot in her school cafeteria Hers was the third death from the shooting ; two students are recovering The shooter , Jaylen Fryberg , took his own life in the cafeteria .
Muslims throughout the world have been marking Eid al-Adha , but in war-torn Syria there is little to celebrate as most people struggle to meet their basic needs : food , water , and shelter . Their plight has been highlighted by Arabic media reports that cite a fatwa , or religious ruling , by a local imam that allows people who are desperately hungry to eat dogs and cats . Eating dog , cat or donkey is forbidden under Islamic dietary laws . The imam in the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in the capital , Damascus , reportedly said at a mosque Friday that dog , cat and donkey meat could be eaten "  after reaching a desperate need and the stores of food were inadequate to feed the population under the siege . " Yarmouk has been besieged for months by Syrian government forces seeking to flush out rebel fighters . During the Eid al-Adha holiday , one of Islam 's most revered observances , Muslims around the world sacrifice sheep and share the meat with the poor . It corresponds with the height of the Hajj , the pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia that annually draws 2 million Muslims . A YouTube video purports to show a group of religious leaders outside Damascus issuing a fatwa permitting the eating of cats , kittens , donkeys , and animals killed in shelling . The man reading the statement appeals to the world , and particularly to Muslims who are completing the Hajj pilgrimage , to think of the Syrian children "  dying of hunger " while the viewers ' stomachs are full . "  How ca n't they just stand for us , for our children ? " the sheikh asks . "  Do they want us to get to the point when we are forced to eat the flesh of our dead martyrs and our beloved just to survive ? " CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the video . Syria 's war : CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reflects on front line reports ` We are living in despair ' At the Atmeh refugee camp in Idlib province in northern Syria , some refugees set up improvised vendor stands for the celebration -- but drew few customers who could afford their goods . "  Before the crisis , during Eid , we used to go to the shops and buy items , we were happy , " said Suad Zein . "  Eid was a wonderful holiday here . Now these days I ca n't even buy my boy a pair of trousers , or shoes , or even a loaf of bread . "  I have eight children . I ca n't support them all . We are living in despair . " Said another : "  We have nothing to celebrate . We used to celebrate with food , drink , desserts . We used to make pastries . ... Now there 's nothing . " Some refugees in Aleppo , Syria , were more fortunate . A benefactor donated sheep for the traditional animal sacrifice , which were to be slaughtered and distributed among families in need , a man in charge of the slaughter said . The U.N. food agency , the World Food Programme , warned last month that the violence in Syria was making it hard to get aid to those in need . It estimated that 4 million people in the country were unable to produce or buy enough food . Eid al-Adha commemorates when God appeared in a dream to Abraham -- known as Ibrahim to Muslims -- and asked him to sacrifice his son as an act of obedience . As Abraham was about to perform the sacrifice , God stopped him and gave him a sheep to kill in place of his son . Versions of the story also appear in the Torah and in the Bible 's Old Testament . The four-day celebration is also known as the Feast of Sacrifice , or Greater Eid . It is the longer of two Eid holidays observed by Muslims . Eid al-Fitr , or Little Eid , follows the holy month of Ramadan . Asma al-Assad makes rare appearance A rare interview with Asma al-Assad , wife of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , aired Tuesday on Syrian state TV , showing her as she visited the Daughters of Martyrs ' school in Damascus . The first lady , wearing a gray sweater with the Syrian flag in the center , is shown being greeted with applause from dozens of Syrian girls and planting olive trees with them . The olive tree is a symbol of giving and peace , she says , as well as "  a symbol of life and endurance , those who sacrificed and are sacrificing for this homeland are doing that for us so we can live and prosper in this land . " The interviewer asks Asma al-Assad , who lived in Britain before her marriage to Syria 's president , about past rumors that she had left the war-torn country for Russia , Lebanon or Britain . Smiling , she replies , "  I am here , I exist here . My husband and my children are present here in Syria . It is quite rational for me to be here with them . And just like the majority of the Syrians , I was raised to love the homeland and I grew up with that notion that wherever I 'd travel or lived before , and no matter how long people stay away , there is nothing more precious than the homeland . " The first lady has also been a star of the recently established Instagram account of the Syrian presidency , where she is seen smiling , showing off her volunteer work and attending social events with her husband . Activists : Truck carrying civilians hit Syria 's descent into civil war began in March 2011 , when Bashar al-Assad 's regime cracked down on peaceful anti-government protesters . That conflict spiraled into an armed uprising and a crisis that the United Nations says has claimed more than 100,000 lives . On Wednesday , at least 53 people -- including 13 children and four women -- were killed nationwide , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported . Four children and six women were among the fatalities in a blast in Daraa , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . At least 21 people died when their truck was hit by an explosive device in southern Syria , opposition activists said . The truck carrying civilians was hit as it passed through an area controlled by troops loyal to the Syrian government , the group said . Government officials did not immediately respond to the allegation . Two suicide bombers from the al Qaeda-linked Jabhat al-Nusra rebel group detonated themselves Wednesday afternoon inside the gates of Aleppo Central Prison , killing seven regime forces , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Meanwhile , the Turkish army has reinforced its positions near a strategic border gate between Turkey and opposition-controlled northern Syria , where ISIS fighters have been active . Last month , ISIS fighters pushed more moderate Syrian rebels out of the nearby Syrian town of Azaz . Weapons inspectors As the war rages , international inspectors continue their mission to inventory and eliminate Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal . Experts from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , supported by the United Nations , have conducted verification activities at 11 sites identified by Syrian authorities , the OPCW said Wednesday . They have overseen the destruction of "  critical equipment " at six sites , as well as the destruction of some unloaded chemical weapons munitions , it said . On Monday , Syria became bound by the international treaty banning chemical arms , the Chemical Weapons Convention , which is implemented by the OPCW . A team of OPCW inspectors entered the country on October 1 . The joint mission is tasked by a U.N. Security Council resolution with ridding the country of chemical weapons by mid-2014 .	A fatwa has reportedly been issued allowing those starving in Syria to eat cats and dogs Many Syrians are suffering rather than celebrating during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha First Lady Asma al-Assad gives a rare interview on Syrian state TV Conflict in Syria began in March 2011 and has morphed into civil war that has killed thousands
CNN  A pair of dramatic raids Friday in France led to the killing of three terrorists -- one suspected in the fatal shooting of a policewoman and four hostages , the other two in the massacre at the offices of Charlie Hebdo magazine -- and to the freeing of more than a dozen people being held hostage . The French government 's work is not over . There 's still a lot of healing to do , a lot of questions to answer about how to prevent future attacks , and the pursuit of a woman wanted in the policewoman 's shooting . Still , as Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said , "  The nation is relieved tonight . " Latest updates at 8 p.m. ET  The wife of suspect Cherif Kouachi and the girlfriend of hostage taker Amedy Coulibaly -- Hayat Boumedienne -- exchanged 500 phone calls in 2014 , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molin . The wife told investigators that Cherif and Coulibaly knew each well .  Cherif Kouachi , a suspect in the Charlie Hebdo slaughter , visited Yemen in 2011 and French authorities were aware of his contacts with terrorist organizations in Yemen and Syria , Molins said at a press conference .  The government of Yemen has launched an investigation into a possible al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula link to the Charlie Hebdo magazine attack , Mohammed Albasha , Yemen 's spokesman in Washington , tweeted Friday .  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for orchestrating the deadly terrorist attack on the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo , the founder of the magazine The Intercept , Jeremy Scahill , told CNN . CNN has not independently confirmed this claim .  Four hostages were killed and 15 survived in the standoff between an armed terrorist and police at a Paris kosher grocery store on Friday , according to Israeli government sources who characterized a phone conversation between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and French President Franois Hollande .  U.S. President Barack Obama said he wants the people of France to know that the United States "  stands with you today , stands with you tomorrow " after this week 's terror . He told a crowd in Tennessee that "  we stand for freedom and hope and dignity of all human beings ,  and  that 's what Paris stands for . "  The FBI and U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin to law enforcement across the United States discussing the Paris terrorist attack this week and the sophistication of the tactics , a U.S. law enforcement source told CNN . The bulletin says the attacks demonstrated "  a degree of sophistication and training traditionally not seen in recent small armed attacks , " the official said .  A man claiming to be Amedy Coulibaly , the suspected hostage-taker at the Paris grocery store , told CNN affiliate BFMTV that he belonged to the Islamist militant group ISIS . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the recording . Charlie Hebdo attackers holed up in print shop The day 's drama began in Dammartin-en-Goele , where brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi ended up in a print shop in an industrial area . A salesman , who identified himself only as Didier , told France Info radio that he shook one of the gunman 's hands at about 8:30 a.m. as they arrived at the business . Didier said he first thought the man , who was dressed in black and heavily armed , was a police officer . As he left , the armed man said , "  Go , we do n't kill civilians . " Didier said , "  It was n't normal . I did not know what was going on . " The gunmen told police that they wanted to die as martyrs , Yves Albarello , who is in France 's Parliament , said on channel iTele . The area , meanwhile , was locked down -- with children stuck in schools , roads closed and shops shuttered . Shortly before 5 p.m. , gunshots and at least three large explosions pierced the relative silence . . Soon after , men could be seen on the roof of the building where the brothers had holed up . Four helicopters landed nearby . Word came that the brothers were dead and that a man who had been hiding in the building was safe , said Bernard Corneille , the mayor of nearby Othis . Hostages at kosher grocery store At the same time , in a different setting near Paris 's Porte de Vincennes about 40 kilometers  25 miles  away , a similar crisis played out at a kosher store . Amedy Coulibaly -- the same man who , authorities said , is suspected with Hayat Boumeddiene of killing a policewoman Thursday south of Paris -- on Friday took a number of hostages there . Boumeddiene remains at large . Like Cherif Kouachi , a man claiming to be Coulibaly called BFMTV on Friday . At the scene , witnesses heard Coulibaly demand freedom for the Kouachi brothers , according to police union spokesman Pascal Disand . Law enforcement swarmed the area . Dozens of schools went on lockdown . A resolution came a few minutes after the Dammartin-en-Goele climax , in the form of explosions and gunfire . Up to 20 heavily armed police officers moved into the store . They came out with a number of civilians . Not everyone made it . Hollande said four people were killed . Israeli government sources told CNN that Hollande told Netanyahu that four hostages were killed and 15 were rescued . Molins said four hostages were killed by the gunman before police stormed the market . Father : ` It 's like a war ' In a speech Friday night , Hollande called the Porte de Vincennes deaths an "  anti-Semitic " act . He urged his countrymen not to respond with violence against Muslims , saying , "  Those who committed these acts have nothing to do with the Muslim religion . " "  Unity " he said , "  is our best weapon . " That kind of military language is apt when you 're talking about two deadly attacks and violent standoffs in a few days . It 's something that a man , who asked to be called simply Teddy , understands . He was outside Henri Dunant elementary school in Dammartin-en-Goele on Friday , hoping to pick up his young son . And , eventually , the students did leave the school -- accompanied by police officers who held their hands and , in some cases , lifted them onto an awaiting bus that would take them to safety . "  It 's like a war , " Teddy said . "  I do n't know how I will explain this to my 5-year-old son . " Parts of France on high alert This "  war " erupted two days ago , when a pair of heavily armed men -- hooded and dressed in black -- entered the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo , the satirical magazine known for its provocative , often profane , take on religion , politics and most anything else . Satirical magazine is no stranger to controversy They burst into a meeting , called out individuals , and then executed them . The dead included editor and cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier and four other well-known cartoonists known by the pen names : Cabu , Wolinski , Honore and Tignous . Authorities followed a lead Thursday morning from a gas station attendant near Villers-Cotterets , about 40 kilometers  25 miles  from Dammartin-en-Goele , whom Cherif Kouachi , 32 , and Said Kouachi , 34 , reportedly threatened as they stole food and gas . Police think the brothers may have later fled on foot into nearby woods . Ties to Islamist extremists As the suspects moved , the French government -- including more than 80,000 police deployed across the country -- also did n't stand still . Some of them tried to prevent more bloodshed , which might have something to do with nine people detained after the Charlie Hebdo attacks . Investigators also dug to learn about the attackers . Who are the suspects ? Both men had ties to Islamist extremists . Said , the elder of the Kouachi brothers , spent several months in Yemen in 2011 , receiving weapons training and working with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , according to U.S. officials . His younger brother , Cherif , has a long history of jihad and anti-Semitism , according to documents obtained by CNN . In a 400-page court record , he is described as wanting to go to Iraq through Syria "  to go and combat the Americans . " "  I was ready to go and die in battle , " he said in a deposition . " ... I got this idea when I saw the injustices shown by television . ... I am speaking about the torture that the Americans have inflicted on the Iraqis . " Cherif was a close associate of Coulibaly , a Western intelligence source told CNN . A man claiming to be Cherif told CNN affiliate BFMTV in a phone call before he was shot and killed Friday that he was sent to carry out the massacre by al Qaeda in Yemen and that the late Anwar al-Awlaki financed his trip . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the recording . Al-Awlaki , an American-born Muslim scholar and cleric who acted as a spokesperson for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , was killed in 2011 by a CIA drone strike . Cherif and Coulibaly were involved in a 2010 attempt to free an Algerian incarcerated for a 1995 subway bombing . Coulibaly was arrested with 240 rounds of ammunition for a Kalashnikov rifle and a photo of Djamel Beghal , a French Algerian once known as al Qaeda 's premier European recruiter . The Western intelligence source said that Coulibaly lived with Boumeddiene , his alleged accomplice in the police shooting , and that the two traveled to Malaysia together . Charlie Hebdo columnist : ` They did n't want us to be quiet ' A unity rally will be held Sunday "  celebrating the values behind " Charlie Hebdo , said British Prime Minister David Cameron , who will travel to Paris to attend . And the magazine itself -- whose former offices were firebombed in 2011 , on the day it was to publish an issue poking fun at Islamic law and after it published a cartoon of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed -- will go on as well , even without its leader and most talented staffers . It 's set to publish thousands of copies of its latest edition next Wednesday . Patrick Pelloux , a columnist for the magazine , told CNN that "  I do n't know if I 'm afraid anymore , because I 've seen fear . I was scared for my friends , and they are dead . " He and many others are defiant . "  I know that they did n't want us to be quiet , " Pelloux said of the slain Charlie Hebdo staffers . "  They would be assassinated twice , if we remained silent . " CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Ben Brumfield , Atika Shubert , Laura Smith-Spark , Richard Greene , Fred Pleitgen , Christiane Amanpour , Jim Bittermann and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Four hostages killed , prosecutor says Forces kill the 2 brothers suspected in the Charlie Hebdo attack A terror suspect who took over a kosher market and killed four hostages was also killed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Corporate lobbyists may have to jockey for attention alongside smaller , grassroots organizations under new ethics rules issued by President-elect Barack Obama 's transition team , one analyst says . President-elect Obama 's rules will mean nonprofits will have an easier time being heard , an analyst says . Chai Feldblum , a Georgetown University professor who teaches lobbyists-in-training , said nonprofit groups are likely to have a stronger voice under the restrictions that Obama 's transition staff issued this week . "  Lobbyists for business will absolutely get meetings with staff for people on the Hill , just like they got meetings before , so their access will not be denied , " Feldblum said . "  Their positions will be heard , but now they wo n't be the only ones being heard . " The rules , which transition co-chairman John Podesta announced Tuesday , bar federal lobbyists from contributing to or raising money for the transition effort . Those who leave the transition team will be barred for a year from lobbying the incoming administration on matters related to their transition jobs , and current lobbyists who join the team are barred for 12 months from working in policy fields related to their lobbying work . Podesta called the new policy "  the strictest , the most far-reaching ethics rules of any transition team in history . " They follow a pledge Obama made during his campaign , when he instituted similar rules for aides and vowed that lobbyists "  will not drown out the voice of the American people . " Feldblum said lobbying is protected by the First Amendment , which guarantees the right to petition the government for redress of grievances , and that the trade 's ranks in Washington are unlikely to shrink . But she said corporate lobbyists "  will have to share the stage with other people representing other points of view . " "  I think that lobbyists for a broader range of the American public -- lobbyists for Catholic Charities USA , lobbyists for the Epilepsy Foundation , lobbyists for domestic violence groups -- people trying to bring those positions forward will have an easier time being heard , " Feldblum said . One practicing lobbyist told CNN he hopes the new rules will improve the public image of a trade that has become a "  dirty word . " Michael Lewan , who has pleaded the case for some of the biggest U.S. corporations for 16 years , said a stricter regime Congress imposed on itself after the influence-peddling scandal involving disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff "  was n't such a bad thing at all . " "  We were all very upset when we found out we could no longer take Capitol Hill staffers to lunch , " he said . "  But you know what ? At the end of the day , we all saved money and lost weight . " But seriously , Lewan said , both Obama and his Republican opponent , John McCain , blasted lobbyists on a near-daily basis during the presidential campaign , "  and it 's my hope that we can bring down that level of vilification by cooperating with the new administration . "	Analyst : Corporate lobbyists will not be only ones heard by Obama 's transition staff Transition team 's ethics rules will give nonprofits stronger voice , analyst says One of the rules : Federal lobbyists ca n't contribute to transition effort Transition co-chairman : Ethics rules strictest "  of any transition team in history "
CNN  -- The thing about North Korea is that once in a while , it does something that sends the international community into a flurry of talk about the hermit nation , even though little is known about what 's really going on . This week , Pyongyang fired a long-range Unha-3 rocket and sent a satellite into orbit . Nervous world leaders quivered as the rogue country defied a United Nations ban on developing nuclear - and missile-related technology . Was the world a more dangerous place after Wednesday 's event ? What would it mean for North Korea 's young leader as he is about to mark the first anniversary of the death of his father , Kim Jong Il ? When the son ascended to power , concerns surfaced over an inexperienced , mysterious heir taking charge of North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , its hardcore and cultish communist society and a population of the hungry . His eldest half brother said in his book that he was concerned Kim Jong Un would fail to satisfy North Koreans . Now , the new "  Dear Leader " can claim not just a public relations victory but also a tangible accomplishment as he prepared for Monday 's anniversary of Kim Jong Il 's death . Amid the dearth of information , one thing was clear : Kim Jong Un can now stand proud before his people on that big day . "  The question is what does Kim Jong Un intend ? said Leon Sigal , director of the Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project at the Social Science Research Council in New York . "  It 's been an interesting first year but as with most things in North Korea , we simply do n't know , " he said . Few nuclear experts saw the launch as a tremendous technological advancement , but the perceptions were great and gave Kim a big boost in clout . He can say he fulfilled a promise that has kept his family dynasty in power for decades ; that the nation 's persistence to move on -- despite international isolation and internal hardship -- has paid off . In that sense , the satellite launch was proof of progress and power , said Bill Richardson , the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who traveled to North Korea in 2010 . "  He wants to show his people after one year in leadership , North Korea is a strong military , technological , space , nuclear power  with  nuclear weapons , " Richardson said . "  I think that was partly to shore up the military , to shore up his support , " he said . James Schoff , a North Korea specialist with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , agreed . "  I think this is very important to Kim Jong Un to build political legitimacy and bolster the spirits of his people , " he said . "  He is doing this despite the fact that he knows he is going to come into a lot of criticism in the region for it . " The launch was a continuation of Kim Jong Un 's father 's project and it was important to achieve success days ahead of the death anniversary , especially after a failed rocket launch in April . That launch had been timed to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the birth of founding leader Kim Il Sung , the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . "  Then , it was a major embarrassment , " said Han Park , director of the University of Georgia 's Center for the Study of Global Issues who was in North Korea at the time of the failed launch . "  So they tried to rectify that . "  This is a tremendous psychological boost vis-a-vis the South , " Park said referring to the fact that South Korea has not yet put a satellite in space . North Korea 's ruling politburo is sure to spin the story as national dreams coming to fruition under the initiative of Kim , Park said . Sure enough , the state-run news agency KCNA said the launch was "  a desire at the behest " of Kim . "  All the people across the country are greatly excited at the news of the successful launch and progressives are extending sincere congratulations to them , " it said . The sentiment was echoed at a snow-dusted celebratory rally Friday . "  The successful launch was the result of Kim 's "  unique will , courage and boldness , " said Jang Chol , head of the State Academy of Sciences . The rocket launch allows Kim to establish military security for North Korea , said Park , and allows him to move forward with another priority : economic progress . "  This is an important game changer , " Park said . Park , who has been visiting North Korea for decades , said conditions for ordinary North Koreans remain bleak , though there is not the mass starvation the country suffered in the 1990s . "  Kim Jong Un 's primary objective is to improve the economy by participating in the international market , " Park said . That 's a feat that is not possible without U.S. cooperation . "  So he realized he has to improve relations with the outside world , " Park said . "  In the big scheme of things , Kim Jong Un must have thought that North Korea would be taken more seriously  after a rocket launch  . " Sigal said Kim has been consolidating his power for some time by sacking unwanted people from his Cabinet . "  Purge is too strong a word but there have been all sorts of changes , " Sigal said . "  That 's telling me that this guy is taking charge and setting up for economic policy changes . Kim Jong Un staked his personal prestige on economic growth . " Sigal warned that at the moment , there were no signs of any economic changes . Park , however , said he could see some evidence of the North Koreans boosting agricultural production , building hydraulic power plants and other infrastructure and inviting foreign investors . The Chinese , in particular , have taken advantage of that , Park said . Sigal agreed that Kim Jong Un has shown signs that he wants to stimulate economic growth but the problem is that means he has to make a change from his father 's military-first policy that devoted billions of dollars into weapons development . "  The question is does he have the political muscle and the political will to do that ? " Sigal said . "  He has certainly positioned himself to do that . " In the world 's most totalitarian state , it 's difficult to predict the future . But the rocket launch this week certainly cast the spotlight back on the enigmatic nation and served as a reminder to global powers that the North Korean problem is n't just going to slither sway . "  He 's saying to the world , ` Look , I 'm back , ' " Richardson said about Kim Jong Un . "  You ca n't keep me off the headlines . I have to be dealt with . This is the capability I have . " Richardson believes the main message this week has to be that the United States and the four other countries that have been involved in talks with North Korea -- China , Japan , South Korea and Russia -- have to come up with a new approach in their dealings with Pyongyang . "  These guys are serious ; they 've got missiles now , " Richardson said . "  It 's uncertain about the new leader , " he said . "  I 'm disappointed , because I thought maybe there 's a positive political opening with him . " Maybe there still is . Sigal said the only way to get what Washington wants on the nuclear front is to come to the table . It 's also the only way to know more about North Korea . Sigal likes to say that there is only one thing tougher than negotiating . And that 's not negotiating . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	With rocket launch , Kim Jong Un can bolster domestic support Ahead of his father 's death anniversary , leader can say he fulfilled a promise to his people Experts say Kim has positioned himself to make economic changes It 's unclear what will happen next in the reclusive nation
New York  CNN  -- A final report released Friday on the investigation of the mass shooting at Connecticut 's Sandy Hook Elementary School offered snippets of the life of the reclusive and tormented young man who carried out the second deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history . More than anything , the voluminous report -- thousands of pages long -- from the Connecticut State Police closes the final chapter on a massacre that triggered a national debate over gun violence , school safety and mental health . In a heavily redacted page in the report , an unidentified witness told investigators 20-year-old gunman Adam Lanza hated his mother , Nancy , and Sandy Hook Elementary School . She volunteered at the school from 1998 to 2012 , including years when he attended it . "  Lanza apparently felt that his mother loved the students more than him , " the report said . However , a prosecutor 's report released last month concluded that Lanza acted alone and took the motive for the bloodbath to his grave . The previous report quoted a witness who said Lanza did not have an emotional connection to his mother but also cited others who told investigators that they thought the young man was close to his mother and only talked to her . Mostly , Friday 's report offered slight glimpses into the Lanza household . Nancy Lanza discussed her son 's "  disabilities " with a friend the day before her son shot and killed her , 20 first-graders and six staff members at the Newtown school . Over lunch , Nancy Lanza told the friend she had traveled to New Hampshire for a brief trip as "  an experiment to allow Adam to stay at home alone for a few days . " She traveled to New Hampshire on December 11 and returned on December 13 . During the lunch meeting , the friend told investigators , Nancy Lanza "  described a difficult life but gave him the impression that she was courageous and ` handling everything . ' " Adam Lanza , 20 , killed the children and staff with a semi-automatic rife on December 14 , 2012 . Earlier , he killed his mother inside their home . He committed suicide with a handgun as police arrived at the school . One of the responding officers at the school found a group of students and a teacher hidden in a small bathroom blocked behind a bookshelf , Friday 's report said . The teacher did not initially believe police had arrived . An officer slid his badge under the door . One of Lanza 's former teachers told investigators that during what were supposed to be brief creative-writing assignments , the young man produced long , disturbing passages . "  Adam would write ten pages , obsessing over battles , destruction and war , " the teacher said , according to the report . His work was "  so graphic that it could not be shared . " After the shooting , the items investigators removed from the Lanza home included a military-style uniform that was found in Adam Lanza 's room . There were books with titles such as "  Look me in the eye : My life with Aspergers , " "  Born on a Blue Day : Inside the Mind of an Autistic Savant , " and the "  NRA Guide to the Basics of Pistol Shooting . " In text messages in Nancy Lanza 's phone records , the mother expressed concern for her son while texting with friends . "  I REALLY wish I could but I have so much to do and want to spend a little extra time with Adam before I go , " she wrote in one . "  Also , lots of cooking to do because I like to leave him with all his favorites . " In another , she writes , "  I was off to a rough start . Poor Adam bumped his head  really badly  and we were dealing with blood at 5:30 in the morning : He is ok ... It looked worse than it actually is . " Last month , the prosecutor 's report on the case said Lanza "  had significant mental health issues that affected his ability to live a normal life and to interact with others . " "  What contribution this made to the shootings , if any , is unknown as those mental health professionals who saw him did not see anything that would have predicted his future behavior , " the prosecutor 's report added . In Friday 's report , police quoted an unidentified man who said he had dated Nancy Lanza in 2011 and remained friends with her . The man said she told him "  she did not want to be in Connecticut the week of the shooting and was considering taking a trip to be sure she was out of town . This was thought to be some sort of foreshadowing of the incident , " the report said . The London trip was canceled , he said , because of "  a couple of last minute problems on the home front , " the report said . The unidentified man said he did not know what the problems were . The man said "  he knew Lanza to own weapons and that she invited him to go shooting because it was a good stress release . " He told investigators that he visited her house only once and never met Adam . He said Nancy Lanza had retired from work because of her son 's Asperger 's syndrome . She wanted to be with her son , the man said . Lanza had a strange relationship with his mother : They lived in the same house but communicated by e-mail , according to the prosecutor 's report last month . He refused to touch doorknobs and changed clothes several times a day . He loathed holidays and birthdays . Lanza and his mother frequently went target shooting together . Friday 's report said "  a stand alone metal gun safe was located in the closet " in the Lanza home . "  The door of the safe was found open . The door and the lock did not appear damaged . " Adam Lanza 's relationship with his father was equally strange . Peter Lanza told investigators that he would reach out to Adam via e-mail six to eight times a year , even though Adam stopped responding altogether sometime in 2010 , the report said . "  Peter stated that when Adam was approximately 8-9 years old he told him that ` he loved being a kid , ' " said the report . "  Peter also stated that Adam enjoyed his time at the Sandy Hook Elementary School when he was a student there . " Peter Lanza said that when his son was 11 or 12 years old , his demeanor changed , and he became more stressed and frustrated . And the father said he did not have a lot of interaction with his son during the year preceding the shooting , with Peter Lanza feeling "  his ex-wife Nancy was a contributing factor to Adam distancing himself from him . " An unnamed man who said he spoke to Nancy Lanza in the days before the massacre told investigators that she was planning to sell her house and move to Washington state or North Carolina . In Washington , the report said , Adam was to attend a special school he wanted to go to . If they went to North Carolina , Adam was to work for a friend of Nancy Lanza who owned a computer technology business . The report is available at : www.ct.gov/StatePoliceNewtownReport . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter in Atlanta , Yon Pomrenze in New York , and the CNN New York bureau staff contributed to this report .	Gunman Adam Lanza killed himself and 27 others in December 2012 Connecticut State Police report on shootings is thousands of pages long Report discusses Lanza 's school work and his relationship with his parents
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- A quiet rendition of "  Amazing Grace " capped an emotional candlelight vigil Monday night for slain Yale University student Annie Le , whose body was found on what was to have been her wedding day . Students at Yale attend a candlelight vigil for Annie Le Monday night . Several hundred people turned out on the Yale campus for the vigil , crying and hugging each other . Le 's roommate , Natalie Powers , said the 24-year-old graduate student in pharmacology "  was as good a human being as you 'd ever hope to meet . " "  She was also really tenacious and had a sense of humor that was never far away , and she was tougher than you 'd think by just looking at her , " Powers said . "  That this horrible tragedy happened at all is incomprehensible . But that it happened to her I think is infinitely more so . It seems completely senseless . " Connecticut state medical examiners announced Monday that the body found in a Yale medical research building over the weekend was that of Le , who had been missing for nearly a week . Her body was found Sunday hidden in a basement wall . Bloody clothes were found hidden above tiles in a drop ceiling elsewhere in the same building , investigators said . Le was last seen entering the building Tuesday morning . Thomas Kaplan , editor-in-chief of the Yale Daily News , said Le "  really had everything going for her . " "  She was a top scholar . She was very outgoing , a warm person , " Kaplan said . "  You know , she was diminutive in stature , but certainly not in personality . And that 's what I think just makes this so sad for everyone , regardless of whether you knew her . It 's just a tragedy . " Le 's death is being investigated as a homicide , but Connecticut medical examiners released no further information beyond the identification . A candlelight vigil in her honor was scheduled for Monday evening on the campus . A Yale professor said on Monday that the building has good security and only certain people can enter , let alone access certain areas . Professor Gary Rudnick , who interviewed Le when she applied for admission to the graduate program in pharmacology , said it gives him the sense that there could be a "  murderer among us . " No suspects are in custody , but investigators are questioning several people in the case , New Haven Police spokesman Joe Avery said . Watch a report about the case " Kaplan said Le 's killing has left Yale students shocked and wary . "  Only Yalies had access to that basement , and that seems to point to someone in our community being involved in this , " Kaplan said . "  That 's what is so frightening . " Authorities have not described the clothes that were found , nor said to whom they may have belonged . Teams of investigators at a Connecticut State Police lab worked through the weekend processing and examining the blood-stained clothes . Kaplan said a Yale police official told the newspaper the clothes were not what Le was wearing when she entered the building . At a meeting Monday for members of the campus community , Yale officials discussed security and provided an update on the investigation . A faculty member and a student who attended the meeting told CNN that Yale officials said police have narrowed down suspects . Security cameras captured video of Le as she entered the four-story lab building at 10 Amistad Street , about 10 blocks from the main campus , six days ago . After poring over hours of surveillance tapes , authorities said they had not found images of her leaving the building . Rudnick described security in the building as "  very good . " It had restricted access , and simply having a Yale ID card was not enough to get in , he said . Within the building , one had to have special access to enter certain areas , he said . Le was to be married Sunday on New York 's Long Island to Jonathan Widawsky , a graduate student at Columbia University . "  Annie has been planning this wedding for over a year with John , and she was very excited . She 's been doing a countdown to her wedding day , " Jennifer Simpson , a friend in Sacramento , told the CBS "  Early " show . "  She was doing weather patterns to make sure that the weather would be perfect on her wedding day . She just wanted everything to be perfect , everything down to table napkins , to flowers . Annie was very , very excited about this day . " Investigators searched a waste facility Sunday that normally handles garbage from the Yale lab , said William Reiner of the FBI 's New Haven office . The search took place at the Resources Recovery Authority landfill in Hartford , near New Haven . "  In a situation like this , it 's common for us to follow the trash , " Reiner said . Yale University President Richard Levin , in a statement to the campus community , said , "  Our hearts go out to Annie Le 's family , fianc and friends . " The school sent out information Monday from Vice President and Secretary Linda Lorimer saying , "  We are cooperating in all possible ways with the police to ensure they find every shred of physical evidence in the building so they can solve this horrible crime without delay . When the building does reopen , there will be extra security both inside and outside the facility for the foreseeable future . " Lorimer added , "  To augment the substantial security already in place at the Medical School , Yale moved last week to increase security and police patrols on the streets in the area and to add a new bicycle patrol . Yale also added security personnel inside Sterling Hall of Medicine , where Annie Le had her lab . " The school has made grief counselors available , as well as a 24-hour help line number . "  The university chaplain 's office is available to offer pastoral counseling and can put members of the community in contact with those of many faiths and denominations , " the message from Lorimer said . Le , a resident of Placerville , California , seemed to have been well aware of the risks of crime in a university town . In February , she compared crime and safety at Yale to other Ivy League schools for a piece for B magazine , published by the medical school . Among the tips she offered : Keep a minimum amount on your person . And she practiced what she preached , Simpson told the "  Early " show . "  Annie always made sure she was safe , " Simpson said . "  She does n't walk around at night by herself . If she had to work late , she would make sure someone could come pick her up or walk with her . " When she walked over to the research building on Tuesday , she left her purse , credit cards and cell phone in her office . Vanessa Flores , Le 's former roommate , wondered whether the magazine article had something to do with Le 's death . "  The only thing I can possibly think of right now is maybe a psychopath , an antisocial person who -- I do n't know -- maybe got upset about what she wrote about back in February about not being safe , and just kind of wanted to prove her wrong . " Le , originally from California , graduated from Union Mine High School in 2003 , where she was named "  Best of the Best , " and "  Most Likely To Be The Next Einstein . " "  She was very smart , well-rounded , liked by peers and very involved in school , " high school principal Tony DeVille told CNN affiliate WFSB . Le set the bar high for herself , writing in her profile for the National Institutes of Health that she was interested in studying and researching regenerative medicine and hoped to remain working at at NIH or become a professor . Her friends remembered her as one of the nicest people they had ever met . Laurel Griffeath , a high school friend , told NBC 's "  Today " show in Le had a beaming personality matched with impressive intelligence , a girl who "  had it all . " "  Annie was just an amazing person , and I know that when tragedies happen , people always say that , but she truly was , " Griffeath told the "  Today " show . "  She was probably the most brilliant person I 've ever met in my life , but what made her more amazing was that there was an intersection of intelligence and personality and ability and she worked hard and she was great with people and she cared about people and she was funny and she did n't sacrifice one part of her life for another like a lot of people kind of seem to . "  She just really kind of had it all . She was really amazing . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Mary Snow and LaNeice Collins contributed to this report .	NEW : Roommate says horrible tragedy is "  incomprehensible " Grad student Annie Le 's remains found Sunday in basement wall in building Le , 24 , was last seen entering the building Tuesday morning Police : No suspects in custody , but investigators questioning several people
CNN  -- Concorde is a thing of the past , but a number of companies are racing to release the first supersonic business jet . Aerion Corporation is working on a jet that would reach Mach 1.6 and would possibly be ready for release by 2020 , while Spike Aerospace has announced plans for the S-512 , a business jet that could travel at speeds of Mach 1.8 and would be available by 2018 . So why has it taken nearly 50 years to revisit the concept ? According to Vik Kachoria , president and CEO of Spike Aerospace , one of the main issues that plagued the Concorde was the sonic boom -- the disruptive noise that results from the shockwaves created when an object travels faster than the speed of sound . "  At its worst , the sonic boom would sound like a loud thunder clap over your head . It would rattle windows and loosen roof tiles . It was pretty jarring . If you lived under the Concorde 's flight path , you might hear it several times a day , " he says . The effect was so disturbing that most countries either banned supersonic flights , or restricted them from traveling over land . Understandably , this is an issue that the aerospace industry has needed to address in order to make supersonic flight viable . A plane without windows ? Kachoria notes that currently , it makes more sense to develop supersonic business jets than larger commercial aircraft , because the plane 's diminutive size results in a smaller boom . While he 's remained tight-lipped about many aspects of the design  some are still awaiting patent  , he recently announced that the S-512 will be built without windows  except for the one the pilots see out of  , a feature that will reduce drag and overall cost of the unit . "  Even at subsonic speeds , windows add a tremendous cost to the aircraft because the fuselage has to be designed to support those windows . If you eliminate all that , you create piece with less structural issues , less manufacturing costs , and less parts count , " he says . It sounds like a claustrophobe 's nightmare , though Kachoria has attempted to compensate for the windowless design by installing flatscreens , which can either display the view outside , or can be used to show a movie or PowerPoint presentation -- should a conference need to take place in the air . "  It 's not a new concept , but in the past we did n't have the technology -- the flatscreens , or digital cameras to capture the resolution , or the ability to stitch together cameras to create a seamless panoramic view , " he says . Overall , the saving in manufacturing means each unit will cost between $ 60 million to $ 80 million . It 's all in the wing According to Aerion , the main detriment to producing a supersonic aircraft in the near future is n't the boom  an issue even Kachoria admits is still another 15 years or so from being fully resolved  , but the cost . "  The reasons speeds have n't changed much since the 1960s has more to do with economics than technology . You just ca n't have supersonic travel at the rock-bottom fares most passengers prefer " says Jeff Miller , the director of communications for Aerion . "  Those constraints do n't apply to business jets , so it 's most likely supersonic technology will be applied there first . Even so , economy of operation is important , mainly in terms of fuel efficiency . If you ca n't find a way to reduce fuel consumption , you wo n't have a supersonic jet that will get you very far , " he adds . When the Concorde slowed down to below Mach 1 , it burned though more fuel . Aerion has been researching ways to compensate this with the development of the supersonic natural laminar flow  SNLF  wing , which it has been testing in conjunction with NASA . The wing , which is thinner and shorter than typical plane wings , has been proven to reduce friction drag by 80 % , and overall airframe drag by 20 % . "  The more drag , the more power required to push a wing through the air , " explains Miller . A resolution ? While work is being done on the sonic boom issue , neither Aerion nor Spike expect to release a jet before it 's resolved completely . The early models will likely only be able to reach high speeds when traveling over seas . "  We do n't have the sonic boom issue resolved yet , " admits Kachoria , "  you would n't be able to fly above Mach 1 between New York and Los Angeles , for instance . But between Tokyo and LA ? You 'd see a big time savings . "	A few companies are developing supersonic business jets Spike Aerospace has a model that will be built without windows , but will instead have flatscreens lining the cabin The biggest challenges to supersonic flight is cost and mitigating sonic boom
Mental Floss  -- For a serious distance runner , 7 hours , 48 minutes is not a great marathon time . But cut Brian Fugere some slack . He 'd been diagnosed with synovial sarcoma -- a rare soft-tissue cancer -- in his lung . He was in his fourth cycle of chemotherapy . And he was dragging an IV pole for all 26.2 miles . Oh , and this marathon was taking place in a hospital hallway . When Brian Fugere started coughing up blood in February 2005 , he was an active 47-year-old who jogged regularly and once finished the Boston Marathon in a respectable 3 hours , 19 minutes . Life was good for the father of four and senior partner with consulting giant Deloitte in San Francisco , California . He had recently gained a small but devout following after co-authoring "  Why Business People Speak Like Idiots " with Chelsea Hardaway and Jon Warshawsky , a book that espoused the benefits of straight talk . He appeared on cable news shows and wrote op-ed pieces , and his work was the subject of a clue on "  Jeopardy! " Then came the news nobody is prepared to hear . "  I have been diagnosed with a form of cancer called synovial sarcoma , " Fugere wrote friends and colleagues in 2005 . "  Although this usually shows up in and around the joints , mine appears to be in my lung . I am having surgery to remove my lower left lobe , where the tumor has hunkered down . We 're going in for a full assault . " The assault began at UCSF Medical Center , where doctors removed Fugere 's lung-lobe as planned . Next up : chemotherapy at Kaiser Walnut Creek Hospital . The Box of Chocolates Marathon When he first drifted into the oncology floor hallway , he did n't set out to complete a marathon . Originally he was just trying to keep himself from going stir crazy during chemo , which came with a few complications , including a blood clot , pneumonia and anemia . Fugere had been reading Lance Armstrong 's "  It 's Not About the Bike : My Journey Back to Life , " which stressed how important it was to "  keep moving . " "  So , I started moving , " Fugere said . "  I did one , then two , then three , then four , then five laps . Then I started measuring the distance of a lap around the cancer ward and figured out it would take 144 laps to do a marathon . "  So then I figured , why not ? " Fugere called his hallway odyssey the "  Box of Chocolates Marathon , " borrowing a line from Forrest Gump .  "  Life is like a box of chocolates . You never know what you 're gon na get . " "  I want to show other chemo patients that you do n't have to accept the notion of lying in bed all day getting liquid Drano pumped into you , " Fugere said the week of the marathon . "  Well , you do need to get the liquid Drano -- you just do n't need to take it lying down . " When friends , colleagues and hospital staff members learned of the marathon , they wanted to help . Many wrote or called to offer their support . Some walked alongside Fugere , and lots of people opened their wallets . Those 144 laps raised $ 42,000 for the Sarcoma Foundation of America . His feat even landed him in Sports Illustrated 's "  Faces in the Crowd " that October . Keep moving , indeed Five years later , Fugere is cancer free . But he 's continued to heed Lance Armstrong 's advice . In April 2009 , Fugere and a friend ran the American River 50 Mile Endurance Run in Sacramento , California . They dubbed their performance "  The Running of the Fools " and raised $ 31,600 for sarcoma research . And earlier this month , he entered the Vermont 100 Mile Endurance Race . "  I am attempting to win the ` Over 50 , Missing One Lung Lobe ' category , " he joked before the event . It took him 23 hours , 45 minutes , but he finished . After the race , Fugere was too tired to talk about the future . But there 's little doubt whatever he has planned will make the rest of us exhausted when he does tell us . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Brian Fugere was an active 47 year old before being diagnosed with cancer While hospitalized he was inspired by a book so he walked the hallways Later that year he did 144 laps around the hospital -- 26.2 miles -- to raise funds for charity Fugere continues to run and raise money for sarcoma research
Hong Kong  CNN  "  We 'll be back " banners and posters proclaimed on the 75th and final day of the pro-democracy protests that have upended Hong Kong . Whether that 's a threat or a wan hope depends on who you ask right now . The students that formed the "  Umbrella Movement " -- named for the humble umbrella used to protect against tear gas and pepper spray -- are morose but defiant , and more alienated than ever . Pro-government supporters have transformed from being rather passionless parrots of the Beijing line into fire-breathing zealots demanding Hong Kong police bash the heads of anyone stepping into the streets . Emotions are clearly raw , and probably will continue to be into 2015 . The "  Occupy Central " protests make the upcoming annual policy address by the city 's leader , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung , in mid January the most critical since Hong Kong reunified with China in 1997 . Continuing to stand firm and largely ignore protesters wo n't fix the sources of so much "  turmoil " -- a term associated with the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre and controversially used in the South China Morning Post 's headline on Occupy Central 's ending . The governments in Hong Kong and Beijing must demonstrate clear understanding of what drove so many to protest so long . Unless the diagnosis is correct , prescriptions of "  medicines " will do more harm than good . PHOTOS : Hong Kong protesters bid camp farewell Demand to be heard Demands for democracy are in reality demands to be heard . Leung must show he listens to everyone , that he cares , and that he will take action -- decisive , but fair action . And that 's the rub . Research shows one crucial value -- belief in a level playing field -- has become deeply damaged . Hong Kongers once widely believed with hard work , some sacrifice and good education , anyone could improve their circumstances and achieve a good livelihood . Tycoons like Li Ka-Shing were adulated because they started with nothing and worked their way up . Today many fewer than before think hard work , sacrifice and good education can lead to better lives . Indeed , many more believe government policy-making is unfair . As proof this is one major cause of unrest , the protest movement caught fire when local government officials refused to meet students demanding to be heard . Instead , they escorted 70 of the richest Hong Kongers to Beijing for private audiences with national leaders . Talking with students , on the other hand , helped to reduce numbers of protestors . They demanded fair treatment , equal to that given the tycoons . The promise of a new platform for exchanging views with youth must be fleshed out in the address . Leung needs to schedule regular question and answer sessions with students like he already does with the city 's chambers of commerce . Until those presently excluded from consultation are included , the belief the city 's leader unfairly heeds business interests over everyone else will continue to undermine government legitimacy . Causes of unrest Other fundamental causes of unrest stem from unintended consequences of previous decisions . A 2010 policy decision privatizing commercial space in public housing estates removed cheap rental access for younger and poorer entrepreneurs making Hong Kong 's tycoon-dominated crony capitalism even tougher to break through . A real competition policy with teeth that makes sure tycoons compete equally with everyone else for business is essential . Rationalizing the hodgepodge of retirement ages and pension provisions into something simplified , consistent and fair is a must . Many youth resent being unfairly burdened with aging family members , and government shows very little awareness or sense of urgency . A proposal this year to extend the retirement age for civil servants to 65 prompted demands from unions to raise it immediately . People must be truly desperate . Elsewhere , proposing to raise the retirement age sparks protests . Here , it sparks demands for immediate implementation . People do n't want handouts ; they want fair treatment , whatever their age . Another source of unrest is the sheer press of numbers on our limited space . I strongly supported the decision to finally extend easier entry for mainland Chinese visitors in 2003 . However , from a too low number of 8.5 million mainland tourists arriving in 2003 , we now very likely have too many for our infrastructure to handle . With 40.7 million mainland Chinese visitors , we are likely hitting capacity . Chauffeured cars Hong Kong needs central and local government officials who understand life 's daily pressures and stress points . Perhaps Hong Kong should imitate what President Xi Jinping 's anti-corruption policies have unleashed on the mainland : Officials getting out of their chauffeured cars , giving up their maid service and joining the rest of us standing in long lines . It would only be fair . And that is why Occupy Central demanded that the next election for the city chief executive be fair . Everything else is not ; and the tycoons and top officials do n't get it . Until they do , Occupy Central 's promise/threat of "  we 'll be back " is probably right .	The main pro-democracy protest camp was cleared on Thursday Banners and posters proclaimed "  We 'll be back , " Hong Kong and Beijing need to understand why so many demonstrated
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Singer Rihanna cleared her schedule to testify next month in the case against singer Chris Brown , who is charged with brutally beating her earlier this year , her lawyer said . Rihanna 's lawyer revealed that the singer will comply when prosecutors call her as a witness . While Brown 's lawyer previously indicated he hoped to resolve the case without public testimony , Los Angeles Criminal Court Judge Patricia Schnegg set on Thursday a preliminary hearing for June 22 . Schnegg also ruled Thursday that a leak of police photos showing Rihanna 's bruised and bloodied face would not affect the prosecution of Brown . Brown , 19 , faces two felony counts of assault and making criminal threats stemming from an early morning incident on a Hollywood street in February . After a short motions hearing Thursday , Rihanna 's lawyer Donald Etra revealed that prosecutors told him they would call Rihanna -- whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty -- as a witness at next month 's hearing . "  She will definitely comply with the subpoena and any court order , " Etra said . While he would not disclose whether she still had contact with Brown , he said , "  She 's monitoring closely the progress of this case . " Rihanna 's schedule has been cleared for the expected court date , he said . It is unclear whether Brown and Rihanna are still in a relationship . Brown 's lawyer Mark Geragos was unsuccessful in his effort Thursday to get police records concerning their internal investigation of the leaking of the Rihanna photos . The judge said she might change her mind before a trial , but -- for now -- those records are not relevant to the case against Brown . Brown , who issued a public apology for the incident in February , recorded a short video posted on YouTube this week in which he said "  I ai n't a monster . " He entered "  not guilty " pleas in an earlier court appearance . If Brown is convicted on the two counts , he could be sentenced to anywhere from probation to four years and eight months in prison , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office has said . The alleged attack happened in February during an argument that began when 21-year-old Rihanna , who had been dating Brown , found a text message from another woman on his cell phone , according to a sworn police statement . CNN 's K.J. Matthews contributed to this report .	Lawyer says singer has cleared her schedule to comply with a subpoena Chris Brown previously said he hoped to resolve the case without public testimony Judge : Leak of photo showing Rihanna with bloodied face wo n't hinder prosecution Brown allegedly attacked Rihanna after she found text from another woman
CNN  -- When an official from the Internal Revenue Service decides to take the Fifth before a congressional committee and is then put on administrative leave , as Lois Lerner was recently , hearts on the political right surely beat a little faster . Does this mean that at least one of the controversies swirling around the Obama administration in recent weeks will gain strength , perhaps enough to pull him under ? So far it appears that the administration 's trio of troubles -- the IRS 's scrutiny of the tea party , the Justice Department 's investigation of journalists , and the State Department 's handling of the Benghazi attacks -- lack some of the key ingredients required to brew a strong scandal , the kind that does some serious damage , that produces widespread public interest and intense emotional involvement , and stains an administration , leaving its mark on history . The IRS controversy and Lerner drama stokes the sense of crisis in Washington . But Americans are hardly alone in discovering troubling developments in high places . The world is awash in scandals , partly the result of new technologies . In countries where people have long felt they had no voice , the powerful are feeling new public scrutiny . The most resonant scandals take an already-existing concern and turn it into a concrete story , one that gets the popular blood boiling . To gain traction , it must demonstrate a clear-cut example of abuse of power that is part of a pattern , not just an isolated instance of incompetence , stupidity or poor judgment . It must lead directly to a powerful individual , and must represent a problem that is viewed as having serious implications , even if the case itself is not necessarily consequential . Of the three controversies brewing in the U.S. , the IRS affair has the greatest potential to get the public emotionally involved , because the tax agency has power over everyone . Bureaucratic overreach feels potentially threatening to all . A higher-stakes example can be found in the case of the impoverished Tunisian street vendor Mohammed Bouazizi . In 2010 , after a municipal employee confiscated his produce , Bouazizi , despairing at the injustice and his own powerlessness , set himself on fire . His case resonated . It was a minor instance in the larger scheme of corruption and dictatorship , but it sparked a revolutionary fire that keeps burning to this day across the Middle East and North Africa . In Mexico , an incident that in the past would have passed without notice spread rapidly over the Internet , ultimately requiring presidential action . The daughter of the head of the consumer protection agency showed up at the trendy Maximo Bistrot in the capital without a reservation . When she could not get a table , she threatened to have the place shut down . Officials from her father 's agency , known as Profeco , promptly raided the establishment . "  Lady Profeco , " as Andrea Benitez came to be known , became the personification of the super-entitled member of the elite , a character Mexicans know well and have long resented . Benitez 's image , holding a cell phone to her ear and wearing fashionable sunglasses , spread in online parodies . Last week , Mexico 's president fired her father . In the U.S. , the unfolding storylines are raising hopes among the president 's critics -- and fear among his supporters -- that they will derail his presidency or at least snuff out his second-term agenda . They involve unquestionably important issues : The government undermines the First Amendment when the Justice Department spies on reporters . If the IRS is targeting groups because they oppose government policies , that is a clear and egregious abuse of power . And the disaster in Libya raises important questions about security and transparency . And yet , Americans as a whole do n't appear to view these cases as emblematic of a particular problem with the current presidency . Polls show most Americans -- 58 % -- still view Obama as "  honest and trustworthy . " An even greater number , 79 % , consider the president likable . That explains why even though most Americans consider the cases "  very important to the nation , " the approval rating for Obama has not suffered . This presents a challenge to those who want to see the scandals demolish the Obama presidency and shut down his agenda . A scandal loses some of its power to demolish when it is viewed as a political game . All this , of course , could change . An official 's decision to invoke the right against self-incrimination certainly adds to the air of suspicion . But when the president 's image does not fit neatly with the revelations in a potential scandal , then the facts of the case , the continuing drops of new information , must have the power to redraw that image . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Controversy over IRS official gives hope to those hoping for an Obama scandal She says new technology today helps unearth , stoke scandals globally Recipe for scandal : high official in clear-cut story that bears out suspicion of power abuse Ghitis : Obama still popular ; "  scandal " is n't quite sticking to him
CNN  -- The head of world soccer Sepp Blatter has again been caught up in controversy -- but this time it was all the fault of a fake FIFA president . Blatter 's Twitter account was hacked on Monday as was FIFA 's official account for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . As well saying he was stepping down as FIFA president , the bogus tweets referred to Blatter and Qatar 's winning 2022 World Cup bid . "  Some FIFA accounts , including @SeppBlatter and @fifaworldcup , have been hacked , " said FIFA in a statement . A group calling themselves the Syrian Electronic Army -- said to be supportive of the country 's leader Bashar Al-Assad -- claimed responsibility for hacking the accounts . "  This sort of attack is about getting a point across , " Sian John , security strategist at software and security firm Symantec , told CNN . "  Hacking comes back to manipulation . Some groups do it to gain money and some of them to do it to get a point across . There are different motivating factors . " Last month , the Syrian Electronic Army hacked into several of British broadcaster the BBC 's accounts . Prior to the hacking of Blatter , another Twitter account emerged -- @Fifnonymous -- which threatened to disclose confidential FIFA documents , though it was quickly deleted or suspended . It is unclear whether the account was genuine or a hoax . "  At no time did an account with this name come up in any discussions with Twitter , " a FIFA spokesman told CNN . Other high-profile victims of hacking include Burger King and Jeep , whose Twitter accounts were both hijacked in February . Twitter 's own systems were hacked earlier this year , with attackers gaining access to usernames as well as encrypted and randomized passwords for about 250,000 users . "  As we are online so much more now , I 'd expect to see more high-profile attacks , " added John . "  It 's not a reason to panic but a reason to take a step back and think how we should protect ourselves online . "  I spend most of my time trying to encourage companies to make information security a priority . People used to see it as an IT problem -- but now they see it as a business problem . "  The challenge for businesses now is how they manage the impact on their brand if they were to have an attack . " Blatter may have been targeted because he divides opinion , regularly attracting controversy over his leadership but also helping promote soccer across the globe . A series of corruption scandals within FIFA , his botched re-election campaign -- where his only opponent was barred from standing after another corruption scandal -- and the failure of England 's bid to host the 2018 World Cup to attract any interest in FIFA 's corridors of power  despite having the best technical report  led to an outpouring of criticism of Blatter . However , his dedication to grassroots football and the game 's growth in Africa , the Middle East and Asia are widely regarded as positives of his presidency . When Blatter joined the federation , 146 countries were members . Now , there are 209 member nations , earning Fifa the nickname the "  United Nations of Football " . Despite the embarrassment for FIFA and Blatter , security expert John urged him to continue tweeting . Password panic "  Open attacks are most often down to the users themselves , " John explained . "  Strong passwords are crucial to prevent hacking . "  I ask friends five questions and if any of the answers they give me are part of their passwords then they have failed the test . "  The questions are spouse 's name , significant birthdays , favorite sporting team , siblings and pet 's name . Many a dog has died and lived on in a password . "  The key is not panicking . There 's no need to stay off social media or the internet -- it 's about thinking about the dangers . "  Secure your password , do n't use social media on free public wifi , do n't let people see what you 're typing -- and do n't say something on social media which you would n't be prepared to shout out at in a public space . " A Twitter spokesman was not immediately available for comment on the hacking of the Blatter and FIFA 's accounts . FIFA president since 1998 , the 77-year-old Blatter has not yet announced whether he will be standing for a fifth term when his current term ends in 2015 . But if he does , he may want to set a new password first .	FIFA president Sepp Blatter 's Twitter account hacked Hackers also write bogus messages on official Twitter page for 2016 World Cup A fake Twitter account recently threatened to disclose confidential FIFA documents Blatter 's 15-year tenure as FIFA president has divided opinion
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- A United Nations peacekeeper working to clear landmines died Wednesday in southern Lebanon , according to a spokeswoman for the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon . U.N. peacekeepers have had a presence in Lebanon since 1978 after Israel withdrew . The person died in an explosion as the UNIFIL explosive ordnance disposal team surveyed a field near the village of Aitaroun , where mines are believed to have been planted , according to spokeswoman Yasmina Bouziane . It was UNIFIL 's second mine-related death since 2006 , she said . "  UNIFIL medical and explosive ordnance disposal teams were immediately dispatched to the location and an investigation is under way , " she said . She would not disclose the person 's nationality and said she hoped to have more details about how the person was killed when the investigation is completed "  hopefully by tomorrow . " There are about 15,000 UNIFIL troops in southern Lebanon . The force was set up in 1978 after Israeli forces withdrew from Lebanon , but more troops were added following the 2006 war between Israel and Hezbollah forces in Lebanon . Last week , the U.N. Security Council extended UNIFIL 's mandate for another year until August 2009 . Wednesday 's death is the first UNIFIL fatality since June , when a Spanish peacekeeper died in a road accident in southern Lebanon . Last year , a bomb attack hit a UNIFIL vehicle in June , killing six peacekeepers . A French peacekeeper with UNIFIL died a month later while clearing unexploded ordnance left over from the 2006 war . While it is unclear what type of device killed the member of the explosive ordinance disposal team on Wednesday , the United Nations has warned that the area is still covered in cluster munitions from the 2006 conflict . Last month , the head of the U.N. Mine Action Coordination Center of South Lebanon said it has removed half of the cluster munitions that were planted in southern Lebanon during the 34-day conflict between Israel and Hezbollah . CNN 's Nada Husseini in Beirut contributed to this report .	U.N. peacekeeper dies during attempt to remove unexploded ordnance Incident happened near Aitaroun , in southern Lebanon A Spanish peacekeeper died in the area after a car accident in June
CNN  -- There have been a few moments in our history when a generation has used the power of its numbers and its passion for a cause to transcend a deeply divided society and change the course of the future for the better . We 've come to one of those moments . About every 80 years , a young civic generation has forced the nation to deal with its fundamental challenges , according to Morley Winograd and Michael Hais in their 2011 book , "  Millennial Momentum . " They cite the American Revolution , the Civil War and the New Deal as key moments when a generation came together to create a different society . Today 's millennial generation is the next generation to wield that power . I am a baby boomer . In the late 1960s , my generation rallied to make the case that a woman 's right to choose should be guaranteed , and , 40 years ago on Tuesday , the Supreme Court handed down the landmark Roe v. Wade decision . Today , younger than 40 have always lived in an America where abortion has been legal . The pre-Roe v. Wade America is an America I remember all too well . Before and after Roe v. Wade Privileged women traveled overseas to get a safe , legal abortion . However , more often than not , women stayed in the U.S. and were forced to go to back-street providers where they were humiliated and sometimes even died from these procedures . Memories of that era are fading as time goes by . But this past election cycle has proved that reproductive rights are still on the line . While Roe might guarantee the right to choose , a loud and organized movement is chipping away at a woman 's ability to exercise her reproductive rights . In 2012 , lawmakers enacted 42 anti-choice measures in 25 states . As Roe v. Wade marks its 40th anniversary , Winograd and Hais 's millennial generation is coming of age . Numbering 77 million , by the 2020 election , they will make up nearly 40 % of the electorate . They are educated , motivated and progressive . They will be able to sway elections , determine public policy and transform America . Research tells us that millennials are overwhelmingly pro-choice , and we have seen them take a stand . Like most of the public , millennials believe that politicians should not interfere with women 's health care . And in turn , millennials have joined efforts to defeat Mississippi 's "  personhood " amendment , to protect funding for women 's health services and to reject anti-choice candidates in the 2012 election . But it is crucial that even more pro-choice millennials continue to see the connection between the personal and the political because anti-choice activists are not slowing down . Four decades after Roe : A legacy of law and morality During the past two presidential elections , we have seen millennials ' ability to exercise their power , speak up and change the fabric of our nation . Many are speaking up online , in the voting booth , at the grass-roots level and in the hallways of our organizations . They are telling their stories and charting their own path , but it is critical that we create pathways to broaden and build a new conversation about protecting women 's reproductive health . There is tremendous promise for what this generation can achieve , and where it wants to lead the conversation about the right to choose . As Roe v. Wade turns 40 , the story of choice is at a crossroads . I know , with our voices combined , we will secure this hard-fought freedom for generations to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Keenan .	Nancy Keenan : Tuesday marks 40th anniversary of Roe v Wade making abortion legal Keenan : Millennial generation will play role in guiding policies The baton to support pro-choice and Roe v Wade is passed to the millennials , she says Keenan : Millennials will be nearly 40 % of electorate in 2020
London  CNN  -- Lego might not seem like the sort of thing to make your blood boil . The venerable toy is one of the most popular playthings of all time . People of all ages love it . And if previous years are anything to go by , Christmas stockings will soon be bulging with the stuff . But the irony is that because people feel such visceral affection for the toy , they tend to fly into a rage when they believe its standards are slipping . In fact , I 'm getting a bit hot under the collar myself . The latest furore concerns Lego 's "  franchise " sets , which depict scenes from movies like "  Star Wars , " "  Lord Of the Rings , " and "  Marvel . " Principled Lego enthusiasts have been arguing that they undermine the whole point of the toy , as they encourage children to construct showpiece models from instruction booklets rather than building something from their own imaginations . "  Lego taught me the art of creative destruction -- the need to break something in order to make something better , " wrote the blogger Chris Swan . "  Lego for me was always about creativity , remaking and improving on existing designs . Those things do n't happen with the sets that are designed to build a model of a single thing . "  Good old generic Lego , with endless possibilities on offer , has n't gone away , it 's just been drowned in a sea of marketing for other brands . " Lego spokesman Roar Rude Trangbaek contested these claims . "  The bricks will probably still end up in big boxes in homes and that will act as a pool for creativity , " he said . But many believe that the complex pieces contained in franchise sets make it very difficult for children to pursue their own designs  Lego now manufactures no less than 3,000 individual pieces  . This is not the only time that Lego has found itself embroiled in controversy . In 2011 , when it released "  Lego Friends , " a range aimed at girls that included beauty parlors , cupcake bakeries and great quantities of the color pink , it was accused of crude gender stereotyping . As one seven-year-old girl wrote in a viral letter , "  all the girls did was sit at home , go to the beach , and shop , and they had no jobs , but the boys went on adventures , worked , saved people , and had jobs , even swam with sharks . " Lego 's ham-fisted attempt to address these concerns , a new set called "  Research Institute " that featured female scientists , sold out within days . For any discerning adult , all this makes you want to weep . Whatever happened to the idea of buying big bags of Lego for your children and letting their imaginations do the rest ? It all seems a long way from the guiding principle of Lego 's founder , the Danish toymaker Ole Kirk Christiansen , that "  Der bedster er ikke for godt " -- "  only the best is worthy . " And it supports the general impression that the classic toys of previous decades are being replaced by overly commercialized , sexualized , dumbed-down bits of tat . Let 's skip Sindy and Barbie and take , for instance , Playmobil . Its new City Life range , which is aimed squarely at girls , includes scenes like "  Shopping Center , " "  Beauty Salon , " and "  Clothing Boutique , " all awash with sickly pink .  Because that 's what girls are supposed to be into , right ? Boys , however , are presented with the "  Top Agents " range , which includes a video camera that can be attached to a remote-control car so that kids can spy remotely on people  let 's not mention the ethical tension between privacy and surveillance  . This bears scant resemblance to the traditional Playmobil -- those innocent little figures with the inverted crescent smile , those skinny horses to clip them on -- which fired the imaginations of generations of children over the last few decades . Now , we all understand that toy manufacturers are not charities . They are in it for the money , and good for them . But play is a vitally important part of a child 's development , and toy manufactures are uniquely placed to influence their lives -- for the better or for the worse . Why do we stand back while they ride roughshod over our kids ' moral and spiritual well-being in the pursuit of maximum profit ? Obviously , creating multiple differentials and marketing towards them is good for business . The more the consumer -- that is , the child -- can be sold the idea that this particular product is essential for a lifestyle aspiration , the more the dollars will come rolling in . It makes for a depressing indictment of society 's view of childhood . As Christmas approaches , millions of harassed adults will stream into toy stores all over the world in search of that special something that will make their little one 's eyes light up . In the vast majority of those stores , the toys will be divided by gender . Boys ' toys will be largely action-based , while girls ' toys will be centered around dolls , homemaking and the attempt to conform to a specific idea of beauty , all decked out in pink and tied with a bow . The gifts will be selected , wrapped and presented . There will follow two days of mayhem . The girls will instantly be wearing tacky princess dresses ; the boys will be armed to the teeth and roaring . Toys that appear impressive but are actually impossible to play with will be littered in the corners of rooms . Electronic noises will blare unneeded from every corner , and children will enter a vegetative state as they sit for hour upon hour in the dystopian glow of various screens . Now , I 'm not a Christian . But it strikes me that Christmas should be more than just an orgy of consumerism . This Yuletide , therefore , perhaps we should consider these questions seriously . What sort of adults will today 's children become ? What sort of world will they create ? And what are their toys actually doing to them ?	Christmas stockings will be bulging with Lego , especially sets depicting movie scenes Lego enthusiasts argue they undermine point of toy , to stimulate imaginations Play is vitally important part of a child 's development , says Jake Wallis Simons Aspirational toys make for depressing indictment of society 's view of childhood , he argues
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William has helped save a teenage girl who was in danger of drowning off the coast of Wales in his role as Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot . The 16-year-old girl was caught in a rip current and rapidly losing strength when the alarm was raised Thursday , a statement from the RAF Search and Rescue Force said . William , the grandson of Queen Elizabeth II , had just landed a Sea King helicopter nearby , after going out on a routine exercise , when the alert was radioed through . Former PM : William and Kate reinvigorated monarchy In less than a minute , he and the crew had reached the scene and a paramedic was winched down into the sea to assist the exhausted girl , who had just gone under water . The paramedic , Master Aircrew "  Harry " Harrison , is quoted as saying : "  We never know what we 'll face when we 're called out . Sometimes it 's just a twisted ankle or a broken bone , but this was one rescue where we truly did arrive in the nick of time and managed to save this young girl 's life . " The girl and a younger friend , who was rescued by a surfer , had been body-boarding in Silver Bay , the statement said . Both were airlifted to the hospital in Bangor , north Wales , for treatment . The 16-year-old girl told the air crew she had thought she would drown , the statement said . Prince William , known to his RAF comrades as Flight Lt. Wales , has been stationed at a search-and-rescue base on the remote Welsh island of Anglesey since 2010 , and lives there with Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge . William 's grandfather , Prince Philip , was admitted to a hospital in Scotland on Wednesday after the recurrence of a bladder infection and continues to receive treatment there . Buckingham Palace said Friday that Philip was making progress but that doctors had advised rest . UK 's Prince Philip ` making progress , ' palace says Prince Philip : The man behind the queen CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	Prince William piloted a helicopter that rescued a 16-year-old girl from a rip current The girl had been caught up by the current while body boarding off the Welsh coast William is a fully qualified Royal Air Force search-and-rescue pilot
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is threatening to kill the 73 Yemeni troops it is holding hostage if the government does not release al Qaeda prisoners . In a statement issued late Thursday , the group advised family members of the hostages to push the government to cooperate , but a senior security official in the southern province of Abyan , where the troops are being held , said the government would not give in to the group 's demands . "  We will work on freeing the soldiers being held by the militants , but only by reasonable means . The government will not set free any militants . This will only make the terror crisis even worse , " said the security official , who is not authorized to talk to media . The official said three of the troops had already been killed . The threat of more killings came as Yemen mourned the approximately 200 troops killed this week by al Qaeda in three Yemeni provinces . President Abdurabu Hadi vowed Thursday to step up government efforts to fight al Qaeda , saying he will not allow Yemen to fall into the hands of extremists . A delegation from the Yemen Military Committee , the highest security authority in the country , reached Abyan on Wednesday as part of an investigation into how al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  has been able to score consistent victories in the region over the past week . Western officials describe AQAP as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate . "  We expected obstacles , but the president will do all in his power to uproot the terror militants from the country , " said Yahya al-Arassi , the president 's spokesman . "  This is a promise he gave the people . " AQAP has tried to win support by portraying itself as a defender of Yemenis against a U.S.-backed dictatorship . The group is linked to jihadist fighters who have taken control of swathes of southern Yemen . The United Nations refugee agency said Friday that tens of thousands of civilians are fleeing tribal clashes in the north and fighting between government troops and militants in the south . In the Haradh governorate , north of the capital , Sanaa , tribal clashes over the past three months have displaced about 52,000 people , Yemeni authorities have said , according to the spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Adrian Edwards . Another 314,000 Yemenis were already displaced in the country 's north , he said in a news release . A peace agreement was signed in June 2010 between the government and Al-Houti forces but the situation in northern Yemen is volatile and insecure , the UNHCR said . "  We continue to run two camps for displaced Yemenis in the north and have been providing assistance to internally displaced persons in the camps and in host communities , " Edwards said . In the south , at least 1,800 people have been displaced by recent fighting between government troops and militants in the Abyan governorate , the UNHCR said . They have joined more than 150,000 others in the south who have been displaced since last May , when the conflict began .	Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula vows to kill 73 Yemeni troops It wants the government to release al Qaeda prisoners The government rejects the demands Al Qaeda has killed around 200 troops in the past week
Editor 's note : Simon Johnson , a former International Monetary Fund chief economist , is a professor at MIT Sloan School of Management and a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics . Peter Boone is chairman of Effective Intervention , a UK-based charity , and a research associate at the Centre for Economic Performance , London School of Economics . They run http://baselinescenario.com/ , a global economy Web site . Simon Johnson , above , and Peter Boone say the U.S. could be in for a long period of virtually no growth . CNN  -- Euphoria returns ! Who could have guessed that Bank of America stock would rally 70 percent the week it learns the Feds are demanding new capital equal to nearly half the bank 's market capitalization ? The ongoing grim news -- on rising unemployment , continued  albeit slower  economic decline , and ordinary working Americans being hammered on all sides -- is being ignored by stock and commodity markets . Is America now back on track for growth ? The answer to that is almost surely no . Rising stock markets do n't necessarily mean a sharp recovery is under way . Consider the case of Japan in its first lost decade of the 1990s . After falling 63 percent from its peak in late 1989 , the Nikkei staged a 32 percent rally in one month . It then remained volatile but around the same level for nearly 10 years -- because the return on assets and capital investors could earn proved so low throughout that economy . During the 1990s , Japan 's banking system was burdened with bad loans that kept eating into profits and its nonfinancial companies had excess capacity that had to be wound down ; these problems were made worse by a decline in the working population . The initial excess of capital , supplemented by high ongoing savings from households and corporations , kept interest rates low . Throughout this period the price/earnings ratio on stocks ranged from 30 to 50  it 's 51 today  , compared with 15 to 20 in Europe and the United States . The logic was simple : With so little return available on all assets , local investors were willing to pay up for stocks even if the dividends were a paltry 1-2 percent . Does this sound familiar ? We think so . The current rally in stocks marks one clear success -- the fear of a systemic collapse due to loss of confidence in our financial system has subsided . This is good news , and an important achievement of President Obama 's team . However , our "  turning Japanese " phase may just have begun . The "  stress tests " that were just completed do not mark the renewed health of our banking system . We still have 22 percent of Americans with houses worth less than their mortgages , and there are parallel problems for commercial property and other sectors . Many bankruptcies are yet to come . Most publicly traded large homebuilders are deep in debt , yet they are burning cash and waiting to see if -- magically -- the two-year stock of unsold housing can somehow disappear . We 've barely begun to downsize our auto industry , and the parts suppliers and dealers that go along with it , to reflect the lower level of consumer spending and scarcer availability of credit for the future . All of this is also true across much of Europe . In essence , Europe and the United States both are saddled with zombie banks  which do n't really lend  , zombie corporations  which do n't grow  , and a decline in the relative size of the working population  as more people try to retire  . This "  Japanese " scenario can persist for many years . The biggest risk now is that the Federal Reserve and the Treasury try to re-leverage our way out of a Japanese-style prolonged recession by flooding the economy with cheap credit -- like they did in 2002 , but to an even greater degree . Cheap government finance for powerful banks is a great cocktail for re-election ; running stress tests that were n't really stressful is a good indication this is where policy is heading . This time the money wo n't come from consumers  or from China , as it did after 2002  ; it will be American and European central banks providing funds and our governments running massive budget deficits . If this is the strategy , the next crisis will be even more traumatic . Budget deficits over 10 percent of Gross Domestic Product and trillions of dollars of new loans to the banks from the Federal Reserve are recipes for hyperinflation and , if the Fed and Treasury do n't pull away the punch bowl soon , sharply increasing inflation is very much in the cards . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Johnson and Peter Boone .	Johnson , Boone : Stocks are rallying as if economy is out of the woods They say that 's premature , and we could be in for a long period of stagnation Japan 's economy suffered for years from similar problems , they say Johnson , Boone : We have zombie banks and zombie companies
CNN  -- Where better to start a record-breaking solar powered flight than the desert ? The UAE may be one of the most oil dependent states in the world , but next March it will be the start and finish location for Solar Impulse 2 , a solar-powered plane that aims to circumnavigate the world using only the power of the sun . The Solar Impulse made headlines last year when , piloted by co-founders Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg , it took a solar-powered trip across the United States . A single-seater plane fitted with 12,000 solar cells and four electrically-powered propellers , it was also the first aircraft powered by renewable energy that could fly non-stop for 24 hours . The next version , the Solar Impulse 2 , will have 17,000 solar cells built into the wings that have a span longer than a Boeing 747 . The plane is expected to make the round-the-world trip in around four to five months , with some legs lasting as long as 120 hours non-stop . The first and last stop will be Abu Dhabi . "  This well-matched partnership will show Abu Dhabi to be a center of expertise when it comes to renewable energy , " said Piccard in an official statement . "  At the same time , Solar Impulse will demonstrate the far-reaching applications of clean energy during the first solar-powered flight around the world . " Masdar , Abu Dhabi 's renewable energy company , is also a partner in the project , and will help the Solar Impulse team train and test the aircraft before it takes to the skies . "  Abu Dhabi , Masdar and Solar Impulse have in common a pioneering spirit , a long-term vision and a desire to explore new horizons , " said Dr. Sultan Ahmad Al Jaber , Masdar 's chairman , and the UAE minister of state , also in an official statement , adding : "  We share a commitment to foster the development of technological advances in alternative energy sources in order to contribute to a cleaner , more sustainable future . "	Solar Impulse 2 plans to make a record-breaking solar flight around the world Abu Dhabi is the host city for the trip The plane will fly around the world in four to five months It will fly as long as 120 hours non-stop
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Early this year Ukraine -- along with much of eastern Europe -- was caught in a deep and protracted cold snap . Many froze to death , energy demand spiked , and to top it all Russia accused Ukraine of stealing gas from transit pipes destined for western Europe for the second time in three years . Ukraine issued a firm denial , adding another blot to the two nations ' fraught -- but highly dependent -- relationship . The fact remains that Ukraine needs Russian gas while Russia needs Ukraine 's transit pipeline to export west . The spat came on the heels of a disastrous relationship meltdown in 2009 , when for two nerve-wracking weeks Russia abruptly stopped pumping gas to Ukraine and Europe . The Russian energy giant Gazprom claimed Ukraine 's gas company -- Naftogaz Ukrainy -- owed it huge sums of money in missed payments and fines . However , Naftogaz countered that it had paid the bill and claimed that Gazprom was in fact trying to force it to accept a new price for gas which it could ill afford . They eventually reached a deal , but Ukraine 's Prime Minister Mykola Azarov still maintains that the terms are unfair : "  Americans pay $ 70 for 1000 cubic meters of gas when Ukraine pays $ 550 to Russia for the same amount . It means almost ten times more . Tell me what kind of economy can take this ? " He told CNN . However , America benefits from its own vast reserves of natural gas , and Russia argues that still Ukraine gets it for less than consumers in Poland , Hungary , Turkey and Romania . So , while Ukraine tries to negotiate a better deal with Russia , it 's also working to break its dependency on Russian gas and diversify its sources of energy . A key part of the plan is to import liquid natural gas from other countries -- such as Azerbaijan -- which will be processed at a terminal built near the vast port of Odessa on the Black Sea . The head of the project , Vitaly Demyanin , says that by 2018 it should have replaced 30 % of existing Russian gas imports . "  It will have 10 billion cubic meters of alternative gas . It will help us to negotiate with our main supplier , " he said . At the same time Yury Boiko , the Ukrainian energy minister , has high hopes that shale gas -- formed deep underground within large shale rock formations -- could also be a major alternative source of power in the decades to come . He told CNN that shale gas exploration in western Ukraine has "  very large potential . " But it 's not just alternative gas supplies that the energy-hungry nation of 44.8 million residents has in its sights . The government has pledged to invest heavily in green energy . However , this wo n't do much to bolster their eco-credentials , as they are also planning to burn a great deal more coal too . It 's all testament to their increasing desire to generate power without recourse to gas . Meanwhile , as Ukraine looks for other energy supplies , Russia is looking for other ways to get its gas to Europe . Russia is the world 's biggest producer of natural gas and supplies Europe with nearly 40 % of its imports , according to the European Commission . It has already built one pipeline that bypasses Ukraine . The 765-mile long "  Nord Stream " pipeline -- costing more than $ 12 billion -- directly links Russia with the European Union via the Baltic Sea bed . At its launch in 2011 , the then Russian Prime Minister , now President , Vladimir Putin , made an ominous and thinly-veiled reference to his Ukrainian neighbors . "  Any transit country has always the temptation to take advantage of its transit status , " he said . "  That exclusivity is now disappearing . " At the end of this year , Russia plans to begin construction on another gas pipe to Europe -- the "  South Stream " -- running through the Black Sea to Bulgaria and on to Greece , Italy and Austria . The projects threaten to strip Ukraine of billions in revenue and any remaining leverage it might have over future gas prices . But in an effort to salvage long-term relations , Ukraine is now proposing a new model that would allow themselves , Europe and Russia equal control of their transit system . "  So the consumers , the sellers , the supply and transit country is together . It 's a good model and it 's convenient for everybody , " says energy minister Boiko . Only time will tell if these major energy reforms will change Russia 's position in future negotiations and transform the horizon of Ukraine 's economic future .	Ukraine and Russia have long-standing feud over gas supply lines Ukraine is big importer of Russian gas , while Russia depends on Ukraine pipeline In recent years , Ukraine has tried to diversify its energy supply to reduce dependence Liquid gas imports , underground shale gas and green energy are among new sources
CNN  -- Low-income Latinos are routinely discriminated against in the South , a new report says , but the study 's author and others say the problem exists nationwide , with millions of Spanish-speaking immigrants living "  beyond the protection of the law . " Migrant laborers help in the post-Hurricane Katrina cleanup in New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2006 . The report , released Wednesday by the Southern Poverty Law Center , documents the experiences of 500 immigrants in the South , finding that Latinos routinely are cheated out of wages , are denied basic health protection and fall victim to racial profiling . "  Under Siege : Life for Low-Income Latinos in the South " details stories such as that of a Tennessee woman who says she was jailed at a cheese factory for asking for pay , a bean picker in Alabama who says his life savings were taken by police at a traffic stop , and a rapist in Georgia who was not arrested because the suspect 's victim was an undocumented immigrant . Forty-one percent of the people surveyed said they had experienced theft of their wages by employers . Forty-seven percent said they know someone who was treated unfairly by police . Seventy-seven percent of women surveyed said they have been sexually harassed by bosses , many saying that bosses used their immigration status as leverage . "  This report documents the human toll of failed policies that relegate millions of people to an underground economy , where they are beyond the protection of the law , " said Mary Bauer , author of the report . "  Workplace abuses and racial profiling are rampant in the South . " But such discrimination is also rampant nationwide , she said . The human-rights law center focused on the South because that 's the area the Montgomery , Alabama-based group knows best , she said . "  This is not limited to the South , " she said . "  This does not stop when you get to some particular border . These same issues happen everywhere . " The problem may seem more acute in the South because Latinos are a relatively new immigrant group to the area , some observers say . "  Newcomers in any new region are always the first to be exploited . They 're at the bottom of the pecking order , " said Gustavo Arellano , the California-based author of the nationally syndicated "  Ask a Mexican " column and a national radio commentator . "  What 's going on in the South now has already happened in Southern California . " Teodoro Maus , president of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights , has heard thousands of discrimination complaints from Mexican immigrants during the past two decades . "  In the South , you just open the door and you find it , " he said . "  It 's absolutely correct that there 's generalized discrimination , " he told CNN . "  There 's a general feeling that discrimination is valid because these people are illegal , because these people have no right to be here . " But the attitude toward discrimination has changed throughout the years , said Maus , who was also the Mexican consul general in Atlanta , Georgia , from 1990 to 1994 and from 1995 to 2001 . "  The big difference from previous years is that there were discriminatory acts before , but not the belief that discrimination is allowed , " he said . Bolstered by what Maus called "  an ultraconservative element , " some people "  realized they could have open aggression against a group of people who could not defend themselves . " Arizona also has experienced widespread discrimination , Maus and others say . Bernardo Mendez Lugo , Mexico 's deputy consul in Tucson , Arizona , said he sees three main forms of discrimination : racial profiling by law enforcement officers , problems in the workplace and difficulties in the rental housing market . "  There is much abuse , " he said Wednesday . Police officers frequently stop Latin-looking drivers "  for any reason " and immediately call immigration officials if the motorist does not have an Arizona driver 's license or other local identification , Mendez Lugo said . In the workplace , he said , employees often find they are passed over for promotions despite their qualifications or length of employment . The abuse , Mendez Lugo said , is generally aimed at undocumented workers . "  They are told , ` I 'm going to call immigration -LSB- authorities -RSB- if you keep asking , ' " Mendez Lugo said . Federal officials say there are more than 12 million undocumented immigrants in the United States . Most of them come from Mexico and other Latin American countries . John McManus , president of the conservative John Birch Society , does n't see a widespread abuse problem . "  I would probably expect there would be some , " he said . "  There 's a small number of unscrupulous people who will always take advantage of others . Generally speaking , I do n't think that 's the case . " Nor does McManus believe the source of the information . "  I do n't put any stock at all in anything the Southern Poverty Law Center says , " McManus said . "  They like to distort a lot of things . " The center urged the federal government to strengthen labor laws and crack down on racial profiling . "  We 're talking about a matter of basic human rights here , " said Southern Poverty Law Center President Richard Cohen . "  By allowing this cycle of abuse and discrimination to continue , we 're creating an underclass of people who are invisible to justice and undermining our country 's fundamental ideals . "	NEW : Study 's author , others say problem is n't just regional Low-income Latinos in the South victims of discrimination , exploitation , study finds Forty-seven percent of respondents claim to know someone mistreated by police Federal government urged to strengthen labor laws , crack down on racial profiling
London  CNN  -- Energy giant Total has found the source of a gas leak on an offshore oil platform in the North Sea , the company told CNN on Thursday . The leak is on the deck level of the well head platform , Total said . The Elgin platform sprang a leak Sunday , forcing the evacuation of the rig . Experts are working to decide whether they can wait for the gas to stop leaking on its own , or whether the company must drill a relief well or fill it with mud in a "  kill operation , " Total said . Nearly 240 workers were taken off the rig as the problem developed Sunday , Total has said . The leak seems to have started as workers were sealing the well in the North Sea , about 150 miles  240 kilometers  east of the Scottish city of Aberdeen . "  Ironically , it sounds as if , just like with the Deepwater Horizon , they were closing off a well and somewhere along the line something went wrong , " oceanographer Simon Boxall said , referring to the major BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 . The Elgin leak has echoes of the BP spill , but there are differences . The Elgin is in shallower water , which could make problems easier to fix , but it is leaking gas , rather than oil . Gas ignites more easily . "  This is nothing on the scale of the Gulf spill two years ago , " Boxall said . "  This is a relatively light spill . The gas itself is dispersing quite rapidly . " "  The hope is that there is so little gas pressure in there that it will just blow itself out , " he said of the Elgin spill . Total 's share price was down about 2 % in trading in France on Thursday afternoon . The French company 's share price fell 7 % Tuesday on news of the leak , but market analyst firm Jeffries International said Wednesday that it thought the market had overreacted . A union representing workers on the rig warned Wednesday that there was an "  urgent need " to stop the leak . "  If the gas cloud somehow finds an ignition source , we could be looking at complete destruction , " said Jake Molloy , an official with the National Union of Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers . "  This is an unprecedented situation , and we really are in the realms of the unknown , " he said . But oceanographer Boxall said the risk of explosion may not be as high as initially feared . "  Initially , the risk of explosion was seen as being very high . There were reports coming through of a large gas cloud enveloping the whole rig , " he told CNN . But the fact that there has been no blast when the flare on the gas rig is still burning "  obviously contradicts the idea that there was a very high risk of explosion , " he said . "  Perhaps the quantity of gas is not that great as first thought , " he said . For the moment , the wind seems to be blowing the gas cloud away from the flare on the Elgin rig . The winds over the North Sea around the Eglin platform are predicted to remain strong  40-50 kph , with gusts over 60 kph  and out of the northwest through Friday . On Saturday , the winds are expected to shift slightly out of the north , as an area of high pressure drifts eastward over the British Isles , and they should weaken Sunday . Scattered light showers are possible Friday and Saturday , but the area should stay mostly dry through the weekend . Total said there was a "  sheen on the water in the vicinity of the platform , " but said Tuesday there was no indication of environmental damage and there had been no injuries . Shell partially evacuated two of its nearby platforms , Shearwater and Hans Deul , as a "  purely precautionary " measure , it said Wednesday . The North Sea was the scene of the world 's worst offshore rig disaster , the Piper Alpha explosion , which killed 167 people in 1988 . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	The Elgin platform leak is not underwater , energy firm Total says Total evacuated the rig in the North Sea after the leak Sunday Experts are deciding whether leak will stop on its own , or if action is needed Initial fears of an explosion may be unfounded , an oceanographer says
CNN  -- Last week , the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear arguments in Elonis v. U.S. , a case that dates back to 2010 , when 28-year-old Anthony Elonis was charged with multiple counts of communicating threats after he posted a series of violent messages to Facebook . Although Elonis maintained that many of the posts , which included menacing statements directed at his wife and a female FBI agent , were merely rap lyrics , the jury was unconvinced . He was found guilty on all but one of the counts and was sentenced to 44 months in prison . The Court 's primary purpose in taking on Elonis v. U.S. will be to clarify what actually constitutes a "  true threat . " Today , courts across the country are using dramatically different standards : Some argue that subjective intent is important in determining whether something is a threat , while others do not , focusing instead on how a "  reasonable " person would interpret a message . Since the Supreme Court has n't addressed this issue directly in over a decade -- a period that has seen the explosion of social media and , with it , a radical shift in the way we communicate -- the time is certainly ripe for a new look . But the timing of Elonis is crucial for another reason . Over this same decade , we have also witnessed the rapid expansion of prosecutors ' use of rap lyrics as evidence in criminal proceedings . In the last two years alone , we have served as expert witnesses or consultants in dozens of such cases , and our research suggests there have been hundreds more across the country . Rather than acknowledge rap as a fictional form told in rhymed verse , one that privileges figurative , often hyperbolic , speech delivered by an invented character , prosecutors have become skilled at convincing judges and juries that the lyrics are autobiographical confessions of illegal behavior or evidence of a defendant 's motive or intent with respect to an alleged crime . In effect , they have used the judiciary to re-define rap music as something other than art . Given research demonstrating the prejudicial effect that rap , especially violent "  gangsta " rap , can have on potential jurors , it 's no surprise that prosecutors misrepresent the genre in this way . Nor should it come as a surprise that the overwhelming majority of defendants in these cases are young black and Latino men . Rap has always carried the baggage of America 's enduring fears about young men of color , even as its history is rooted in a broader hip hop culture that was conceived by many artists as an alternative to violence , a tool to educate , and a pathway to a better life . Without that context , judges and jurors become easy prey for prosecutors who use rap lyrics to secure convictions , often when their cases are weak . There are examples of such cases to be found across the country , but one of the most recent and high profile has been State v. Skinner in New Jersey . The case involves Vonte Skinner , a drug dealer and aspiring rapper who was charged with attempted murder for his alleged involvement in a 2005 shooting . During his 2008 trial , prosecutors introduced as evidence 13 pages of his violent rap lyrics -- even though they were all composed before the shooting  some of them years before  and none contained specific details about the victim or the crime . Despite the paucity of other evidence against Skinner , the jury found him guilty . In 2012 , however , an appellate court overturned the verdict , finding that the rap lyrics should n't have been admitted as evidence . The justices wrote : "  We have a significant doubt about whether the jurors would have found defendant guilty if they had not been required to listen to the extended reading of these disturbing and highly prejudicial lyrics . " The State appealed the ruling to the Supreme Court of New Jersey , which heard arguments in the case in April and is expected to rule later this year . Unlike Skinner , the Elonis case is in some ways atypical of others we 've seen : Elonis himself is white , and unlike many defendants , he shows no sign of aspiring to be a professional rapper .  He claimed to be using rap as a "  therapeutic " medium through which to vent his frustrations , while his wife said he had not regularly listened to rap music and that she had never seen him write rap lyrics during their seven-year marriage .  In one respect , though , his case is frighteningly typical . Whereas rap is usually used to demonstrate a defendant 's involvement in some underlying offense , there is a rapidly growing strain of cases in which rap itself constitutes the crime . As with Elonis , the lyrics , often posted via social media , are treated as threats and prosecuted as such . And jurors who are perfectly "  reasonable " will convict , even when the defendant is merely following the conventions of a musical genre that , like horror films or gangster novels , should n't be confused with reality . At his trial , Elonis claimed that his lyrics were heavily influenced by Eminem , the best selling rapper of all time who rose to fame by pushing the lyrical envelope -- even to the point of fantasizing about killing his wife , not unlike Elonis did when he posted , "  There 's one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you . I 'm not going to rest until your body is a mess , soaked in blood and dying from all the little cuts . " Elonis maintained he never intended to act out his lyrics , again echoing Eminem , who made the critical distinction between art and reality when he said , "  I do say things that I think will shock people . But I do n't do things to shock people . " When the Supreme Court hears Elonis v. U.S. this fall , arguments are likely to focus on the legal standards used to determine what does and does not constitute a true threat . In a May op-ed , we joined Professor Clay Calvert in urging the Court to take this case to provide clarity to this important area of law . At the same time , we think the justices would be wise to use the Elonis case as an opportunity to address the growing prosecution of rap music specifically . No other fictional form is singled out this way , and if the Court remains silent about it , more people can expect to be imprisoned for their art . If that 's not a true threat , then what is ? Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Supreme Court to hear case involving rap lyrics used to prosecute a 28-year-old man Authors say prosecutors increasingly use rap lyrics to prejudice juries The key issue is whether the wording conveys a "  true threat " of violence , they say
CNN  -- Immigrants in Illinois without a valid visa or green card could soon carry one form of state-issued documentation -- a driver 's license -- thanks to a law signed Monday by the governor . The bill could affect about 250,000 drivers who traverse Illinois ' roads without a license or other documentation that authorizes their presence in the United States . Once it takes effect in 10 months , those who have been in Illinois for over a year who are n't eligible for a Social Security number can get a driver 's license if they pass a driving safety test and have valid automobile insurance . Although he referenced the divisive immigration debate in Washington , Gov. Pat Quinn said the measure signed Monday was mostly motivated by a desire to optimize safety along Illinois roads . Another aim is to reduce an estimated $ 64 million in annual damage claims related to accidents involving undocumented immigrants , thereby lowering insurance premiums paid by others Illinois drivers . "  Illinois is moving forward , " the governor said . "  This common sense law will help everybody , regardless of their background , learn the rules of the road , pass a driving test and get insurance . As a result , our roads will be safer , we will create more access to job opportunities , and our economic growth will be strengthened . " The statement issued by Quinn 's office touts the positive effect the new law will have on undocumented immigrants -- and , it argues , on the state 's economy as a whole . Specifically , it cites studies that show immigrants "  who drive legally are more likely to work , spend and contribute to the economy . " And those with driver 's licenses will have more job opportunities available to them , which the governor 's office says should generally boost businesses in the state . Access to driver 's licenses is also important to immigrant rights groups , who see it as a sign of inclusiveness and perhaps a harbinger of broader immigration reform that will keep more families together . "  Today is a proud day for our immigrant community , " said Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights CEO Lawrence Benito . "  The signing of today 's law sends a clear signal : Our country is ready to unite in a bipartisan manner to pass a humane immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship . " State Senate Minority Leader Christine Radogno , a Republican , said her state 's politicians should be proud of the effort , which she said was necessitated by "  the inaction of the federal government . " Another Republican , state House Minority Leader Tom Cross , praised a law he said will allow more Illinois residents to legally "  go to work , take their kids to school or the doctor , " in addition to making "  the roads safer for all residents . " Opinion : Stars align on immigration "  Today in Illinois , we take a monumental step in recognizing the needs of many hard-working immigrants living here and contributing so much to our great state , " Cross said . But not all Republicans nationwide support such an initiative . New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez said last week that she 'll push -- for the third time -- to repeal what she called a "  dangerous law " that lets undocumented immigrants in her state get driver 's licenses . Critics claim that the 2003 law has made New Mexico a magnet for fraud , with state Secretary of Taxation and Revenue Demesia Padilla contending in 2011 that "  illegal immigrants from all over the country come to New Mexico to obtain a license without having the intention of staying here . " The only other state to allow undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses is Washington . Utah issues driving privilege cards to undocumented immigrants who live in the state for more than six months . Monday 's announcement in Chicago comes the same day a bipartisan group of eight U.S. senators floated their framework for national immigration reform . President Barack Obama -- whom some Latinos had criticized for not making immigration a top priority in his first term , though they overwhelmingly backed him in the 2012 election -- will address the issue Tuesday night . Possible compromise on immigration reform takes shape Among other elements , the senators ' proposal includes a "  tough but fair " path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants living in the United States and a guest worker program for jobs that Americans are either unable or unwilling to fill . This plan drew swift condemnation from some conservative groups and politicians , reflecting the battle lines on the issue that have been drawn in earlier debates and suggesting that it wo n't be easy to get any such legislation through Congress . NumbersUSA , a group seeking to reduce U.S. immigration , called the senators ' plan an attempt to "  out-amnesty Obama " and said it will urge its 1.3 million members to push to fight it . And Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , said the proposed measures may cost taxpayers millions of dollars as well as thousands of jobs . "  By granting amnesty , the Senate proposal actually compounds the problem by encouraging more illegal immigration , " Smith said .	Illinois governor signs law that may affect 250,000 who do n't have visa or green card Immigrants who pass a driver 's test and have insurance can get a driver 's license Bipartisan backers say the law bolsters safety , economy and "  hard-working immigrants " Signing comes as debate about federal immigration reform continues in Washington
Washington  CNN  -- Proving once again that any controversy will be intensified -- if not illuminated -- by random references to race , class , and gender , Education Secretary Arne Duncan has ignited a storm of protest by noting opposition from "  white suburban moms " to one of his prized educational initiatives . In a meeting with state education chiefs Friday , Duncan said some opposition to the Common Core State Standards -- a controversial effort to standardize education -- has come from parents displeased that test results have exposed local weaknesses . Duncan said he found it "  fascinating " that opponents include "  white suburban moms who -- all of a sudden --  discovered that  their child is n't as bright as they thought they were , and their school is n't quite as good as they thought they were . " Duncan apologized for the remark Monday afternoon . Speaking to CNN , he said : "  My wording , my phrasing , was a little clumsy and I apologize for that . " Duncan said his point was that the goal is to prepare U.S. students for a "  globally competitive work force " and to challenge education leaders to better explain to parents why higher standards are needed and what it takes to achieve them . "  I did n't say them perfectly , and I apologize for that , " he added . "  My point is that children from every demographic across this country need a well-rounded , world-class education and frankly we have challenges not just in our inner cities but in our suburban areas , too , and we need to have honest conversations about that . " The "  white suburban moms " remark was first reported Friday by Politico , which later reported that Duncan backpedaled , saying that he "  did n't say it perfectly . " The incident , if nothing else , is thrusting Common Core State Standards into red-hot glare of politically oriented social media . Duncan has pushed the initiative , which seeks to establish a single set of educational standards for kindergarten through high school for math and English . Advocates say the standards are essential to improve student skills , prepare them for college , and make the United States competitive with other nations . But opponents say the standards instill students with elitist values and rob communities of local control of schools . The remarks triggered a barrage of online comments , and a WhiteHouse.gov petition . As of noon Monday , 1,800 people had signed the petition to remove Duncan as secretary of education . A separate ' "  National Do n't Send Your Child to School Day , " protest over the standards has gained thousands of supporters on its Facebook page , though the number of children who were kept from school is unclear . Conservative commentator and Common Core foe Michelle Malkin scolded Duncan . "  Ohhhh yes , the red blood underneath my brown skin is boiling . This Obama educrat has stepped in it . Big time . Race card-wielding Education Secretary Arne Duncan is nothing but a corrupt and bankrupt bigot , " Malkin wrote . Tweeted Randi Winegarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers : "  Arne-if u are reading - you shld walk this back . . very insensitive-and not right-moms care abt their kids !! One Virginia-area mother posted a personal response on the left-leaning DailyKos arguing that Duncan missed the point . She said her own son was late to focus and achieve , and standardized testing would have marginalized him . "  I do n't fight the Common Core because I think my child is brilliant , but because I 'm tired of these one size fits all educational solutions , " wrote Gretchen Moran Laskas . "  So yes , I 'm opposed . Not because I do n't understand it . Not because I think it will make my children look bad . But because I know that children already look bad -- and by the time they might get it together and look good the way  my son  could , it might be too late . " A Department of Education official said in an e-mail that , in making his remarks , Duncan was encouraging state education chiefs to better communicate why higher standards are so important . "  The far right and far left have made up their minds , " spokesman Massie Ritsch wrote . "  But there 's angst in the middle -- which includes many open-minded suburban parents -- that needs to be addressed . " "  Arne -- a white suburban dad married to a white suburban mom , with two kids in public schools -- has always been clear that test scores are an imperfect measure of student achievement and school quality , but tests are an indicator nonetheless , " Ritsch wrote . "  And when that indicator conflicts with parents ' notions of their child 's abilities or their school 's quality , it 's understandable that some parents would be concerned . " The White House spokesman also defended Duncan , though Jay Carney said he had not seen all the comments . "  His point was that we need to be honest with kids and parents -- all can agree on that , " Carney said on Monday .	NEW : In remarks to CNN , Duncan apologizes for his choice of words The "  white suburban moms " comment came in a meeting with state education chiefs He was talking about the Common Core State Standards , a controversial effort Writes one commentator : "  This Obama educrat has stepped in it . Big time "
CNN  -- The images of Haitian children crying or injured or wandering the streets alone are heartbreaking . It 's no surprise there has been a flood of well-intentioned people who want to adopt those children . But that 's not always the best immediate move , aid groups caution . Save the Children Chief Executive Jasmine Whitbread said the "  vast majority " of children on their own in Haiti are not orphans , but were simply separated from their families in the chaos . Their family members may still be alive , she said , and "  will be desperate to be reunited with them . " "  Taking children out of the country would permanently separate thousands of children from their families -- a separation that would compound the acute trauma they are already suffering and inflict long-term damage on their chances of recovery , " Whitbread said . Hurriedly whisking unclassified children out of Haiti will not ensure the children are happy or safe in the long-term , experts said . Homes and potential parents must be reviewed by professional social workers and it 's logistically impossible to do that in a short time . Allowing adoptions to proceed without thorough background checks can lead to child trafficking and other crimes . The United Nations Children 's Fund , or UNICEF , does not facilitate adoptions , but it has been bombarded with calls from people who want a Haitian orphan , said Christopher de Bono , a UNICEF spokesman . In 2007 , UNICEF estimated that there were 380,000 orphans in Haiti , but de Bono said Thursday that he 'd "  hate to vouch for that figure " because that number -- any number -- is impossible to verify . Between Haiti 's "  lousy -LSB- child welfare -RSB- oversight system , " and all the challenges that Haitians have endured , it 's not uncommon for Haitian parents to put their children in orphanages temporarily , de Bono said . This means knowing who is truly an orphan and who is n't requires great attention to detail and documents . "  Removing children who 've just experienced a disaster from their environment , from where they 're from is not necessarily good for them , " he said . Haitian children must first be fed , sheltered , clothed and given medical attention ; the next step is to register them and trace their relatives . Diana Boni , who works with Port-au-Prince 's BRESMA orphanage , is firmly against new adoptions out of Haiti . "  Under no circumstances should we evacuate any child newly orphaned or displaced , " she wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Imagine losing much of your family , only to discover that a surviving relative had been whisked off to the States to be adopted by strangers without your knowledge or consent ! Adoptions without consent are child trafficking . Pure and simple . " Full coverage | Latest news updates | Twitter updates She has been taking care of children who waited for years in the orphanage to be adopted . "  It 's a bit sad , as I have several wonderful children who waited literally for years for new families , and no one ever came , " she said . The disaster in Haiti has led to an outpouring of support around the world , with the United States alone donating more than $ 305 million as of Wednesday , according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations . List of missing , found | Are you there ? | Impact Your World Because Haiti 's poverty already made it "  extremely vulnerable " to exploitation and abuse , rushed adoptions could open the door to traffickers , said World Vision Chief Executive Justin Byworth . "  We are concerned not only about premature overseas adoption but also about children increasingly being sent unaccompanied to the Dominican Republic , " he said . Aid groups said adoptions that were already in progress before the January 12 earthquake should go ahead , as long as the right legal documents are in place and they meet Haitian and international law . For those who want to help Haitian children , Whitbread said , they should donate to aid agencies that are working on reuniting children with their families . The International Committee of the Red Cross has opened an office at the headquarters of the Haitian Red Cross in Crois de Prez to help people locate their relatives , said Pete Garratt , a disaster response manager at the British Red Cross . The Red Cross also has set up a Web site to help people searching for relatives , he said . CNN 's Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Experts : Hurried adoptions can lead to trafficking and cause more trauma to children Aid groups say focus should be on reuniting kids with relatives Reports on plight of children in Haiti has led many to ask about adoptions
CNN  -- It is not everywhere in the Middle East that the assassination of a security chief is accompanied by popular grief and with a funeral akin to a hero . In fact most of the revolts in the Arab Spring are against systems in which oppression is mainly conducted by such heads of security , the dreaded moukhabarat rule . The killing of Brigadier General Wissam al-Hassan in a car bomb in Beirut last week is the latest of a series of assassinations and explosions that have become associated with that city . Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan a pivotal , ` polarizing ' figure One such explosion was the Marine Barracks bombing of the October 23 , 1983 , which caused the death of 241 U.S. soldiers , an anniversary that was not mentioned in the U.S. presidential foreign policy debate . However , the link between this attack and U.S. engagement with the Assad regime -- both the father Hafez , and then the son Bashar -- would have been useful in evaluating the impact of U.S. policies on Lebanon and on the region . Following the Marine bombing the U.S. "  redeployed " its troops from Lebanon and there followed a series of hostage-taking of American and European citizens . The hostages were taken by Syrian/Iranian proxies in Lebanon and were later released in Damascus with the Reagan administration reluctantly having to thank Hafez Assad and re-engage with Syria if only to coordinate the repatriation of the hostages . This soon became a habit , with a gradual acknowledgement of Syria 's role in resolving Lebanese problems -- albeit problems that Syria had a hand in creating in the first place . This engagement culminated in Assad being given a free hand in Lebanon as part of the incentives for Syria joining the Gulf War coalition to oust Saddam Hussein from Kuwait in 1990 . The lesson was that U.S. protection is whimsical -- in order to protect the sovereignty of one small country , Kuwait , from its ambitious neighbor , another small country , Lebanon , was sold down the river to an equally ambitious neighbor , Syria . On the U.S. side , the conclusion was the opposite - the belief that Pax Syriana brings peace and stability to Lebanon . This stability lasted for about 15 years during which the Syrian moukhabarat penetrated every institution and organization in the country . This included the army , security services , parliament , ministries and even political parties and the religious establishment . Another turn in U.S.-Syrian relations was in 2004 when U.S. President George . W. Bush and French counterpart Jacques Chirac patched up their differences over Iraq by sponsoring U.N. Security Council resolution 1559 calling for Syria to withdraw from Lebanon and to stop interfering in the affairs of the country . The deal was off , Syria withdrew its army but there was a return of instability , wars and assassinations in Lebanon till the summer of 2008 when the west re-engaged . The Doha agreement in May 2008 , accompanied by Western re-engagement with Syria , came after Syria 's allies had withdrawn from government , blocked parliament , occupied the city center of Beirut for 18 months and a Hezbollah-led attack on the city in May . All of this came while anti-Syrian politicians and journalists were being assassinated . The agreement restored Syrian influence in the country , again with Western blessing , this time under the guise of a National Unity Government . Assassinations stopped , stability returned , and eventually a fully pro-Syrian government was formed , almost coup like , where some Hariri allies were coerced to switching side or the country would face renewed chaos . Again the West engaged Syria to bring back stability to Lebanon . The pattern emerges where Lebanon is like a hostage , and the West the subject of extortion . The success of this model of Western relations with Syria encouraged the Assad regime to replicate it throughout the region . Thus agreements between the Palestinians from Hamas and Fatah were blocked , and Assad promised to facilitate them ; al Qaeda-type terrorists were infiltrating Iraq from Syria , and Assad promised to control that border ; the PKK created problems for Turkey and Assad promised to suppress it in Syria . This was all in the same way that Hezbollah was armed through Syria and Assad promised to control it too . The 2011 revolt against Bashar al-Assad in Syria came as a total surprise to a U.S. administration still enjoying their honeymoon with him . Key administration officials repeatedly visited Damascus and believed in al-Assad 's promises of stability in the region and peace with Israel , thus vindicating their own policy of engagement and dialogue instead of that of isolation , intervention and regime change associated with the Bush period . Wissam al-Hassan was appointed in 2005 as head of one of the new Lebanese security branches , free from Syrian infestation , that were set up after the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri . He was at the forefront of the international investigation that preceded the setting up of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon  STL  and his unit collaborated with over 30 international teams and trained in the most advanced forensic techniques . Other members of his team were also the targets of assassination . The unit is said to have foiled over 35 assassination plots , disrupted terrorist networks and uncovered spy rings . Al-Hassan 's latest exploit may have been a step too far . Whether true or not , many in Lebanon immediately suspected al-Assad 's regime in the assassination . If they did kill the man who was in charge of protecting the country , the message to Lebanon and the West is clearly that the Assad regime can still do a lot of damage to the region unless it is left alone to finish the job of suppressing the revolution . Lebanese and Syrians , who watched the presidential foreign policy debate with great anxiety , are worried about whether al-Assad 's blackmail still works , and would have found little comfort in the lack of will of both candidates to take any decisive moves against the Syrian regime . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nadim Shehadi .	Nadim Shehadi says the Beirut attack would be a useful moment to evaluate U.S. regional policy History ` shows pattern where Lebanon is like a hostage , the West the subject of extortion ' Shehadi : Lebanese , Syrians are worried over whether al-Assad 's ` blackmail ' still works Shehadi : Little will from U.S. presidential candidates to make decisive move against regime
CNN  -- Could you fit your life into 300 square feet ? Developers are betting on it , positioning tiny living spaces as a new status symbol for urban millennials . Chic , central and closet-sized , micro-condos -- loosely defined as units under 500 square feet -- are being marketed as luxury rentals or a stylish first step onto the property ladder . While small units are already the norm in high-density Asian megacities and old European neighborhoods , major U.S. cities like New York and San Francisco are leading a new charge in North America with others quickly following suit . "  What these great world cities have in common is a scarcity of the resource called land and a large number of people who want to work and play in these cities , " says Mark Vlessing , co-founder of London developer Pocket Living . According to a report from Neilson , an American consumer research company , 40 % of Americans between the ages of 18 and 36 want to live in urban areas instead of the suburbs their parents idealized , but 69 % feel they do n't earn enough to afford the lifestyle they covet . High rent , rising property prices , and growing demand make finding an affordable home harder than ever . Local governments have taken notice . New York City , for one , has waved its minimum 400-square-foot housing requirement for a pilot project with units between 250 and 370 square feet . Last year , Pocket Living -- which makes 400-square-foot units for those who earn less than around $ 100,000 a year -- received roughly $ 36 million from the mayor of London to build approximately 400 units for first-time home buyers . Small units are seen as an affordable way to make cities accessible to more people . This was the case for Andrea Wong , a hair stylist living in Vancouver . In 2012 , unable to afford a centrally located apartment , she decided to move into a unit in Burns Block , the city 's first micro-condo . Most of the studios she 'd seen rented for around $ 1,400 a month , so her 291-square-feet apartment -- the building 's largest -- seemed like a steal at $ 1,000 . But it was the design , she says , that she sealed the deal . The tiny space -- all enamel-like white cupboards , foldout tables , and wall-mounted design hacks -- was not only smart , but stylish . "  I wanted something that looked pretty modern . The use of space was really good , " she says . "  I did n't feel like I was living in a jail cell or anything . " Her friends marveled . Her place was officially cool . Maxwell Ryan , the New York-based founder of home design website Apartment Therapy , is n't surprised that micro-condo developers are pushing design and utility as their major selling points . To him , it shows an awareness of how generational priorities have shifted . "  As a culture , there 's been a renaissance of interest in design -- design as a lifestyle choice , design as a way of life , " he says . Ryan believes young people will happily accept smaller spaces , but only if done properly . "  When you design a small space , you can design it in a way that has more utility and expansiveness , " he says , going on to quote Charles Eames , one of the 20th century 's most celebrated product designers : "  I have never been forced to accept compromises , but I have willingly accepted constraints . " It 's a maxim Smart House , an upcoming micro-condo project in Toronto , exemplifies . The designs , masterminded by architecture firm architectsAlliance , are stylish , with seemingly endless concealed storage , contemporary finishes , and floor-to-ceiling windows . Drawers become dishwashers and refrigerators . Couches fold into beds and walls . A number of elements , like a bathtub and oven , have been left out . But even these omissions are meant to cater to the millennial lifestyle . "  This generation wants to live within the city , " says Peter Clewes , of architectsAlliance . When they are n't working , they 're eating out with friends and enjoying city life , not spending time at home . For a unit that offers elegance on a budget  Smart House units , which have yet to go on sale , will likely start at $ 285,000  , Clewes thinks they 'll be willing to make a few sacrifices . "  Five years ago , if you suggested units of 258 square feet , people would say that 's mean , that 's immoral . But that 's starting to flip the other way , " Clewes says . "  It 's become a moral cause . We need all  income  groups to make a healthy city . " No one seems to know whether tenants or owners will look at micro-condos as temporary stops , or something more permanent . Certain elements seem so tailored to a certain lifestyle they risk being outgrown by those they so carefully target . For Wong , the initial novelty of micro-living wore off as time wore on . She started to resent not having space for her screen-printing and acrylics projects , or an oven for cooking . When it came time to renew her yearlong lease , she decided to move to a 620-square-foot unit across the street , even though it cost almost $ 400 more per month . Today , Wong lives with her boyfriend in a 900-square-foot apartment in East Vancouver . Now 35 , she 's more focused on settling down . But she does n't regret giving micro-condos a try . "  My lifestyle has changed a lot since I lived down there , " she says . "  I liked being there at the time , but I like the space I have now . "	Micro-condos -- units under 500 square feet -- are a growing trend in cities like New York , San Francisco and London Developers are targeting millenials who would n't otherwise be able to afford properties in major Western cities The units are designed to be hyper-functional and stylish to appeal to design-conscious young buyers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan would be funded into early 2009 under a compromise plan approved Thursday by the U.S. House . The bill includes $ 165 billion to fund the wars in Afghanistan , above , and Iraq . The $ 165 billion measure puts no restrictions on money the Bush administration had requested to continue bankrolling the wars but includes money for key domestic priorities for House Democrats , namely more unemployment assistance for people who lose their jobs and an expansion of the G.I. Bill . The plan also includes more than $ 2 billion for disaster assistance for areas in the Midwest dealing with massive flooding . A first vote , on the war funding , was approved 268-155 . A second vote on the domestic money passed 416-12 . President Bush and many congressional Republicans had resisted extending unemployment benefits , but the compromise bill includes another 13 weeks of assistance . Democrats had been pushing for extending benefits to laid-off workers as unemployment rates continue to rise . Democrats also got Republican support for a college scholarships program for U.S. troops , known as a "  new G.I. bill . " This program expands educational benefits for veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan to pay for full four-year scholarships . House Democratic and Republican leaders reached an agreement on the plan Wednesday , and Bush administration officials said they were satisfied with the compromise . Anti-war protesters in the House gallery shouted and chanted briefly during the vote , tossing what appeared to be slips of paper onto the House floor . They were removed from the gallery without incident . The two bills approved Thursday will be combined and sent to the Senate for approval as one measure .	$ 165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money Bush requested Measure pays for wars in Iraq , Afghanistan through early next year Also attached are unemployment assistance and expanded GI Bill Measure includes more than $ 2 billion to help flood-stricken Midwest
CNN  -- Inter Milan 's defense of their Serie A title may have taken a fatal blow with a 1-0 defeat at arch-rivals Juventus Sunday night . It left Leonardo 's men eight points adrift of city rivals AC Milan , who romped to a 4-0 home win over Parma 24 hours earlier , but they still have a game in hand . Alessandro Matri scored the winner for improving Juve in Turin after 30 minutes to improve their chances of claiming a Champions League spot . Frederik Sorensen 's cross was missed by Ivan Cordoba and Matri headed home from close in . It was only the second defeat for Inter under their new Brazilian coach who replaced Rafael Benitez and they offered little as an attacking threat . The best chance came eight minutes from the end as Samuel Eto'o played a one-two with Wesley Sneijder but Gianluigi Buffon came out sharply to block the Cameroon star 's effort . Earlier , Lazio maintained their title bid with a 2-0 win at Brescia to stay third , seven points adrift . Goals from Alvaro Gonzalez after 18 minutes and Libor Kozak just before the hour mark secured three vital points for the capital side . Coach Edy Reja asked the fans to be patient after his side have slipped in recent weeks . "  We were top and then second and then we lost a few places but there are times throughout a long season in which it 's normal to have a bad spell , " he told AFP . Udinese also kept up their pursuit of a European place with a 3-0 win at struggling Cesena . Antonio Di Natale scored a double allied to a strike by Gokhan Inler as they stay fifth . But Palermo saw their hopes nosedive with a shock 4-2 defeat at home to Fiorentina .	Juventus beat Italian champions Inter Milan 1-0 in Serie A clash Alessandro Mati heads winning goal on the half hour mark Lazio stay third after a 2-0 win at Brescia but seven points behind leaders AC Milan
