It was a shocking and gruesome discovery : three dead infants found in a Massachusetts home so squalid that police officers had to search it in hazmat suits . Now , days later , as investigators continue to search through what the Worcester County District Attorney 's Office describes as the home 's "  deplorable conditions  such as  massive insect infestation , mounds of used diapers and feces , " a picture is beginning to emerge of the family that lived inside . And it 's a picture so deranged , so unfathomable to a reasonable mind , that even a lawyer for the accused calls the situation "  completely inexplicable . " Erika Murray was arraigned September 12 on a bevy of charges stemming from the discovery of the dead infants at her home the day before , but she has not been charged in their deaths . The 31-year-old pleaded not guilty to charges of concealing an out of wedlock fetal death , two counts of permitting substantial injury to a child , intimidation of a witness , cruelty to an animal and violating an abuse prevention order , according to Tim Connolly , a district attorney spokesman . Whether or not Murray is the mother is not known by authorities for certain at this point , but her attorney assumes that she is . "  My expectation is that it will be confirmed that they were indeed hers , " Keith Halpern told CNN . Murray lived in the now-condemned single family home with her longtime boyfriend , Ray Rivera , and the couple 's children . Just how many children lived with them in the vermin-infested 1,150-square-foot home , however , depends on which parent you ask : of the four living children that the state removed from the home on August 28 , Murray told investigators that Rivera , 38 , only knew about two of them . The other two -- a 3 year old and an infant , according to Halpern -- were apparently not only born in secret but lived hidden from their father amid mountains of garbage under the same roof . Rivera also "  presumably " did not know about the ones that had died , at least according to the account Murray has told authorities , Halpern said . "  It is a mystery to me how Mr. Rivera could have failed to notice  the  numerous pregnancies  of  the woman with whom he shared a bed , " said Halpern . "  It 's a mystery to me how he could have failed to realize that there were two children living under the same roof as him , and he did n't know about it . " CNN was unable to reach Rivera or members of his family Sunday evening . He has not been charged with any crime , and there is no public record of physical abuse . ` Prisoner of her own fear ' Halpern said that while his client 's explanation "  is not based in reality , " the situation Murray came to be in was the result of fear , not malice . "  She was terrified of the pregnancies being discovered , " said Halpern . "  She was terrified of the two younger children being discovered . Why ? I do n't know the answer to that . " Whether based in reality or not , Halpern said Murray was "  a prisoner of her own fear " and suggested it was that fear that explains the three infants found dead in her home . "  Try to imagine the state of mind of a woman who attempts to hide a pregnancy , go into labor and deliver children -- at least twice , but presumably five times -- on her own . " "  I feel certain that she did not do anything to harm any of these children , " he said . "  I do n't think there will be a determination that they were killed . " Though Halpern said he has yet to consult with a pathologist , he said it is not clear if they were ever alive to begin with or if they were all stillborn . Abuse suspected in 2007 The state 's removal of the four living children at the home last month was the result of the filing of what 's called a 51A report in Massachusetts , according to Alec Loftus , a spokesman for the state 's office of Health and Human Services . A 51A can be filed by any citizen with reason to believe that a child has been abused or neglected . This was not the first time a 51A had been filed when it came to that home , according to a Massachusetts Department of Children and Families spokeswoman . Cayenne Isaksen said such a report was previously received in 2007 , but that "  it was unsupported and therefore no case was opened . " For now , Isaksen said DCF has Murray 's four children in its care and is focused on "  ensuring  their  safety and well-being and providing them with the proper medical care , support and services they need , " she said . Connolly said that the family caring for them has no public statement to make at this time . Murray 's case was adjourned to October 14 . Investigators , meanwhile , remain at the scene digging through the squalor . "  Our investigation will continue for quite some time , " said Joseph Early , the Worcester County District Attorney . Dad accused of slaying five kids had history with social services	Lawyer says squalor concealed children from father for years Lawyer for the woman arrested says she is the mother Three infants were discovered dead in squalid Massachusetts home Police had to search the house in hazmat suits
Mashable  -- South Korean filmmaker Park Chan-wook -- the director of 2003 's critically acclaimed "  Oldboy " -- says his new film was shot entirely on the iPhone . The fantasy-horror film "  Paranmanjang , " which means "  life full of ups and downs " in Korean , is about half an hour long , and was made on a budget of 150 million won  $ 133,000  . According to the Associated Press , Park says the iPhone 's small size and light weight , as well as the fact that "  anyone can use it , " made it a good tool . His brother , Park Chan-kyong -- also a director who collaborated on the film -- says a wide variety of camera angles and edits were possible because a number of cameras could be used . Park Chan-wook is one of the best-known filmmakers in South Korea , where his iPhone-directed film is set to hit theaters on January 27 . In addition to helming the previously mentioned "  Oldboy , " he also directed "  Cut " in the horror collaboration "  Three ... Extremes , " as well as longer films like "  Lady Vengeance " and "  Thirst . " Park is not the first South Korean filmmaker to shoot a project with the iPhone 4 . As The Wall Street Journal points out , KT Corp. -- the iPhone distributor in South Korea -- sponsored a film festival , featuring 12 short movies made with the iPhone 4 , last October . KT Corp. also helped with some of the production costs for Paranmanjang . The practice of using phones to shoot videos -- other than home movies uploaded to YouTube -- seems to have become a bit of a trend in recent months . The iPhone 4 has been used to shoot music videos , while generally striking a chord with those who do not have access to big budgets . Meanwhile , the Nokia N8 was used to shoot "  The Commuter , " a seven-and-a-half minute flick starring Dev Patel and Pamela Anderson . It will be interesting to see what effect such efforts will have on both mainstream and independent filmmaking in the future . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	South Korean filmmaker Park Chan-wook says new film was shot on the iPhone 4 Fantasy-horror film "  Paranmanjang " is about a half-hour long Park says the iPhone 's small size and light weight made it a good tool
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- More than 10,000 anti-government demonstrators gathered in the heart of Bangkok 's shopping district Sunday to mark the fourth anniversary of a bloodless coup that ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . The peaceful demonstration lasted about four hours under scattered rain . One of the city 's main intersections was again flooded with "  Red Shirt " demonstrators -- so named for the color of their clothing -- resembling the picture when the group occupied the area from March to May until a crackdown by the government 's security forces that left 91 people dead and more than 2,000 injured . The crowd chanted "  there are deaths here ! " Several symbolic activities were performed by the demonstrators , including tying red robes and forming a giant spider web , lying on the street to represent the dead , and lighting red candles around the area . Balloons tied with letters were released into the sky . Red Shirt leader Sombat Boon-ngamanong , who organized the demonstration , told his supporters to leave the area around 5 p.m.  6 a.m. ET  , although some people lingered . The demonstration ended peacefully . Similar activities were held in Chiang Mai , Nong Khai , and in the north and northeastern parts of the country , according to local media . Bangkok and six other provinces remain under emergency rule , which the government imposed in April . The decree allows authorities to detain suspects without formal charges up to three months . The Red Shirts support Thaksin , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 while he was attending a U.N. assembly . His supporters protested for weeks , demanding that Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva dissolve parliament and call new elections . Thaksin briefly returned to Thailand to fight a corruption charge , but fled again in 2008 . He left before Thailand 's Supreme Court convicted him of abusing his power and purchasing land owned by his wife .	Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra was ousted in a bloodless coup Anti-government demonstrators gathered Sunday to mark the anniversary of his ouster The demonstrations conjured images of a monthslong protest earlier this year 91 people were killed and 2,000 injured in a crackdown in May
CNN  German investigators found antidepressants in the apartment of Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz this week , according to published reports . Die Welt , a German newspaper , cited an unidentified senior investigator who said Lubitz suffered from a severe "  psychosomatic illness " and German police seized prescription drugs that treat the condition . Lubitz suffered from a "  severe subjective burnout syndrome " and from severe depression , the source told Die Welt . The New York Times also reported that antidepressants were found during the search of his apartment . CNN has not been able to confirm the reports . Investigators continued to work Saturday to piece together the secret life of Lubitz , who officials say was hiding an illness from his employers . He had been declared "  unfit to work " by a doctor . They were expected to question his relatives , friends and co-workers as they try to pin down what could have prompted the seemingly competent and stable co-pilot to steer a jetliner into a mountainside on Tuesday . As their efforts continued , dozens of people attended a remembrance ceremony for the victims of the crash at a church in a nearby town , Digne-les-Bains . There were 150 people on board Germanwings Flight 9525 , including Lubitz . Relatives of the victims and local residents also gathered Saturday afternoon by a simple stone memorial set up near the crash site , in the village of Le Vernet . Flowers have been laid there , in the shadow of the snow-covered peaks of the French Alps . Much attention has focused on Lubitz 's state of mind , with some media reports speculating that he may have had mental health issues . Investigators found a letter in the waste bin of his Dusseldorf , Germany , apartment saying that Lubitz , 27 , was n't fit to do his job , city prosecutor Christoph Kumpa said Friday . The note , Kumpa said , had been "  slashed . " Just what was ailing Lubitz has n't been revealed . The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , citing unnamed sources , reported Friday that Lubitz suffered from mental illness and kept his diagnosis concealed from his employer . A subsequent New York Times report on Saturday , citing two officials with knowledge of the investigation , said Lubitz sought treatment before the crash for vision problems that might have put his career at risk . According to those unnamed officials , Lubitz also was being treated for psychological issues . Other media reports indicate he was treated for depression . Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014 , a German aviation source told CNN . An official with Lufthansa , which owns Germanwings , said the exam only tests physical health , not psychological health , and that if Lubitz had vision problems that would have been discovered during the tests . "  We ca n't believe it . If anything was wrong with his eyes during the physical exam we would have known , " the official says . The Lufthansa official also said the company was never given any indication Lubitz was depressed , and that if he went to a doctor on his own he would have been required to self-report if he had been deemed unfit to fly . A Dusseldorf clinic said he 'd gone there twice , most recently on March 10 , "  concerning a diagnosis . " But the University Clinic said it had not treated Lubitz for depression . German investigators said they still have interviews and other work to do before they can reveal what they gleaned from the records found in the apartment and at his parents ' home in the town of Montabaur . But the fact that investigators found "  ripped , recent medical leave notes , including for the day of the offense , leads to the preliminary conclusion that the deceased kept his illness secret from his employer and his professional environment , " prosecutors said . Germanwings corroborated that assertion , saying it had never received a sick note from Lubitz . Authorities left Lubitz 's apartment Friday night with boxes of papers and evidence folders after spending about 90 minutes inside . Dusseldorf police said Saturday that a small team of French investigators had arrived in the city and that they were sharing information . Jean Pierre Michel , lead investigator for the French inquiry , told French TV from Dusseldorf that the French team would work in "  full transparency " with their German counterparts . "  We will interview people related to the investigation in the coming days . The hearings will be conducted in the coming days and weeks , " he said , according to CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV . Asked by a journalist about reports of Lubitz 's possible mental illness , he replied : "  The elements of the investigation are strictly confidential and we can not address these matters today . " No scenario can yet be ruled out , including mechanical failure , "  as we do not have the necessary evidence , " he said . The German tabloid newspaper Bild said Saturday it had interviewed an ex-girlfriend of Lubitz . The woman is not named in the story and CNN has not been able to verify the report independently . According to Bild , the ex-girlfriend said Lubitz was a very nice and sensitive man who needed a lot of care and attention , and he was very troubled . She said he would get into fights with her . The newspaper also cited the ex-girlfriend as saying that Lubitz had bad dreams that his plane was going down . Patrick Sondenheimer was the pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 , according to Reiner Sondenheimer of Dusseldorf , Germany , who says he is a relative of Patrick 's . Patrick Sondenheimer is the pilot believed to have been locked out of the cockpit by his co-pilot , Lubitz . CNN spoke to Reiner Sondenheimer at his Dusseldorf apartment . Also at the apartment was a woman who did not provide her name but said she was Patrick Sodenheimer 's relative . That woman also said that Patrick Sondenheimer was on the doomed flight . Reiner Sondenheimer declined to say anything else , other than the family wanted time to grieve . The pilot has not been named by German authorities . Another Germanwings pilot who once flew with Lubitz , Frank Woiton , told WDR , a local broadcaster belonging to CNN 's German affiliate ARD , that his impression of Lubitz was that he was "  friendly " and that there was "  nothing suspicious . " Woiton also said Lubitz "  was a good pilot and had a good command of the plane . " Woiton 's first job after he found out about the crash was the route Dusseldorf-Barcelona-Dusseldorf -- the same route as had been taken by Germanwings Flight 9525 a day earlier . He was praised in German media for the emotional announcement he made to passengers before takeoff , in which he said the crew , like everyone else on the plane , wanted to get home safely to their families . At the scene of the crash , two helicopters were being deployed above the mountainside by recovery crews Saturday . The weather has improved after high winds Friday made their complex task even more treacherous . Lt. Col. Xavier Vialenc , a spokesman for the Gendarmerie , told CNN there were about 40 officers at the crash site Saturday . Once at the crash site , recovery workers spend all day working there , he said . Back in Seyne-les-Alpes at the end of the day , they can see a psychologist if they choose and have a debriefing session with all the workers . Vialenc said the operations were going well so far and that the progress made was meeting their expectations . Yves Naffrechoux , captain of rescue operations at Seyne-les-Alpes , told CNN on Friday that rescuers have found bodies at the rugged crash site , but few of them are intact . It could be weeks before all the bodies are recovered , identified and released to the families , authorities said . What could have prompted Lubitz to deliberately destroy the aircraft , killing everyone on board , remains the focus of investigators in Germany . He had passed medical and psychological testing when he was hired in 2013 , said Carsten Spohr , CEO of Lufthansa , which owns Germanwings . Spohr also told reporters that Lubitz had "  interrupted " his pilot training , which he began in 2008 . That break lasted several months , he said , but added that such an interruption is n't uncommon . Spohr did n't give a reason for the break . While the ailment Lubitz had sought treatment for has n't been revealed , that he was declared unfit for work is an important detail , aviation analysts say . Pilots are required to maintain their fitness to fly and must tell their airline if they 're found unfit , CNN aviation analyst David Soucie said . Who was co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ? Although authorities have recovered the cockpit voice recorder , the flight data recorder remains missing . It could shed crucial details about what happened inside the cockpit , authorities say . Lubitz was the co-pilot on Tuesday 's flight between Barcelona , Spain , and Dusseldorf when he apparently locked the captain out of the cockpit , then activated a control causing the plane to descend toward rugged terrain . Germanwings said the plane dropped for about eight minutes from its cruising altitude of 38,000 feet before crashing . The only sounds , authorities said , were those of pounding on the cockpit door , Lubitz 's steady breathing and , eventually , screaming passengers . Lubitz and 149 other people on board the plane died in an instant , authorities say . Most were from Germany and Spain . Mother , daughter among 3 American victims CNN 's Pam Brown , Frederik Pleitgen , Mary Kay Mallonee , Michael Pearson , Nic Robertson , Margot Haddad , Stephanie Halasz , Sandrine Amiel , David Fitzpatrick , Felix Gussone , Karl Penhaul and Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	Reports say investigators found antidepressants in Andreas Lubitz 's apartment Patrick Sondenheimer was the pilot of the doomed flight , says a man who says he 's a relative Ripped medical-leave notes found at his home indicate the co-pilot hid an illness , officials say
In 2010 , an Icelandic volcano with an unpronounceable name spewed an ash cloud into the skies that disrupted travel for millions of passengers and cost airlines a small fortune . Now another Icelandic volcano is rumbling , prompting fears of a repeat of the travel chaos that afflicted northern Europe when the Eyjafjallajokull volcano did its worst . Its name -- Bardarbunga -- is a little less daunting , but it could still cause trouble . Something is brewing While there 's no sign yet of magma moving to the surface , according to Iceland 's Meteorological Office , something 's definitely up beneath the Earth 's surface . In what the Meteorological Office describes as an "  intense earthquake swarm , " scientists registered some 2,600 earthquakes between early Saturday morning and Monday evening . And after the strongest earthquake since 1996 was measured in the area early Monday , an orange aviation alert was posted by Icelandic authorities -- indicating "  heightened or escalating unrest with increased potential of eruption . " "  The reason we are reacting in this way is that this one is bigger and more powerful than we have seen in a long time in this area , " said Vidir Reynisson , of the Iceland Civil Protection Agency , of the earthquake swarm . Scientists have noticed an increase in seismic activity around the volcano , located in the northwestern region of Vatnajokull glacier , one of Europe 's largest glaciers , over the past seven years , the Meteorological Office said . The level dropped a little after the eruption of another volcano on the same glacier , Grimsvotn , in 2011 , but has since picked up again . Earthquakes may signal eruption As of Monday evening , the majority of earthquakes measured were at a depth of 5 to 10 kilometers . There 's more potential for a volcanic eruption if magma movement occurs at less than 10 kilometers ' depth . According to the Smithsonian Institute Global Volcanism Program , Bardarbunga last erupted in 1910 . If it should blow its top again , it could be bad news for travelers . Volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aircraft , reducing visibility , damaging flight controls and ultimately causing jet engines to fail . The Eyjafjallajokull eruption forced the cancellation and diversion of thousands of flights per day at the peak of the problem . "  It was causing problems for millions of passengers , the airlines themselves were losing lots of money because they could not fly , " Paul Charles , former director of communications for Virgin Atlantic and Eurostar , told CNN . "  And the customer relations departments of airlines were really suffering because they were taking huge numbers of complaints and they had no solution . " Air travel still smooth Europe 's air authority , Eurocontrol , said Tuesday it was monitoring the Bardarbunga situation but that there is no impact at this time on European aviation . It also insists that changes have been made to help avoid the kind of chaos seen after Eyjafjallajokull erupted . "  Europe is more prepared to deal with volcanic ash these days ; we have better mechanisms in place than we did in 2010 . Every year , volcanic ash exercises are conducted and we learn from them : the latest one was held in April this year , " it said . "  However , volcanic ash is still a hazard for aviation and does have the potential to cause disruption . Safety is , as ever , our primary concern . " Road melts at Yellowstone National Park Heimaey : The Icelandic town frozen in time by a volcano	Icelandic authorities say there 's increased seismic activity around Bardarbunga volcano But there 's no sign yet of magma moving to the surface or ash spewing into the sky Iceland has posted an orange aviation alert , indicating "  increased potential of eruption " The eruption of Eyjafjallajokull in 2010 caused disruption to millions of travelers
CNN  -- Traces of narcotics and hypodermic needles found with the bodies of two American security officers on the container ship Maersk Alabama suggested the deaths resulted from drug overdoses , a Seychelles government official told CNN on Thursday . Seychelles police identified the bodies found Tuesday as Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy , both 44 . They worked for Trident Group , a Virginia-based maritime security services firm , and Trident Group President Tom Rothrauff said both were former Navy SEALs . "  It 's bizarre . Of course , it 's a shock . They 're all great guys , " Rothrauff said . "  I 'm absolutely clueless as to what happened . " Police said an autopsy would be carried out later this week . But the Seychelles government official , who spoke on condition of not being identified , said the presence of drug traces and paraphernalia "  would suggest that their deaths were a result of drug overdose . " The 500-foot Maersk Alabama was the target of an attempted hijacking in the pirate-infested waters off east Africa in 2009 -- an incident that inspired the 2013 film "  Captain Phillips . " The shipping giant Maersk , which hired the Trident Group to guard its ships , said Thursday that Trident would be conducting random drug tests of its employees . "  Based on our experience with the contractor , this is an isolated incident , " Maersk said . But it said new drug tests would start immediately and the company 's shore-leave policy was under review . The Maersk Alabama has since left the Seychelles capital of Port Victoria , the company said Thursday . Police said the ship arrived in the Seychelles , an archipelago in the Indian Ocean , on Sunday with a 24-man crew and had been expected to leave Tuesday . The bodies were found by a colleague who had gone to check in on one of the men in a cabin at about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday , Seychelles police said . Lt. Cmdr. Jamie Frederick , a U.S. Coast Guard spokesman , said the service was investigating the deaths , as required by American law . But he said the deaths "  do not appear to be criminal in nature , related to vessel operations , the material condition of the ship or their duties as security personnel . " In April 2009 , four armed pirates attempted to hijack the Maersk Alabama 380 miles off the coast of Somalia . After the crew sank the pirates ' vessel and foiled their efforts to take control of the container ship , the pirates took the ship 's captain , Richard Phillips , hostage on a lifeboat . The incident ended three days later when Navy sharpshooters killed three of the pirates and captured the fourth . Phillips was unharmed . The ship was attacked by pirates again later that year , but armed security personnel fought them off . Another attempt by pirates to board the ship , in March 2011 , was thwarted when security personnel fired warning shots . 2010 : Hero skipper ignored pirate warnings , crew says 2009 : Crewman 's e-mail gives harrowing details of hijacking	NEW : Maersk , security contractor launch drug action plan after deaths Needles , traces of narcotics found with dead contractors , Seychelles official says Two American security contractors were former Navy SEALs , executive says A colleague found the bodies in a ship cabin
CNN  -- A therapist who worked with visually impaired children . A doctor who did everything he could to help his patients . And the doctor 's grandson , a teen auditioning for a singing competition that could win him a scholarship . Love defined their lives , friends and family said -- lives that were cut short outside two Jewish centers near Kansas City on Sunday by a gunman long accused of spewing hate . "  That idiot absolutely knocked a family to its knees for no reason , " said Will Corporon , whose father and nephew were gunned down in the parking lot outside the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City . "  My dad should be seeing patients today at his work . ... There is no reason . No reason for this . And it 's just a tragedy . " The suspect , Frazier Glenn Cross , 73 , faces charges of premeditated first-degree murder after he allegedly opened fire at two Jewish centers . Organizations that track hate groups describe Cross , who is also known as Frazier Glenn Miller , as a long-time white supremacist . Investigators say they plan to pursue federal hate crime charges against him . As authorities built their case against the alleged shooter , friends and family shared memories about the lives of the victims he 's accused of killing . Reat Griffin Underwood The 14-year-old high school freshman was dressed up in a coat , tie and hat on Sunday -- ready to belt out songs for an audition that he hoped would win him a scholarship . Tryouts for KC Superstar , an "  American Idol " - style contest for the best high school singer in the Kansas City area , brought him to the Jewish Community Center . For his first song on Sunday , Reat had planned to sing "  On the Street Where You Live " from "  My Fair Lady , " his mom , Mindy Losen , told reporters . If he had made it to the next round , he was ready to sing "  You 're Gon na Miss Me When I 'm Gone . " That morning he practiced performing both numbers for Losen before his grandfather picked him up to drive him to the competition . For three years , the teen -- who loved his school , singing , theater and debate -- had been eagerly awaiting his chance to try out for the competition once he was old enough to enter , Losen said . It was a chance he never got . Shot in the center 's parking lot in the truck his grandfather was driving , Reat died later of his injuries . After her other son 's lacrosse game was canceled , Losen went to the center , hoping to hear him sing again . Instead , she happened to arrive just after the shooting , and found her father and son lying on the ground near the truck . "  I was there before the police and I was there before the ambulance , " she said at a vigil Sunday night . "  And I knew immediately that they were in heaven , and I know that they 're in heaven together . " Tom Trigg , the superintendent of schools , said he had a chance to get to know Reat at a school breakfast event earlier this year . "  His talents were on full display that morning , " Trigg said . "  I found Reat to be an engaging and exceptional young man . " To begin the breakfast , Reat sang the national anthem . William Lewis Corporon A family practice doctor who moved from Oklahoma to the Kansas City area to be closer to his own family , Corporon loved spending time with his grandchildren . That 's exactly what he was doing when he was killed on Sunday . Corporon , 69 , was taking his grandson to the center for his audition when they were gunned down outside the facility . Losen said her dad had offered to take Reat to the audition so she could take her other son to his lacrosse game . "  He cherished his family , and more than anything had a passion for caring for others , " the family said in a statement . The doctor had been scheduled to see patients on Monday . "  My father leaves a huge legacy of community and of healing , " Will Corporon told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " "  And it 's just unbelievable that a senseless , stupid act can cause so much hurt and grief and pain . " Jacob Schreiber , president of the community center , remembered the family fondly . "  This is one of the nicest , kindest , most supportive families that we have here , " he said . "  This has left us all breathless . " The Corporons were active members of the United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood . "  They have a deep faith . They do n't believe this was God 's time , " said the Rev. Adam Hamilton , the church 's pastor . "  They do n't believe God wanted a man to pick up a gun and start this shooting . " Now , Will Corporon said , the family is turning to their faith , and to each other . "  It absolutely provides comfort . Evil is evil , and no one in my family believes that God is doing this to punish us or cause us harm , " he said . "  You know , evil people do evil things , and what we will rely on is our faith to get us through this , knowing full well that it 's only by the grace of God that we 're going to be able to pull together and come to grips with what 's happened . " The funeral service for Corporon and his grandson is planned for Good Friday . Terri LaManno LaManno , 53 , was visiting her mother at Village Shalom , a trip she made every Sunday . Her Catholic church , St. Peter 's Parish , posted a message on its website describing her as "  a loving mother and wife , and a gentle and giving woman . " Tuesday would have been her 25th wedding anniversary , family spokesman Brian Fowler said . She worked for eight years as an occupational therapist at the Children 's Center for the Visually Impaired in Kansas City . On its website , the center described her as a "  victim of the senseless shooting ... at Village Shalom " and expressed sympathies to her husband and children . "  Terri was a gracious , generous , skilled and deeply caring individual who made a great difference in the lives of so many children and their families , " the center said . On the center 's Facebook page , commenters sent prayers and condolences . "  We were immeasurably blessed by our time in therapy with Ms. Terri , " commenter Nicole Spence wrote . "  Her love , patience , dedication and skill changed the course of our son 's life . " In a statement , LaManno 's family said it was devastated by her death and asked for privacy as they grieve . "  My mom was a beautiful soul , she always thought of everyone before herself . The world needs more people like her . She was a warm , loving and beautiful person , " the statement said . "  She was the best mother , wife , sister and friend that anyone could ask for . She lived for God and the people she loved . " 3 dead in 2 shootings Suspect 's history CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Relative of victims : Shooting was "  a senseless , stupid act " Terri LaManno was a therapist who worked with visually impaired children Reat Griffin Underwood was a 14-year-old high school freshman who loved singing William Lewis Corporon was Reat 's grandfather and practiced family medicine
CNN  -- Ramiro Valdes , 77 , is one of only four remaining original rebels led by Fidel Castro in the 1950s in Cuba . By Cuban standards , he has had a remarkable career , serving the Castro brothers loyally for years in a variety of posts , some which made him notorious . Now , Valdes has accepted a new task outside Cuba that is raising skepticism . He arrived this week in Venezuela as a consultant for that country 's energy crisis . Venezuela is facing critical electricity shortages that have created rolling blackouts in some areas . The government of Hugo Chavez blames a long drought that has reduced energy production at the country 's main hydroelectric dam , while others say the real problem is a lack of investment in energy infrastructure . The issue has become a political one , but regardless of the reason for the electricity shortages , experts warn that Venezuela faces a complete electric collapse if something is n't done soon . That 's where Valdes comes in , as well as the critics who have seized upon his biography . "  His reputation is as a ruthless minister of interior , " said Ann Louise Bardach , who wrote about Valdes in her book "  Without Fidel : A Death Foretold in Miami , Havana and Washington . " Valdes has been with the Castro brothers from the beginning of the revolution and today is arguably the No. 3 man in the Cuban hierarchy , she said . As interior minister , Valdes oversaw secret police operations and gained a reputation for being ruthless when it came to suppressing dissidents . "  He 's known for his willingness to do crackdowns , " Bardach told CNN . Most recently , he has been in charge of the Internet on the communist island . "  He 's the one who makes sure most Cubans do n't have access to the Internet , " Bardach said . One thing Valdes lacks , critics say , is experience in the energy sector . "  For us engineers in Venezuela , it makes no sense , " Enzo Betancourt , president of Venezuela 's Association of Engineers , told CNN . There are plenty of qualified engineers in the country with the experience to fix the electricity shortfalls , he said . Furthermore , Venezuelan engineers are already familiar with the electric system and equipment in the country , he added . Chavez has been under increased pressure lately because of the energy problem and other domestic quarrels , including the suspension of an opposition cable broadcaster -- ostensibly for not following broadcast laws . The move resulted in many days of protests and marches , organized in part online through social networking sites . In a televised speech , Chavez went so far as to say that spreading criticism against the government through the Internet constitutes "  terrorism . " So critics are eying the subsequent hiring of Cuba 's top Internet censor to help Chavez in Venezuela . "  This man presumably came here to do things other than help us -LSB- with the electricity problems -RSB- , " Betancourt said . After all , Bardach said , Valdes is the man who has referred to the Internet as a "  wild colt " that must be tamed . But that may not the only explanation for Valdes ' arrival , said Jose Vicente Carrasquero , professor of political science at the Universidad Simon Bolivar in Caracas , Venezuela . While Valdes may not be an energy man , he does have a background in government purchases , Carrasquero told CNN . Venezuela 's alliance with Cuba in areas such as medicine has resulted in a system in which Cuba purchases medical equipment that it in turn sells to Venezuela at a markup , he said . Carrasquero said it is possible that Valdes is coming to do something similar with the energy sector . That is , assess what equipment Venezuela needs to meet its electricity needs and have the Cuban team purchase it and then sell it to Venezuela . The bottom line , he said , is that "  President Chavez 's dependence on Cuba is reaching unprecedented levels . " The Venezuelan government said that the Cuban team is simply one of several foreign teams that have been called to help . Energy Minister Ali Rodriguez cited teams from Brazil and Argentina that have already arrived , along with offers of help from Russia and China . As for Valdes and his team , "  They have great expertise on matters of saving electricity and electrical efficiency , " the minister said , according to the state-run ABN news service . "  They have realized extraordinary work in the replacement of a great quantity of very inefficient equipment , pushing forth an energy revolution where they changed all of the incandescent light bulbs for energy-saving bulbs . " The Cubans also came up with an electrical grid that divides the country into rings , so that problems in one area wo n't affect other areas , Rodriguez said . In all , the Venezuelan government will invest more than $ 4 billion to fix the electricity problems , he said . Calls to Venezuelan authorities for further comment on the appointment of Valdes were not immediately returned .	Ramiro Valdes , 77 , is one of only four remaining original rebels led by Fidel Castro in the 1950s Some worry about what Valdes , who 's been called ruthless , will be up to in Venezuela He 's been hired to help end energy crisis , but critics say he lacks energy sector experience But others say Valdes , who has experience in government purchases , could help
CNN  -- A Russian television reporter was killed Tuesday while covering the crisis in Ukraine , according to state-run media . Igor Kornelyuk , a correspondent with Russia 's state-run VGTRK , came under mortar fire along with his crew near the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk , according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , a regional security bloc . Kornelyuk later died at a Luhansk hospital , said ITAR-Tass , a Russian government news agency . "  This death is yet another horrid reminder that not enough is being done to protect journalists who risk their lives reporting from conflict zones in Ukraine , " said Dunja Mijatovic , the OSCE 's representative on freedom of the media . Mijatovic also said the crew 's sound engineer , Anton Voloshin , is missing . Much of the conflict has been centered in Luhansk . On Monday , hundreds of pro-Russian militants carried out a coordinated assault on a border guard base there . Five of those militants were killed in the attack , said Oleg Slobodyan , the spokesman for the Ukrainian State Border Guard Service . Seven people were also killed Monday in a separate attack at a Luhansk government building , health officials said .	VGTRK correspondent Igor Kornelyuk was killed in mortar shelling Tuesday Kornelyuk was covering the crisis in the Ukrainian city of Luhansk The crew 's sound engineer is missing Media watchdog : Death shows that "  not enough is being done to protect journalists " in Ukraine
CNN  The world 's most populous country also has the largest -- and fastest growing -- online population . China has now surpassed 649 million users , outnumbering the entire U.S. population two to one , according to official figures released Tuesday . The China Internet Network Information Center 's  CNNIC  35th "  China Internet Development Statistics Report , " documents online usage in the country for 2014 , and identified the staggering number of connected Chinese citizens . The growth of mobile internet is largely credited for the increase , with 80 % of users -- 557 million -- using smartphones and tablets to connect . However , the rate of growth is slowing somewhat , the report said , with 31 million new users added in 2014 compared to 54 million in 2013 . The rate of growth in mobile users was significantly higher than the overall increase , with 57 million new mobile users logging on last year . Despite the huge number and rapid growth of connectivity , the overall population size means that still a majority  52.1 %  of Chinese have no access to the internet . Rural users are heavily outnumbered by their urban counterparts . After China , the U.S. has the second largest number of Internet users , with 280 million , followed by India  243 million  and Japan  109 million  , according to data compiled by the World Bank and United Nations amongst others . Those who are connected largely have a different user experience from internet users in the West , with sites like Twitter , Facebook and Google blocked or severely restricted . Thousands of terms deemed sensitive by the government -- such as "  end one-party dictatorship " -- are also banned . And China 's "  Great Firewall " is getting harder to break through . Prior to the latest crackdown , many Chinese internet users employed VPNs -- virtual private networks -- to get around the draconian censorship laws . But now these VPNs are also being shut down . Without unfettered access , however , some are concerned that China is strangling its nascent "  knowledge economy . " While the huge number of connected users -- particularly those on smart devices -- is a boon to companies like Apple , which credits a large part of its phenomenal quarterly earnings to its huge Chinese fanbase , there is a cost . Strict , new Chinese government rules will subject foreign companies to tailor their products for use within China . By insisting that overseas companies give up source code and back-end data on their China-bound products , could are put at a huge competitive disadvantage . READ MORE : China crackdown makes it harder to get around the Great Firewall	China has 649 million users , outnumbering the entire U.S. population two to one 80 % of users -- 557 million -- use smartphones and tablets to connect "  Great Firewall " means Chinese user experience very different from outside of China
New York  CNN  -- Calling a sharp drop in overall violence throughout America 's most populous city "  one for the record books , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced this week that 2009 saw historic crime-rate declines across the city 's five boroughs . The declines occurred in nearly every crime category , including the "  lowest number of murders ever , " Bloomberg said Monday . According to the mayor 's office , there have been 461 homicides to date on Monday in 2009 . That number is down nearly 11 percent from the same time a year ago , with 516 murders recorded in 2008 . Bloomberg said 2009 is on track to have the fewest murders in New York City 's history since reliable recordkeeping began in 1963 . Bloomberg , with New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly at his side , relayed the latest findings at the New York Police Department graduation ceremony for the city 's 250 newest officers . The mayor said the drop in New York 's crime rate can be attributed to a combination of using new technologies and strong management , using statistics in police planning and responses , adequately funding the department and focusing resources to address problem areas . Along with stringent gun laws , regulations and enforcement mechanisms , the combination of all these strategies "  have helped to substantially reduce the level of violence on our streets , " Bloomberg said . Bloomberg and Kelly called special attention to "  Operation Impact , " the city 's program aimed to address particularly dangerous locales . Started in January 2003 , the operation floods troubled areas , known as "  Impact Zones , " with teams of rookie and veteran police officers . The program has allowed the police department to mass resources to provide security for those living in high-risk locations , Kelly said . "  Police officers are saving lives in New York City every day , usually in the poorest neighborhoods , " Kelly said . New York City had not had a year with fewer than 600 recorded murders before 2002 , but there have been eight consecutive years with fewer than 600 slayings , according to crime records . This year also saw the 19th straight year of overall decline of major felony crimes , authorities said . The highest spike in New York City murders came in 1990 , when 2,262 people were killed , according to the NYPD . Since 2001 , all major crime rates in New York have declined by 35 percent , according to the police department . Rape and robbery are down 38 percent and 34 percent , respectively . Murders and assaults have dipped by 29 percent , according to the department . National violent crime trends also are on the decline , according to the FBI . The bureau released nationwide crime statistics in June for the first half of 2009 , showing a nearly 4.5 percent drop in overall violence . Murder is down by 10 percent from a year ago across the United States , according to the FBI . The new class of officers from Monday 's graduation joins the largest police force in the world , one with about 38,000 uniformed personnel . "  The world will be watching them start their careers , " Kelly said at Monday 's graduation . "  Their first assignment is on patrol at Times Square on New Year 's Eve . "	As of Monday , New York City had 461 murders ; that 's down almost 11 % from 2008 Since 2001 , all major crime rates in New York have declined by 35 percent Mayor Michael Bloomberg credits use of technology , adequately funding police Mayor also credits the targeting of high-crime areas with large numbers of officers
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's long simmering battle against corruption has come to a boil , this time in Chongqing , the largest megalopolis in the world . A massive crackdown has implicated millionaires , gangsters , and even police officers . Known as "  dahei "  combat triads  , the campaign has put the spotlight on organized crime and how it has infested local bureaucracy and businesses through bribery , extortion , blackmail and violence . A group of defendants face sentencing this week in Chongqing on charges linked to organized crime . Criminal trials are under way following months of police investigation . Details of murky cases are trickling out . Among those on the dock is Xie Caiping , a portly woman believed be the "  mama san " of one of Chongqing 's notorious triads . Xie is accused of operating gambling dens , drug trafficking , giving and collecting bribes and terrorizing people , including policemen who had tried to investigate her illicit activities . More trials are expected as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gangs . Given China 's opaque political world , it is notable that the ongoing trial is extensively covered by the Chinese media . For years after the Cultural Revolution , Chongqing languished as a decrepit mountain-city in Sichuan province , better known for its spicy food and poor farmers carrying goods on bamboo poles . It became the world 's largest city in 1997 when the central government , by administrative edict , incorporated a huge area adjacent to the city into what is now the Chongqing municipality . China 's goal was to build up Chongqing into a modern mega-city that will later serve as the new economic engine in central China . Over the years , thanks of the influx of corporate investments and central government funding in infrastructure projects , the city of 31 million has become a center of an economic boom . But the economic boom has also led to the resurgence of local gangs engaged in human and drug trafficking , illegal gambling , prostitution , extortion and protection rackets . Gangsters were blamed for heinous crimes of murder and kidnapping . Local officials were accused of "  economic crimes " -- bribery , profiteering and malversation involving public funds and property . Such abuses have prompted popular anger and social unrest . Communist Party officials are under pressure to clean up or perish . "  The life or death of the party depends on whether or not we have a strong will to punish and prevent corruption , " Chinese President Hu Jintao told a meeting of the party elite last September . Party leaders pledged to attack the "  acute problems " of corruption , the gap between the rich and the poor , and the lack of democracy within the party 's own ranks . At the meeting , they outlined an anti-corruption directive that would compel officials and their families to disclose their property holdings and investments . "  The new transparency rules are meant to curb abuse of power , " says University of Alberta professor Wenran Jiang . "  It 's also aimed at appeasing public discontent over corruption . " In Chongqing , police operations started in June , leading to the arrest of over 4,800 suspected gangsters and the confiscation of 1,700 illegal firearms . Investigations led to many city officials , including police officers . They include Wen Qiang , Xie Caiping 's brother-in-law , who is now accused of colluding with gangsters . Highly regarded as an ace investigator , Wen was the deputy police commissioner and head of the city 's justice bureau . Last August , he was stripped of his posts , detained and charged of accepting over 100 million yuan in bribes in exchange for giving gangs a "  protective umbrella " . Local media reports say Chongqing residents celebrated Wen 's arrest by setting off firecrackers . The "  dahei " campaign is led by Bo Xilai . 60 , the city 's party chief who also sits on China 's ruling politburo . Son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo had served as Dalian city mayor , Liaoning provincial governor and China 's minister of commerce . An outsider in Chongqing , Bo has had to bring in his trusted protégé , Wang Lijun , to replace Wen Qiang as chief of police and clean up the city . Wang made his name as a tough , upright police commissioner in Liaoning province , Bo 's former turf . In response , the gangs have reportedly put a 12 million yuan bounty on Wang 's head . "  It not us who took the initiative to fight the underworld , " Bo Xilai told the Chongqing media . "  It 's the underworld who has compelled us to do so . The public has been gathering at the gate of our government building , holding blood-stained pictures , deeply distressed . The underworld has killed innocent people with machetes , like butchers killing pigs -- too horrible to see . " Bo said the campaign is aimed at restoring economic order and winning people 's trust . Bo 's get-tough stance has earned him praises , especially among the Netizens . "  Chongqing 's experience should be popularized nationwide , " wrote a Netizen from the eastern province of Zhejiang . "  Bo should be China 's leader in the new era , " wrote another . Some political observers think success in Chongqing could catapult him as a "  dark horse " in the next round of political transition , when the next generation of leaders take over in 2012 . "  Whatever his motives , the impact is not local but national , " says Wenran Jiang . "  Clearly , there is public support for such bold actions . " Jiang , who was Bo 's college classmate at Peking University in the late 1970s , remembers Bo as "  a smart student of Chinese and world history who always want to do the right thing . " It remains unclear if the current house-cleaning in Chongqing will spread nationwide . Cynics doubt if the Communist Party leaders have the stomach to genuinely root out the evil of corruption wherever investigations find them . "  These crackdowns are like swatting flies while ignoring tigers , " shrugs a white-collar worker in Beijing . Some see progress . "  At least they realize that the problem is very acute , " says a government functionary -LSB- who asked to remain anonymous -RSB- . "  We can not speak of a harmonious society unless the people are treated equally before the law . "	Anti-corruption drive in Chongqing implicates millionaires , gangsters , police Campaign has spotlighted organized crime , how it has infested local bureaucracy City 's economic boom has led to the resurgence of local gangs Criminal trials are underway as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gangs
CNN  -- Google Music , an online music store and "  free locker " for digital music , was rolled out to the public on Wednesday . On Thursday , however , questions abounded as to whether the service will amount to simply a "  me too " move , following Apple and Amazon 's well-worn trail through the digital-music forest , or a significant step toward making Google an e-music player . And while much of the always ready-to-attack tech blogosphere was less than enthusiastic , it 's legitimate to ask whether that 's even the real question . In a way , the product is just one more front in the battle between Android and Apple . Away from the desktop , iTunes users must have an iPod , iPhone or other Apple device to play the music , movies and other content they download . By selling more widely usable mp3s , Google Music will be viable across multiple devices . And , of course , Google would prefer you to choose a device running its Android operating system . "  In the end , this is n't about helping Google ` catch up to iTunes ' -- it 's about filling the big , gaping , musical hole in Google 's mobile business , " Peter Kafka wrote for All Things D . While no single Android phone has approached the popularity of the iPhone , Android smartphones as a whole have become a serious force , capturing more than half the overall market during the last quarter .  Android phones amounted to 52 % of the global market compared to about 15 % for the iPhone , according to Gartner  . Gizmodo 's Adrian Covert , who it 's safe to say was unimpressed with Google 's offering , says that nothing that was rolled out on Wednesday would entice iTunes or Amazon users to switch . Google Music is expected to soon offer 13 million songs from three of the four top record labels  Warner Music balked  as well as independent bands and includes free cloud storage for up to 20,000 songs .  Apple 's similar iMatch costs $ 25 a year  . "  The technologies might be current , but the ideas behind Google Music are tired , " Covert wrote . "  Speaking of old and tired , were you really pining away for another a la carte music store ? Probably not . Most of us have been buying tracks from iTunes and Amazon for years . " But : Is enticing users to switch even the goal ? For someone trying to decide between buying an Apple or Android device , iTunes could be a deciding factor . Google Music , at least in part , could take that bullet out of Apple 's gun . "  There are two things the critics decline to acknowledge : that Google is providing a simple , free service , and that all Google products start out underwhelming and gradually expand , " Devin Coldewey wrote for TechCrunch . "  Android was a mess when it showed up . And it 's still a mess -- a mess blowing up to the tune of half a million devices a day . " And with a long-term investment of resources  and , presumably , the successful wooing of more record labels  , the Google Music vs. iTunes tilt could eventually rival the current iPhone vs. Android fight . "  Apple now faces its arch rival in the retail-music sector where Apple is a juggernaut , " wrote CNET 's Greg Sandoval . "  But it also means that iTunes will face a company with deep pockets , a history of success in music  YouTube is one of the popular music distributors on the Web  and popular consumer devices , Android phones and tablets , that can help market the music store . This is something few previous rivals possessed . " But first , Google will have to get over the cool reception the launch got in some quarters , largely dinging the company for lacking innovation in a product that got a star-studded , splashy roll-out .	By offering mp3s , Google Music can be used on a host of devices Some tech writers were cool to Google 's rollout , saying it 's nothing new But Google Music gives Android devices an iTunes-like option
CNN  -- A father and daughter were n't going to just sit there when they discovered their home was being burglarized . Kevin Smith , a plastic surgeon from Houston , was just arriving home from a business trip on Friday when he and his daughter saw a group of apparent thieves pulling out of their driveway in a red pickup . His 22-year-old daughter , Alana , immediately worried over the whereabouts of her sister , who she left at home when she went to pick up her father from the airport . They called her sister Kara 's cell phone while sitting in their car , but there was no answer . Fearing the worst , father and daughter took off in pursuit of the suspects ' truck -- something authorities say you should never do . "  I locked eyes on them , and their eyes were terrified . I knew that they had done something terrible , " Alana said in an interview with CNN . "  I did n't know what happened to my sister , and I did n't know if she was OK . My instinct was this was my only chance to get these guys . " Kevin Smith recorded the chase on his cell phone while his daughter drove their car after the suspects . But he captured more than just a speedy car chase down their neighborhood road . The driver of the pickup noticed the pair trailing behind , and put the truck into reverse , crashing into the father and daughter 's vehicle . The suspects then threw their car into reverse again , smashing into the pair 's Audi sedan a second time . In the cell phone video , Alana can be heard asking her father , "  Dad , now what do I do ? " after the car turns off during one of the collisions . He tells her to turn the car back on . "  I was n't scared . I just wanted to catch them , " she said . They chased the truck for several more miles until the suspects turned their vehicle around and aimed it right at the father and daughter . "  It was just like in the movies , " Kevin Smith said . "  It was really eerie . At the end of this road , you see the truck turn around and you see the red truck popped out of the dust and head right turn towards us . " The truck smashed into their Audi , sending the would-be robbers and the father and daughter into a nearby ditch . The father then called the police . Minutes later , authorities arrived on the scene , arresting two of the three men , who now are facing criminal charges . The Houston Police Department did not provide additional information . "  I 'm proud of my daughter , " Kevin Smith said . "  As a father , you really do n't know how you raised your kid until they get older and you see how they can handle themselves . I do n't want her to be cavalier , but I want her to know I am proud . " He believes the suspects may be responsible for a series of burglaries that have been plaguing his south Houston neighborhood . "  I 'm tired of these people taking advantage of us . We 're not going to tolerate it anymore in our neighborhood , " he said . As for Kara , the daughter who was left at home , she was at the gym during the incident and was n't able to answer her cellphone while she was working out . Alana , who is going to law school in the fall , says the whole experience was unprecedented , but she feels blessed and fortunate that she and her sister are alright . "  I needed to do this for my neighborhood and my family , " she said . Smith suffered no injuries after the incident , and his daughter was released later from the hospital after being checked in for whiplash . Their car suffered front and back-end damage , and they were able to retrieve the television , laptops and a myriad of other possession that were stolen from their home . CNN 's Ryan Sloane and Carma Hassan contributed to this story .	A father and daughter discovered that their Houston home was being burglarized They followed the suspects in a car chase that almost turned deadly They captured video of the dramatic car chase
CNN  -- An Oklahoma judge entered not guilty pleas Monday for two men accused of killing three people in a shooting spree in a predominately African-American neighborhood in Tulsa this month , according to an attorney for one of the suspects . Jake England and Alvin Watts face murder and hate crime charges in connection with the April 6 shootings that also left two people wounded . They appeared before a judge via a video link from jail to hear the charges against them , said Clark Brewster , England 's attorney . Neither of the men , who are being held without bond , spoke . Watts was assigned a public defender , Brewster said . A preliminary hearing was scheduled for May 30 . Authorities say England and Watts went into a largely African-American section of Tulsa shortly after midnight and gunned down apparent strangers at four locations . Two men and one woman died after being shot in the chest , while two others were shot and survived . All the shooting victims are black . Police have identified Watts and England as white , though a probable cause affidavit released Friday noted England was co-owner of a truck that had Cherokee Nation license plates . England confessed to shooting three people , while Watts admitted to police that he shot the other two , both of them fatally , according to police documents . On Friday , Tulsa County District Attorney Tim Harris filed , against both men , three counts of first-degree murder tied to the deaths of Bobby Clark , 54 , Dannaer Fields , 49 , and William Terrell Allen , 31 . They also face two counts of shooting with intent to kill related to the two people who were wounded , according to the press release from the district attorney 's office . In addition , the men face five counts of malicious harassment . The district attorney notes that , according to Oklahoma law , that charge infers that a person has acted "  maliciously and with the specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , ancestry , national origin or disability . " The charge is equivalent to a hate crime under Oklahoma law , according to Partners Against Hate , a joint project of the Anti-Defamation League , the Leadership Conference Education Fund and the Center for Preventing Hate nonprofit groups . If found guilty on the murder charges , England and Watts could be sentenced to death or to life in prison . The maximum sentence for each charge of shooting with intent to kill is life in prison . First Assistant District Attorney Doug Drummond said in a press release that the prosecution is likely to decide whether to seek the death penalty after the preliminary hearing is complete . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Jake England and Alvin Watts face murder and hate crime charges They are accused of killing 3 , wounding 2 in a predominately African-American neighborhood A preliminary hearing is scheduled for May 30
CNN  -- Sen. Larry Craig said he "  overreacted and made a poor decision " in pleading guilty to disorderly conduct after his June arrest following an incident in a Minneapolis , Minnesota , airport bathroom . A police mug shot of Sen. Larry Craig after he was arrested at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport in June . Tuesday , in his first public statement on the arrest , the Idaho Republican said he did nothing "  inappropriate . " "  Let me be clear : I am not gay and never have been , " said Craig , who has aligned himself with conservative groups who oppose gay rights . With his wife by his side , Craig said he is the victim of a "  witch hunt " conducted by the Idaho Statesman newspaper . "  In pleading guilty , I overreacted in Minneapolis , because of the stress of the Idaho Statesman 's investigation and the rumors it has fueled around Idaho , " he said . "  Again , that overreaction was a mistake , and I apologize for my misjudgment . " Watch Craig say he did nothing wrong " He added : "  I should not have kept this arrest to myself , and should have told my family and friends about it . I was n't eager to share this failure , but I should have done so anyway . " A police officer who arrested him June 11 said Craig peered through a crack in a restroom stall door for two minutes and made gestures suggesting to the officer he wanted to engage in "  lewd conduct . " Craig 's blue eyes were clearly visible through the crack in the door , Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport police Sgt. Dave Karsnia wrote in the report he filed . "  Craig would look down at his hands , ` fidget ' with his fingers , and then look through the crack into my stall again , " Karsnia wrote in documents accompanying the arrest report . Craig said the officer misinterpreted his actions . After he was taken for questioning , the police report says , Craig pulled out a Senate business card and asked the officer : "  What do you think of that ? " Before the senator spoke in Boise , Idaho , Tuesday , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Republican from Kentucky , informed Craig the leaders of his own party were calling for an ethics investigation into what they termed a "  serious matter , " a Senate Republican leadership aide told CNN . The aide said senators , who discussed the matter by phone , were especially concerned about the business card allegation . The GOP leadership consists of McConnell , Assistant Minority Leader Trent Lott of Mississippi , Conference Chairman Jon Kyl of Arizona , Policy Committee Chair Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas , and Senatorial Committee Chair John Ensign of Nevada . "  Due to the reported and disputed circumstances , and the legal resolution of this serious case , we will recommend that Senator Craig 's incident be reported to the Senate Ethics Committee for its review , " the group said in a statement . "  In the meantime , Leadership is examining other aspects of the case to determine if additional action is required , " the statement said . Craig , 62 , pleaded guilty August 8 to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge in the incident , according to Minnesota criminal records . The senator said he "  chose to plead guilty to a lesser charge in the hope of making it go away . I did not seek any counsel , either from an attorney , staff , friends , or family . That was a mistake , and I deeply regret it . " On Tuesday , Craig announced that he has retained an attorney . The officer wrote he was on a plainclothes detail in the restroom because of citizen complaints and arrests for sexual activity there . Karsnia wrote that when the person occupying the stall beside him left , Craig entered it and blocked the door with his rolling suitcase . "  My experience has shown that individuals engaging in lewd conduct use their bags to block the view from the front of their stall , " the officer said in his report . The senator then tapped his right foot , "  a signal used by persons wishing to engage in lewd conduct , " Karsnia wrote , and Craig ran his left hand several times underneath the partition dividing the stalls . "  The presence of others did not seem to deter Craig as he moved his right foot so that it touched the side of my left foot , which was within my stall area , " the officer 's report said . When the police interviewed him later , the senator said that "  he has a wide stance when going to the bathroom " and that was why his foot may have touched the officer 's , the report said . Craig also told police that he had reached down to the floor to pick up a piece of paper , the officer wrote . "  It should be noted that there was not a piece of paper on the bathroom floor , nor did Craig pick up a piece of paper , " Karsnia wrote . "  During the interview , Craig either disagreed with me or ` did n't recall ' the events as they happened . " After Craig ran his hand underneath the partition wall three times , Karsnia held his police identification down by the floor so the senator could see it , the report said . "  With my left hand near the floor , I pointed towards the exit . Craig responded , ` No ! ' "  I again pointed towards the exit . Craig exited the stall with his roller bags without flushing the toilet , " Karsnia wrote . The senator initially resisted the officer 's request to go to the police operations center , he said , but finally did . There , he was read his Miranda rights , interviewed , photographed , fingerprinted and released , the report said . The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call first reported the arrest Monday . In a statement released Monday evening , Craig denied inappropriate conduct and said he regrets his guilty plea , which he entered without having an attorney present . "  At the time of this incident , I complained to the police that they were misconstruing my actions . I was not involved in any inappropriate conduct , " he said . "  I should have had the advice of counsel in resolving this matter . In hindsight , I should not have pled guilty . I was trying to handle this matter myself quickly and expeditiously . " Craig paid a $ 500 fine when he entered his guilty plea in Hennepin County Municipal Court in Bloomington , Minnesota , according to state criminal records . In his petition to enter a guilty plea , Craig acknowledged that he "  engaged in  physical  conduct which I knew or should have known tended to arouse alarm or resentment . " He also was required to stipulate in the statement that he would "  make no claim that I am innocent of the charge to which I am entering a plea of guilty , " the document said . On Tuesday , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed a complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee , asking that the senator 's conduct be investigated . The group , which largely targets Republicans , asked the committee to probe whether Craig "  violated the Senate Rules of Conduct by engaging in disorderly conduct , " a statement said . "  If pleading guilty to charges stemming from an attempt to solicit an undercover officer in a public restroom is not conduct that reflects poorly upon the Senate , what is ? " asked Melanie Sloan , the group 's executive director , in a statement . Sloan is a former U.S. attorney in the Clinton administration 's Justice Department . Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , chairwoman of the Ethics Committee , declined to comment on whether an investigation would be conducted . Her office noted the committee 's work is generally confidential . A Senate aide familiar with Ethics Committee practices said ethics rules do not specifically require a member to disclose pleading guilty to a misdemeanor . But the rules require the panel to look into a matter and determine whether an investigation is appropriate once a formal complaint is lodged . Craig resigned Monday night as a Senate liaison for former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign . Romney 's son Josh canceled a trip to Idaho on Tuesday . Craig , Idaho 's senior senator , is married with three grown children and nine grandchildren . A former rancher , he was first elected to the Senate in 1990 after serving a decade in the House of Representatives . His seat is up for re-election in 2008 . Last fall , Craig 's office publicly denied assertions by Internet blogger Mike Rogers that the senator is gay . Craig 's office dismissed speculation about the senator 's sexuality as "  completely ridiculous . " In 1982 , Craig denied rumors he was under investigation as part of a federal probe into allegations that lawmakers on Capitol Hill had sexual relationships with congressional pages , saying the "  false allegations " made him "  mad as hell . " He was never implicated in that investigation , which led to ethics charges against two other congressmen . In recent years , Craig 's voting record has earned him top ratings from social conservative groups such as the American Family Association , Concerned Women for America and the Family Research Council . He has supported a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , telling his colleagues that it was "  important for us to stand up now and protect traditional marriage , which is under attack by a few unelected judges and litigious activists . " In 1996 , Craig also voted in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act , which denies federal recognition to same-sex marriages and prevents states from being forced to recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples legally performed in other states . Craig also has opposed expanding the federal hate crimes law to cover offenses motivated by anti-gay bias and , in 1996 , voted against a bill that would have outlawed employment discrimination based on sexual orientation , which failed by a single vote in the Senate . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Idaho senator : I did nothing inappropriate ; I am not gay NEW : Republican senators call for ethics review of Sen. Larry Craig case Craig pleaded guilty this month to disorderly conduct at Minnesota airport Police officer reports senator peered into stall , gave a "  signal " in June
CNN  -- Three inmates were shot and wounded by guards Friday during an escape attempt at a Livingston , Texas , prison , officials said . The incident started about 9 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  when inmates were leaving a church service at a gymnasium in the prison , said Jason Clark , a spokesman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . While walking back from the church service , five inmates jumped an interior fence in an attempt to flee , officials said . Guards opened fire , wounding three of the inmates . All five were captured and the wounded inmates were taken to a hospital , Clark said . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Five inmates tried to escape from Texas prison , officials say Inmates had just attended church service moments before escape attempt Prison guards later opened fire on inmates , wounding three
CNN  -- A U.S. Army soldier who lost both legs serving in Iraq fell to his death from a roller coaster in upstate New York , police said . James Hackemer , 29 , was riding the Ride of Steel roller coaster at Darien Lake Theme Park Resort on Friday when he plummeted some 200 feet to the ground , according to Sgt. Greg Walker of the Genesee County Sheriff 's Office . "  They were descending from one of the hills when he became dislodged from the roller coaster and fell to the ground , " Walker said . Hackemer , who had been fitted with prosthetic legs , was not wearing them on the ride , according to senior dispatcher James Tripp of the Sheriff 's Office . Hackemer , a sergeant , had spent three years in rehabilitation after he lost both legs in an improvised explosive device blast in Iraq in 2008 , according to CNN affiliate WVIB . This was his first trip to the park since returning to his home in Gowanda , New York , in March , WVIB reported . "  However long he was on that ride ,  it  had to have been the best time in the last 3 1/2 years , " his sister Jody Hackemer told WVIB . "  It was the only time  that he  felt completely normal again , " she said . The park is working closely with local and state authorities to investigate the death . "  We are all brokenhearted by this tragic accident and will continue our support of both the family and the investigation , " park spokesman Chris Thorpe said in a press statement .	Army sergeant was riding without prosthetic legs Sister says it "  had to have been the best time in the last 3 1/2 years "
It was a simple ceremony on the northern bank of Washington 's Tidal Basin , attended by only a few people . First lady Helen Taft and Viscountess Chinda , wife of the Japanese ambassador to the United States , planted two Yoshino cherry trees , part of a gift of 3,000 cherry trees from Japan to the United States . One hundred years later , those two trees -- still standing -- and thousands more will be at the center of Washington 's annual National Cherry Blossom Festival , starting March 20 and continuing through April 27 . Diplomats still honor the friendship symbolized by the gift of the cherry trees . At press conference Thursday , Kazuhide Ishikawa , the charge d'affaires of the Embassy of Japan , emphasized his country 's commitment to "  deepening our bond and friendship for another 100 years . " Nature may cooperate with the festival schedule this year : A National Park Service official predicted the peak of the blossoming will be between March 24 and 31 , when 70 % of the buds will open . The buds usually last 10 to 14 days . The Japanese traditionally celebrate the spring blossoming of the flowering cherry trees , and the Japanese government and citizens have made many gifts of cherry trees to welcoming cities around the world . Wherever cherry trees thrive and are beloved , look for cherry blossom festivals as an annual rite of spring .  Whether or not nature 's calendar will coincide with the festivals is always an unknown . Washington The U.S. capital 's first festival was held in 1927 and lasted three days , featuring schoolchildren doing a tree-planting re-enactment . The event became two weeks long in 1994 , and this year there will be five weeks of food , arts , cultural and outdoors events in honor of the 100th anniversary of the gift of the trees . The Liaison Capitol Hill is offering room rates starting at $ 199 that include a commemorative cherry blossom branch  legally supplied by the hotel  , a box of chocolates , picnic goodies and Metro passes . The hotel 's restaurant , Art and Soul , is owned by renowned chef Art Smith , known as personal chef to Oprah Winfrey and "  Top Chef Masters "  contestant . Other hotels around Washington and suburban Virginia and Maryland are offering cherry blossom and springtime package deals . Call  877  44BLOOM  887-442-5666  or go online to book a reservation . Brooklyn , New York The Brooklyn Botanic Garden , which claims a more diverse collection of Japanese flowering cherries in one place than anywhere in the world outside Japan , celebrates cherry blossom season April 1-29 . The four weeks of Hanami , the Japanese tradition of experiencing every moment of the cherry blossoming process , include weekend tours of the garden 's Japanese plant collections and specialty gardens , and a packed weekend of celebrations April 28-29 . San Francisco San Francisco 's Japantown will host the 45th annual Northern California Cherry Blossom Festival , including food , culture , martial arts and music , on April 14-15 and April 21-22 . The pageant to choose the Cherry Blossom Queen and her court will be held April 14 . The festival will recognize the one-year anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan . Festival organizers will also pay tribute to the 100th Infantry Battalion , the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and the Military Intelligence Service , comprised mostly of Japanese Americans who fought in World War II . The 442nd  which absorbed the 100th in 1944  became the most highly decorated unit for its size and length of service . Vancouver , British Columbia Leave it to Vancouver to organize a Cherry Blossom Umbrella Flash Mob Dance on April 14 , complete with a pink festival umbrella  if you register for the umbrella and a gift bundle costing $ 10  . Details about the in-person rehearsal and an instructional video are online . The dance is but one part of the city 's annual Cherry Blossom Festival , to be held April 5-28 . Vancouver , which has more than 40,000 cherry trees gracing its streets , officially welcomes spring with this month-long celebration of the cherry blossom . The festival includes dance , demonstrations by Japanese chefs , haiku , painting and outdoor events . The city began planting cherry trees in significant numbers in the early 1930s after the mayors of Kobe and Yokohama presented Vancouver with 500 Japanese cherry trees to honor Japanese Canadians who served in World War I. Fukuoka , Japan The most dedicated of cherry blossom lovers will head to Japan to celebrate the blossom as the Japanese do . Japan travel expert Duff Trimble lived in Fukuoka for three years and spent a lot of time running and biking in Maizuru Park and Ohori Park , where cherry trees blossom . "  The ruins of Fukuoka Castle had the more typical concentration of cherry trees on top of the ruins and was one of the most popular cherry blossom-viewing areas in Fukuoka , " says Trimble , whose Toronto-based Wabi-Sabi Japan runs custom-guided Japan adventures . "  During the hanami  flower viewing  season , it was full of revelers celebrating the onset of spring . These hanami parties are always quite boisterous . " Trimble would often continue from Maizuru Park into Ohori Park , which also had a number of cherry blossom trees in the spring . For lodging , Trimble recommends the Grand Hyatt Fukuoka , the traditional Hotel Okura and With the Style , a boutique hotel .	U.S. capital celebrates 100 years of cherry blossoms San Francisco will choose a Cherry Blossom Queen Vancouver , British Columbia , will have a dance party to honor the blossom
CNN  -- Franklin Gomez is dying . His ribcage heaves up and down as a machine forces air into his lungs , screaming and beeping as it synchronizes with bags bringing him fluid and morphine . His four kids watch over him . His wife , Rosanna , squeezes my hand and says through tears : "  He is going to die and I ca n't do anything . " I first met Rosanna weeks after our daughter , Luna , was born . My friends Mirta and Maite had employed her as their caregiver and adored her affectionate way with children . Luna was lying in her playpen screaming , her eyes freshly opened . I raced around the apartment in my pajamas at 4 p.m. , trying to figure out how to breast-feed . Luna became calm almost as soon as Rosanna picked her up . "  A baby is a like clean slate , " she said , smiling at our daughter . "  I get to fill the slate . The only thing I ask is that you not get upset if I fall in love with her . Some parents get mad , and I just ca n't help it . " She fell in love with Luna . And my partner , Mafe , and I fell in love with Rosanna , who brought so much more than help with diapers and cries of distress . Luna learned to eat and crawl , then walk , all on her watch . Then she began to talk in English and Spanish , thanks to Rosanna . Rosanna formed this big happy crew with all the other Latina caregivers . Luna and Jackie and Sydney and Sofia and Ana , a string of little ones right behind them , went on adventures to the water park yelling "  agua , agua " and eating loads of rice and beans . Suddenly , this little person emerged who had adopted our caregiver 's thoughtful , shy , demeanor , who ate more vegetables than we could provide and had this delicate humility that is missing in so many little kids . Rosanna had left their own babies behind in the Dominican Republic to come care for the babies of families in the United States . It 's a typical story line in the Latino immigrant community . Rosanna and her husband , Franklin , wanted their children to have more opportunities , so they suffered a wrenching separation . Rosanna helped the babies of more privileged folks thrive while hers remained on an island , struggling with poverty . Franklin worked in restaurants , and eventually , they brought four children to this country , all of whom are now on the brink of citizenship . Luna was just beginning to talk when she accompanied Rosanna and her children to a critical appointment with their immigration lawyer . I still remember the story of how each of them identified themselves one by one -- Luis Franklin , Nicolas , Nathalia , Laura -- and Luna would say "  Luna Gomez , too . " She had truly become a part of their family . When we were finally able to tear ourselves away from our little girl , she spent a few weekends at their house and was indignant to find out that Rosanna and her husband shared the same bed . She wanted to sleep in between . Luna called Franklin "  Gomito " and adopted a Dominican accent . She credited them with her first trip to Chuck E. Cheese 's and talked about the Yankees since they lived in the Bronx . Rosanna and Franklin 's grandson is close to Luna 's age . So when Luna got into a great private preschool , I arranged for him to attend as well . How could I ask her to take my child to this great preschool when her grandson , Julian , did n't have a school ? Franklin had no health insurance and did n't qualify for government programs . So when he was diagnosed with prostate cancer , the prognosis was grim . I put out a call to the Latina Motherhood , that ethnic network that activates when there 's trouble in a family . I called Ana and Evelyn , Soledad and all the Marias . If they did n't know someone , they knew someone that knew someone , a doctor or a lawyer or a nurse , or a guy with a big van who can move a wheelchair . Or they offered money to a family that has none . Soon , this ailing man with no health insurance was sitting in Lincoln Hospital getting chemotherapy and kind words . Everyone did everything they could , and then some . Her kids really hustled . The two boys and youngest daughter increased their work hours even as they struggled to pay for college . The other daughter trekked her son and newborn daughter over every day to help care for her father . Still , the cancer spread and their finances deteriorated . Franklin feared dying alone . All the families whose children and sitters were connected to Rosanna stepped in to help cover her hours and help with finances . Family members were able to take shifts , sitting by his side . Rosanna cared for him all night and all morning , before caring for my child and two others . She picked up every hour of work she could bear to make up for his lost income and prayed and prayed and prayed . On Wednesday evening , we sat our daughter down to tell her that "  Gomito " had died . That her beloved Rosanna and her children will be very sad , and we will need to give all the help we can . We told her , as she cried softly , that every person is born and that every person dies , you just do n't know when . That it 's sad , but that all you can do is live your own life well and remember them fondly . We also told her that we are all in this life together .	Rosanna Gomez , a caregiver , has had a positive influence on Rose Arce 's life Arce credits Gomez with helping her daughter , Luna , to grow Luna has also become a part of Gomez 's family
CNN  -- WJLA anchorman Leon Harris remembers that when the pain began on August 1 , it came out of the blue . "  I woke up that Thursday morning prepared to go to the gym and then go to work and have a regular day , " he said . "  But I had this incredible , sudden pain in my stomach that was something that I have never felt before in my life . It felt like a horse had kicked me . " He admits that was n't enough to move him to seek help , though he says the pain was worse than other injuries and illnesses . He has had broken bones , surgeries , popped tendons , fallen off a truck , and driven himself to the hospital with severe appendicitis . "  I 've actually been run over by a truck -- none of that compared to what I felt in my stomach at that time . "  I 'm going through pain unlike any pain I have ever felt in my life and it literally knocked me to the floor and you know , being a stupid guy , a regular guy , I did what most guys do . I said : You know let me just take some Pepto Bismol , let me pop a couple of Gas-X pills , that 'll take care of it , it 's just gas . " An hour later , his wife , Dawn , who had recently graduated from nursing school , found him writhing in pain on the floor . She immediately got him to a local hospital . Harris credits her for saving his life . He says unequivocally , if she had n't come upstairs when she did , he would n't still be here . He thought he would just spend the night in he hospital and be back to normal the next day . But about 4 o'clock that morning things got serious . "  All of a sudden , the door opened , these guys came rushing in the room saying we 've got ta to go to intensive care immediately ... and I was sort of in a fog , not on any drugs at the time except for pain meds . I found out later it was because they said my kidneys were shutting down and my lungs were beginning to fill up with fluid . "  They called my wife and said you need to get here immediately because we need to intubate him -- to put me on a ventilator and they needed her to sign off on it . " When Dawn arrived , he remembers she asked him where his phone charger was . At that moment , he says , his eyes rolled back up in his head and he passed out . "  I was pretty much out from that moment for the next nine days . " So , within 36 hours of that initial "  kick " in the stomach , Harris was being life-flighted to Johns Hopkins hospital in Baltimore . "  For you to be life-flighted you 've got to be in pretty bad shape , " he says . Harris got a diagnosis of necrotizing pancreatitis . "  My pancreas basically decided to start dying and taking my kidneys , my lungs and other internal organs along with it . " He says his doctors described his gut as looking like "  a bomb had gone off inside me . " He adds , "  you do n't get symptoms until it 's already happening and if you do n't get that process stopped quickly enough it can be fatal , and that 's what was so dangerous about the situation I was in . " In order to allow his pancreas to heal , Harris says he was n't allowed to have anything in his mouth for 17 days , relying on feeding tubes for nourishment and a tube down his windpipe to breathe . The main causes of pancreatitis are gallbladder disease and alcohol consumption . Harris has a family history of gallbladder disease . While the specific cause for him is unknown , Harris knows this type of infection can be fatal and he says he came close to dying a couple of times . "  My heart stopped and they actually had to revive me ... at one point they were trying to replace the tube into my windpipe . I flat-lined . They were able to get me revived and the same thing happened the very next day . I had the tubes going down into my windpipe and I just knew that I could n't breathe . That was the absolute worst part of the whole thing . The pain in my stomach , fine -- that felt like someone had just taken a knife and cut my entire insides out . That hurt . That was nothing compared to not being able to breathe . That sensation of not being able to breathe , it was just like trying to go run a marathon breathing thru a cocktail straw . " He was so uncomfortable , he tried to pull one of the tubes out . "  I punched people , I kicked people . At one point it took 10 people to keep me on the table . " He was restrained , his hands and feet tied down for his own protection . He says hospital staff nicknamed him the beast . Eventually that fight began to take a toll . "  August 9 , I just got exhausted and I said I give up , I ca n't fight this anymore , what 's the sense of fighting , and just decided OK , fine , this is God 's way of telling me , ` OK buddy this is it ' and so that night I begged them to let me die . " But when he closed his eyes , Harris says he saw his wife 's face . "  That 's when I said I ca n't quit . If I quit I 'm gon na go to hell and I 'm not gon na go to hell for quitting . If I go to hell it 's gon na be for something else , it wo n't be for quitting . " Harris recovered and some are calling it miraculous . "  If there is such a thing as a miracle , the night of August 9 is when it happened . I begged to die and by August 10 I had a miracle , " he said . He has an even bigger appreciation for his wife and two children and the friends and family who stood by him during this ordeal . He also has some advice for other men who may be ignoring what their body is telling them . "  Do n't wait until you have as close a brush with leaving this Earth as I did before you decide that you 're worth going to see a doctor . ... Do n't say ` Eh , I do n't need to go see a doctor ' -- yeah you do ! " Harris continues to recuperate and is back at work . He returned to the anchor desk on September 9 .	On August 1 , Leon Harris felt terrible pain Doctors told him he had a condition called necrotizing pancreatitis Harris recovered and some are calling it miraculous
New York  CNN  -- It cost Alex Rodriguez nearly $ 1 million to buy his cousin 's silence on "  very sensitive " matters , according to court documents . The Yankees star paid his cousin and former personal assistant Yuri Sucart $ 900,000 in 2013 and gave him and his family medical insurance , a 2009 Chevrolet Suburban and a 5-bedroom house , in return for Sucart keeping quiet on confidential matters , said documents filed in federal court in Miami . The alleged hush money came in response to a December 2012 letter from Sucart 's attorney , Jeffrey Sonn , threatening a lawsuit and demanding $ 5 million and a "  life estate " for his client . "  Unfortunately for you , " the letter said , "  litigation with you over -LSB- Sucart 's -RSB- employment agreement will reveal all of his duties you instructed Yuri to perform . " According to court documents , Sucart introduced and personally arranged meetings between Rodriguez and Tony Bosch , the founder of the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami that is alleged to be at the center of Major League Baseball 's largest doping scandal . Fourteen players were suspended for using performance-enhancing drugs from the now closed clinic , including Rodriguez , who received a 162-game suspension -- the most severe doping penalty in MLB history . Sucart was arrested in August and charged with conspiracy and distribution of illegal steroids in connection with the scandal . In court documents , federal prosecutors said the letter from Sucart 's lawyer suggested "  the defendant would maintain his silence " in exchange for money . Sonn told CNN Tuesday : "  This was not a threat . This was about his  Alex Rodriguez 's  promise to employ Yuri Sucart for life and his breach of that agreement . These guys were like brothers . " Rodriguez 's lawyer , Joseph Tacopina , could not be reached for comment . The payments were first reported by the New York Daily News , citing court documents filed last week in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida . The letter and subsequent agreement between Rodriguez and Sucart were presented as evidence to support the prosecution 's argument that Sucart had lied on a financial document about his ability to pay for a court-appointed attorney . During his employment , Sucart acted as a "  servant " to Rodriguez and "  handled matters that were of a very sensitive and confidential nature , " according to the 2012 letter from Sucart 's attorney . In 2009 , Rodriguez admitted at a news conference that his cousin transported and administered to him a performance enhancing drug from the Dominican Republic . "  He basically took an instruction from me and felt he was doing something that was going to be helpful , not hurtful , " Rodriguez said . From 2003 to 2012 , Rodriguez paid Sucart an annual salary ranging from $ 50,000 to over $ 110,000 for his services , according to court documents . Rodriguez employed Sucart beginning in 1996 and paid him through the third quarter of 2013 , according to court documents . According to Sonn , Rodriguez 's payments stopped unexpectedly in November 2012 , leaving Sucart , his wife and two children in dire straits . "  You ceased providing Yuri and his family , indeed your own family , any support , and he has suffered greatly , financially and emotionally due to your actions , " the letter said . "  Given the sudden breach of your longstanding agreement with Yuri , " the letter continues , "  he wishes to propose that you provide to him payment for his past services rendered , and for the loyalty he has shown to you . " Half a year later , Rodriguez and his cousin reached a settlement under silence and secrecy , according to the documents . The June 2013 Confidential Settlement Agreement included in the prosecution 's evidence details the terms of the deal . The prosecution also included copies of four receipts for wire transfers totaling $ 900,000 from Rodriguez to a firm connected to Sucart . Rodriguez 's doping suspension by MLB officially ended last week with the close of the 2014 baseball season . He is eligible to return to the field with the Yankees in 2015 . Sucart faces up to ten years in prison if convicted .	Alex Rodriguez paid his cousin $ 900,000 in return for his silence , prosecutors say The cousin 's lawyer says money was a settlement for a breached employment agreement Court papers link the cousin to a clinic at the center of baseball 's doping scandal The cousin introduced Rodriguez to the founder of the clinic , the documents say
CNN  -- The leader of an Amish sect in Ohio , who was indicted on federal charges for allegedly shaving the beards and cutting the hair of community members , must pay for his own legal defense after making millions off an oil-and-gas deal , court documents show . Previously ruled indigent , Samuel Mullet Sr. received about $ 2 million in early March by leasing the rights to his 800-acre farm in Bergholz and will now have to foot the bill for his public defender should he choose to keep him , the judge ruled Monday . He is free to retain private counsel , should he choose to do so . The proceeds from the lease allowed Mullet to "  free the farm of all outstanding debt and mortgages , " court documents said . Because of his newfound wealth , Mullet must pay the public defender twice his normal government subsidized rate -- $ 250 per hour , a court order signed by U.S. District Judge Dan Polster said . Mullet , who is the bishop of the Amish community in Bergholz , also was ordered to pay an hourly rate of $ 125 for legal work performed before the ruling was made . In December , 12 members -- 10 men and two women -- of the breakaway Amish sect were indicted on federal charges of conspiracy to violate the Matthew Shepard-James Byrd Hate Crimes Prevention Act . They were also charged with obstruction of justice in the five incidents , which prosecutors said occurred between September and November . Mullet is being held without bond , because the court considers him a threat to the community and a flight risk . He has offered to secure his pretrial release through either a "  significant cash bond " or by "  pledging his property , " court documents said . The trial is scheduled to start August 27 . The manner in which Amish men wear their beards and Amish women wear their hair are symbols of their faith , authorities have said . Mullet "  exerted control over the Bergholz community by taking the wives of other men into his home , and by overseeing various means of disciplining community members , including corporal punishment , " prosecutors said . As a result of religious disputes with other Ohio Amish , the assaults "  on their perceived religious enemies " were planned and carried out . The assaults involved the use of hired drivers , as the Amish do not operate motorized vehicles , authorities said . "  The assaults all entailed using scissors and battery-powered clippers to forcibly cut or shave the beard hair of the male victims and the head hair of the female victims , " authorities said . "  During each assault , the defendants restrained and held down the victims . " During some of the incidents , those who attempted to intervene and protect or rescue the victims were injured , officials said . Afterward , some of the defendants allegedly discussed "  concealing photographs and other evidence of the assaults . " In addition to the other charges , Mullet Sr. , Lester Mullet , Levi Miller and Lester Miller are accused of concealing or attempting to conceal evidence including a camera , photographs "  and an over-the-counter medication that was allegedly placed in the drink of one of the assault victims , " the Justice Department said . "  Every American has the right to worship in the manner of his or her choosing without fear of violent interference , " Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general for the Department of Justice 's Civil Rights Division , said in December . The maximum penalty for the conspiracy count is five years in prison upon conviction , authorities said . The hate crimes charges would be punishable by a maximum of life in prison , while the maximum penalty for an obstruction conviction would be 20 years in prison . An FBI affidavit in the case says that Mullet in some cases forced members "  to sleep for days at a time in a chicken coop " and beat those who appeared to disobey him . Mullet had been "  counseling " married women in the sect , "  taking them into his home so that he may cleanse them of the devil with acts of sexual intimacy , " a sworn statement from an FBI agent said . Seven men were arrested in November as part of a raid on Mullet 's 800-acre compound , authorities said . When CNN asked Mullet in October whether he was behind the beard-cutting incidents , he asked , "  Beard-cutting is a crime , is it ? " He denied allegations that he was running a cult . Asked about what was , at the time , the start of a federal investigation , Mullet said , "  We 're not guilty , so we have nothing to hide . If they want to come and check us out , we 'd be glad to see them here . " CNN 's Chuck Hadad , Gary Tuchman and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Amish men 's beards and Amish women 's hair is a symbol of their faith Samuel Mullet Sr. makes $ 2 million on an oil-and-gas deal Authorities say Mullet "  exercised control " over his Amish sect Five incidents occurred between September and November , Justice Department says
Pyongyang  CNN  -- It is exceedingly rare for Western journalists to be allowed inside the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea  DPRK  -- commonly known as North Korea . It is even less common for an American reporter to visit this reclusive nation , home to nearly 25 million people who are essentially isolated from the rest of the world . Yet here I am , an American member of a CNN crew , reporting from Pyongyang about the latest high profile sporting event to sweep this city since a bizarre basketball tournament earlier this year . You probably remember when American NBA star Dennis Rodman organized a basketball tournament in Pyongyang . Rodman was widely criticized in the United States for befriending the DPRK 's Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un , whose authoritarian regime has been accused by a United Nations panel of widespread human rights abuses , charges that North Korea strongly denies . ` Sports diplomacy ' Outside press were not invited to cover Rodman 's trip . This time , CNN is among a handful of news organizations granted rare access to Pyongyang to cover the International Pro Wrestling Festival . Retired Japanese wrestling star turned politician Kanji "  Antonio " Inoki is organizing the event . In his professional heyday , Inoki fought in a memorable and bizarre 1976 match in Tokyo with boxing great Muhammad Ali . Today , as an aging member of the Japanese parliament , he is once again in the headlines for his latest attempt at what he calls "  sports diplomacy " between Japan and North Korea . Inoki is holding the event in the home country of Rikidozan , his late wrestling mentor . He says it will bring together professional fighters from the United States , China , and several other countries . The wrestlers are also scheduled to tour Pyongyang and interact with North Korean fans . Our journey so far After landing in Pyongyang , we headed to our hotel , which sits on its own island . Complete with a microbrewery , the hotel tries to give journalists on this trip a Western experience , serving simple Western-style omelettes and potatoes for breakfast . Dinner was a Korean-style meal . Taking a look around the city , we saw some people holding cell phones , which looked like small Blackberrys . People were n't blindly walking about with their eyes locked on the screen ; a common sight in Western cities . These were not touch-screen phones , instead gadgets where people can access the internal net and visit certain North Korean sites like government sites and the country 's largest newspaper . On Friday morning , we visited the birthplace of North Korean founder , Kim Il Sung . This site is considered sacred -- every North Korean who visits the capital goes there . Bus loads of school children , who took a 23-hour trip from a northern rural province , arrived at the site to take a look . Asked about how they felt about being there , the students recited facts about the place . Even when our minders encouraged them to speak with us , it appeared they were shy or nervous facing foreigners and TV cameras . We headed to the Munsu Water Park , a park with water slides and pools , that current leader , Kim Jong Un , is said to have personally scrutinized 113 times . There were n't many children there , though many North Korean families appeared to be enjoying the activities . The rest of Friday will be spent visiting a new pediatric hospital and a sports village -- all in Pyongyang . During our tightly-controlled five-day trip , we will be under the constant supervision of government minders . We are staying in a hotel on an island -- in the middle of a river -- and we are n't allowed to leave without our government-assigned escorts . We expect them to monitor what we shoot and step-in to stop us if we point our cameras in the wrong direction . We expect to see only what the government will allow us to see -- the landmarks of Pyongyang , omnipresent tributes to the Kim family regime , and majestic displays of patriotic pageantry . Thawing relations This unusual visit to the Hermit Kingdom comes at a time when years of frosty relations between Tokyo and Pyongyang could be beginning to thaw . In July , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe eased several unilateral sanctions on North Korea after the two countries made progress in talks about Japanese citizens kidnapped by the North Korean regime during the Cold War . The Japanese government says North Korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 Japanese citizens in the late 1970s and early 1980s and possibly dozens more . In 2002 , North Korea shocked the international community by admitting to the kidnappings and returning five victims to Japan . But questions still linger about the fate of the remaining 12 confirmed abductees and the other suspected cases . A North Korean "  Special Investigative Committee " of about 30 government officials is expected to update the Japanese government in the next few weeks on the status of missing Japanese citizens . Families of the abducted hope renewed diplomacy between the two countries will bring long-awaited answers . Among the Japanese sanctions lifted is a restriction asking its citizens not to travel to North Korea , which opens the door for more Japanese tourists to embark on commercial tours of the country . Behind the curtain Our flight on North Korea 's only airline  one of just 10 scheduled flights a week  was packed with mostly Japanese press and an eclectic group of wrestlers who will tour Pyonyang and entertain crowds who rarely see anything like this in their country . At a press conference , one North Korean official said he hopes the event will bring the DPRK closer to Japan after years of tension . Even though decades of isolation and crippling sanctions have left North Korea struggling economically and lagging far behind much of the developed world in terms of technology and infrastructure -- the nation is nearly unrivaled in its ability to mobilize tens of thousands of citizens to put on a spectacular show . It remains yet to be seen if we will get a glimpse behind the curtain to witness the true reality of life in one of the most secretive places on Earth . I asked our government minders if they 'd be willing to show us what life is really like for regular people in North Korea . They said they 'd ask their superiors and get back to us .	CNN is in Pyongyang for the International Pro Wrestling Festival Organized by Japanese wrestling star turned politician Kanji "  Antonio " Inoki NEW : CNN visits water park and birth site of North Korea 's founder Relations between Japan and North Korea are starting to thaw
CNN  -- The Justice Department and Puerto Rico signed a major civil rights agreement Wednesday to reform the commonwealth 's very troubled police force . The pact faces final approval by a federal judge , who will oversee its enforcement . An earlier Justice Department investigation found numerous problems in the Puerto Rico Police Department , the nation 's second-largest , including : -- Excessive use of force to suppress free speech . -- Unconstitutional stops , searches and arrests . -- A failure to investigate sexual assault and domestic violence allegations . "  Although I recognize that complete and lasting reform will not take hold overnight , I 'm confident that this agreement lays out a clear path for responding to concerns , correcting troubling practices , safeguarding the rights of Puerto Rican citizens , restoring public trust , and ensuring public safety , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in remarks prepared for a news conference . According to the Justice Department , the agreement with Puerto Rico is among the most extensive agreements involving the police misconduct provision of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 . The American Civil Liberties Union welcomed the agreement on an issue it highlighted more than a year ago . "  At long last , the government of Puerto Rico will work together with the Justice Department to end the rampant police abuse that has plagued the island for so many years , " Executive Director Anthony Romero said in a statement . "  We trust that this historic settlement means that Puerto Ricans will no longer have to live in fear of their own police force . A court-enforceable agreement like this ensures that the PRPD will be held accountable if it fails to overhaul its policies and practices . " An ACLU report in June 2012 disclosed evidence of widespread abuses and violations of civil rights by the 17,000-strong police department , saying the force "  has run amok for years . " The abuse was "  pervasive and systemic , island-wide and ongoing , " the report said . The Justice Department announced in December that it reached a preliminary agreement with Puerto Rico . It delayed implementation to allow then-incoming Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla the time to review it and suggest possible changes . Puerto Rico 's police force serves almost 4 million residents . 2012 : White House weighs in on statehood vote	NEW : ACLU welcomes the agreement A federal judge still needs to approve the agreement Investigation found police used excessive force to suppress free speech It also cited unconstitutional stops , searches and arrests
CRAWFORD , Texas  CNN  -- Anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan does n't come around President Bush 's ranch any more , but there 's a new kid in town trying to get his attention . Peace activist Alix Bryan traveled 11,000 miles to President Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas . Peace activist Alix Bryan , 33 , arrived near the ranch here on Saturday afternoon aboard a motor scooter that goes about 55 miles per hour -- on 12-inch wheels . She drove the scooter from the White House to a home in Crawford dubbed by anti-war activists as the "  Peace House , " mapping out a circuitous route that formed a peace sign . Sheehan used to frequent the house . Bryan bears little resemblance to Sheehan , a California woman who gained national attention as a protest leader after her son Casey was killed fighting in Iraq . Sheehan 's loss prompted her to camp near Bush 's home in Crawford throughout August 2005 , demanding a meeting with the president to discuss her son . Bush refused to see her , and she abandoned her protests in Texas last year . Bryan 's odyssey took three months . She journeyed more than 11,000 miles braving elements ranging from rain to wind and even one speeding ticket  which she says she talked her way out of  .  Watch Bryan arrive in Crawford " "  I had my moments actually where I was just exhausted , I mean it 's draining , " Bryan said upon her arrival in Crawford . "  I 've ridden in heat from 105 degrees to temperatures  as low as  40 degrees . " Bryan blogged about the trip on the Web site of Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , the liberal presidential candidate , and sustained herself with donations to her own site , www.peacescooter.com . Bryan said she always planned to end her trip in Crawford and hoped to arrive on September 15 after hitting the road from the White House in July . But weather delays and running out of gas once delayed her arrival in Texas until this weekend , when Bush happens to be spending time at his ranch . While the odds of landing a meeting with the president are remote at best , Bryan said if she had the chance she would like to start a dialogue of peace based on the conversations she had with Americans along the way . "  I would say even those who voted for Bush do not support this war , " she said . But the large crowds of antiwar activists that followed Sheehan around Crawford in the summer of 2005 have long since vanished . A "  rally " at the Peace House to celebrate Bryan 's arrival drew just a handful of antiwar activists . Nevertheless , Bryan said she was not defeated . "  Calm seas , " she said , "  do n't make good sailors . " E-mail to a friend	Antiwar activist 's route from the White House to Bush 's ranch forms peace sign Bryan rode scooter more than 11,000 miles on circuitous route Activist says she 's hoping to start a dialog to end war in Iraq
CNN  -- With the 2010 World Cup being held in South Africa next year CNN takes a look at one of the greatest talents South African football has ever produced , Jomo Sono . Jomo Sono 's international career never took off because of South Africa 's exclusion from world football . Matsilela Ephraim Sono was born in 1955 in Soweto , but his career as an international player never got off the ground as South Africa were officially expelled by world governing body FIFA in 1976 during the apartheid regime in the country . The Black Prince , as he was known , made his mark as a player of legendary skill who was denied a world stage through circumstances beyond his control . Sono was a midfield general and renowned for his dribbling and accurate passing -- but it is difficult to say how he would have faired against the best players in the world as he was not given the opportunity . Watch CNN 's interview with Sono . "  He was one of the first South Africans to play overseas where he played for the New York Cosmos alongside Pele , " South African football writer Mo Allie told CNN . "  He played at a time when South Africa was internationally isolated so there was no opportunity for players to showcase their skills to the world . "  But he was fortunate in that he got the opportunity to go to the U.S. and he did very well there , playing alongside greats such as Pele . " After accomplishing everything that he set out to do at home club Orlando Pirates , Sono starred for the New York Cosmos , Colorado Caribous and Toronto Blizzard in the United States . On his return to South Africa after his retirement , Sono bought the Highlands Park Club in Johannesburg in 1982 and renamed it Jomo Cosmos in honor of his old team in New York , before becoming coach of the South African national side . "  So many of today 's South African players would have heard a lot about Jomo Sono but many would n't have seen him in action apart from a few snippets of TV highlights , " Allie added . "  They will identify more with him as a coach because he led the national side in the 1998 African Cup of Nations and took them to the 2002 World Cup finals . " Sono has proved to be as astute off the pitch as he was on it and has become a successful businessman , owning a number of companies around Johannesburg . And the current South African squad will be looking to carry on his footballing legacy when they attempt to become the first African team to win the World Cup next year .	Jomo Sono is one of the greatest footballers South Africa has ever produced Sono 's international career never took off because of South Africa 's exclusion He was major success at Orlando Pirates before playing in the United States Sono also coached South African national side to the 2002 World Cup finals
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush lifted an executive order banning offshore oil drilling on Monday and urged Congress to follow suit . If President Bush can persuade Congress , more oil rigs like this one off Canada could appear off U.S. shores . Citing the high prices Americans are paying at the pump , Bush said from the White House Rose Garden that allowing offshore oil drilling is "  one of the most important steps we can take " to reduce that burden . However , the move is largely symbolic as there is also a federal law banning offshore drilling . "  This means that the only thing standing between the American people and these vast oil reserves is action from the U.S. Congress , " Bush said . Watch Bush announce lifting of ban " Bush has been pushing Congress to repeal the law passed in 1981 . "  There is no excuse for delay , " the president said in a Rose Garden statement last month . iReport.com : Is drilling the answer ? "  In the short run , the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , " Bush said , adding that there is no more pressing issue for many Americans than gas prices . Bush 's father , President George H.W. Bush , signed the executive order in 1990 banning offshore drilling . See where offshore drilling is allowed " The issue has gained prominence in the presidential race . Sen. John McCain recently announced he supported offshore oil drilling , reversing his previous stance . Sen. Barack Obama wants to keep the ban in place . Experts say offshore oil drilling would not have an immediate impact on oil prices because oil exploration takes years . "  If we were to drill today , realistically speaking , we should not expect a barrel of oil coming out of this new resource for three years , maybe even five years , so let 's not kid ourselves , " said Fadel Gheit , oil and gas analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. . Equity Capital Markets Division . But it almost certainly would be profitable . Candida Scott , an oil industry researcher at Cambridge Research Associates , said oil needs to be priced at $ 60 a barrel or more to justify deep-shelf drilling . With oil now selling for $ 145 a barrel , companies are almost assured of profiting from offshore drilling , Scott said . In his statement last month , Bush also renewed his demand that Congress allow drilling in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas such as the Green River Basin of Colorado , Utah and Wyoming . The White House estimates that there are 18 billion barrels of oil offshore that have not been exploited because of state bans , 10 billion to 12 billion in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and 800 billion barrels of recoverable oil in the Green River Basin .	End to executive ban on offshore drilling does not affect separate federal law President Bush has been urging Congress to repeal law banning offshore drilling Offshore drilling ban has become a campaign issue John McCain supports ending ban on drilling ; Barack Obama wants to keep it
Washington  CNN  -- Is this week 's anti-American chaos in the Arab world going to be President Barack Obama 's Jimmy Carter moment or Republican challenger Mitt Romney 's John McCain moment ? The unrest so far in Libya , Egypt and Yemen -- embassies attacked , an American ambassador killed , spreading protests -- evokes memories of another U.S. crisis more than 30 years ago . In 1979 , Iranians celebrating their revolution invaded the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and took 52 Americans hostage to launch a crisis that helped doom Carter 's re-election bid a year later . Romney and some conservative backers seek to draw parallels between the Carter and Obama presidencies , hoping to weaken what has been a major advantage for Obama on foreign policy and cement in voters ' minds that he does n't deserve a second term . Romney : ' A strong America is essential to shape events ' The question is whether the strategy at a vital moment in the November election campaign , following the two party conventions and heading into the debates , will end up raising or sinking Romney 's hopes . Unable to catch up in the polls , the former Massachusetts governor launched immediate and initially inaccurate criticism of Obama 's foreign policy on Tuesday night -- the 11th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- after first reports of protesters breaching the U.S. Embassy in Egypt and of an attack that had killed an American at a U.S. diplomatic compound in Libya . "  It 's disgraceful that the Obama administration 's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions , but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks , " the Romney statement said in reference to a Cairo embassy statement that was released before protesters stormed the compound . When news emerged Wednesday that the Libya attack killed four people , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , Romney found himself criticized by Democrats and some Republicans and conservatives for what they depicted as a crass and non-presidential move . "  Governor Romney seems to have a tendency to shoot first and aim later , " Obama told CBS in an interview on Wednesday . "  And as president , one of the things I 've learned is you ca n't do that . It 's important for you to make sure that the statements that you make are backed up by the facts and that you 've thought through the ramifications before you make them . " Obama : Romney overstepped on Libya , Egypt attacks Daniel Larison , a contributing editor at The American Conservative , wrote on the group 's website that Romney tried unsuccessfully to apply his campaign theme that Obama has been a weak leader to a situation that did n't fit . He called the mistake akin to McCain 's unorthodox reaction to the unfolding financial crisis during the 2008 campaign , when the Arizona senator called for both candidates to suspend campaigning and insisted the fundamentals of the economy were sound in the face of collapse . A more reasoned response by Romney "  would n't have fit his ready-made scheme of Obama-as-Carter , but it would have spared him of most of the ridicule he 's receiving now , " Larison wrote , adding : "  Now instead of portraying Obama as Carter , he has presented himself as the bumbling McCain figure of 2012 . " Mark Salter , a former chief of staff and campaign adviser to McCain , also took issue with Romney 's move , writing on the website realclearpolitics.com that "  the rush by Republicans -- including Mitt Romney , Sarah Palin and scores of other conservative critics -- to condemn  Obama  for policies they claim helped precipitate the attacks is as tortured in its reasoning as it is unseemly in its timing . " "  I understand the Romney campaign is under pressure from some Republicans to toughen its attacks on the president , " wrote Salter , comparing it to similar pressure on McCain four years earlier . " ... But this is hardly the issue or the moment to demonstrate a greater resolve to take the fight to the president . " After his vigorous attacks on Obama on Tuesday night and Wednesday , Romney dropped some of the harshest rhetoric from remarks at a campaign event on Thursday in Virginia while continuing to label the president as a weak leader . "  As we watch the world today , sometimes it seems we 're at the mercy of events rather than shaping events , " he said , later adding that "  the world needs American leadership , the Middle East needs American leadership , and I intend to be a president that provides the leadership that America respects and will keep us admired throughout the world . " For his part , Obama emphasized U.S. muscle on Thursday in promising a Nevada campaign event that "  no act of terror will go unpunished . " The president added that he instructed his administration to "  do whatever is necessary to protect all Americans who are serving abroad . " Opinion : Romney foreign policy attack was disgraceful The back-and-forth on the issue reflects the competing efforts by the Obama and Romney campaigns to frame the election in terms favorable to their candidate . Obama seeks to make it a question of competing visions for the future , while Romney pushes for a referendum on Obama 's presidency at a time of high unemployment , sluggish economic recovery and mounting federal deficits and debt . Romney previously has sought to tie Obama to the troubled , one-term Carter presidency , focusing on the economy -- considered the most important issue of the campaign . However , Romney trails Obama in the latest polling , particularly on foreign affairs . A recent CNN/ORC International poll showed Obama favored over Romney on foreign policy by 54 % -42 % . With less than eight weeks to the election , Romney appeared to leap at the chance to challenge Obama on foreign policy when first reports of attacks on U.S. compounds in Egypt and Libya emerged . He continued to sharply criticize the administration on Wednesday , saying it sent "  mixed messages " on American values and policy to the rest of the world . "  I think it is a terrible course for America to stand in apology for our values , " Romney said of the statement issued by the embassy in Cairo that condemned the anti-Islam video that fomented protests outside the compound . "  When our grounds are being attacked and being breached ... the first response of the United States must be outrage at the breach of the sovereignty of our nation . And apology for America 's values is never the right course . " Although Romney said the statement was released after the violence at the embassy , in fact it was released hours earlier . Arab Spring turmoil evokes political response Democrats quickly fired back , with former presidential candidate John Kerry saying Romney 's comments demonstrated "  an insensitivity and a lack of judgment about what is happening right now . " "  I do n't think he knows what he 's talking about , frankly , " the Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman from Massachusetts told CNN . However , some Republicans including Romney 's running mate in November , conservative Rep. Paul Ryan , quickly came to Romney 's defense . "  It 's never too early to be in strong support of the American values to stand up for what we believe in and to condemn those people who are damaging our property , " Ryan said in an interview with WLWT in Cincinnati . Conservative analyst Liz Cheney , the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney and a former State Department official in the Bush administration , accused Obama of a litany of missteps that she said weakened U.S. influence abroad . "  Apologizing for America , appeasing our enemies , abandoning our allies and slashing our military are the hallmarks of Mr. Obama 's foreign policy , " Cheney wrote in the Wall Street Journal , concluding that "  an America already weakened by four years of an Obama presidency will be unrecognizable after eight . " Republican strategist Alex Castellanos , a CNN contributor , agreed that Obama 's foreign policy was "  weak " and "  vacillating , " but he also acknowledged that Romney must win the foreign policy debate that the candidate himself launched to the forefront of the campaign . To Larison , the Romney gambit appeared to be a desperate move by a campaign that "  knows it 's losing . " "  When senior Republican foreign policy professionals start referring to this as his ` Lehman moment , ' likening it to McCain 's mid-September meltdown in response to the financial crisis , we can see that Romney 's latest attempt to seize on an international event has done significant and possibly irreparable damage to his campaign , " Larison wrote . "  Most Americans may not sympathize with Romney 's more aggressive foreign policy , but they might have been willing to believe him to be competent and have good judgment . This blunder undermines his claims to both of these . " Ex-SEALs , online gaming maven among Benghazi dead CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney seeks to draw parallels between presidents Obama and Carter Some Republicans say Romney blundered in his attack on Obama Polls show voters favor Obama on foreign policy issues
BRADFORD , England  CNN  -- Tuesday is her 104th birthday , but that has n't stopped Britain 's Ivy Bean from being an avid Twitter user and possibly the oldest person on the social networking site . Ivy Bean has 27,000 Twitter followers and tweets from the care home where she lives in Bradford , England . From the care home where she lives in the northern English city of Bradford , near Leeds , Bean updates her more than 27,000 Twitter followers about the ups and downs of her life -- from getting her hair done with her good friend Mabel , to eating fish and chips and watching her favorite game show , "  Deal or No Deal , " on TV . Last month , she tweeted her sadness that her friend Norma had passed away overnight . Before getting onto Twitter , Bean was already active on Facebook , where she maxed out her 5,000-friend limit in no time . Bean says she prefers Twitter because it 's easier than Facebook -- it only requires updating . She has linked both accounts so that her tweets automatically show up on Facebook . Bean says she knows people must think it 's amazing that she 's so active on online , but she thinks it 's a good way of keeping in touch with people . And for those who find it hard to jump on the Twitter bandwagon , Bean offers this advice : "  Keep on at it . " "  Old " is not the first -- or second or even 10th -- word that comes to mind with Bean , an engaging , lively and friendly lady with a warm and infectious smile . A resident of Hillside Manor , she recently won a gold medal at the residential home 's Over-75 Olympics in the Frisbee-throwing category . And she enjoys bowling on the home 's Nintendo Wii . No surprise , perhaps , for a lady who was a gymnast when she was younger . What do her friends think of her online popularity ? "  I think they might be jealous , " she said with a joking laugh . Others at Hillside Manor also have Twitter accounts , but not Bean 's friend , Mabel Davis , 87 . "  Just put me on yours , Ivy , " she says . Already , Bean 's centenarian tweeting and Facebooking have attracted international attention , and news outlets from around the world have interviewed her . Bean 's daughter , Sandra Logan , 61 , said she arrived for a visit one day only to find her mom busy with a call . "  I 'm on the phone with Israel , " Bean called out to her daughter . Part of the reason Bean is so active online is because the care home makes activities for its residents a priority . One resident wanted to learn more about photography , so he now takes a course once a week at a local college . The home also helped another resident get a passport so he could visit his son in Spain . Hillside Manor also recently hosted a quiz with students from the local college . The subject was history . The Hillside Manor residents won . "  We 're trying to do something different than knitting or crochet , " explained Pat Wright , the home 's manager . Bean came from a large family with four brothers and three sisters . All are gone , Logan said . Bean , who was in the middle of her siblings , was approaching 40 when she got married during the "  great war " to Harold Gibson Bean . He was a cook in the army , and she worked in a mill . After the war , the couple got a job "  in service " to a wealthy family . Ivy Bean was a housekeeper and her husband was the cook and butler to Lord and Lady Guinness in Northamptonshire , England . Daughter Sandra , their only child , was born two years later , in 1947 . The couple retired together but Harold Bean died a few years later , when he was in his 70s , Logan said . Bean now has three great-grandchildren with two more on the way , Logan said . They all call their famous great-grandmother "  Little Nan . " Wright says Bean is "  very open " to new suggestions and new ideas and is always willing to have a go at something . "  She must have been like that all her life , " Wright says . "  It 's not a new thing . I think if you 're one of those people that 'll try anything through your life , it does n't stop when you get old . " As she types an update on her Twitter page , Bean certainly seems to be displaying an open mind . Would she agree ? "  I do n't know if I have or not , " Bean says . "  But there 's something there . There must be ! " Is Ivy the oldest tweeter in town , or do you know an older twitterer ? Use the Sound Off box to post your comments .	British Twitter user Ivy Bean , 104 , may be oldest on social networking site Bean updates her more than 27,000 followers about ups and downs of her life "  I think they might be jealous , " Bean jokes about her friends Post your comments in the Sound Off box below
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is betting that the snap elections that he has called this month will bolster support for the sweeping economic reforms he has introduced since taking power in 2012 . But if the gripes of small business owners like vegetable seller Kazuhiro Ooba are any gauge , Abe will have his work cut out . Ooba has turned off some of the lights in his Yokohama store to save on electricity after his bills rose 30 % in a year , and he says his customers are in no mood to spend . "  The money will trickle down from big corporations , according to Prime Minister Abe , " he says . "  Where is it ? It has not reached to the people who work hard every day on the ground . " Economic woes Abe is painting the December 14 election as a referendum on his economic policies , the much-vaunted "  three arrows " of "  Abenomics , " the stimulus and economic reform package upon which the leader has staked his reputation . An unexpected dip into recession has dealt his flagship economic policies a blow , however , prompting the snap election . Almost half of voters polled for two recent opinion surveys said that the economy and jobs were the main issues for them . "  The election will be held to ask the public whether we will  move  forward with Abenomics or end it , " Abe said when announcing the closure of parliament . Campaigning for the 475 seats of the lower house of parliament that are up for grabs starts on Tuesday and polls put support for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party  LDP  around 30 % , and between 10 % and 13 % for the Democratic Party of Japan  DPJ  , the main opposition party . The LDP has been enormously successful in the postwar years , essentially having remained in power since 1955 . During this period , the DPJ have only governed twice , briefly in the 1990s and again from 2009 to 2012 . Strange timing An election was n't required until late 2016 , which has led to considerable speculation as to why Abe , with a sizable majority in the lower house -- 295 out of the 475 seats -- would risk ceding power so early . E. Keith Henry , analyst and founder of Asia Strategy , a Tokyo-based government policy consultancy , told CNN he found the timing "  puzzling . " "  Why call an election when you have such a dominant position ? " Indeed , polls suggest that a majority of the public do n't understand why Abe is calling an election at this time , and are critical of the cost during another period of recession . Voter turnout is expected to be low . "  There is a mental malaise in Japan which is responsible for the economic malaise  of the post-economic bubble years  , " Henry said . One rationale for the election is that Abe is simply consolidating his position before "  news gets worse , " says Jeff Kingston , director of Asian Studies at Temple University Japan . The opposition is weak , and in disarray , he says , and now is an ideal opportunity to "  lock in a two year extension " to the prime minister 's majority in the Japan 's parliament . "  There 's no great time  to hold an election  , " Kingston told CNN . "  This is the least-worst time . " CNN Money : Japanese voters to give verdict on Abenomics Place in the world While the election is being framed largely in economic terms , Japanese voters have plenty of other concerns , including the country 's energy policy . The ruling party is in favor of restarting the country 's nuclear reactors -- which were mothballed in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster . Local city assemblymen voted in October to fire up two reactors at the Sendai power plant in Kagoshima in Japan 's south . And Japanese are reflecting on their place in the world after Abe earlier this year issued a re-interpretation of Japan 's pacifist constitution to allow for a greater degree of self-defence . Hardline approaches toward China traditionally appeal to Japan 's voters , and tensions over maritime territorial disputes with neighbor China have intensified in recent years . The role of women in public and corporate life is also under scrutiny . The Yomiuri Shimbun , a conservative newspaper , estimates that only 184 female candidates will run in the December 14 election , about 16 % of the total . Abe says that he has long championed women in the workplace , but as traditions die hard in conservative Japan , the number of married women with children and jobs remains low . Gamble Ultimately , Abe 's election gamble will only pay off if he can convince the average salaryman or woman that his economic policies will benefit ordinary Japanese . While a key component of Abenomics has been extra government spending , a sales tax hike this year and rising costs have taken their toll on small businesses and their customers . In a bit to boost his election fortunes , Abe delayed a sales tax hike planned for October 2015 . His special adviser on economic affairs Etsuro Honda , has called for a further $ 25 billion in cash handouts and tax cuts to kickstart the economy . But it 's not clear whether this will be enough to satisfy voters . "  Abenomics is no good at all , " said Shuichi Kobayashi , the fourth-generation owner of a 100 year-old tofu shop owner in Tokyo , who is finding recent economic conditions a threat to his livelihood . "  Our life is getting tough . " WATCH : Japan delays tax hike and calls for election READ MORE : Japan profile : Tradition , innovation and 21st Century	Japan 's PM Shinzo Abe calls snap election for December 14 He 's framing the election as a referendum on his much-vaunted ` Abenomics ' economic policies Analysts suggest he may be shoring up power Other issues are important to Japanese voters , but may not get much play in this election
Cannes , France  CNN  -- Movie-makers in Cannes have announced they 're making a thriller based on the disappearance of Malaysian flight MH370 . The film , being produced by Indian company Rupesh Paul Productions , is to be entitled "  The Vanishing Act : The Untold Story of the Missing Malaysian Plane . " Paul told CNN : "  The movie is based on an investigative report by a journalist which was rejected by the media so it is definitely controversial . The movie will answer two questions : one is what went wrong with MH370 and where is MH370 on this earth ? " An eight-page pamphlet promoting the movie at Cannes ' Marchee du Film  film market  says the "  The Vanishing Act tells the story of five people who seek revenge for the death of their loved ones . They hijack a plane .  sic  but things are n't as they appear . The FBI too makes an appearance and things get murkier . " Paul denied making such a film now could be considered offensive to the families of the 239 men , women and children aboard the airliner , which disappeared on March 8 . "  There are a lot of coincidental similarities between the actual passengers who were travelling in that thing but I think they will not be hurt at all . Definitely not . If we 're totally wrong we will be in trouble . I know it is a risk we are taking . " The publicity material goes on to claim the film "  will have an international cast with actors from film industries across the world " including "  France , Russia , the UK and Korea . "  and will be "  a movie beyond man-made boundaries " and boasts that it will become a "  trendsetter . " The movie-makers claim they have recruited a number of leading Hollywood technicians who will bring their experience to the mid-air flight sequences . CNN has seen a trailer for the movie , comprised of stock footage of Malaysian Airlines planes cut together with scenes of love , jealousy and unrest in the cabin , accompanied by graphics charting a timeline to disaster . In what appears to be the only hint of sensitivity to the feelings of the missing passengers and their families , a single page of the promo pack is devoted to a picture of a woman writing on a wall covered with messages , under the banner "  Pray of MH370 . " Paul says investors from India , China and Malaysia itself are on board and will sign contracts at the weekend . 5 most controversial film festival moments Hunt for plane is most difficult in history Who has satellite data that shaped search ?	Movie-makers say they 're making thriller based on disappearance of Malaysian flight MH370 Producer denies making such a film now could be considered offensive to the families of 239 aboard Movie-makers claim they have recruited a number of leading Hollywood technicians to help
Thousands of people paid their last respects to Israel 's former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon Sunday as his body lay in state outside the nation 's parliament . "  He was one of the giants . He was very special , " said Ayala Weisel , who said she grew up learning of Sharon as a widely admired soldier who fought for his country . She was one of many mourners who shared memories with CNN on Sunday of Sharon , the towering military and political leader who died Saturday after eight years in a coma . Chaim Friedman , a tour guide , described Sharon as a great leader . "  He was known as the bulldozer because he got his way and he made things happen . He 's well respected for that , " Friedman said . "  Sometimes in Israel , you have to do it the straight way , or you have to find the other way to get things done , and he managed to do it . " Blake Fleisher of New York said he admired Sharon for disobeying orders and doing what he thought was right in 1973 during the Yom Kippur War . Sharon 's decision to lead 200 tanks and 5,000 men over the Suez Canal was a turning point in the war . "  He moved the tanks in a different way than he was commanded to do , and that 's what saved the state of Israel , and that 's why so many people are here today , " Fleisher said . A state memorial ceremony for Sharon is planned for Monday . World leaders , including U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , will attend the memorial , which will be followed by a funeral procession . The procession will include a stop in Latrun for a special meeting of the Israel Defense Forces and will end with a military funeral at Sharon 's Shikmim Ranch . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described Sharon as a warrior and a political leader . "  The state of Israel bows its head on the passing of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , " Netanyahu said in a statement Sunday . "  Ariel Sharon played a central role in the struggle for the security of the State of Israel over all its years . " But others painted a darker picture of Sharon 's legacy . And the same decisions that made Sharon a controversial figure during his lengthy tenure as a military man and politician were back on display in the initial reactions to his death . These moments include his role as defense minister during the 1982 war in Lebanon . During that conflict , he was held indirectly responsible by an Israeli inquiry in 1983 for the massacre of hundreds of Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps . He was forced to resign . He also raised ire in the Arab world by encouraging Israelis to build settlements on occupied Palestinian land , but later did an about-face and pushed for the historic withdrawal from settlements in the West Bank and Gaza , which were turned over to Palestinian rule for the first time in nearly four decades . READ MORE : Sharon 's life on the front lines President Shimon Peres made an address eulogizing his "  dear friend Arik Sharon , " calling him by his well-known nickname . "  He was an outstanding man and an exceptional commander who moved his people and loved them . And the people loved him , " Peres said . But Hamas , the Palestinian movement that runs Gaza , painted Sharon with a darker legacy . "  We deal with the death of Sharon as an end for the crimes he committed against the Palestinian people , " said Isra Almodallal , spokeswoman for Hamas in Gaza . "  The biggest crime was the Sabra and Shatila massacre in Lebanon , and we deal with Sharon as a criminal person . "  We will not forgive Sharon any way or another , " she said . At the Baddawi refugee camp in northern Lebanon , Sharon 's death was marked with long bursts of shooting into the air , the Lebanese state-run NNA news agency reported . READ MORE : Five things to know about Sharon U.S. President Barack Obama offered condolences to Sharon and the Israeli people . But his statement did not single out any milestones in the late prime minister 's life for praise besides noting that Sharon dedicated his life to Israel . "  We continue to strive for lasting peace and security for the people of Israel , including through our commitment to the goal of two states living side-by-side in peace and security , " Obama said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry offered a nuanced statement . "  During his years in politics , it is no secret that there were times the United States had differences with him . But whether you agreed or disagreed with his positions -- and Arik was always crystal clear about where he stood -- you admired the man who was determined to ensure the security and survival of the Jewish State . " To make Israel stronger , Sharon recognized that peace is necessary , Kerry said . Sharon was involved in every Israeli war dating to 1948 , and he was remembered as a fierce fighter . He believed strongly that in order for Israel to survive , a strong army was needed . He had a reputation as a hawk , but he moved in a more moderate direction as prime minister . The office of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon released a statement focusing on his shift toward negotiations with the Palestinians . Sharon "  will be remembered for his political courage and determination to carry through with the painful and historic decision to withdraw Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip . His successor faces the difficult challenge of realizing the aspirations of peace between the Israeli and Palestinian people , " the statement said . French President Francois Hollande offered his condolences , also emphasizing Sharon 's actions at the end of his career . "  After a long military and political career , he made the choice to turn towards dialogue with the Palestinians , " Hollande said in a statement . The reaction from Russian President Vladimir Putin was less specific and , overall , laudatory for Sharon 's contributions to Israel and toward fostering Israeli-Russian relations . "  The President of Russia highly praised Ariel Sharon 's personal qualities , his activity to uphold the interests of Israel , noting the respect he enjoyed among his compatriots and internationally , " the Kremlin said in a statement . Critics continued to evoke the 1982 war in Lebanon . "  It 's a shame that Sharon has gone to his grave without facing justice for his role in Sabra and Shatila and other abuses , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  His passing is another grim reminder that years of virtual impunity for rights abuses have done nothing to bring Israeli-Palestinian peace any closer . " Khaled Abu Al Noor , head of the Democratic Front , a Palestinian faction , described Sharon as "  a murderer . " "  He is responsible for the massacre of many Palestinian children , women and elderly . We call on the international community to try him under international law even after his death . " Sharon 's son , Gilad , thanked the people who cared for his father in the hospital and those who prayed for him . "  He was the one who decided when he would go , " Gilad said .	"  He was one of the giants , " one mourner says Memorial ceremony , procession and military funeral set for Monday Sharon is remembered for his controversial military and political career Israeli officials praise him , while some in the Mideast criticize him
CNN  -- If Muhammad Ali , Pele , Tiger Woods , Michael Schumacher and Michael Jordan are arguably the greatest proponents of their respective sports , Roger Federer made a compelling case for joining that pantheon of greats after securing a record-equaling seventh Wimbledon title on Sunday . At the age of 30 , considered a grand old age in tennis , he came from behind to leave Andy Murray -- an opponent five years his junior -- shattered and tearful after a gripping three and a half hours on Centre Court . It ended Federer 's two-and-a-half-year wait for a record-extending 17th grand slam title , and equaled his hero Pete Sampras ' seven successes at the All England Club . "  I believe Roger is the best player to have ever played the game , " American tennis coach Nick Bollettieri told CNN . "  When you look at groundstrokes and all parts of the game , there is not a weakness in Novak Djokovic 's technique , movement and recovery , " added Bollettieri , referring to Serbia 's 2012 Australian Open champion -- who Federer beat in Friday 's semifinals . "  But when you come down to who is the best player that can change , that can anticipate and come forward and do anything , then my vote goes to Roger Federer . " Federer 's latest victory ensured his return to the top of the world rankings , ending Djokovic 's 12-month reign , as well as matching Sampras ' record of 286 weeks at No. 1 . The Swiss is only the second player in the men 's game to have held the top ranking over the age of 30 , alongside Andre Agassi , who was one of the many leading players to attend Bollettieri 's academy in Florida . "  I believe Roger thinks in his mind he can win anything , " said Bollettieri , who also helped develop grand slam champions such as Jim Courier , Monica Seles , and Mary Pierce . "  With his game he can play for another two , three or four years and I sincerely believe he 's another two , three or four grand slam titles in him . " Much has been made of the impact Ivan Lendl has had on Murray since becoming his coach in December 2011 , but Bollettieri suggested Paul Annacone , who began working with Federer in August 2010 , also deserves credit for persuading the four-time Laureus World Sportsman of the Year to adopt a more aggressive approach . "  Paul wo n't give too much advice to Roger Federer , a little bit here and a little bit there , " said the 80-year-old . American . "  He has him coming in and he has him much looser on that backhand . "  Annacone has got him hitting the backhand very aggressively and there is a lot of rackethead exploration rather than just blocking the ball . "  Roger 's footwork is meticulous -- it reminds me of Ali . On Sunday he went around the ball a lot and when you do that you give up a lot of court space , so your success depends on your balance when hitting that shot as that is what operates the face of the racket . " While labeling Federer as "  beyond description , " Bollettieri stressed that Murray 's gritty performance in the Wimbledon final bodes well for the future . "  Even though he lost , there will be an inner feeling he gave it his all , " said Bollettieri , reflecting on the Scot 's fourth successive grand slam final defeat -- three of them against Federer . "  Lendl has brought tremendous focus and a few simple tips on strategy , but he has n't messed with his technique and all that crap . Murray 's movement and anticipation is as good as anyone 's in the game . " However if Murray is to win a grand slam , Bollettieri pointed to the hard-court surfaces of either the U.S. or Australian Opens as his best opportunity to break his duck . "  I do n't believe grass or clay is the best surface for him . He is so good , but if the bounce is even he can stand closer to the baseline , he can hit aggressive and he can come in . " Australian tennis coach Pete McCraw , who has also worked with Bollettieri , is equally encouraging about Murray 's future . "  The best is yet come for Andy , he is just entering the third phase of his career -- where he has the physical strength and emotional maturity , as well as the technical skills and experience , " said McCraw , who has worked extensively with stars such as Maria Sharapova and Jelena Jankovic . "  With the British team around him and Lendl 's wisdom , Andy is well positioned to make more grand slam finals in the future . The previous two finals were premature for Andy ; the sport was ready , but he was not . "  He is more mature emotionally . There are less outbursts and lapses in concentration . His game from outward appearances is the same , but his mind and emotions are not . "  As a result he is playing with more structure and patterns , using his strengths more often , whereas in the past he would rely on a wider array of shot against his opponents . " McCraw , who frequently travels to Britain to run coaching workshops , also argues that Murray 's achievement in reaching the Wimbledon final will have a spinoff for grassroots tennis in the UK . "  British tennis will benefit immensely . It validates the pathway and what 's possible for thousands of aspiring tennis players , and will be indelibly etched in their mind for years to come : ` If he can do it , so can I. ' "	Roger Federer 's win over Andy Murray equals Pete Sampras ' seven-title Wimbledon record The Swiss has won 17 grand slam titles -- the most in tennis history -- with Sampras next on 14 American tennis coach Nick Bollettieri believes Federer could still win as many as four more grand slams He says Andy Murray 's best chance of winning a grand slam is at the U.S. or Australian Opens
CNN  -- The issue of whether English should be a requirement for Puerto Rico to be considered for statehood lasted for a third day -- two days ahead of the U.S. territory 's Republican presidential primary -- and provided Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum with opportunities to take shots at each other . The back and forth began Wendesday , when Santorum said while campaigning in Puerto Rico that English should be the principal language in Puerto Rico before it could gain statehood . Puerto Rico will vote on a statehood referendum in November . Romney 's campaign issued a statement Thursday contrasting his position on the issue with Santorum 's . "  Puerto Rico currently recognizes both English and Spanish as the official languages of the commonwealth , " Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul said . "  Gov. Romney believes that English is the language of opportunity and supports efforts to expand English proficiency in Puerto Rico and across America . However , he would not , as a prerequisite for statehood , require that the people of Puerto Rico cease using Spanish . " But at CNN 's debate in Jacksonville , Florida , in January ahead of Florida 's primary , Romney said that English should be the nation 's official language . After arriving in Puerto Rico on Friday , Romney said he would have "  no preconditions " on language for Puerto Rico to gain statehood . Minutes later , Santorum deputy communications director Matt Beynon tweeted , "  So Romney once supported English as national language , then goes to Puerto Rico and says no language req on statehood . #FlipFlop ? #Pander ? " Santorum 's communications director , Hogan Gidley , noted broad support for English as the nation 's official language and said in an e-mail to reporters , "  How can Romney say he supports English as the official language of America and not believe Puerto Rico should speak English ? If he 'll spend the whole election being untruthful about his positions -- it makes you wonder what else he 's being untruthful about . " But Saul responded , "  Gov. Romney supports making English the official language of the United States government . This should have no impact on Puerto Rico 's statehood effort . English has been an official language of Puerto Rico for over 100 years . " Romney was also asked in Puerto Rico about his criticism of Puerto Rican Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor , which has roiled some Puerto Rican voters . "  In looking at Justice Sotomayor , my view was that her philosophy is quite different than my own , and that 's the reason why I would not support her as a justice for the Supreme Court , " Romney said . "  Had I been in the Senate -- I was not in the Senate -- I would be happy to have a justice of Puerto Rican descent or a Puerto Rican individual on the Supreme Court , but they would have to share my judicial philosophy . That comes first . " Santorum 's campaign announced Friday that it had brought in $ 1 million since its twin wins in Alabama and Mississippi on Tuesday . But then he was forced to address an off-message issue when asked about an undated post on his website that said the country is "  suffering a pandemic of harm from pornography , " including "  profound brain changes in both children and adults . " At an event in Illinois on Friday , Santorum said , "  I said that as a president , I would enforce the law , which is not being done now . " The post on Santorum 's campaign site criticizes the current administration , saying the Justice Department is failing to prosecute the law . "  The Obama Administration has turned a blind eye to those who wish to preserve our culture from the scourge of pornography and has refused to enforce obscenity laws , " the site said . "  While the Obama Department of Justice seems to favor pornographers over children and families , that will change under a Santorum Administration . " Santorum has been criticized by some Republicans from focusing too much on social issues when the economy is most on voters ' minds . The former Pennsylvania senator was campaigning in Illinois ahead of that state 's primary on Tuesday . Romney campaigned in the state on Friday morning before flying to Puerto Rico . Romney predicted victory in Illinois on Friday morning and focused more on President Barack Obama than his Republican opponents , hitting familiar themes , like gas prices . The Republican front-runner responded to Obama 's energy speech on Thursday , telling a crowd in Rosemont , "  He is out there pushing for alternative energy , and we are here pushing for an alternative to the president . We are going to get a new president . " Romney also responded to the 17-minute video that Obama 's campaign released Thursday night and offered director David Guggenheim some advice . "  I 'll give you some help , Mr. Guggenheim . You can make a call to some of the moms that are having a hard time paying for gas as they get their kids to and from school and practice and music lessons . You can also talk to people who are having a hard time getting to and from work , given the price of gasoline . " Romney is expected to win Puerto Rico 's primary , which will award its delegates proportionally . However , if any one candidate wins a majority , he would take all 20 delegates . Asked on CNN 's "  Starting Point " whether Santorum 's comments reflected a lack of understanding about Puerto Rico , the territory 's Republican Gov. Luis Fortuno , who has endorsed Romney , said , "  Gov. Romney has shown respect for exactly our heritage and our history , understands it better . That 's why I 'm supporting Gov. Romney , because he has shown respect towards our community . " Fortuno also said Romney 's economic and security message has resonated on the island . "  if we want to win the hearts and minds of Hispanic voters across America , you have to understand what Hispanic voters care about : We care about public safety , we care about location , we care about lowering taxes , on creating the proper conditions to create jobs . Mitt Romney has done that down here in Puerto Rico , " Fortuno said . Puerto Rico 's primary comes two days before the showdown in Illinois , where 66 delegates will be awarded proportionally and polls show a tight race between Romney and Santorum . Santorum 's campaign was re-energized after key primary victories in the South that raised questions about conservative rival Newt Gingrich 's viability as a candidate and portended a long battle with Romney . Romney , rejected again by Southern conservatives in the Tuesday primaries in Mississippi and Alabama , won caucuses in Hawaii and American Samoa to claim about a third of the total delegates available and maintain his delegate lead . However , Santorum 's twin primary triumphs -- while narrow -- reframed the GOP race as a one-on-one battle between the socially conservative former Pennsylvania senator and the more moderate Romney , with Gingrich 's chances fading fast . CNN 's latest delegate estimates show Romney with 498 delegates to Santorums 's 239 . Gingrich is 100 delegates behind Santorum , and Texas Rep. Ron Paul , the libertarian champion , won 69 delegates . The Alabama and Mississippi victories gave Santorum wins in 10 states , to Romney 's 18 . Gingrich won the South Carolina primary in January and last week in Georgia , which he represented in Congress for 20 years . Asked Friday whether he would end his campaign should his wealthiest backer , Sheldon Adelson , urge him to do so , Gingrich insisted that he would stick it out until the very end . "  I 'll be with you in Tampa , " Gingrich said on CBS 's "  This Morning , " referring to the site of the Republican National Convention in August . Adelson , a Nevada casino mogul known for his strong support for Israel , has donated millions in recent months to Winning Our Future , a pro-Gingrich super PAC . But the former House speaker argued Friday that he has more than 175,000 online donors to consider when making a decision about his presidential run . "  They want me to stay in the race , and I really represent their interest as individuals , " he said , adding that 95 % of them have given less than $ 250 . Asked Friday whether he thought Gingrich was hurting the Republican Party by staying in the race and shoring up delegates , Romney avoided making the case that his opponent should call it quits . "  Well , I do n't know , but he certainly has every right to carry his campaign as long as he feels it has a meaningful opportunity for him to become the nominee , and he cares very deeply about the country as I do , and I wish him well , " Romney said on Fox News . After the stop in Missouri , Santorum has two events in Illinois . He 's also getting help in the form of a $ 310,000 ad purchase in Illinois from the Red , White and Blue Fund , a super PAC that has been supportive of his candidacy . Romney is bringing in New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to campaign for him in the state Friday . Christie , who 's popular with Republicans across the country for his tough talk and tough actions in taking on Democrats in New Jersey , disappointed many in his party in October when he announced that he would not launch his own presidential bid . Instead , he endorsed Romney and has traveled to a number of primary and caucus states to stump for him . Santorum and Romney are expected to split the next few contests on the calendar . After Puerto Rico and Illinois , Santorum is expected to win in Louisiana a week from Saturday . Then the race turns north and east : The District of Columbia , Maryland and Wisconsin vote on April 3 , and Romney is the early favorite . But that 's three weeks away , and much has changed in such a span in the most volatile Republican race in generations . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Santorum campaign says Romney flip-flopping on English for Puerto Rican statehood Romney said in January debate that English should be country 's official language Santorum faces questions campaign post about "  pandemic of pornography " Gingrich reaffirms vow to stay in race all the way to convention
CNN  -- What do you see when you come across a big tire dump ? One company pulverizes old tires into fine grains to use in other products . An eyesore ? A nursery for mosquitoes ? Potential for a headline-grabbing , months-long tire fire ? Tony Cialone sees "  the nation 's newest raw material . " Cialone is founder of Lehigh Technologies , a Naples , Florida , company that pulverizes rubber from used tires and factory scrap into powder as fine as talc . The powder can be used in manufacturing products that would benefit from the durability of rubber , such as longer-lasting paint , UV-resistant plastics and more elastic sealants . "  What makes a tire so difficult to dispose of -- it does n't want to break down , it lasts forever ... it 's the same type of attributes we can bring to new products , " Cialone says . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reports that about a quarter of scrap tires are left in landfills each year . The rest are used as fuel , retreaded or recycled for other projects . The powder from Cialone 's business also can be used in manufacturing new tires . Lehigh Technologies Chief Financial Officer Patrick George says that the rising prices for oil-based synthetic rubber and natural rubber are an incentive for companies to re-use rubber . Several years ago , while working in the business of recycling newspapers , bottles and cans , Cialone was asked to find a use for unwanted tires . Cialone says he talked with potential customers of recycled rubber to determine what they would need . Ultrafine particles , in large volume , was the answer . So he ended up in Germany at a company that did precision-grinding of pharmaceuticals for time-release capsules . "  I walked in with my bag of rubber and they threw me out , " Cialone recalls . But they invited him back , ran the rubber through their process , and produced the powder Cialone was looking for . Cialone bought the company , and in 2006 put that process to work at a plant in suburban Atlanta . The process works like this : Lehigh brings in scrap rubber from tire manufacturers and rubber chips from tire recyclers who have already removed the steel and fiber . The rubber is sliced and diced , then frozen with liquid nitrogen to make it extremely brittle . Then it 's shaken , crushed , cut and ground to various fine sizes for various needs . Several companies are testing out the powder in their products . "  We have a variety of customers , everyone from customers who manufacture tires , to customers who manufacture automotive parts like wheel wells , or bumpers , or paints and coatings , companies that are making rubberized flat bed inner liners , to companies that are using it for paints for home use , or backing to carpet underlayment , " Cialone says . The plant can grind out up to 100 million pounds of powder per year . The company is planning to build an additional facility in 2008 . Pulverizing rubber is not new , says Mike Blumenthal , senior technical director for the Rubber Manufacturers Association , a trade group . But Lehigh is grinding the powder finer than other companies . "  Lehigh could have an impact if they are successful because they will open up new opportunities that up to now have not been available , " Blumenthal says .	About a quarter of scrap tires are left in landfills each year , according to the EPA One company is grounding old tires up into fine particles for use in other products The plant can grind out up to 100 million pounds of powder per year
CNN  -- Protesters staged fresh demonstrations in Saudi Arabia on Friday , calling on the government to release Shiite prisoners and grant more rights , human rights activists said . The protests , which were peaceful , also called for the withdrawal of regional forces from neighboring Bahrain , according to the activists , who requested their names not be used because they had concerns for their safety . All the protesters were Shiite . The protests took place in the city of Qatif and the village of Awamiyya , both in the country 's Eastern Province , and each the scene of similar protests in March . In Qatif , about 200 people marched through the streets , chanting for the release of the prisoners , the activists said . Some carried Bahraini flags in a 90-minute march that some said was in solidarity with Bahrainis . In Awamiyya , more than 150 Shiite men and women marched for the release of prisoners and for the withdrawal of Gulf Cooperation Council forces from Bahrain . As in Qatif , some protesters carried Bahraini flags . Several members of the council have sent troops to Bahrain to help Manama quell anti-government protests . The protesters in Awamiyya also called for human rights in a march that lasted just over an hour . In both places , security forces were present but did n't interfere , the activists said . CNN was unable to reach the Saudi Interior Ministry for comment . The issue of Shiite prisoners and a demand for more rights have been the focus of similar protests in Saudi Arabia in the past two months , although fewer demonstrations have taken place in recent weeks . Others have demonstrated for the creation of a constitutional monarchy and other reforms .	Demonstrators call for human rights and the release of Shiite prisoners They also call for the withdrawal of forces from Bahrain The protests are peaceful
CNN  -- A Georgia family whose daughter was killed is battling to get her 9-month-old child back from state custody in New York , where her estranged husband left the baby with relatives after her slaying . Corrissa Friends , 21 , was shot to death in her apartment in the Atlanta suburb of Riverdale , Georgia , on August 11 , according to police . Her husband , Wisdom Jeffrey , is wanted in connection with her death and is now a fugitive , Riverdale Police Chief Samuel Patterson said . Patterson said he believed Casey had been returned to the family by now . But Corey Friends , the slain woman 's uncle , told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that the girl , "  as far as I know , is in the state custody of New York . " "  We are currently trying as hard as possible to get Casey back in the custody of my family , " he said . He said the family had received an outpouring of support from friends in the Atlanta area , "  and hopefully we can catch this guy and draw some kind of closure to this crazy situation . " Patterson said Corrissa Friends had moved several times around the Atlanta area to get away from Jeffrey , and that police had been called to the apartment about a domestic dispute the day before the killing . Officers found no evidence of violence at the apartment , and Jeffrey was not arrested . But because Jeffrey 's name was not on the lease , they told him to leave at Friends ' request , Patterson said . Early the next morning , Patterson said , Jeffrey returned to the apartment and shot Corrissa three times with a shotgun -- twice from the front , once from behind . She was able to call 911 , but died before an ambulance arrived , the chief said . He said witnesses put Jeffrey at the apartment less than five minutes before the shooting , and police recovered the shotgun used in the killing at the scene . He said he expected Casey would be back with her maternal grandparents , but , "  The wheels of justice sometimes move a little slowly from our perspective . " "  It should have happened yesterday or the day before , " Patterson said .	Corrissa Friends was shot to death August 11 Her estranged husband is wanted in connection with the killing "  The wheels of justice sometimes move a little slowly , " police chief says
CNN  -- "  When I 'm riding , it is like flying . My feet do not touch the ground -- and the world and all the stresses that can come with being blind just disappear . " Verity Smith has known her share of hurt , heartache and adversity , but it has not stopped her pursuing her dreams . A singer/songwriter , she has starred in her own stage musical , written a book and campaigned for guide dog awareness -- but she 's most at home on a horse . "  It 's like floating . It 's magical , " the 40-year-old tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . Smith gradually lost her vision from the age of eight due to a rare genetic disorder , becoming registered as officially blind by 16 . "  It 's kind of like a big snowstorm in my eyes , " she explains . "  I see light and dark in my left eye and within that sometimes I see shadowy movement , but apart from that , not a lot . " While she is a published author and has her own record deal , there is one aim she has not fulfilled -- her goal of competing as a dressage rider at the highest level . "  My dream was the London 2012 Olympics -- to compete at home , in my own country , for my country . It would 've been my absolute dream but unfortunately we did n't go . " Rewind to 2011 . Life was going smoothly -- she was riding well , singing beautifully and heading for a place in Britain 's Paralympics team . But then Smith 's dreams began to unravel at an alarming rate . In June that year , her competition horse Marcus died of cancer before his replacement was diagnosed with "  kissing spine , " which meant it was unable to take part in elite competition . Worse was to come when her first guide dog was put to sleep . Smith 's nightmare 12 months continued when a car she was traveling in -- on the way to pick up her new dog from the vet -- was hit by a truck whose driver fell asleep at the wheel . Smith suffered impact injuries to her chest and her spine was put out of place . She escaped without any broken bones but the accident ended her hopes of taking part at London 2012 . "  I decided after that year of just horror , it was just an unlucky year , " Smith says philosophically . "  Lots of people have them but it seemed like everything came at the same time . "  I was very , very disappointed , very , very sad . It was the one time in my lifetime , the Olympics was going to be in London and it looked like being such a beautiful , beautiful event . " With her dreams crushed , Smith may have been forgiven for wanting a period of moping and introspection . Instead , she did what she does best -- she got back on the horse . Aided by a new guide dog , Uffa , a Labradoodle who she describes as the "  number one man in her life , " she began to regain her confidence . Slowly but surely after a year out of the saddle , she began to get her balance back , taking short rides every day . Once the confidence had returned , it was time to find a partner -- a new horse . Smith , who is now in France training with experienced coach Max Vendrell , describes the process as "  like speed dating but without the bell . " "  It was quite an experience , " she says . "  It 's like meeting your future husband . "  I was sitting on new horses in new environments , it 's quite difficult . " It was through a recommendation by a former trainer that Smith traveled to Sweden to meet the horse she would eventually fall in love with . "  This horse is really , really special , " was the thought racing through her mind as she sat on Szekit for the first time . "  He 's an absolute gentleman . If he were a man , I would marry him . " While both took their time to get used to each other , with Szekit  or "  Kit " as she calls him  slowly realizing his rider could not see , their progress has been immeasurable . "  He 's a really good guy and even the short time we 've been together , I 've really begun to trust him , " Smith says . "  I think he 's getting the sense that there is something wrong with that person -- she ca n't see , she does bump into me sometimes -- but he 's very accepting of that . "  I really believe that horses understand I can not see . They are very sensitive creatures . They 're just magic . " The two are now working together in a bid to qualify for the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio . Such an achievement would be astonishing given her accident -- but her determination to succeed in dressage is obvious to all who have met her . Having started riding at the age of three , Smith competed in show jumping until her mid-teens . "  When my eyesight got to the point that show jumping and eventing were becoming a dangerous sport , I decided to look for a really good dressage trainer that could take me on and start me from scratch , " she recalls . "  I 've never actually seen dressage being performed . When I could see , I was obviously very interested in all the things that involved speed and obstacles . " Dressage , which Smith describes as "  ballet with horses , " was originally used to train the animals during the Renaissance period . The "  piaffe " is a signature move where the horse jogs on the spot , while there are also the "  flying changes " -- where it skips on alternate legs . "  It is all about harnessing the horse 's energy and channeling it in different ways , and the control comes from your seat , " Smith explains . "  The horse has to be incredibly supple and incredibly strong . It 's all gentle movements -- you 're never going to get half a tonne of horse to do something by being strong . You have to ask them nicely . " At the Olympics and Paralympics , there are two controlled rounds , where competitors are marked out of 10 and awarded a percentage score , before showcasing their freestyle routine . Smith 's favorite music is swing , with the big band sound of Glenn Miller enough to get her "  In the Mood . " But while the swing will hopefully turn to samba in time for Rio , Smith says she still faces a real challenge to qualify for the British team . "  We are working as hard as we can , " she says . "  There 's a lot of good people out there wanting to be in the British team so our goal is to work as hard as I can and train as hard as I can . "  Although we did n't do London , hopefully with a bit of luck , we 'll earn our place on the team and we 'll fly to Rio . "	Verity Smith is a blind dressage rider She lost her sight by the age of 16 and registered blind Missed out on London 2012 following nightmare year Briton is aiming to compete at Rio 2016 Paralympic Games
CNN  Nigerians go to the polls Saturday to determine who will lead Africa 's most populous nation . The stakes are high in this election as the nation faces intensified attacks by extremist group Boko Haram . With security catapulting into a key issue , which candidate will voters trust to keep them safe ? As Nigeria decides , here 's what you need to know : Nigeria is home to about 173 million people and is considered a powerhouse in the region . Its stability is crucial to combating the growing risk of Islamist terrorists , who thrive on instability . As Boko Haram seeks to extend its tentacles with its recent pledge of allegiance to ISIS , Nigeria has teamed up with neighboring Chad and Cameroon in a counteroffensive against the terror group . And it appears to be working , with its military saying it has recaptured several key cities from the militants . The next leader will have to ensure the gains stay on track . As we have learned with ISIS in Iraq and Syria , any unaddressed local insurgency has the potential to spiral into an international problem . And let 's face it , the world does not need another failing state , especially one with such a massive population . Nigeria is also one of Africa 's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States . It hosts many international oil companies and workers . The key issues are power , security and the economy . But with the rise of Boko Haram , security has taken center stage . Just this year alone , the extremists have killed at least 1,000 civilians , Human Rights Watch says . One of the militants ' most brutal acts was the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls last April , a majority of whom are still missing . Boko Haram has become increasingly brazen , seizing towns in bloody attacks and declaring them Islamic caliphates . Militants have bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . Although the current government is "  having successes here and there " in its fight against Boko Haram , it 's not winning the war against the terror group , says Ayo Johnson , a documentary filmmaker and analyst on African affairs . And despite recapturing some key towns from militants , he says , the government 's big picture on security is still hazy . "  This elections will come down to who can protect Nigeria , " Johnson says . "  Who can make Nigerians feel safe . " Nigeria overtook South Africa as the region 's largest economy last year . The government has made tremendous gains on the economy , Johnson says , but those gains have been buried under the constant threat of Boko Haram . But many complain that the country 's vast wealth from oil exports does not trickle down to the average citizen . As many as 70 % of Nigerians live below the poverty line and survive on less than a dollar a day , according to the CIA World Factbook . Nigeria is under economic pressure because of falling crude oil prices worldwide and a weakened currency . Corruption has been a hindrance to building a stable economy despite years of democracy , analysts say . There are 14 candidates on the ballot , but the race is more of a rematch between the current president and a former military ruler . The two faced off in the last election in 2011 . President Goodluck Jonathan : Jonathan rode a wave of popularity in 2011 . At the time , he portrayed himself as a man of the people . During campaigns , he talked about growing up without shoes , a message that resonated with average Nigerians . But in recent years , his popularity has plummeted , with Nigerians saying he has not delivered on his promises for change . Key officials have defected from his ruling People 's Democratic Party to the newly formed All Progressives Congress . Muhammadu Buhari : The retired general has unsuccessfully run for election three times . Buhari ruled Nigeria in the 1980s following a military coup and was known for his tough regime , which some say was marked by human rights abuses . But he has pledged to make fighting graft and insecurity a priority if he wins , which might appeal to those who 've run out of patience with the current government . His military rule background could be a plus or a minus . "  Many Nigerians will not forget he was a military leader , during a dictatorship , " Johnson says . "  Or maybe they will feel that they need a military leader to address fundamental problems such as terrorism . " The election was originally scheduled for February 14 , but was delayed for six weeks . In addition to the presidential elections , Nigerians will elect governors in 36 states . Like their U.S. counterparts , the nation 's governors have a lot of clout . Not only do they set priorities for federal funds , they are also responsible for security in their states and are thus the first line of defense against extremists , especially in the North , where militants have free rein . In populated cities such as Lagos , governors manage economies larger than those of some African countries . To avoid a runoff , a candidate must get more than 50 % of the vote and at least a quarter in two-thirds of the states . If no candidate wins , a runoff election will be held seven days later . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	The election was delayed for six weeks It comes as the nation battles extremist group Boko Haram
CNN  -- An Australian judge ruled Tuesday that the band Men at Work must pay 5 percent of royalities from their 1980s hit "  Down Under " for plagiarizing a popular nursery rhyme about a Kookaburra written in 1932 . In February , Federal Court judge Peter Jacobsen found that the flute riff in "  Down Under " did mimic the Kookaburra song . "  I would emphasise that the findings I have made do not amount to a finding that the flute riff is a substantial part of Down Under or that it is the ` hook ' of that song , " he said at the time . "  Down Under " was composed and performed by Men at Work founding member Colin Hay in 1978 . Greg Ham added the flute riff after he joined the band in mid-1979 . According to court documents , Ham added the riff to the song to inject some "  Australian flavor . " He admitted he had heard the song while growing up in the country in the late 1950s and was "  pretty sure " that Kookaburra was in his school 's song book . The song was written in 1932 by teacher Marion Sinclair , and Australian music group Larrikin Publishing bought the copyright to it in 1990 after Sinclair 's death in 1988 . It was n't until a quiz show in 2007 that Larrikin Managing Director Norman Lurie became aware of the songs ' similarities and the potential for a law suit . Jacobsen found that Ham deliberately included the bars from Kookaburra into the flute line , but accepted that Colin Hay did n't realize it was from the nursery rhyme until early in the last decade . Larrikin had sought 40 to 60 percent of the royalties earned by "  Down Under " in Australia since May 20 , 2002 , the limit imposed under Australian law . The ruling says it would make sense for the ruling to apply to future royalty payments . "  I consider the figures put forward by Larrikin to be excessive , overreaching and unrealistic , " Jacobsen said in Tuesday 's ruling . "  It 's just really a pity that Marion Sinclair , the lady who wrote it , did n't participate in income from the song when the song was at its height in the early 80s , " Larrikin 's lawyer Adam Simpson said in February . At the time , Simpson said the company did not plan to sue overseas for royalties earned by the song outside Australia . "  To be honest , such things are theoretically possible but we 're keeping it simple , " he said . Experts say the amount of damages payable will be limited by the judge 's finding that riff did not amount to the "  hook " of the song . "  There 's a lot more to ` Down Under ' than that flute melody . It 's not the main melody and not the main hook and I suppose that in the end will mean that it will be a minor share of the royalties that this publisher can claim now , " said Daniel Mullensiefen , co-director of the masters program in Music , Mind and Brain at Goldsmiths University in London . The shorter , more popular version of "  Down Under " was released in 1981 in Australia on the band 's hugely successful "  Business as Usual " album . By January 1983 , the single had topped the music charts in Australia , the U.S. , Britain , Canada and several European countries . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	Nursery rhyme riff worth 5 percent of "  Down Under " royalties "  Kookaburra " is a popular nursery rhyme in Australia Australian music group bought rights to song in 1990 "  Down Under " reached No. 1 in Australia , the U.S. , Britain and Canada
CNN  -- Real Madrid made sure the lights did n't go out on its title challenge as it sparked into life with a 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano . Karim Benzema 's 13th minute strike lit the fuse for Real before Cristiano Ronaldo 's second-half penalty sealed the win . Real 's margin of victory could have and should have been greater , but Ronaldo somehow contrived to miss from six-yards with the goal at his mercy . Rayo had their chances , particularly in the first-half through Andrija Delibasic and Mikel Labaka , but they were unable to find a way past the Real defence . Rayo 's misery was compounded in stoppage time when Jose Manuel Casado was sent off after picking up a second yellow card . Ronaldo 's strike means he has now scored 152 goals in 152 appearances for the club in total and 41 in 40 matches for Real in 2012 . With just one league victory to its name before kick off , Real could not afford to slip any further behind arch-rivals Barcelona . Late goals preserve Barcelona 's perfect start to La Liga season The Catalan side sat 11 points clear of Real after winning all five of their league games following its weekend victory over Granada . But Real moved up to seventh and to within eight points of Tito Vilanova 's side following this win . After the drama of Sunday night where the game was postponed amid a suspected act of sabotage on the power supply at Estadio de Vallecas , Real wasted little time in asserting its authority . Football : Real Madrid game canceled Angel Di Maria latched onto Ronaldo 's pass on the left before crossing for Benzema to fire home from close-range . New signing Luka Modric should have doubled Real 's lead 11 minutes later but he shot straight at the goalkeeper after finding space inside the penalty area . While Real looked dangerous in attack , it remained suspect in defense and only a wonderful save by Iker Casillas denied Delibasic an equaliser . The Rayo striker looked certain to score from close-range only for Casillas to block and Mikel Labaka 's follow-up to be cleared off the line . The visitors continued to dominate after the break and Benzema wrongly had goal ruled out after the referee inexplicably brought play back for a foul to Real instead of playing the advantage . That decision could have proved costly for Mourinho 's men , but Jose Carlos ' strike sailed inches over the crossbar with Casillas beaten . Real finally got the second goal it had been craving 20 minutes from time when Jordi Amrat handled inside the penalty area and Ronaldo stroked home from the spot . The Portugal star should have wrapped the game up late on after being teed up by Gonzalo Higuain , but he somehow managed to hit the post with the open goal gaping . There was still time for Casado to see red for Rayo as the home side 's frustration boiled over following a difficult night . Elsewhere , Sevilla claimed a 2-0 victory away at Deportivo La Coruna . Alvaro Negredo and Ivan Rakitic scored in the second-half to help Sevilla extend their unbeaten run to five games in the league and move to within four points of the leaders .	Real Madrid claim 2-0 victory at Rayo Vallecano Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo both on target Jose Mourinho 's side eight points adrift of leaders Barcelona Sevilla remain unbeaten after 2-0 win at Deportivo La Coruna
London  CNN  -- Margaret Thatcher was "  an extraordinary leader and an extraordinary woman , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said in a special session of Parliament Wednesday . He led tributes to Britain 's only female prime minister two days after her death at age 87 from a stroke . Meanwhile , Thatcher 's son Mark said that although his mother had been "  blessed with a long life and a very full one , " the family 's loss is still difficult to bear . The family is "  enormously proud " and grateful that Queen Elizabeth II will attend her funeral next week , he said . The lawmakers have been called back early from recess for the special parliamentary session to honor Margaret Thatcher 's memory . Thatcher led the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990 and was prime minister for 11 years . Cameron told lawmakers it is important not to underestimate the "  thickness of the glass ceiling " she faced at that time . Her achievement in breaking through it to become a member of Parliament , then a minister and then prime minister was remarkable , he said . He also praised her leadership in the Falklands War in 1982 , when Britain repelled an Argentinian invasion of the disputed Falkland Islands , also known as the Malvinas . While prime minister , Thatcher lived under "  direct personal threat " from the Irish Republican Army , Cameron added . He paid tribute to her courage as he recalled that she lost two parliamentary colleagues to IRA terrorism , and was "  inches away from death " in a 1984 IRA bomb attack on a Brighton hotel where lawmakers were staying during a Conservative Party conference . The funeral with military honors planned for next Wednesday will be a "  fitting " tribute , Cameron said . "  She made the political weather , she made history , and let this be her epitaph : She made Britain great again , " he concluded . Praise and criticism from the opposition Ed Miliband , leader of the opposition Labour Party , paid tribute to Margaret Thatcher 's achievements but at the same time pointed out he disagreed with many of her decisions . "  Whatever your view of her , Margaret Thatcher was a unique and towering figure , " he said , and a "  prime minister who defined her age . " She was right to see that the British economy needed to change , to encourage aspiration and to defend the Falkland Islands when Argentina invaded , he said . But it would be dishonest not to say that she was wrong on other things , he said . These include calling Nelson Mandela 's African National Congress a terrorist organization , passing legislation that made it illegal to "  promote " homosexuality in schools , and her treatment of Britain 's coal miners when she took on the trades unions . Many in mining communities felt "  angry and abandoned , " he said . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , of the Liberal Democrat party , kept his remarks brief -- pointing out that Thatcher 's legacy still provokes strong feelings in many people in his northern England constituency . But whatever your views of her policies , he said , "  it 's impossible to deny the indelible imprint Margaret Thatcher made both on the nation and the wider world . " She was a towering figure "  not as written in the history books but still in the prime of her political life , " he said . The comments from those outside her party reflect the fact that Thatcher was a highly polarizing leader , whose influence on British politics is still felt more than 20 years after she left office . There were noticeably more empty seats on the opposition side of the chamber in the House of Commons . But many on both sides of the house laughed , sometimes fondly and sometimes ruefully , as lawmakers recounted anecdotes about their own interactions with Thatcher . She earned the nickname "  the Iron Lady " for her personal and political toughness in office . The session in the House of Commons is expected to last several hours . The House of Lords , where Thatcher served after she was ennobled to Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven following her departure from office , is also holding a session in her honor . Former Conservative leader Michael Howard , now Lord Howard , defended her approach to decision-making , seen by many as divisive . "  If she had waited for consensus , nothing would ever have happened , " he said . "  She saw what needed to be done and she did it , with clarity , with courage and with compassion . " Very few people have made a contribution to the nation on the scale of that of Thatcher , he said , and "  the light of her legacy will shine as a beacon down the generations . " Lord Norman Tebbit , a former chairman of the Conservative Party and a Cabinet minister under Thatcher , recalled her kindness to him and his wife after they were badly injured in the Brighton bombing . Working for her was made easier by the firmness of her convictions , he added . The last time both houses of Parliament were recalled during a recess was in summer 2011 , when London and other cities were rocked by riots and looting . Divided opinion A towering figure in postwar British and global politics , Thatcher is remembered in the world for her Cold War-era friendships with U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , as well as her role in shaping Britain 's place in Europe and the short , sharp war she waged with Argentina over the disputed Falkland Islands . At home , she divides opinion . Many Britons blame her for creating soaring unemployment , when she reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to business and took on the unions . Her battle with striking coal miners won her few friends in mining communities in northern England and Wales . But supporters believe the tough reforms she pushed through transformed the British economy and gave many working people new freedoms . Preparations are already under way for a funeral to be held next Wednesday at St. Paul 's Cathedral . With full military honors , it will rival those given to Diana , Princess of Wales and the Queen Mother . The queen , accompanied by husband Prince Philip , will be among the high-profile guests . What do you think about the loss of Britain 's ` Iron lady ' ? Tell us However , Prince William and his wife , Catherine , who 's expecting their first child , will not attend the funeral , nor will Prince Harry , Prince Charles or his wife , Camilla , Buckingham Palace said . The announcement that Thatcher would receive a "  ceremonial " style funeral , one step down from the state funeral usually reserved for the monarch , has prompted heated debate in the United Kingdom . While some supporters want her to be given a state funeral , others have questioned whether she merits a send-off on par with that of Diana 's . Opinion : Why Thatcher was the ` Iron Lady ' The service , which will be televised , will be followed by a private cremation , Cameron 's office said Tuesday . Crowds are expected to line the streets between the Palace of Westminster -- where her coffin will lie on the eve of the funeral -- and St. Paul 's Cathedral . On the day of the funeral , the coffin will travel by hearse from Westminster to a Royal Air Force chapel , where it will be transferred to a gun carriage drawn by the King 's Troop Royal Artillery . From there , it will be taken in procession to St. Paul 's Cathedral along a route lined by servicemen and women from the army , Royal Navy and Royal Air Force . Thatcher 's family and friends will wait inside the cathedral with many who worked with her in government and elsewhere . The funeral is being organized in line with the wishes of her family , Downing Street said . They include her twin children , Mark and Carol . World reaction : Tributes paid to ` great leader , great Briton ' Thatcher	NEW : Margaret Thatcher 's son says she "  was blessed with a long life and a very full one " Ed Miliband points to Thatcher 's mistakes but also notes her achievements Cameron says Thatcher was "  an extraordinary leader and an extraordinary woman " "  It 's impossible to deny the indelible imprint Margaret Thatcher made , " says Nick Clegg
CNN  -- Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter met Sunday in Damascus , Syria , with Khaled Meshaal , the exiled leader of Hamas ' political wing , a Hamas official said . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , left , walks with Jimmy Carter north of Damascus on Sunday , December 14 . The five-hour meeting ended late Sunday and covered several issues , including Cpl. Gilad Shalit -- an Israeli soldier held captive by Hamas since June 2006 , the official said . Carter previously met with Meshaal in April . In that meeting , the Hamas leader promised Carter that the group would allow Shalit to send a message to his parents , Noam and Aviva . Carter also asked Hamas to release Shalit , Meshaal said after the former president 's visit , but the request was rejected . Watch report on Carter 's meeting " Hamas said Sunday it will soon release a statement about the latest meeting between Carter and Meshaal . Carter 's series of meetings with top Hamas officials in April garnered condemnation from the U.S. and Israeli governments . They criticized him for engaging in diplomacy with a group that both governments consider a terrorist organization . How the incoming Obama administration will receive Carter 's meetings with Hamas remains to be seen . During his visit in Syria , Carter also visited the Saint Taqla convent in the city of Maalula , north of Damascus , with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . CNN 's Cal Perry contributed to this report in Beirut , Lebanon .	Hamas says five-hour meeting ends late Sunday in Damascus , Syria 's capital Carter 's appeal for release of Israeli solider captured in 2006 is rejected U.S. , Israeli governments criticized previous meetings between Carter , Hamas
CNN  -- A Nevada man was found guilty Thursday of raping and strangling a 19-year-old student in a string of attacks that rattled the university community in Reno two years ago . A Washoe County , Nevada , jury convicted James Michael Biela , 28 , of first-degree murder and sexual assault in the death of Brianna Denison . He was also convicted of two counts of sexual assault for attacks on two other women . He was also convicted of one count of kidnapping related to one of those attacks . The father and former construction worker faces the death penalty . Denison , a sophomore at Santa Barbara City College in California , was last seen alive on her friend 's couch on January 20 , 2008 . Three weeks later , her body was found in a field near her friend 's home . She had been sexually assaulted and strangled . A pair of panties that did not belong to Denison were found near the body , in what police said was a "  calling card " that helped them connect Biela not only to Denison , but also to the other assaults . From the witness stand in Biela 's capital murder trial , one of the women recounted how she was attacked on the University of Nevada-Reno campus . She said her assailant threatened her with a gun , raped her and took her panties as a souvenir . The defense challenged the identification because she earlier told a friend she could not describe her attacker to police . The second woman , a student at the university , testified she was abducted outside her apartment and driven to a dark area and raped in the attacker 's vehicle . The woman testified that her assailant asked for her panties and took them with him . The trial began with emotional testimony from Denison 's mother , her boyfriend , and a video showing her with friends at a diner just a few hours before she was abducted . Denison was visiting friends in her hometown of Reno . After they attended a concert , she slept on the living room couch in a friend 's off-campus apartment . While she slept , someone crept into the apartment and snatched her , police and prosecutors said . Her case triggered a flurry of national media coverage and thousands of tips , including the one that led to Biela 's arrest . Police released a photo of the panties near Denison 's body and a description of the pickup truck . A friend of Biela 's girlfriend saw the photo of the panties , and thought she recognized the truck police described . She told investigators a friend 's boyfriend had a truck similar to the description , and that her friend had seen women 's panties inside it . Detectives immediately followed up on the tip and , with permission from the girlfriend , took DNA samples from Biela 's 4-year-old son . Lab tests showed that the boy 's father -- Biela -- was almost certainly a match for the DNA found on the doorknob and at the crime scene , police said . DNA obtained from the other victim 's rape kit matched Biela 's , according to testimony . Biela 's defense attorneys challenged the DNA testing method , claiming it was not accurate . CNN 's Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	James Biela convicted in rape , murder of Brianna Denison , attacks on two women Biela , 28 , faces the death penalty ; an anonymous tip led to his arrest Biela took his victims ' underwear , left a pair of panties near Denison 's body
CNN  -- Amnesty International is demanding the United States stop allowing the export of arms and riot-control material to Egypt , where security forces have cracked down on protests . "  U.S. arms shipments to Egypt 's security forces must be stopped until there is certainty that tear gas and other munitions , weaponry or other equipment are n't linked to bloodshed on Egyptian streets , " Amnesty 's Brian Wood , who monitors conventional weapons and arms control , said Wednesday . An American company shipped supplies that feature chemical irritants and riot control agents , Amnesty International said in its statement , with arrival on November 26 . The organization said another shipment in August had the "  product code of bullets , cartridges and shells , but the latter was also described as ` ammunition smoke , ' " which Amnesty said includes tear gas . It cited three shipments since the revolution that toppled President Hosni Mubarak in February . Amnesty called on Egyptian security forces , including riot police , to be trained in the use of force and firearms . Mark Toner , State Department deputy spokesman , told reporters Wednesday , "  We 've condemned the use of excessive force against protesters during the recent period of civil unrest in Cairo . We do take allegations of misuse of tear gas very seriously . " He said an ongoing export license has recently expired , but a shipment of tear gas was delivered to Egypt last week . "  But beyond that , there are no additional shipments that we 're aware of and no additional licenses that we 're aware of . " The department is monitoring the security situation in Egypt , Toner said . Protesters have been upset at the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which has ruled Egypt since Mubarak was forced from office . On the front lines of a street battle in Cairo in late November , protesters took turns hurling stones at helmeted riot police . Every few minutes , the police fired canisters of tear gas back at the demonstrators . As journalists walked through the melee , demonstrators ran up wielding spent shotgun shells and tear gas canisters . One of the tear gas canisters had markings clearly identifying it as having been manufactured in Jamestown , Pennsylvania . "  Made in USA , made in USA , " several of the young men yelled . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Rights group wants to ensure the material is not linked to "  bloodshed " in Egypt Political protests , clashes with security forces have continued in Egypt The U.S. State Department says it is aware of no current export licenses
CNN  -- The Ebola crisis caused by the deadly virus sweeping through West Africa has forced the International Olympic Committee to ban three athletes from the region competing at the Youth Games in Nanjing , China . The IOC says those from arriving in China from the affected areas will not be allowed to compete in combat sports or swimming , over concerns the virus could be transmitted during events . According to the World Health Organization , 1,069 people have died from Ebola with the majority of the deaths occurring in Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea . "  We regret that due to this issue some young athletes may have suffered twice , both from the anguish caused by the outbreak in their home countries and by not being able to compete in the Youth Olympic Games , " read the IOC statement made in partnership with the Nanjing Youth Olympic Games Organizing Committee . "  The IOC and Organizing Committee will therefore offer to each of the National Olympic Committees affected , if they wish , that their national flag will be brought into the stadium at the opening ceremony and will be hoisted at the venues . "  The athletes who have not been able to participate will also receive in the near future an invitation from the IOC and the organizing committee to come to Nanjing to take part in a sporting competition and to experience the welcoming atmosphere and spirit of the city and Jiangsu province . " The IOC has also confirmed that other athletes from West Africa competing in events away from the swimming and combat sports will be subjected to regular physical examinations and temperature checks . The games , which take place between August 16-28 was first held in 2010 and will attract just under 700 athletes in this year 's edition .	The Youth Olympic Games are taking place in Nanjing , China Around 700 athletes are attending the Games which starts Saturday International Olympic Committee takes action over Ebola threat Three athletes banned over virus concerns
Mashable  -- Now that Google Drive is finally a reality , how does it stack up against the cloud competition ? Google 's new cloud-based document and storage solution is priced aggressively and boasts best-in-class integration with other Google services -- including Google Docs . As you can see from our hands-on , Google Drive is an impressive product . Still , the cloud storage and collaboration space is more competitive than ever before . Google faces competition not just from cloud companies such as Box and Dropbox , but from Apple , Microsoft and Amazon as well . Storage and Pricing Google is pricing Google Drive at a VERY aggressive level . For $ 30 a year  $ 2.50 a month  , users get 25GB to use for Google Drive and Picasa , plus 25GB of Gmail storage . This is more than what Amazon and Microsoft charge for an additional 20GB , but less than the price of Dropbox , Apple and Box.net . For $ 60 a year  $ 5 a month  , Google offers 100GB of Drive and Picasa storage  plus 25GB for Gmail  , which clocks in below Amazon , Apple , Dropbox and Box.net . For penny pinchers , Microsoft 's offer of 100GB of additional storage -- on top of the 7 or 25GB that users already get with the service -- is just $ 50 a year . Dropbox and Box are among the more expensive services . In the case of Box , the company 's real focus is on business users . In fact , the company has told us on multiple occasions that its focus is n't so much on Dropbox , but on Microsoft SharePoint . A 100GB Dropbox account costs more than three times what a Google Drive account costs . In this area , Google is clearly trying to undermine its competition on a per-GB pricing basis . Box 's pricing is also significantly higher than Google Drive ; however , that differentiation is also part of the company 's focus . As Box has told us on multiple occasions , it wants to replace Microsoft SharePoint in the SMB and Enterprise space . While Google is also looking in this direction , Box has a bevy of services and integrations that are focused on replacing a company 's central file server . Upload Limit The most limiting factor of the majority of cloud storage and collaboration services is n't the total amount of storage -- it 's the limitations on upload size . Google has an impressive 10GB limit on files or folders . This is significantly more than the 2GB limit imposed by most cloud services . Only Dropbox 's desktop apps for Mac , Windows and Linux do better . With Dropbox , the only limitation is the size of a storage plan . Collaboration and Sharing Like Microsoft 's SkyDrive and Box , Google Drive offers in-browser access to files and folders , including document editing via Google Docs . And like SkyDrive , Box and iCloud , third-party applications can plug into Google Drive to retrieve or store files . This makes keeping apps synchronized across devices and platforms much more seamless . Mobile Integration Although Google Drive 's Android app is already around , Google is making iOS users wait for access to the app . This is in contrast to Dropbox , Box and SkyDrive , which all offer official or unofficial solutions for multiple mobile platforms . Amazon and Apple are behind in the mobile access game . Apple makes iCloud exclusively available to iOS 5 users , and Amazon 's Cloud Drive only integrates with Android  and the integration is limited at that  . Desktop Integration Part of the reason that Dropbox has such a loyal following is because of its fantastic Desktop integration . Mac , Windows and Linux users can automatically sync and share files from their native file systems without having to bother with desktop uploads . This is a similar approach to the one Box has taken with its Box Sync service for Windows , and to what Microsoft employs for SkyDrive for Windows and Mac . Google Drive 's desktop app works essentially the same as SkyDrive -- in other words , it is n't as tightly coupled with the file system as Dropbox , but it does the job . Final Thoughts Which cloud storage service an individual or business decides to use is a decision that should encompass more than just comparing specs and pricing . Take time to use a service and see how it integrates into your workflow before plunking down cash on an upgrade . For users and businesses heavily tied to Google Docs , Google Drive will likely make sense . For those that love Dropbox or need some of Box 's more robust features , Google Drive might not fit the bill . For Microsoft Office users , consider giving Microsoft SkyDrive a try -- it works well and also offers online access to basic web and editing apps . Ultimately , neither offering from Apple nor Amazon is likely to compete with Google Drive -- the products are focused on different use cases . We 'd also like to give Canonical 's Ubuntu One a shout-out . We did n't include it in our direct comparison because of its more limited options , but for Windows and Ubuntu users , its free service is worth a look as well . Tell us your thoughts on the cloud storage and collaboration space . Does Google Drive have the goods to compete ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	For $ 30 a year  $ 2.50 a month  , users get 25GB to use for Google Drive and Picasa Google Drive offers in-browser access to files and folders , including document editing Ultimately , neither offering from Apple nor Amazon is likely to compete with Google Drive
CNN  -- An extra time goal from Brazilian midfielder Jadson ensured Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk won the last ever UEFA Cup final with a 2-1 victory over Bundesliga side Werder Bremen in Istanbul . Jadson celebrates his winning goal as Shakhtar Donetsk became the final team to lift the UEFA Cup . Jadson 's strike from 15 yards out lacked pace , but Werder goalkeeper Tim Wiese failed to save the shot and it slipped through his grasp to trickle over the line . However , there was to be drama in the final minyte of extra time when Werder striker Claudio Pizarro thought he had taken the final into a penalty shoot-out , but the goal was ruled out after the on-loan Chelsea forward was adjudged to have tugged back defender Dmytro Chygrynskiy before nudging the ball home . The victory means Mircea Lucescu 's side become the first team from Ukraine to lift a major European trophy and gives eastern Europe a third UEFA Cup in five years after recent successes for Russian sides CSKA Moscow and Zenit St Petersburg . Next season the competition is being rebranded and renamed to become the Europa League . Shakhtar were always the classier of the two sides and they should have gone ahead in the fifth minute when Luiz Adriano was allowed the time and space to turn on the edge of the box , but he fired just wide with the goal gaping . He was almost made to pay a minute later as Shakhtar failed to clear Sebastian Boenisch 's long throw but Frank Baumann miscued his effort . However , Adriano made amends for his earlier miss in the 24th-minute when he seized on a through-ball that had wrong-footed the Bremen defence and lifting a superb chip over the onrushing Wiese . Moments after his goal , Luiz Adriano found himself on the corner of the box again but lashed the ball over the bar , and his compatriot Willian then broke purposefully into the box , only to produce a tame finish straight at Wiese . But just as Shakhtar were threatening to extend their advantage , Bremen hit back through their own Brazilian , Naldo . The defender stepped up to take a 34th-minute free-kick , striking it so hard that goalkeeper Andrei Pyatov could only help it on its way into the net . At the other end , Wiese looked more assured in denying Mariusz Lewandowski 's powerful strike and the teams went in level at the end of an absorbing first half . Wiese was back in action soon after the restart , doing well to punch away Darijo Srna 's free-kick from the right and Jadson 's strike from the left . With the game petering out extra-time looked increasingly likely and once it got under way , it was almost inevitable that it would be an error that would finally settle the issue . Less predictable was that Wiese would be the culprit , horribly misjudging Jadson 's soft shot from 12 yards and undoing all his good work through the night by letting it bobble past him into the net .	Shakhtar Donetsk beat Werder Bremen 2-1 to win UEFA Cup final in Istanbul Brazilian Jadson scores the winning goal early in the first period of extra time The win means Shakhtar become first Ukrainian side to claim European trophy
New Delhi  CNN  -- The leaders of five of the world 's top emerging economies moved closer Thursday toward establishing a development bank that could one day serve as an alternative to the World Bank . The leaders of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa -- collectively known as the BRICS -- "  agreed to examine in greater detail a proposal to set up a BRICS-led South-South Development Bank , funded and managed by the BRICS and other developing countries , " said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India . The leaders were meeting in New Delhi on Thursday for their fourth annual summit . Finance ministers from the five countries have been directed to look into the idea of the development bank and report back at the next summit , Singh said . The leaders also asked the International Monetary Fund to speed up changes in its governance to better represent the developing world as a voting bloc . "  The rapid recovery of the BRICS economies from the financial crisis highlighted their role as growth drivers of the global economy , " Singh said . Together , the BRICS nations make up more than 40 % of the world population and one-fifth of the global economy . The group called for peaceful resolutions of the Syria and Iranian crises . "  We agreed that a lasting solution to the problems in Syria and Iran can only be found through dialogue , " Singh said . Besides the IMF , the leaders also urged reforms of the United Nations and other international bodies for a larger voice for the developing world . "  Institutions of global political and economic governance created more than six decades ago have not kept pace with the changing world . While some progress has been made in international financial institutions , there is lack of movement on the political side , " Singh said . "  BRICS should speak with one voice on important issues such as the reform of the UN Security Council . "	The leaders of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa hold talks Thursday They agree to study the idea of setting up their own development bank The leaders also call for reform on the International Monetary Fund They say the problems in Syria and Iran can only solved through dialogue
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China ranks second only to the United States in the number of billionaires , according to an annual report of the 1,000 richest people in the country . The Hurun Rich List counted 130 billionaires in China this year , up from 101 a year ago and none in 2003 . An additional 825,000 people had personal wealth of more than $ 1.5 million , said Rupert Hoogewerf , an accountant who has compiled the list since 1998 . "  You can double the real number of billionaires in China to 260 , " said Hoogewerf in a statement . "  There are still a large number of billionaires off the radar screens . " Often , wealthy people in China try to avoid the scrutiny of tax authorities by keeping their finances private . The man who topped the list last year , for example , is under arrest for alleged financial irregularities . The most prominent dropout from the list is injured Houston Rockets basketball player Yao Ming , whose fortune was valued at $ 100 million last year . The list indicates that China 's wealthy have been buffered from the global financial meltdown , which has tycoons in other countries reeling . A separate list , released in June by Capgemeni SA and Merrill Lynch Wealth Management , found that China 's economy grew by 9 percent last year , even as the United States and Europe slipped into recession . That list found that the combined riches of China 's millionaires surpassed that of the United Kingdom 's . Most business owners who made the Hurun list -- both as billionaires and millionaires -- made their fortune in real estate and related industries as China has undergone dizzying urbanization . The construction ministry estimates that the country 's urban population will increase by 300 million people by 2025 . Few of those making the list relied on exports to Western economies . But the richest man in China this year , Wang Chuanfu , jumped 102 places to the top after billionaire U.S. investor Warren Buffett agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in his company . Buffett 's announcement sent shares in Wang 's company , BYD , surging 387 percent this year . The company initially made its name with rechargeable cell phone batteries , but this year launched mass production of a plug-in hybrid electric car . Other highlights from the list : • Less than 1 percent on the list inherited their wealth , compared with 25 percent in the United Kingdom and 35 percent in the United States . • The typical rich list member is a 50-year-old self-made man who started out 16 years ago and has made his money from property development . • 102 women were among China 's 1,000 richest . Chinese women make up more than half the world 's richest self-made women . • The top three hobbies of wealthy Chinese are travel , swimming and golf . The United States , Australia and France are their preferred destinations . Though the list mentions China as second to the United States in the number of billionaires , it did not specify how many the latter produced . A Forbes magazine tally of the world 's richest people , released in March , counted 359 billionaires in America .	Number of billionaires in China grows to 130 , according to report Actual number of billionaires may be up to 260 , according to man who compiles list Wealthy in China hard to track because they want to avoid government scrutiny Most who made list made fortunes due to real estate , similar ventures
CNN  -- Security has been heightened at Sweden 's nuclear power plants after explosives were discovered on a vehicle entering a protected nuclear site , authorities said Thursday . The truck was stopped at the Ringhals nuclear power plant on Wednesday afternoon , the Swedish Radiation Safety Authority said . The suspicious material was discovered before the vehicle had entered the protected area , it said . Police are now investigating suspected sabotage , said the plant 's owner , Vattenfall . The "  explosive paste " was uncovered by sniffer dogs during a routine security check , the company said in a statement . "  The discovered object could not have induced a serious damage at Ringhals , " it said . "  Ringhals nuclear power plant is still in operation . " Officers patrolled the site overnight with bomb detection dogs but found nothing else , the company said . The plant has raised its security level to the second lowest level of 4 as a precaution , the Swedish Radiation Safety Authority said . The country 's two other nuclear power plant , in Forsmark and Oskarshamn , have also boosted their security measures following the discovery , it said . "  It is still assessed that there was no risk of an explosion because the explosive had no detonation device , " the statement said . David Persson , a spokesman for the Swedish Radiation Safety Authority , told CNN he believed it was the first time such an incident had occurred . The State Forensic Laboratory confirmed the substance was an explosive paste Thursday morning , Vattenfall said . Sweden has 10 reactors at its three nuclear plants .	The explosives were discovered before they entered a protected area , authorities say Security has been tightened at Sweden 's three nuclear power plants Police are investigating suspected sabotage , the plant 's owner says No detonation device was attached to the explosives , authorities say
CNN  -- Tamil Tiger rebels acknowledged the death of their leader Sunday , nearly a week after the Sri Lankan government said it had recovered the body of Velupillai Prabhakaran and declared victory in the country 's 25-year civil war with the rebels . In this picture taken 27 November 2003 , Velupillai Prabhakaran stands next to an LTTE flag . Prabhakaran "  attained martyrdom fighting the military oppression of the Sri Lankan state " on May 17 , according to Tamilnet.com , a rebel Web site , citing the group 's international affairs spokesman . On Tuesday , President Mahinda Rajapaksa declared victory against the Tamil Tigers . "  We are celebrating the defeat of terrorism , " he said in a nationally televised speech before parliament . "  We have won and restored democracy in the country . " The president declared a national holiday for the following day to celebrate the war 's end and begin a new phase in the country 's history . Watch the victory parade " A short time after the presidential address , the military announced that it had recovered the body of Prabhakaran , leader and founder of the Tamil Tigers . The rebels initially denied the death of their leader , claiming on Tamilnet.com that Prabhakaran was "  alive and safe . " The defense ministry said the bodies of Prabhakaran and 18 other senior rebel leaders were among corpses found in mop-up operations , after government troops routed the Tigers -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . The leaders included Prabhakaran 's eldest son , Charles Anthony , as well as Pottu Amman , the Tigers ' intelligence leader , according to the ministry . Watch the U.N. chief discuss the humanitarian crisis " Prabhakaran founded the Tamil Tigers , who have been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries . It initiated the use of women in suicide attacks and , according to the FBI , invented the explosive suicide belt . Prabhakaran is accused of masterminding the killing of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 in the Tamil-dominated Indian state of Tami Nadu . Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi 's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka . Two years later , a Tigers suicide bomber , allegedly acting on Prabhakaran 's orders , detonated explosives that killed Sri Lanka 's then-president , Ranasinghe Premadasa , during a rally . The rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting .	Tamil Tiger rebels acknowledge the death of their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran Sri Lankan government had said it recovered his body ; rebels initially denied claim Sri Lankan government declares victory over Tamil Tiger rebels An estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fighting
CNN  A gas truck driver and two assistants were arrested Friday in connection with a deadly gas explosion that leveled part of a maternity hospital in Mexico City , killing at least three people and injuring dozens , authorities said . The blast occurred at about 7 a.m. Thursday with more than 100 people inside Cuajimalpa Maternal Hospital -- minutes after a hose burst on a truck supplying gas to the building . Rescuers rushed from the rubble with babies in their arms . Paramedics hauled bloodied victims on stretchers . The truck operator was identified as Julio César Martínez and his two assistants as Carlos Chavez and Salvador Alatorre , according to Rodolfo Rios Garza , a local attorney . The charges against them were not immediately available . Two of men in custody are hospitalized , and a third , with less serious injuries , was checked at a hospital . Ivonne Lugo Durantes told CNNMexico she spent 10 minutes trapped under rubble before rescuers reached her . The supervising nurse called her husband , Mario Angeles Sanchez , after the blast . As she described what was happening , he heard people in the background screaming for help . "  I am still a little bit in shock . It was a nightmare , " she said , describing how hospital workers tried to rescue babies from a nursery as flames engulfed the building . A nurse and two babies were killed by the blast , Mexico City Health Secretary Armando Ahued told CNN affiliate FOROtv . At least 73 people were injured , he said , including about 20 newborns . Outside the hospital , frantic family members searched for word of loved ones they feared were inside . Searching continued Thursday evening at the site , though officials said it appeared everyone had been accounted for . Jose Eduardo was relieved to learn his wife and son , who was born Wednesday , had survived the blast . He heard about the explosion on the news from his home , where he 'd gone to rest after the baby was born . He rushed to the hospital to be by his wife 's side . "  She told me that it started to smell like gas and the ceiling started to fall on everyone , " he told CNNMexico . "  She covered up the baby and ran . " His wife was barefoot when she escaped , he said . Others were naked . "  We started pulling babies from the debris who were alive , " Ignacio , a volunteer at the scene , told CNN . "  We pulled out , fortunately , I think we pulled out seven . We would 've wanted to pull out more . " Witnesses said the explosion shook the neighborhood . "  We heard something , and it smelled so much like gas , really a lot . And then two minutes , three seconds later , we saw an explosion that made everything fly in the air , " witness Teresa Ramirez told CNNMexico . "  It threw me to the ground . " Virginia Gonzalez , who lives near the hospital , said her patio was covered with broken glass from blown-out windows . After the explosion , Mexicans eager to help lined up at hospitals where victims were being treated , offering to donate blood and bringing bottled water and diapers for survivors . Lugo , the nurse who was inside the hospital during the explosion , told CNNMexico she is suffering from first-degree burns but feels lucky to be alive . "  I feel grateful to have another chance to keep living , " she said , "  to keep working as a nurse . " First , calls came into firefighters reporting a gas leak at the hospital , a facility on the southwest outskirts of Mexico City that is part of the government health system . Hospital workers had already started evacuating the building when the explosion happened minutes later , Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera told reporters . One of the city 's publicly accessible webcams captured the blast , showing a plume of smoke rising from the direction of the hospital . A truck was supplying gas to the hospital when apparently a hose burst and the resulting leak caused an explosion , Mancera said . The gas in question is known as liquefied petroleum gas , a mix that could be mostly propane or mostly butane . These propane/butane mixes are commonly used in Mexico for heating , cooking and other fuel applications . Gas Express Nieto , the company that owned the truck , has operated in Mexico City since 2007 and has a contract to supply gas to hospitals run by the Mexico City government , the mayor said . The hospital is 70 % collapsed , Mancera said , although some walls and steel columns are still standing . Journalists James Fredrick and Sheila A. Sanchez Fermin and CNN 's Krupskaia Alis and Fidel Gutierrez contributed to this report from Mexico City . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Mayra Cuevas contributed from Atlanta .	Three men arrested in connection with the blast at hospital A nurse and two babies were killed by the blast , official says Mexico City 's mayor says a gas leak was reported , then there was an explosion
CNN  -- Nearly one-fifth of American 4-year-olds are obese , and children of color are at higher risk , according to new research . Obese children are at risk for early onset of diabetes , fatty liver and musculoskeletal problems . Researchers calculated the body mass index from a sample of 8,550 Hispanic , black , white , Asian and Native American 4-year-olds . The children were born in 2001 , and in 2005 , their height and weight were measured -- 18.4 percent of them were obese . "  Significant differences in the prevalence of obesity between racial/ethnic groups were evident at 4 years of age , " the researchers wrote in the April issue of the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine . Using body mass index , they found that 31.2 percent of American Indian/Native Alaskans , 22 percent of Hispanics , 20.8 percent of blacks , 15.9 percent of whites and 12.8 percent of Asians were obese . "  It 's surprising that there are large differences by racial/ethnic group by that age , " said Sarah Anderson , an assistant professor of epidemiology at The Ohio State University and lead study author . Anderson and co-author Robert Whitaker 's analysis showed that children were becoming obese even before encountering soda and candy vending machines in schools . "  These results really do point to the need for us to focus attention on early childhood and the need for research to understand how these differences can emerge so early , " Anderson said . "  To do that , we may need to understand the different family and cultural factors that are at play in these children 's lives . " The cause for the early health disparities is hard to pinpoint , childhood obesity experts said . "  It 's always possible there are biological factors within ethnic groups , " said Dr. Tom Robinson , director of the Center for Healthy Weight at the Stanford University School of Medicine . "  We know most of the changes that have occurred in body fat tend to occur from being in an environment that promotes very easy access to high-caloric foods and limited opportunities for physical activities . " Michael Rich , an associate professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School , called the disparities between ethnic groups disturbing . "  The expectations , lifestyle , behaviors are different on a cultural and socioeconomic basis , " he said . "  Kids who live in the inner city , whose neighborhoods are perceived as dangerous , stay at home more , sit more , eat more snacks , because that 's all they can get at the local bodega . There are no supermarkets to get produce . That 's what mom is eating , so that 's what kid is eating . What we 're dealing with here is whole life issues . " Previous research has shown that older children are becoming less active and spending more time in front of a computer or TV . "  That is displacing physical activity , " said Dr. Sarah Barlow , director of the Obesity Center at Texas Children 's Hospital in Houston . "  You can imagine strollers , less outdoor play -- all those kinds of things that have shifted how much activity younger kids are getting . At the same time , portion sizes are increasing for everybody . " According to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , adults fare no better . Approximately 45 percent of blacks , 36.8 percent of Mexican Americans and 30 percent of whites are obese . "  It 's a very bad sign if we see obesity at a young age , " Robinson said . "  When we see children obese at age 4 , we 're likely to see complications -- high blood pressure , abnormal lipids -- which can lead to heart disease and stroke , diabetes in children . " Diseases commonly seen in 40 - or 50-year-olds are presenting in 6 - and 7-year-olds . Obese children are developing type 2 diabetes , fatty liver disease and musculoskeletal problems , which occur because their bodies ca n't carry that much weight , doctors said . Calculate your child 's body mass index . "  The heavier you are as a child , the likelier that extra weight will follow you through life , " Robinson said . "  That 's why we see adolescents who need weight-loss surgery , because they have life-threatening complications from obesity . " If you have an obese child ... The first step is for the parents to acknowledge that the child is overweight , instead of making excuses or comparing him or her to heavier children . Many of the parents of obese children are overweight themselves , which makes that acknowledgment difficult , said Rich , who is also director of the Center on Media and Child Health at Children 's Hospital in Boston . "  While it 's important to focus on it and take it seriously , it 's also important not to give up or feel hopeless , " he said . "  Then you wo n't try . You want to look at it for what it is and not be defeated by it . " When you 're trying to help your child achieve a healthy weight , remove the stigma attached to obesity . "  It should always be about health , not about losing weight , " Rich said . "  You 're trying to build the positive . " He recommended the 5-2-1-0 plan . Eat at least five servings of fruits and vegetables , cut screen time down to two hours or less , exercise at least one hour , and have zero soda and sugary drinks . Such changes , which are not seismic shifts to lifestyles , can help the child get into a health weight . "  It 's easier to start that way , rather than try to change habits when they 're 8 or 12 or 16 , " said Barlow , an associate professor of pediatrics at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas . While it 's possible for some kids to outgrow the excess weight , she warned parents not to count on that . "  We 've seen over time that the environment does n't promote that , " she said .	Research : 18.4 percent of 4-year-olds in the United States are obese . Native Americans , Hispanics , blacks at most risk ; whites and Asians at lowest risk Socioeconomic and lifestyle factors play a role in likelihood for obesity
CNN  -- When I think about the importance of voting , I think about kids and what kind of opportunities they are going to have in life . I 've been lucky enough to have incredible opportunities that allowed me to lead a wonderful , successful life even prior to my fortunate career in the entertainment business . The Comprehensive Employment and Training Act allowed me to work by the age of 12 , helping me develop a strong work ethic . Without government financial aid I would have never been able to attend college and along the way , bump into Spike Lee , who offered me my very first role in "  Do the Right Thing . " Being an actress , I 've had the opportunity to work with poor students , helping to provide arts-intergrated education programs for the past 19 years , working with many young students in Harlem , the Bronx , Brooklyn and the Lower East Side of Manhattan . I am inspired to support young people who want a future in the arts and in jobs that will make their communities better . I found that these students have incredible dreams for their future . But their dreams could be shattered if we elect the wrong candidates -- people who will pursue policies that do nothing for kids . The young people I work with come from underprivileged backgrounds . They work hard . They want to achieve the American Dream . And the American Dream is about providing opportunities for all -- rich and poor . Many of them are the children of immigrants who brought them here when they were little , some documented and some not . Until recently , these students had to live in constant fear of being deported to another country , even though America is where they grew up and is the only home they have ever known . Some of that fear was lifted when President Barack Obama announced earlier this year that the government will not deport young people who were brought here as children and are currently in school , have graduated from high school or obtained a GED , or have been honorably discharged from the armed forces . Here 's why voting matters . After the new policy was announced , Mitt Romney 's senior adviser , Ed Gillespie , said to CNN that if the Republican nominee is elected , this new policy will be "  subject to review and repeal . " That statement brought tears to my eyes . I thought about an applicant to our organization 's scholarship program -- a straight-A student whose sole dream is to become a lawyer . She was accepted to multiple Ivy League colleges but could not apply because she was not able to qualify for funding as an undocumented young person . She is thinking of going to John Jay College of Criminal Justice because it is the only place she can barely afford $ 6,000 a year . But this could still fall through without financial assistance . She would be forced to choose between housing and food , or a degree in law . Even if she does attend college , she will be jeopardizing her stay in the United States as an undocumented person once she enrolls because she has no idea if the policy will remain intact or be rescinded . She is as American as anyone else , but her parents immigrated here when she was very young . She is now terrified that the new policy will be repealed . She is afraid of being deported . But what terrified her even more , she said , was that she may never become a lawyer . It 's especially important for people who care about kids and education to vote , because too many of our political leaders are just out of touch with these everyday realities . Mitt Romney recently suggested -- at a private dinner for wealthy donors who each paid $ 50,000 to be there -- that it would be easier for him to be elected president if he were Latino . As if his privileged background as the son of a millionaire corporate CEO who sent him to Harvard and Harvard Law School was some kind of disadvantage in life . "  My dad , as you probably know , was the governor of Michigan and was the head of a car company , " Romney said . "  But he was born in Mexico , and had he been born of Mexican parents , I 'd have a better shot at winning this ... But he was unfortunately born to Americans living in Mexico ... I say that jokingly , but it would be helpful to be Latino . " Maybe Romney thinks it 's "  easier " because he thinks we 're all living off of government handouts , or because Jimmy Smits won the election on "  The West Wing , " or because he 's a cynical leader who thinks that optics matter more than policies . But we 're not fooled that easily . Watch : Rosie Perez 's video response to Mitt Romney 's comments Romney also said that he is not concerned about "  47 % " of Americans . As we take in the devastation of Hurricane Sandy , we have to ask : What if it happens again and Mitt is elected ? What will the "  47 % " do if they have to deal with a major disaster without FEMA , without government help ? When I heard what Romney said , I realized that I needed to do more to encourage every citizen to vote in this election . I 'm going to vote because I want elected officials who understand and can relate to the obstacles that young people and their parents face every day . I 'm going to vote because it hurts all of us when at least 11 million hardworking people in this country are vulnerable to exploitation by their employers simply because our government denies them a path to citizenship . Most of all , I 'm going to vote because I believe in an America that provides liberty and justice for all , and I want every child to have the opportunity to pursue the American Dream . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rosie Perez .	Rosie Perez : Young people 's dreams can be shattered if we elect the wrong politicians Perez : Obama said that he wo n't deport young immigrants who may be illegal She says Mitt Romney may repeal policy , which would affect students who work hard Perez : It 's especially important for people who care about kids and education to vote
TIME.com  -- Curious about how a disease gets started ? Researchers may soon be able to "  street view " the inner workings of the human body . An international group of researchers have successfully created the most comprehensive map of the human metabolism , called Recon 2 , which details how the body 's converts food into energy , and assembles all of the hormones and proteins that contribute to a normal day 's work for cells and tissues . Genes may form the foundation of the human condition , but it 's their activity , in the shape of the products they make â $ " from enzymes and hormones to nutrients and signaling factors â $ " that dictate how cells interact with each other , and how body systems , such as the way we breakdown food into energy , operate . "  It 's like having the coordinates of all the cars in town , but no street map , " Bernhard Palsson , a professor of bioengineering at the University of California San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering said in a statement . "  Without this tool , we do n't know why people are moving the way they are . " By putting together how genes and their products interact across entire networks , Palsson and his colleagues are confident that Recon 2 could help to expose some of the still mysterious causes of diseases like cancer and diabetes , as well as lead to better treatments . TIME.com : Can you be fat and fit ? "  Ultimately , I envision it being used to personalize diagnosis and treatment to meet the needs of individual patients . In the future , this capability could enable doctors to develop virtual models of their patients ' individual metabolic networks and identify the most efficacious treatment for various diseases including diabetes , cancer and neurodegenerative diseases , " said Ines Thiele , a professor at the University of Iceland in a statement describing the work . Recon 2 resembles a "  Google map " since it consolidates all the details of human metabolism functions into one interactive tool and allows users to zoom in to view as much detail , at a cellular level , as they want , or to zoom out to get a broader perspective of all the different metabolic reactions that might be involved in a particular function . Such analyses can reveal patterns in function that might not otherwise be obvious to scientists working on more limited projects . In a release describing the scope of the project , University of California San Diego officials wrote : "  This is not unlike how you can get a street view of a single house or zoom out to see how the house fits into the whole neighborhood , city , state , country and globe . And just as Google maps brings together a broad set of data -- such as images , addresses , streets and traffic flow -- into an easily navigated tool , Recon 2 pulls together a vast compendium of data from published literature and existing models of metabolic processes . " TIME.com : How exercise can change your DNA As the name suggests , there was also a Recon 1 , which mapped 3,300 metabolic transformations occurring in tissue and cells . Recon 2 more than doubles that number of metabolic activities by covering more than 7,400 different reactions . To develop Recon 2 , the original group of researchers from UCSD brought together research groups from around the world to contribute their findings and develop standards for the map . Researchers are already excited by Recon 2â $ ² s potential in a number of medical applications , including the ability to trace gene expression patterns to specific metabolic pathways , which can lead to more useful targets for drugs that can intervene in these processes and alter the reactions that can lead to disease . "  Recon 2 allows biomedical researchers to study the human metabolic network with more precision than was ever previously possible . This is essential to understanding where and how specific metabolic pathways go off track to create disease , " said Palsson in a statement . TIME.com : Diet strategies may help in lowering diabetes risk Although it is the most expansive map of the human metabolism available , it 's still not complete . According to the researchers , Recon 2 includes only about 1,800 genes of the estimated 20,000 protein-coding genes in the human genome , so there is plenty more to map in coming years . The study was published in the journal Nature Biotechnology . This article was originally published on TIME.com The Human Body -- In ` Google Map ' Form & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Researchers have created the most comprehensive map of the human metabolism They hope it will help expose some of the still mysterious causes of diseases "  Recon 2 " consolidates details of human metabolism functions into one interactive tool
CNN  -- Clothes can look good , feel good and smell good , but now they can also sound good . Conceptual artist and sound designer Alyce Santoro has developed a material she calls "  sonic fabric . " Made from 50 % polyester thread and 50 % cassette tape , it has the consistency of denim , but is able to play audio . This month , Santoro has launched a new line of sonic ties -- hand-sewn in Manhattan by designer Julio Cesar . The ties can be played by customizing an old Sony Walkman , and rubbing it across the surface of the fabric . The sound the ties make is , according to Santoro , "  like scratching five records backwards at once . " Sonic fabric began life as an artwork but is now being used in bags , dresses , accessories and more . The spools of cassette tape used in the construction of sonic fabric maintain their magnetism , and can produce sound if amplified by the head of a tape player . Santoro 's early versions of the textile interwove tapes from some of her favorite artists including John Coltrane , Miles Davis , and Richie Havens , as well as real-world sounds such as recordings of the ocean , wind and birdsong . The idea for sonic fabric was actually born long ago ; as a child , Santoro raced sailboats using strands of cassette tape as ` tell-tales ' to indicate the direction of the wind . "  As a kid I used to imagine that I could hear the sounds that had been recorded onto the tape wafting out into the air if the wind hit them just right -- maybe Beethoven , the Beatles , or Bob Dylan -- whatever tapes my family happened to have around the house , " Santoro says . Years later , inspired by this childhood vision , Santoro began to develop her sonic fabric , knitting together strands of tape into square prototypes , which she followed up with meter-long textile sheets woven with a loom . In the early days of its development , the fabric 's audio capabilities were purely hypothetical , but in 2002 Santoro worked with a friend to customize a Sony Walkman to be able to play the fabric . Hearing it for the first time was , Santoro says , "  magical . " Sonic fabric soon attracted attention from audiophiles who were interested in experimenting with the way music might be hidden in a garment . In 2003 , percussionist Jon Fishman commissioned Santoro to make him an outfit which he played live on stage with his band Phish . For the project Fishman lent Santoro his entire tape collection , which she mined for tracks from Prince , Led Zeppelin , Jimi Hendrix and more . Santoro wove the samples into a "  musical suit " which drew huge cheers when it was played at Phish 's concert in Las Vegas . In the future , Santoro hopes to collaborate with artists and performers to see sonic fabric to further explore the intersection between fashion and music . "  It would be thrilling to work with other sound artists and musicians around the world , " says Santoro , "  to literally weave together our sonic experiences during these times of powerful transformation in the realms of society , politics , and the environment . The resulting fabric could be shared and made into anything imaginable by anyone interested . " CNN caught up with Santoro for a Q&A . CNN : Where did you get the idea for sonic fabric ? And how has its use changed in the time you have been working with it ? AS : I got the idea to weave with cassette tape when I saw Tibetan Buddhist prayer flags for the first time many years ago . It was explained to me at the time that the flags often have images of sacred sounds , or "  mantras , " block-printed onto them . Colorful strings of these flags are hung in auspicious locations where the wind can "  activate " the sounds , sending "  good vibes " out around the world on the breeze . This immediately reminded me of experiences I 'd had racing small sailboats as a kid . When sailing , it 's imperative to remain aware of subtle variations in the direction and speed of the wind at all times . There are very low-tech ways to determine this , including feeling the wind on your face , and keeping an eye on "  tell-tales " -- small strands of yarn that are tied to the rigging . It so happens that cassette tape is commonly used for this purpose , as it is a very sensitive , durable material . As a kid I used to imagine that I could hear the sounds that had been recorded onto the tape wafting out into the air if the wind hit them just right -- maybe Beethoven , the Beatles , or Bob Dylan -- whatever tapes my family happened to have around the house . I thought it would be interesting to combine the idea of the Tibetan flags with the tell-tails ; to weave a fabric quite literally imbued with sonic potential . CNN : Where and how is it made ? AS : Sonic Fabric is woven at a small , family-run textile mill in New England on an astoundingly beautiful 1940s Dobby loom that was salvaged by the mill especially for this purpose -- it has a special shuttle that just happens to handle cassette tape perfectly . CNN : What projects is sonic fabric currently being used in ? Where would you like to see it used in future ? AS : At the moment , sonic fabric is mostly used in installation art in the form of sets of sailboat sails . I like to imagine that the energy stored in the carefully-blended sounds can have some positive effect , however subtle , on the surrounding environment . I am currently collaborating with a designer friend on a line of small , wearable accessories . Julio Cesar hand sews neckties , small bags , and other custom pieces for anyone who would like to have a functional work of conceptual art that can be used as part of "  everyday life " . In the future , I envision more collaborative opportunities -- it would be thrilling to work with other sound artists and musicians around the world to literally weave together our sonic experiences during these times of powerful transformation in the realms of society , politics , and the environment . The resulting fabric could be shared and made into anything imaginable by anyone interested . CNN : How does it sound ? AS : The sound that the fabric emits is garbled , like scratching five records backwards at once . Since the 1/8 " wide strands of cassette tape get folded when they go into the loom , there are probably 20 or so strands squished into an inch of fabric . An average-width tape head is capable of picking up maybe 5 or 6 strands of tape at a time . The sound the OM tone edition of fabric emits is not garbled . However , since it 's recorded with only a single note , it makes a single clear tone that can be adjusted according to the speed at which the player is rubbed along the fabric . CNN : Can anyone play it ? AS : Absolutely ! All you need is an old Walkman and some headphones or a small amplifier . Here 's how to build one , with examples of what it sounds like when the fabric is "  played . "	Sonic fabric is a textile made from cassette tape and polyester thread The material has the consistency of denim but is capable of producing audio Sonic fabric has been used in collections by fashion designers and live on stage by musicians
Jamam refugee camp , South Sudan  CNN  -- The dried up cattle pond is only a few meters off the red road that runs through Jamam refugee camp . It 's a huge hole in the ground , long emptied by the blazing sun . At the bottom of this pit women and children dig with cups and bowls in the smelly , spongy mud for the little dirty water that seeps into their shallow wells . Jamam refugee camp is in a desperate situation . All day Oxfam trucks water from the very few working boreholes in or near the camp to tanks close to the road . Women wait in the heat for up to four hours twice a day , next to their long queues of buckets and jerry cans . Men with sticks and whips police the lines . Fights break out all the time . No one has to ask why . There is simply not enough water and we are running out of options and we are running out of time . This is the daily struggle that is the human face of peace failing in the Sudans . The conflict in Blue Nile has been going on for months , and now in the past few weeks fighting between Sudan and South Sudan threatens to further destabilize the wider border region these refugees still live in . Like a cruel reminder of the conflict that the refugees fled , unidentified Antonovs -- the kind of planes that bombed their villages in Blue Nile -- flew over Jamam camp three times in the past few weeks . In a panic , refugees ran and sought safety in holes in the ground . To truly understand why peace is so important , the world needs to remember it 's not just the fighting that matters but also the enormous suffering it causes those who have already been forced to flee it . The interrupted lives , deadened by displacement in the hot , unblinking heat . In barely established camps like Jamam there 's nothing to do but wait . In Jamam -- where water is rationed well below people 's needs , enough only for cooking and bathing - that struggle has become a crisis that is about to deepen as the rainy season approaches . How to get enough water ? That is the burning question , but the ground here has few answers . There is just not enough water to cope with so many new people -- and now there are fears that more may arrive as conflict spreads . We 've done a hydro-geological survey and we 've drilled for new boreholes . We have even resorted to water divining -- a traditional method using metal rods in the hope of detecting ground water . Only one drill has produced any water , but very little . We were completely reliant on four overworked boreholes pumping 22 hours a day . One of these collapsed last week , and now there are just three . Rationing has been tightened again . It was a grim evening in our base in the camp that night . We ate our meal to the loud hum of the generator with our hearts in our stomachs . The refugees were settled here partly because the host community was welcoming . But as water sources run out or dry up and more and more refugees arrive , competition for water is beginning to cause conflict here too . Fights break out at water points . The pressure is intense and I fear it will get worse . The heavy rains are coming , bringing fresh problems . It rained last week for three hours , long enough to destroy many of the flimsy shelters of plastic sheeting , sheets , or straw the refugees have constructed under trees . Whole families were left exposed . The rains will flood large parts of the camp , bringing the threat of disease and making trucking water in very difficult -- perhaps impossible as the roads deteriorate into impassable mud slicks . Drilling in the rains is also near impossible . It is hard to express how miserable the mud of Upper Nile is . It 's a kind of black clay that sticks to everything , the stuff of quagmires . Largely impermeable , water sits on top of it , a massive health risk not just encouraging malaria but also water-borne diseases including cholera . Humanitarian agencies working in the camp are looking into options including relocating a large number of the refugees to a new site , and putting in a pipeline that will hopefully mean the water can reach the camp more reliably when the roads fall apart . But there 's only one real solution . People need peace and people need to be able to go home . Unless all parties involved in the fighting stop and focus on long-term peace then I fear that the situation in Sudan and South Sudan will reverse to how it was during wartime , Africa 's longest civil war , the most recent phase of which lasted 22 years and left around 2 million people dead . All that progress made in the years following the 2005 peace agreement risks being lost . The international community played a major role in brokering that peace -- now is the time to make sure it lasts . The people in Jamam , and across the two countries , deserve to be free from the constant threat of crisis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pauline Ballaman .	Hundreds of thousands of refugees have fled conflict in Sudan , South Sudan border region Many have taken shelter in Jamam camp , but water supplies are running low Oxfam worker Pauline Ballaman says international community must take action Ballaman : "  People need peace , and to be able to go home "
CNN Traveller  -- When the Roman Emperor Hadrian came to power in 117AD he inherited an empire that was overstretched militarily and creaking at the seams . A massive bust of Hadrian 's head unearthed only last year is part of the exhibition at the British Museum . One of his first acts was to pull the troops out of Mesopotamia , modern-day Iraq , a fact that is sure to resonate with visitors to the British Museum "  s superb exhibition "  Hadrian : Empire and Conflict " which opens on 24 July under the imposing classical dome of the Reading Room . Curator Torsten Opper says : "  No matter what our take is on the conflict in Iraq today , we can relate to Hadrian 's decision . Maybe 10 or 15 years ago , it would n't have mattered so much . Now it does . " Hadrian was born in Rome to a noble family whose origins lay in Spain . One of the greatest of Rome 's emperors , he consolidated imperial power , was a patron of architecture and travelled extensively across his lands . Though married , he also took a homosexual lover , Antinous , whose drowning in the river Nile on the very day Egyptians were celebrating the death in a similar manner of the god Osiris remains one of ancient history 's great unsolved mysteries . The range of exhibits and their rarity means that this exhibition is going to be extremely well-attended . Visitors will , for example , be the first members of the public anywhere to see a huge head of the emperor that was dug up recently at Sagalassos in central Turkey and would have once crowned a statue that was over five metres high . "  A year ago , this was still lying buried in the ground , " says Opper . "  It "  s proof that Roman history is n't done and dusted ; that we are still able to rethink the past and evaluate it . " The exhibition brings together 180 objects , from 31 sources in 11 different countries . "  It has n't been an easy thing to do , " adds Opper . "  Many of these objects leave huge gaps in their home collection and many are extremely delicate . This is n't an exhibition that can travel . People will only be able to view it for these three months . " Many of the most delicate objects are also those that give the most dramatic insight into Hadrian 's reign . Between 132AD and 135/6AD the Jews of Judea rebelled against Roman rule . Some of the insurgents took refuge in a cave in the desert , called the cave of letters , in which they were trapped by Roman troops . Few made it out alive . The climatic conditions of the cave have preserved objects in astonishing condition . There is a letter written by Jewish leader Simon Bar Kokhba  enquiring about a delivery of supplies  , as well as mirrors , a jewellery box and an astonishingly delicate glass plate , probably made in Alexandria , that somehow survived flight into the desert and the perilous climb up a cliff to the cave . Then there are three house keys , their wooden handles preserved , looking as if they would still open the locks for which they were made . Opper says : "  They "  re immediately touching -- these were used by people to lock their homes thinking they "  d be back in a week or two , but of course they were n't -- they all perished . And there are still many refugees now who still have keys to the homes they once lived in . It "  s a potent symbol of conflict . " To the British Hadrian will always be associated with the wall that was built across northern England , an 117km rampart with a fortification every 1.6 km . In schoolroom history this has traditionally been seen as a defence against the barbarian tribes to the north , but it was n't necessarily so . "  The wall was a ruthlessly efficient symbol of oppression and in the end it broke the back of the local tribes , " says Opper . Confirmation of this , perhaps , comes from two small writing tablets from the fortress of Vindolanda , the oldest surviving hand-written documents in the British Isles . In one an officer , presumably writing to a colleague who is taking over his post , derides the locals as the "  little British , " not worthy of worrying about very much - brief , battered and faded the letter may be , but as an example of high-handed imperialism it is hard to beat . CLICK HERE to subscribe to CNN Traveller COPYRIGHT © 2008 INK PUBLISHING AND CABLE NEWS NETWORK , LP , LLLP , A TIME WARNER COMPANY . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	London exhibition based on Roman Emperor Hadrian features new treasures Huge bust of Hadrian 's head discovered only last year a feature Emperor inherited a shambolic Roman empire and rebuilt it
CNN  -- An additional 440,000 Honda vehicles are being added to a recall initially announced in November to repair a potential defect in airbag inflation systems , American Honda Motor Co. said Friday . The 2001 Honda Civic is among the vehicles covered by the recall . The recall involves driver-side airbags in certain 2001-02 Honda Accords , 2001 Civics and 2002-03 Acura TLs , the company said in a news release . The affected vehicles will require the replacement of the steering-wheel-mounted airbag inflator . "  In some vehicles , airbag inflators can produce over-pressurization of the driver 's -LSB- front -RSB- airbag inflator mechanism during airbag deployment , " the release said . "  If an affected inflator deploys , the increased internal pressure may cause the inflator casing to rupture . Metal fragments could pass through the cloth airbag cushion material , possibly causing an injury or fatality to vehicle occupants . " Honda spokesman Chris Noughtan said the potential defect has resulted in six known injuries and one known death . The company will send a recall notice in the mail over the next few months , the release said . Owners may check their car 's recall status by visiting the Honda "  Owner Link " Web site at www.owners.honda.com/recalls or the Acura "  My Acura " Web site at www.owners.acura.com/recalls . "  Only certain vehicles are affected , and concerned owners of 2001-2002 Accords , 2001 Civics and 2002-2003 Acura TLs are encouraged to wait to receive a recall notice in the mail before scheduling an appointment with their local dealer , " the company said .	2001-02 Accords , 2001 Civics and 2002-03 Acura TLs included Airbag inflators can produce over-pressurization , company says At least six injured , one killed by potential defect Owners will receive recall notices in the mail
CNN  -- A leading international children 's charity has warned that Elton John 's desire to adopt a 14-month-old baby boy could lead to more children being abandoned . Elton John kisses baby Lev during his visit to the orphanage in Ukraine on Saturday . The singer , 62 , made the announcement during a visit with his partner , 46-year-old David Furnish , to an orphanage for HIV-affected children in Ukraine on Saturday . "  David always wanted to adopt and I always said no because I am 62 and I think because of the traveling I do and the life I have , maybe it would n't be fair for the child , " he told reporters . "  But having seen Lev today , I would love to adopt him . I do n't know how we do that but he has stolen my heart . And he has stolen David 's heart and it would be wonderful if we can have a home . I 've changed my mind today . " While EveryChild praised the British musician for helping raise awareness of children affected by HIV/AIDS , it said international adoption is sending out the wrong message . James Georgalakis , EveryChild 's Communications and Advocacy Manager , told CNN : "  Research conducted in the Ukraine in 2007 which showed high-profile celebrity adoptions and news around foreigners coming into the country and adopting children generally was actually encouraging vulnerable young mothers to abandon their children into homes hoping their child would be adopted by a rich foreigner and have a better life . "  So it 's quite well documented that these high-profile adoptions could actually be increasing the number of children in institutions . " Do you think celebrity adoptions are a good thing ? According to research by the charity 's Web site , 95 percent of the children in Ukraine 's institutions are not orphans , with babies born to HIV + mothers facing particular discrimination . They are separated from their mothers and often end up in children 's homes and institutions segregated from children not affected by HIV . It argues that governments such as Ukraine need to be encouraged to put more emphasis on keeping families together rather than placing them in outdated Soviet-era children 's homes . "  After a great deal of campaigning by charities such as ours , the Ukraine government introduced a new ` gate-keeping ' system which means the authorities will have to consider all available options before a child is placed in an institution , " Georgalakis said . "  So when a child is taken into care or abandoned , they will have look at whether a child has other family or can be fostered by another family for example . This is a huge step forward and one that needs support . "  We will definitely be speaking to Elton and his representatives about this . " Elton John is the latest high-profile figure to be linked with a case of this kind . Earlier this year , Madonna won a court appeal to adopt a second child from Malawi . Critics of the pop-star accused the pop superstar of taking advantage of "  archaic adoption laws " in a bid to adopt three-year-old Chifundo James . Madonna 's initial attempt was denied because she did not meet a residency law that requires applicants to have lived in the country for some time before adoption . This condition was waived when Madonna -- and then husband Guy Ritchie -- adopted her first Malawian child , David Banda . The judge in that case said the interest of the child outweighed the issue of residency . Meanwhile , the British Association for Adoption and Fostering said around 4,000 children need to be adopted in UK each year , with many facing a considerable wait . BAAF Chief Executive David Holmes told CNN : "  While Elton John may be considered too old under current guidance to adopt a baby in the UK , there are many children , particularly older children , sibling groups , children with disabilities , and children from black minority groups , all waiting for a family . "  We 'll certainly be reinforcing this message during National Adoption Week in Britain later this year . "	Elton John , 62 , made announcement during a visit to an orphanage in Ukraine EveryChild charity believes international adoption sends wrong message Spokesman : Mothers abandon children in hope they are adopted by foreigners Madonna recently won appeal to adopt second child from Malawi
CNN  -- At least five people were reported killed and 30 injured Monday evening when a freak dust storm rolled through Iran 's capital , Tehran . The storm brought winds that nearly reached 120 kilometers per hour , or some 75 mph , according to Iran 's Press TV . It reported the storm plunged the city into darkness , and photographs from Tehran showed giant clouds of sand and dust clogging the air . Some flights were delayed at Tehran 's Mehrabad International Airport , but operations returned to normal when the storm passed , Press TV said . It was not immediately clear how the victims were killed or injured .	The freak storm plunged the city into darkness Another 30 people were reported injured Some flights were delayed at Tehran 's Mehrabad airport
Little Rock , Arkansas  CNN  This state launched the Clinton brand two decades ago and handed Hillary Clinton one of the biggest victories of her 2008 primary battle against Barack Obama . But as she considers another bid for the White House in 2016 , Arkansas is n't so friendly . In the final weeks of the 2014 election , top Democrats in Arkansas told Hillary Clinton and her associates that she was n't welcome to stump for the party 's candidates in the state , according to a knowledgeable source . While there were some in Arkansas who wanted her to come , the "  stay away " contingent won the argument and Hillary Clinton was left to raise money for Sen. Mark Pryor from New York . Bill Clinton made up for the absence , making 13 stops in the state during campaign season imploring voters to not make the election a repudiation of President Barack Obama . Still , Democrats across Arkansas lost big . The governor 's mansion flipped red , along with Pryor 's Senate seat . The state 's four-member House delegation is solidly Republican . The rout was part of a broader repudiation of Democrats across the South this election cycle . But the results in Arkansas were particularly tough for the Clintons and raise questions about whether the state most associated with the couple is no longer welcome territory ahead of Hillary Clinton 's potential 2016 race . "  The coattails were short , " outgoing Democratic Gov. Mike Beebe told CNN . "  It is a fact . " Bill Clinton handily won Arkansas during both of his presidential elections . But the politics of the South changed during his time in office as many states were increasingly dominated by Republicans . Arkansas was a genuine battleground state during the 2000 election , when Al Gore and George W. Bush both campaigned here and spent money on television ads . Seeking to distance himself from Bill Clinton after his impeachment , Gore did n't campaign with the former President and lost Arkansas to Bush by 5 points . By 2008 , Arkansas was seen as so unfriendly to Democrats that Obama wrote the state off -- even as he won other southern states like North Carolina and Virginia that Republicans carried for decades . Before the 2014 election , Hillary Clinton 's supporters -- many at the grassroots level in Arkansas -- would quietly talk about the former first lady 's chances of competing and winning Arkansas in 2016 . They touted her standing with white women and working class voters . But after Election Day , those optimistic Democrats are harder to find . "  Limited , " said Vincent Insalaco , the chair of the Arkansas Democratic Party , when asked about Hillary Clinton 's chances of winning the state . "  It is limited here in Arkansas . " "  I think she could run a strong race here , but I think the electorate has changed , " said Clarke Tucker , a newly elected Democratic state representative . "  The state has changed . " Hillary Clinton moved to Arkansas in 1974 , joining her soon-to-be husband , Bill , who was already a rising political star in the state . The couple would go on to dominate the state 's politics for the better part of two decades and left a long list of confidants -- known as FOBs or Friends of Bill -- in key Democratic positions across the state . But times have changed . Republican power bases in northwest Arkansas have grown , religious conservatives are a powerful voting bloc and the state 's Latino population has yet to become a force at the ballot box . "  Arkansas is a real demographic nightmare for Democrats , " said Andrew Dowdle , the vice chair of political science at the University of Arkansas . "  It is a complete reversal of fortunes . " All of this complicates the idea that Hillary Clinton could win Arkansas in 2016 . During the 2008 primary , Hillary Clinton dominated Obama , winning 70 % of the state , her largest victory during that year 's primary fight . That was the only time she has been on the ballot in the state , however , and was a contest with just Democratic voters . The 2014 exit polls in Arkansas were n't positive for Hillary Clinton , either . Thirty-nine percent of voters said she would make a good president , according to the exit polls . Fifty-six percent said she would not . Those same exit polls found that former GOP Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who is also considering a 2016 run , is seen as a better presidential option in the state than Hillary Clinton . Fifty percent of voters in Arkansas said he would be a good president , compared to 46 % who said he would n't . With the former first lady eyeing another run at the presidency in 2016 , Democrats and Arkansas experts said that while she would easily win the Democratic primary , she would struggle mightily to overcome what has become a changed state . Democrats in Arkansas blame Obama -- not the Clintons -- for their losses . One reason Beebe , the outgoing governor , sees things getting better for Democrats in 2016 and beyond is because "  Obama will be gone . " "  I think it is all Obama , " Beebe said . "  I do n't think there is any question that most folks feel like it was a repudiation of the president and the president 's policies . But I think it is cyclical and the reason I say that is if you look at the history . " "  Democrats are looking at what can she do different from Barack Obama , " said Dowdle . "  If you are a Democratic party activist , you would end up hoping she would win white women . ... That idea that a woman candidate could end up running and making the gap grow is not going to happen . " Exit polls show that Beebe is partly right : Nearly 70 % of voters in Arkansas said they disapprove of Obama . Only 30 % said they were satisfied with him . For Inalasco , 2016 -- and a Hillary Clinton run - is a moment to rebuild . "  I would hope that she would carry Arkansas , " he said , rejecting the idea that Democrats are done in the state . "  But if she runs it is so , so positive for us on the local level , here , for what we can do with her popularity . " As for whether the Clinton magic is gone in Arkansas , Inalasco deferred his answer for two years . "  I guess , " he said , "  we will see what happens in 2016 , wo n't we ? "	Hillary Clinton is the former first lady of Arkansas But Arkansas might not be friendly to Clinton if she runs for president Clinton 's challenge reflects broader political changes in the South
CNN  -- Serena Williams was forced to pull out of the Madrid Open with a thigh injury ahead of her quarter final tie with Petra Kvitova Friday . The withdrawal will come as a blow to the world No. 1 's preparations for the French Open with the year 's second major beginning in two weeks ' time . Williams had been playing with heavy strapping all week , although confirmed she hopes to be able to take part in the Italian Open in Rome next week . "  I have a left thigh injury and , unfortunately , have to withdraw from this year 's Madrid Open , " Williams told the WTA website . "  It happened during my first round match . It started to get better , but most importantly right now , I just need some time to rest and recover . "  I am planning to play in Rome . Fortunately , I have a bye next week so will have an extra day of rest . " Williams has won the title in Madrid for the last two years and used the event as a springboard to take the French Open crown at Roland Garros last May . She added : "  It 's beyond words . It 's so frustrating . We could n't ask for a better tournament and I love it here in Madrid . I love being a champion here . " Elsewhere in the women 's draw , Maria Sharapova overcame world No. 2 Li Na 2-6 , 7-6  7/5  6-3 to reach the semifinals where she will face Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska who defeated surprise package Caroline Garcia 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 . Williams ' withdrawal means the second semifinal will pit Kvitova against No. 4 seed Simona Halep who trumped the in-form Ana Ivanovic 6-2 , 6-2 . Rafa Marches on In the men 's quarterfinals , Rafael Nadal defeated Thomas Berdych of the Czech Republic 6-4 , 6-2 . A tense opening set saw Nadal take the first break in the seventh game with the scores tied at 3-3 . From there the Spaniard never looked back . Nadal broke Berdych again early in the second set and once more with the scores at 4-2 before serving the match out . The home favorite and three-time time Madrid Open champion will now face fellow countryman Roberto Bautista on Saturday after the the world No. 45 beat Santiago Giraldo of Colombia in straight sets 6-3 , 6-4 . The remaining men 's semifinal will see another Spaniard , David Ferrer , take on Japan 's Kei Nishikori after Ferrer defeated Ernests Gulbis 7-6  7/3  6-3 and Nishikori eased past Feliciano Lopez 6-4 , 6-4 .	A thigh injury has forced Serena Williams to withdraw from the Madrid Open The world No. 1 hopes to be fit for Rome Italian Open next weekend Rafael Nadal cruises into men 's semifinal in Madrid
OPRAH.com  -- Personally , I like my pizza deliveryman to do one thing : bring me my dinner . But mention this guy to a group of women , and , while most of us will think of cheesy pies with tomato sauce , a good number of us will conjure up that hilariously bad porn cliché , the randy fellow who 's always ready to accept sex in exchange for a medium sausage and mushroom . Some pornographers are marketing to women . Notwithstanding how lame the cliché is , or how simply bad most porn is  and after ten years as a professional reviewer of the stuff , I can report that much of it is very bad  , the fact is , millions of women use and enjoy "  explicit sexual imagery . " What 's perhaps more surprising , given the latest scientific research , is that more of us do n't . In the first three months of 2007 , according to Nielsen/NetRatings , approximately one in three visitors to adult entertainment Web sites was female ; during the same period , nearly 13 million American women were checking out porn online at least once each month . Theresa Flynt , vice president of marketing for Hustler video , says that women account for 56 percent of business at her company 's video stores . "  And the female audience is increasing , " she adds . "  Women are buying more porn . "  They 're creating more of it , too : Female director Candida Royalle 's hard-core erotic videos , made expressly for women viewers , sell at the rate of approximately 10,000 copies a month .  Watch man fired over porn-star wife " Meanwhile , science is finally buying into the idea that women are at least as stimulated by porn as men . In a 2006 study at McGill University , researchers monitored genital temperature changes to measure sexual arousal and found that , when shown porn clips , men and women alike began displaying arousal within 30 seconds ; men reached maximum arousal in about 11 minutes , women in about 12  a statistically negligible difference , according to the study  . Even more compelling were the results of a 2004 study at Northwestern University that also assessed the effect of porn on genital arousal . Mind you , a copy of "  Buffy the Vampire Layer " and a lubed-up feedback device is n't most girls ' idea of a hot night in . But when the researchers showed gay , lesbian , and straight porn to heterosexual and homosexual women and men , they found that while the men responded more intensely to porn that mirrored their particular gender orientation , the women tended to like it all . Or at least their bodies did . Oprah.com How to feel good naked But that 's the hitch : Even when our bodies respond to what we 're seeing , not every woman feels empowered to enjoy the show . For years we 've been told that we wo n't -- or should n't -- be turned on by porn , end of story , sleep tight . The message has come from all sides -- from conservative Christian organizations  "  Traditionally , women are far more likely to engage in wistful , romantic fantasies than crude scenes of people engaging in sexual acts , " Kathy Gallagher , cofounder of Pure Life Ministries , has written  to the radical feminist Catharine MacKinnon  who says porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rape  . When everyone tells you that what you might be curious about , or even secretly like , is wrong , bad , sleazy , and shameful , you do n't have to cast a line very far to land a set of inhibitions . And , indeed , many a smart , strong , sexually self-reliant girl has popped in a porn DVD and ejected it just as quickly because she saw something that offended her or made her uncomfortable . I 've heard from many women that they do n't like the sense of being "  out of control " they get from watching porn -- that disconnect between how their body is feeling and what their brain is telling them is acceptable . I like to remind these women that porn wo n't make you do anything you did n't already want to do before you pressed Play on the "  Edward Penishands " DVD . Oprah.com : What you still do n't know about sex I 've also heard , plenty of times , that porn degrades women . That argument always makes me wonder about gay male porn , which lots of women appreciate for all its hunky hotties in flagrante . If heterosexual porn degrades women , does gay porn degrade men ? What about porn made by women -- is that degrading , too ? For me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness -- the ridiculous costumes , the awful cinematography , the ludicrous story lines , the terrible acting  not to mention how scary the close-ups sometimes look , how fake the boobs are , how some starlets really sound like injured animals ...  . And yet in my research and experience , the biggest roadblock for women  and men  to enjoying explicit imagery is the fear that they do n't "  stack up " to the bodies and abilities of the people onscreen . Erotic models and actresses bring up a whole range of adequacy issues , from breast size to weight , from what you look like "  down there " to the adult acne we all periodically fight . But it 's worth remembering that if porn performers looked like you and me , they 'd be out of a job . They 're abnormally thin , they get cosmetic surgery literally  and sometimes frightfully  from head to toe , they have makeup in places you 'd be surprised makeup can be applied , they shave and wax everything imaginable , and they 're weirdly flexible . They occupy a tiny end of the gene pool , and that 's why they 're capable of acting out fantasy sex . Oprah.com : 5 secrets of the female orgasm Though I 've sometimes felt that my job as a porn reviewer  for Web sites like FleshBot.com  is akin to being a canary in a bad-taste boys ' club mine shaft , I 've seen a change in quality in the past few years that I think is a direct reflection of the growing female audience . As more discriminating viewers , we 've demanded better porn -- and lo , it is being made . Women are changing the market . Director Maria Beatty 's gorgeously shot movies  all of which feature strictly lesbian action  look like 1920s noir films with sex , but not explicit sex -- just a lot of tease and dreamy outfits and music . And Comstock Films , maker of high-quality , documentary-style , real-couples videos , aggressively markets to women with the simple tagline "  Women love real sex . " So just what do we love about it ? First , the way it lets us satisfy our very normal , very human sexual curiosity . If you 're like me , you 're the kind of woman who 'll peep at Pam Anderson 's new boob job just to see the latest installations . But it 's not just what the bodies look like , it 's what they look like aroused -- and what they can do . Watching people have sex can be fascinating . Porn is also a fun and versatile toy . Sure , I sometimes feel like I need Google Earth to show me where the good porn is , but once I find it , I can figure out what to do with it faster than you can click Zoom In . Explicit sexual imagery is an aphrodisiac ; it sends a direct current buzzing from our brains to our groins . Like a reliable vibrator , it can be a great tool . With porn , women like me get to experiment with making adult choices and trying on new fantasy ideas , just as we might try a different brand of condom for a change . We do n't have to think of rationality and animalistic urges as mutually exclusive . If we desire , we can let them play together like tennis doubles . Porn is one more pleasure to add to life 's sexual buffet , one that can be enjoyed with a partner or alone . And if "  Shaving Ryan 's Privates " winds up giving you more giggles than orgasms , then the only casualty is ... Ryan 's privates . By Violet Blue from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Porn reviewer : For me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness Hustler video exec : Women account for 56 percent of business at company Critic : Porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rape
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- An Australian woman is planning to dive into the ocean off Havana on Friday in her bid to become the first person to swim across the Florida Straits without a shark cage or swim aids such as flippers or a wetsuit . If successful , Penny Palfrey , 49 , would surpass her own record that she set in 2011 for the longest unassisted swim . Palfrey swam more than 67 miles from Little Grand Cayman island to Big Grand Cayman island . Her swim to the Florida Keys will cover a much great section of water , much of it shark-infested . "  She will swim continuously 103 miles or 166 kilometers under standard open-water swimming rules ; that means no wetsuit , no shark cage , " her husband , Chris Palfrey , said Thursday when the couple spoke to reporters . "  There have been other attempts , but no one has completed the swim under these rules . We expect the team to take 40 to 50 hours , " he said . In 1997 , fellow Australian swimmer Susie Maroney completed a similar swim but from inside a shark cage . Golden girl of Australian swimming In 2011 , long-distance swimmer Diana Nyad twice tried and failed to complete the same journey . Nyad was waylaid by asthma attacks and stings from Portuguese man-of-war jellyfish . A lycra suit will provide her some protection from jellyfish , Palfrey said , and long cables called "  shark shields " will be strung from the kayaks and boats around her to ward off larger predators . "  They emit an electric field through the water , which when a shark comes within 5 meters , it picks up the sensors on the snout , but they do n't like it . They swim away , " Palfrey said . Palfrey , who is a mother of three and grandmother of two , said she hopes that swimming in the wake of Tropical Storm Debby will provide her with calm seas . Olympian attempting comeback A crew of 15 , including medical personnel and meteorologists , will shadow her from boats and kayaks . She will try to stay nourished and hydrated by consuming a carbohydrate-rich drink every 30 minutes , she said . Even though she has completed long-distance swims of the English Channel and a round-trip crossing of the Strait of Gibraltar , the waters between Cuba and the United States present their own hazards , she said . "  Each swim comes with its own challenges . This is a really big challenge ; 103 miles is further than I have ever swum before , " Palfrey said . "  I expect it to be very challenging , but I am very excited . "	Australian Penny Palfrey , 49 , will try to swim from Havana , Cuba , to Florida Keys She will make attempt without a shark cage or swim aids such as flippers or a wetsuit A lycra suit will provide her some protection from jellyfish , her husband says A crew of 15 , including medical personnel and meteorologists , will shadow her
MNN.com  -- If your pet suffers from arthritis , prescription medication is n't the only solution . Holistic options such as acupuncture , chiropractic medicine and rehabilitative therapy can reduce the need for medication , while significantly improving your pet 's quality of life . Veterinarians Evelyn Orenbuch and Susan Wynn offer information about greener treatment options for arthritic pets . Keep pets moving "  Just getting the joints to move , a lot of time , decreases the pain and increases joint fluid , " says Orenbuch , a veterinarian certified in chiropractic and canine rehabilitative therapy . At Georgia Veterinary Rehab , her state-of-the-art facility , four-legged patients get laser therapy and massages or undergo low-impact rehab sessions on an underwater treadmill . Treatment options focus on increasing flexibility and strength while decreasing pain . When pets struggle with arthritis , Orenbuch frequently recommends a solution that begins at home : Keep pets active and monitor their weight . It 's no secret that extra pounds add pressure to joints , but fat cells also carry other hidden dangers . "  The more fat you have , the more inflammation you have , " says Orenbuch , president of the American Association of Rehabilitation Veterinarians . "  If you 've got a joint that 's inflamed , even more of the inflammation and inflammatory factors tend to find their way there . " Interactive toys , extended playtime and healthy treats can help your pet drop excess pounds and relieve achy joints . Helping your pet lose weight is an important and inexpensive first step in treating arthritis . MNN : How to help your pet lose weight Consult your vet before making dietary changes As a nutritionist with Georgia Veterinary Specialists , Wynn promotes dietary changes that can improve a pet 's health . But consult a veterinarian before you load up on glucosamine , sardines , fish oil or other foods associated with joint health . Fish oil can be effective , Wynn says , but pets need high doses that could add extra calories . "  When you start to talk about sardines or fish oil , you may be increasing fat in an older dog , which can be a problem , " she says . "  Talk to the vet if you are changing diet at all . No one has reported severe side effects with glucosamine , but talk to the vet about dosages . " Holistic treatments for arthritis also include the use of herbs , which Wynn describes as "  specialized food for very specialized cells . " When treating pets for arthritis , she often prescribes herbs in conjunction with acupuncture . This approach removes the risk of side effects typically associated with anti-inflammatory drugs . "  I will talk about all the options , " she says . "  Acupuncture , herbs , physical therapy and diet changes can help . " MNN : 15 healthy dog treats Ask about new treatment options There 's no shortage of unique options to treat arthritis . Prolotherapy , one of the newest nonsurgical trends in veterinary medicine , involves regular injections of dextrose and other substances , such as lidocaine and vitamin B12 , to stimulate cell growth and strengthen joint tissue . According to Orenbuch , prolotherapy irritates tissues to cause a small amount of scarring , which increases stabilization of an unstable joint . She notes that prolotherapy and rehabilitation also have been used to treat ACL tears in lieu of surgery . "  There have been a few studies here and there that suggest it has an effect on modulating pain , but it 's not often effective alone , " Wynn says , noting that most patients require a multi-faceted approach . "  With an older , 13-year-old dog , I might start two things at once -- maybe herbs for two weeks then acupuncture for two weeks . " Acupuncture involves more than needles The ancient Chinese practice of acupuncture has gained popularity for its ability to enhance healing and pain management , in spite of skepticism about its results . The process involves inserting needles into specific points on the body , releasing the flow of energy and promoting balance . "  Whether you want to go by double-blinded studies or anecdotally , we have all seen enough results to tell you it works , " Orenbuch says . "  We know from Western medicine that a lot of those points are over major nerve centers , and release chemicals that help the body to heal and counteract pain . " Wynn notes that most pets tolerate the procedure without issue -- yes , even cats . Many show improvement a few minutes into the treatment , and sessions can range from five to 30 minutes . Her facility sets a comforting tone for pets during visits by using pheromones or lavender oil to keep them calm during each session . At Georgia Veterinary Rehab , soft lighting and soothing water features set the tone for stress-free acupuncture sessions . MNN : Remembering the dogs of the Titanic It pays to start chiropractic care early Chiropractic care promotes proper alignment of a pet 's musculoskeletal structure through regular adjustments . Orenbuch often combines acupuncture and chiropractic care when treating patients . "  Your goal is to make sure that every joint has full range of motion , " she says , noting that there are seven joints between each vertebra of the spine . "  As long as those are moving properly , then the nerves that come out from the spinal cord are going to be able to function better . " Be honest about your financial situation Holistic options such as acupuncture or rehabilitation can be costly , but most doctors will customize treatment plans to fit your budget as well as your schedule . Be honest about your finances during the initial consultation and ask for more than one option to address your pet 's arthritis . "  If someone comes in with dog that I think needs to come two or three times a week for rehab and they ca n't afford it , then they ca n't afford it , " Orenbuch says . "  Once a week is better than nothing , and then let 's talk about what you can do at home . " Holistic approaches can significantly relieve symptoms of arthritis , but Wynn warns clients to keep expectations in check . "  With a lifelong disease like arthritis , you are not curing it , " she says . "  The length of treatment depends on the severity of the disease and other conditions . " Find a holistic veterinarian near you In addition to referrals from your veterinarian , here are a few options to find a holistic doctor near you : AAVA.org : American Academy of Veterinary Acupuncture AVCAdoctors.com : American Veterinary Chiropractic Association CanineRehabInstitute.com : Canine Rehabilitation Institute Holisticvetlist.com : American Holistic Veterinary Medical Association Rehabvets.org : American Association of Rehabilitative Veterinarians VBMA.org : Veterinary Botanical Medicine Association © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Extra pounds add pressure to joints so keep pets active and monitor their weight Prolotherapy involves regular injections to stimulate cell growth and strengthen joint tissue Holistic options can be costly , but most doctors will customize treatment plans to fit your budget
CNN  -- A Florida exterminator and father of four children adopted from Florida 's foster care system has told police that a body found in the pest-control truck he was driving is one of them -- his 10-year-old daughter , authorities said Wednesday . Jorge Barahona , 53 , already faces a charge of aggravated child abuse for injuries to the dead girl 's twin , Victor , who was also found in the truck , which was parked on the side of I-95 near West Palm Beach , Florida , officials said . According to a probable-cause affidavit filed by the West Palm Beach Police Department , a roadside assistance ranger with the Florida Department of Transportation stopped to check the red Toyota pickup Monday around 5:30 a.m. and found the 10-year-old boy inside next to an open gas can . The boy "  appeared to be in respiratory distress and  was  trembling " and his clothing "  was soaked with an unknown chemical , " the affidavit said . The ranger then found Barahona on the ground beside the truck and called for help . The boy was hospitalized in intensive care with severe burns to his abdomen , upper thighs and buttocks , the affidavit said . While examining the boy , doctors noted he had sustained previous injuries , including a broken collarbone , a broken arm , scarring to his buttocks and lower abdomen , and ligature marks on both wrists , police said . After Barahona and his son were taken to a hospital , a worker decontaminating the truck discovered the body of the girl , wrapped in a plastic bag , the document said . Barahona told police he was distraught over the death of his daughter , and had intended to commit suicide by dousing himself with gasoline and setting himself afire , the affidavit said . Barahona said he did n't go through with his suicide plan because his son was with him , the document added . "  Basically , to paraphrase , he was stating that he placed his daughter in a plastic bag being distraught over her death , " West Palm Beach Police Spokesman Chase Scott told reporters . "  He drove here from South Florida accompanied by his son , Victor . He then pulled off to the side of the road saying that he poured gas on his self , intending to light himself on fire . His son 's head was in his lap and he decided , after giving his son some sleeping pills , that he was n't going to do that . " Barahona told police that he doused himself with gasoline and inadvertently got some on the boy , Police Capt. Mary Olsen said . But , she added , the man 's story does n't add up -- there was no gasoline on the boy . Instead , he was covered with another chemical whose composition had yet to be determined . "  That 's why we 're still treating this as a hazmat  hazardous materials case  , " she said . Scott said the chemicals were so potent that staff caring for the boy at the hospital became ill as well , he said . Victor , who was transferred Wednesday morning to a specialized burn unit at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital , has not been able to talk to investigators because he is on a breathing tube , she said . Olsen said police would decide how to charge Barahona further once the autopsy on his daughter determines her cause of death . Asked whether Barahona has expressed remorse , she said , "  He feels remorse , but we 're not getting consistent statements with what we 're seeing in our evidence . " She added , "  It 's a complex case . " At a hearing Wednesday in Miami attended by Barahona 's wife , Carmen , a judge ordered that the remaining two children in the home be placed in foster care . Florida 's Department of Children and Families had opened a child protection investigation within the past few days to look into a complaint involving the Barahona family , and it was n't the first such complaint , spokesman Mark Riordan said . Reporters in the courtroom Wednesday heard tales of abuse , mainly concerning the twins , from state officials and experts . The caller to the child protection hotline in the latest case reported that the twins were routinely locked in a bathroom for long periods of time and had been bound with tape , the court heard . The story was corroborated by interviews with the other two children in the home , officials said in court . An investigator told the court that she had showed up last Friday night at the family 's home but had not seen the children . Instead , she said , she had left the family 's house after speaking with Carmen Barahona , planning to return on Monday . Asked why she had not planned to return sooner , she said , "  I 'm not allowed to do investigations on a weekend . " However , a spokesman for the department , John Harrell , said it is the job of investigators to follow through immediately or refer to someone else in the department to follow through when a matter is urgent . CNN 's Kim Segal , Shawn Nottingham and John Zarrella contributed to this report	NEW : Barahona charged with aggravated child abuse The couple 's remaining two children have been placed in foster care , court officials said The girl 's body was in a plastic bag , an affidavit said Jorge Barahona 's son is in intensive care , police say
CNN  -- The space shuttle Discovery was waved off from its first chance to land Friday afternoon because of unstable weather near Kennedy Space Center in Florida , NASA said . The space shuttle 's landing in Florida was delayed Thursday , shown . A first attempt Friday was called off , too . The shuttle will make another orbit of Earth , while NASA mission managers watch to see if extreme moisture and lightning threaten a safe landing . The next opportunity to land in Florida would come at 7:23 p.m. ET ; however , Mission Control told the shuttle crew the forecast for that time "  looks about the same . " Crews have been activated at Edwards Air Force Base in California 's Mojave Desert in case NASA decides to land the shuttle there , where the weather is not considered an issue . There are two chances to land Friday evening in California . The space agency , however , usually exhausts all landing windows in Florida before sending the spacecraft to California . A landing on the West Coast adds a week to the turnaround time before the shuttle can be ready for another mission and it costs several million dollars . The landing could be delayed until Saturday when there are two more chances to land in Florida or California . Discovery initially was scheduled to return to Earth on Thursday , but poor weather in central Florida also forced a delay . The seven astronauts are wrapping up a 13-day mission to the international space station , where the crew made repairs and delivered supplies . The crew executed three spacewalks and dropped off a Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill , or Colbert treadmill . It was named after comedian Stephen Colbert . Weather and technical problems delayed Discovery 's launch three times before blastoff .	Landing attempt for space shuttle called off because of bad weather The shuttle may attempt a landing in Florida later Friday Attempts to land on Thursday also were called off because of bad weather NASA is readying crews in the California desert as a backup plan
CNN  -- Up until Sunday , Matt Kuchar had been the PGA Tour 's "  nearly man " this season . But the American golfer ended his run of final-round disappointments in spectacular style at the RBC Heritage tournament in South Carolina , holing a bunker shot at the last to clinch a one-shot victory . The birdie , coming after dropping a shot with a three-putt at the previous hole , earned him the $ 1 million first prize ahead of former world No. 1 Luke Donald , who finished with three pars . For Kuchar , it was redemption -- and relief -- after tying fifth at the Masters , losing a playoff in Houston and placing equal fourth in Texas . With three other top-10 finishes this year , the two-time U.S. Ryder Cup player has moved up to sixth in the world rankings . "  I told my caddy before that last shot , ` I 'm about due to make one of these , ' " said the 35-year-old , who came from four shots behind overnight leader Donald to claim his seventh PGA Tour victory . He closed with seven-under-par 64 to finish at 11-under 273 . Englishman Donald , who had been two ahead after Saturday 's third round , signed for a 69 . He has now finished in the top three for five of the last six years at Hilton Head 's Harbour Town Golf Links . Ben Martin  67  and John Huh  68  tied for third on nine under , with fellow Americans Scott Brown and Brian Stuard equal fifth two shots further back .	Matt Kuchar moves up to third place in PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup rankings The 35-year-old wins his seventh title on U.S. circuit Overnight leader Luke Donald is second after closing with three pars
The most senior Syrian diplomat to defect and publicly embrace his country 's uprising is calling for a foreign military intervention to topple President Bashar al-Assad . He also accused the Damascus regime of collaborating with al Qaeda militants against opponents both in Syria and in neighboring Iraq . "  I support military intervention because I know the nature of this regime , " Nawaf al-Fares told CNN . "  This regime will only go by force . " Until a few days ago , Fares was Syria 's top man in Baghdad . His defection marks a shocking about-face for an official who occupied a critically important post . Until Fares was sent to Iraq in 2008 , Syria had no ambassador stationed in Baghdad for more than 20 years . "  I was at the top of the Syrian regime , " Fares said in his first interview with a U.S.-based TV network since his defection . "  But what happened in the last year during the holy revolution , all of the killing , the massacres , the refugees , and the declaration of war by Bashar al-Assad against the Syrian people , stopped any kind of hope for reform or real change , which had been promised previously by Bashar al-Assad . "  I tried during the last year and a half to convince the regime to change its treatment of the people , " Fares added . "  But I was n't successful , so I decided to join the people . " Opposition calls on Obama to act now Damascus confirmed news of Fares ' defection in a short article published by Syria 's state news agency SANA , which announced that the ambassador had effectively been fired for leaving the Syrian Embassy in Baghdad without official authorization . Prior to his diplomatic assignment in Iraq , Fares served as a provincial governor in different parts of Syria for a decade . He was also a regional boss in Syria 's ruling Baath Party . Photographs on Syrian government websites as well as from Fares ' personal collection show that on more than one occasion , this native of the eastern city of Deir Ezzor reported directly to the Syrian president . In an interview that lasted for nearly two hours in the gilded halls of a luxury hotel in the Qatari capital , Fares laid the blame for large-scale allegations of human rights abuses in Syria squarely at the feet of the country 's president . "  The regime in Syria is a totalitarian regime and a dictatorship . There is only one person who gives the orders : one person who is the president , " Fares said . Iran offers to host talks Syria 's state news agency has maintained that "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the violence , which the United Nations estimates has killed more than 10,000 people since March 2011 . CNN can not independently verify reports from Syria , including Fares ' allegations , because the nation has restricted access by international journalists . Syrian opposition leaders applauded the very public departure of such a high-ranking Syrian official because it clearly embarrasses and weakens the Damascus regime . But they appeared reluctant to invite one of al-Assad 's trusted lieutenants into the ranks of the opposition movement . "  We do n't reject him because we want everyone to quit the ship , " said former Syrian National Council chairman Burhan Ghalioun , who spoke to CNN in the lobby of the same Doha hotel where Fares was staying under Qatari protection . Ghalioun insisted he did not know the former Syrian ambassador was sharing the same quarters . "  But we can not put him in a political position  in the opposition  ... no one will accept Tlas or Fares at the head of the movement , " Ghalioun added . The activist was referring to Gen. Manaf Tlas . Like Fares , Tlas is a Sunni Muslim who once held a high rank in an Alawite-dominated regime . He abandoned the Syrian government and fled into exile just days before Fares ' departure . "  I know General Tlas . ... There is friendship between us , " said Fares . "  But there has been no coordination between me and him in terms of defecting . " Throughout the interview , Fares played down growing sectarian divisions between the ruling Alawite minority and the Sunni majority , who make up much of the current uprising . He also rejected the Syrian government 's common claim that the rebellion is being led by militants from al Qaeda . Instead , he accused Damascus of cooperating closely with al Qaeda militants , ever since the U.S. invasion of neighboring Iraq in 2003 . "  The Syrian regime felt threatened and felt that it , too , might fall , " Fares recalled . "  So they had an agreement with al Qaeda to keep the road open to Iraq . The militants started coming from all over the world through Syria , under the eyes of the Syrian secret police , which are directly responsible for the killing of thousands of Iraqis in Iraq as well as Americans and coalition forces . "  The secret police were encouraging enthusiastic young people in Syria to go for jihad in Iraq and join al Qaeda , " Fares continued . "  Bashar al-Assad and his security forces are directly responsible for the killing of thousands and thousands of Iraqis and coalition forces , because he gave al Qaeda everything it needed . He trained and provided shelter and he built safe havens for them to hide in . " One of these "  safe havens , " Fares said , was the Syrian border village of al Sukariya , near the border city of Abu Kamal . In response to the accusations , a senior U.S. administration official said that Fares ' claims about the Syrian government 's cooperation with al Qaeda during the war in Iraq are "  broadly consistent with our understanding . " "  Since 2003 , al-Assad allowed al Qaeda and associates to facilitate weapons , money and fighters to al Qaeda 's Iraq-based affiliate , setting the conditions for those same elements to shift from Syria-based facilitation to active attacks -- this time focused against the al-Assad regime , " the official said . "  This emerging al Qaeda operational presence in country bolsters our own argument that the sooner al-Assad leaves , the better , " said the official , noting that that the current al Qaeda-linked effort in Syria is small and not representative of either the opposition or the broader population . In October of 2008 , the U.S. government claimed responsibility for a controversial cross-border raid into Syria near Abu Kamal . U.S. officials later told CNN that special forces soldiers and helicopter gunships targeted an Iraqi man named Abu Ghadiya , who they called "  the top facilitator of al Qaeda foreign fighters into Iraq . " At the time , the Syrian government angrily protested the violation of its airspace and what it said was the killing of eight civilians . Four years later , however , Fares claimed the American forces had in fact struck an al Qaeda training camp run by one of al-Assad 's close relatives by marriage . "  This was a hiding place for al-Qaeda on the border with Iraq , and it was under the control of Assif Shawkat , the brother-in-law of the president , " Fares said . "  One hour after the raid , Assif Shawkat was there at the location . A conversation took place between me and him ... and he was angry about the attack made against al Sukariya and he was kind of scared , " Fares recalled . Claims like this , which CNN can not independently confirm , will likely make the former Syrian ambassador a much sought-after asset for Western intelligence agencies , as well as for the Qatari government . Doha has publicly lobbied for arming Syrian rebels against the al-Assad regime . Fares went on to repeat a long-stated Syrian opposition accusation : that the Syrian government is staging al Qaeda-style attacks in Syria as a fear-mongering tactic . The former ambassador was reluctant to explain the details of how he escaped from Baghdad to Doha . He said he timed his departure with the escape of his wife and grown children from Syria . But he had a message to the Syrian president and his former colleagues in the government . "  My former colleagues , I ask them to join the people and leave this corrupt regime . There is still time , " Fares said . "  To Bashar al-Assad , I say you do n't know history . Two wills can not be defeated : the will of God and the will of the people . ... History will curse you for the crimes you committed in Syria . "	A U.S. official says defector 's claims about al Qaeda cooperation are "  consistent " Nawaf al-Fares , former Syrian ambassador to Iraq , is the highest-ranking diplomatic defector "  I tried to convince the regime ... to change its treatment of the people , " he says Syria denies accusations of massacres and attacking civilians
Jinan , China  CNN  -- With the hotel front desk clerk busy checking me in , her co-worker picked up the ringing phone . "  Do we have any foreign journalists staying here ? " she repeated the question being asked at the other end of the phone . "  No , " she replied , before the clerk helping me threw her a look . "  Oh yes , three just got here . " With the local authorities now presumably alerted to our presence , any hope we had of maintaining a low profile at the start of our reporting trip to cover the most anticipated trial in China in recent memory had ended . We arrived in the eastern city of Jinan on Tuesday , two days before the local Intermediate People 's Court was set to try disgraced Communist leader Bo Xilai , who was once tipped to be a future president but now faces charges of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power . Bo 's spectacular downfall -- complete with tales of murder , corruption and betrayal -- triggered the greatest political crisis for the ruling Communist Party in decades . During his trial , the charismatic and controversial politician is expected to make his first public appearance since April 2012 when he was stripped of his top Party posts . Timeline : The Bo Xilai scandal Given the high drama and political stakes , it seems prudent for China 's top leaders to pick one of the country 's blandest cities for the spectacle . Jinan is far away -- more than 780 miles  1,200 kilometers  -- from Chongqing , Bo 's former powerbase , or other places where he had held senior positions . The presiding judge is said to be a tested and reliable official in the eyes of Beijing . Coincidentally , Shandong province -- with Jinan being the capital -- is also home to the ancient sage Confucius , whose philosophy emphasizes respect to authority -- an idea that nervous local officials probably wish "  unruly " foreign journalists would learn quickly . The courthouse sits at the end of a narrow , tree-lined downtown street , surrounded by high-rise apartment buildings . All looked normal and quiet as we exited the car , if not for the dozen soldiers unloading plastic barriers from trucks across the street from the court 's main gate . A press pen was in the making . While our cameraman tested satellite signal strength for potential live shot locations , an official directed us to a nearby hotel , where the government had set up a media center . After going through a metal detector and a hand-wand inspection , we entered the building and reached the first position in what seemed to be an assembly line for the credential application process -- involving passport check , form distribution , information verification , data entry and photo-taking . Five steps later , we were told our press cards would be ready the following afternoon . But officials there did n't seem to know much else about the "  open " trial -- questions about likely courtroom access , live broadcast opportunities or press conferences went unanswered . Almost as soon as the trial date was set last weekend , we had been calling the court trying to apply for a spot inside the courtroom -- only to be kicked around by different departments . As night fell Tuesday , we started live broadcast near a side entrance to the court . A notice posted in the bulletin board by the gate announced Bo 's trial information . Pedestrians stopped to snap photos of the notice with their phones . Meanwhile , I received a text message from human rights activist Chen Guangfu , elder brother of the blind lawyer Chen Guangcheng , who had intended to "  witness " the trial . He said , after he got off the train , state security agents awaiting him at Jinan 's west railway station forced him to return to his home village some 125 miles  200 kilometers  away . Hu Jia , another prominent rights advocate , tweeted that the authorities in Jinan had tightened their grip over all activists ahead of the trial . The day before the trial brought a new excitement and a degree of chaos to the courthouse 's doorstep . Despite a heavy police presence , some Bo admirers -- he retains considerable support in Chongqing and elsewhere in China -- showed up in the morning , along with onlookers and petitioners with various grievances -- all eager to take the rare opportunity to share their stories and opinions with the gathering foreign reporters . "  During Chairman Mao 's time , everyone was equal and we had no corruption -- ` singing red and smashing black ' was achieving that and benefited people , " declared a 66-year-old local resident who only identified herself as Ms. Li , as she referred to Bo 's famous campaign to revive Maoist ideology and crack down on crimes . "  He 's not a god or perfect , but the masses supported him , " she added . "  They ca n't just condemn him to hell -- I want him to have a fair trial . " "  Why bother ? " scoffed 62-year-old retired worker , named Mr. Liu , who stood next to her . "  Bo 's a victim of political struggles . " "  You think he actually believed in this ` singing red and smashing black ' stuff ? It was all for appearance 's sake , " he continued and turned sarcastic . "  We ordinary people should just feel happy to be fed and clothed , and watch whatever news they put on TV . " As the crowd grew larger and louder , the police decided to intervene , shooing off the speakers for disrupting traffic and ordering reporters to stay inside the designated media zone across the street . But an elderly petitioner 's cry for help briefly caused new commotion . Wearing a paper headband with the character "  wronged " written on it , the woman kept yelling at policemen who were dragging her away in front of news cameras : "  I 'm 80 years old and have a heart condition -- stop pushing me ! " The atmosphere among the assembled press was just as excitable -- at one point a number of reporters rushed to the city 's west railway station as a rumor circulated that a train carrying Bo would be arriving . By late afternoon , a legion of newly accredited journalists -- almost all from overseas media as most domestic outlets are barred from covering politically sensitive events -- had settled in . Some journalists questioned whether a day spent running around in the summer heat to cover a trial where the outcome is all but certain was really worth it . The conviction rate for first - and second-instance criminal trials in China -- where the Party controls the police , prosecution and courts -- stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report cited the Supreme People 's Court as saying . The only "  unknown " in the Bo case seems to be the sentencing . After a long day of stakeout and live reports , we finally headed back to the hotel two blocks away from the court . As we walked into the Hyatt Regency Jinan , part of a sprawling mixed-use development , I was reminded by the sign that the hotel 's Chinese name is Jinan Wanda Hyatt -- a nod to the property 's owner , the Dalian-based Wanda Group . The real estate conglomerate -- headed by China 's richest man -- saw its business take off in the 1990s , propelled by land deals with the local government when Bo was mayor of the coastal city in northeastern China . Wanda is not implicated in the Bo case , but it seems -- despite the top leaders ' best efforts to choose a "  neutral " location for the trial -- Bo 's shadow looms large even in Jinan .	Bo Xilai set to be tried at the local Intermediate People 's Court in Jinan Former political star faces charges of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power Jinan is far away -- more than 780 miles -- from Chongqing , Bo 's former powerbase It will be Bo 's first public appearance since April 2012 when he was stripped of his posts
CNN  -- I was out roaming the streets of east London with a group of friends back in 2007 when we stumbled across this sweaty hipster club tucked between an old church and a bank . It was n't a very large space , holding maybe a couple of hundred people , but what it lacked in size was more than made up in the energy coming from the predominantly white , eclectic crowd on the dance floor . The music was a continuous flow of everything from '80s house music to current hip hop and I had just enough beers in me to join the raucous crowd in singing the words of each song at the top of my lungs . From Inner City 's "  Big Fun " to House of Pain 's "  Jump Around , " it seemed with each track , the crowd grew louder and louder . Then Kanye West 's "  Gold Digger " came on . For those of you who do n't remember the chorus , allow me to refresh your memory : "  Now I ai n't sayin ' she 's a gold digger But she ai n't messin ' with no broke niggas " I 've never sobered up so quickly before in my life . There I was , one of maybe a handful of black people in a crowded , dark room with hundreds of drunk white people yelling the N-word . Now obviously I never felt I was in any real danger . And even as the crowd repeated the word over and over and over again , not once did I think anyone around me meant anything malicious by it . Still , I became angry ... I just was n't sure at whom . I thought , "  What is it with white people and that word ? " But then I also had to ask myself , "  What is it with black people and that word ? " After all , at least on that night , Kanye was the one who brought it up . Last week Dr. Laura Schlessinger used the word repeatedly on her radio show in a discussion with a caller . The knee jerk reaction to her rant is to demand she be fired . That was also the response to Don Imus ' on-air racial slur back in 2007 , and Rush Limbaugh 's racially charged comment in 2003 , and of course who can forget Jimmy The Greek for sort of getting the ball rolling in 1988 . I believe Schlessinger and the others deserve the repercussions their actions have drawn , but I am frustrated that as a nation we continue to interpret the censure of such people as progress while ignoring some of the uncomfortable truths nestled inside their racist diatribes . It is in dissecting these uncomfortable truths that we get to the actual social progress , not with the cosmetic firings that make us all feel better for a moment . For example , I know there is a contingent of black people who claim our usage of the N-word is done so affectionately that 's why it 's OK for us to use it and not whites . I do n't believe it 's OK for anyone to use the word because of its undeniable link to one of the country 's most brutal and disgusting periods . It was a word used to intimidate and belittle . Any attempt to alter its meaning through some warped sense of exclusivity is not only misguided , but disrespectful to the blood of both blacks and whites that was spilled in the name of racial equality . Yes , between friends it could hold a different connotation . But I would argue there is very little affection in Kanye using the word in a song , and that our continual injection of the word into pop culture is not only hypocritical but unintentionally gives white hipsters in London , Sydney , New York or any other city where a song like "  Gold Digger " can be heard , permission to say it . The substantive question , the one that could lead to a better understanding , is n't who is saying the N-word , but why . Now , if a white person said something like that , they could be labeled a racist . Me ? Someone out there is calling me an Uncle Tom right now . And it 's this sophomoric labeling that keeps us locked in a hamster wheel . It 's hard for me to believe that Schlessinger 's remarks were rooted in a genuine yearning to promote honest dialogue about race -- more like a belligerent attempt to shock , likely out of her own frustrations . How could a white person who has been in media as long as she has be ignorant of the ramifications of uttering the N-word on air ? But she was right about one thing : Culturally neither blacks nor whites have the courage to talk honestly across color lines . We still act as if "  colorblindness " can be achieved without addressing the nuances of race in a country with a complicated history such as ours . So , politically we coin euphemisms like "  inner city " and "  real Americans " as if no one knows what 's really being said . We draw lines in the sand on topics such as the N-word and we 're quick to assign harsh names to anyone who tries to cross that line , because bullying is much easier than listening . I know , I know , we have a black president , that 's got to mean something , right ? Yes , it does . But also keep in mind the nation has also seen a dramatic increase in hate group membership and we have a new political movement with racist organizers woven into the early stages of its fabric since the election of that black president . This language is n't helping . There is still a lot of work to be done and quite frankly the rebuke of Schlessinger does very little in addressing that work . Just as dismissing Imus , Limbaugh et al has done little . Public gaffes like these need to move beyond reactionary name-calling and firings and toward the kind of conversations that can only happen when we remove the muzzle of fear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says he was at a club of mainly white people singing along to hip hop music He was shocked when they all began shouting the n-word along with Kanye West song "  What is it with white people and that word ? " he asks , but then notes that Kanye brought it up Writer : Word too freighted and hurtful to be tossed around by Dr. Laura or anyone else
CNN  -- Gabby Douglas winning the all-around gymnastics gold medal in London is over-the-top significant on so many levels . It 's not only that she won the top prize in a dramatic and thrilling competition last week , featuring the top Russian gymnasts . More important is the powerful message Gabby is sending to young girls and women , especially those who are African-American , about doing what it takes to make your dreams happen . Young people need to reach for spectacular goals . This is not a message we hear often enough , and that is why is it so important . Monday may have been not quite as golden a day for Gabby -- she placed eighth in the women 's uneven bars final -- but the audience did not seem at all disappointed in her performance ; there was anticipation and excitement just to see her compete again . And it did nothing to diminish what she has accomplished ; with her all-around victory Thursday , she created one of those iconic Olympic moments that will endure the test of time . Gabby became the best in her sport in front of the world , and was unapologetic about doing what it took to get her there . Her family 's sacrifice , and the trust her mother showed in her daughter 's goals , could be a lesson to parents and children everywhere . The story of an African-American single mom and her daughter reaching for greatness , and succeeding , will resonate with a whole new generation . I have been an elite athlete , coached an Olympic gymnast and since 1994 have provided free and low-cost gymnastics to over 10,000 young people in Harlem . I know the challenges of gymnastics , especially for minority families . Top-level gymnastics takes an incredible sacrifice from an athlete and her family in endless practice time , constant travel and lots of money . The fact that Gabby chose at age 14 to move halfway across the country to achieve her goal is a testament to her drive . It was a remarkable decision : According to research by the Women 's Sports Foundation , by age 14 , girls are dropping out of sports at twice the rate of boys . Gabby has become a key role model who may help reverse this trend . It is important to not focus on the possible ways to make money from sport . It did not work that way for Gabby Douglas ; the appeal of the journey to greatness was already there and it can not be underestimated . The reasons to participate in sport and fitness and the benefits ca n't be measured by dollars , unless you count how much it is costing this country to support a generation of overweight , unhealthy , unmotivated and unprepared-for-the-world young people . Yes , we need Gabby . Let 's face it , you can not take your eyes off her . When she is competing , her gymnastics is exciting . When she is being interviewed , her energy , love of her family , her sport and her faith together make a compelling impression . This is an exciting time for women 's gymnastics . But it is an even more exciting time for young girls -- all the girls who now have Gabby to look up to . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Hilliard .	Wendy Hilliard : Gabby Douglas gold medal for all-around gymnastics is highly significant She says it sends a powerful message to young girls that they can seek spectacular goals She -- and her single mom -- showed the world she was willing to sacrifice to get there Hilliard : By 14 , girls drop sports at twice rate of boys . Gabby 's example could change that
Reactions to the drowning of nearly 400 migrants in the seas off Lampedusa and Malta earlier this month demonstrate three important reasons why Europe will not resolve its immigration crisis any time soon . First , the polarization of public , media , and political reaction has been striking . For some these were humanitarian tragedies , made all the more harrowing by dramatic language about divers ` unpacking a wall of bodies ' in a trawler 's hull , and the Mediterranean becoming a "  watery graveyard . " For others in contrast they represent a failure of border security that jeopardizes the integrity of the EU and is a harbinger for mass uncontrolled migration . INFOGRAPHIC : How illegal immigrants enter the EU The policy responses that flow from these conclusions are equally divided . There is a strong case to strengthen border controls . But an equally convincing argument is that more restrictive policies will only narrow options for desperate people and drive more of them into the arms of migrant smugglers and traffickers . The former is clearly the predominant view among most policy-makers in Europe . Friday 's Summit of the European Council in Brussels , while acknowledging the need to provide more development aid to some of the countries migrants are leaving , has mainly emphasized stepping up surveillance and sea patrols through the EU 's Frontex border patrol agency . But experience around the world demonstrates that border control is not a silver bullet . A portfolio of policies is required to reduce irregular migration , certainly including border control , but combined with addressing the root causes of conflict and poverty , combating smuggling and trafficking , effective migration management and return , and the regulation of labor markets . Second , the capsizing has also exposed deep divides within the European Union . Countries on the front-line -- especially Cyprus , Greece , Italy , Malta , and Spain -- are calling for the rest of Europe to share out the burden of asylum seekers and irregular migrants who arrive there by sea , by relocating some of them at least temporarily . But this challenges a fundamental EU law , the Dublin Regulation , which determines that dealing with asylum requests is the responsibility of the first EU state through which asylum seekers pass . And countries like France , Germany , and the UK , point out that they already receive the lion 's share of asylum applications in Europe . As a result they have indicated a willingness to support capacity-building in states on the southern periphery , and to provide them limited financial assistance , but not to accept more migrants . OPINION : Europe 's immigration nightmare just beginning In the absence of a coordinated EU approach , migrants -- and their smugglers -- will continue to target countries like Greece , Italy , and Spain as entry points ; they will remain clandestine even if they may have a strong asylum claim ; they will continue to work in the informal labor market or turn to crime to survive ; and their rights will not be recognized or respected . Third , the response to Lampedusa in particular could be described as an over-reaction in this sense : At least 1,500 people drowned or went missing while attempting to reach Europe via the Mediterranean in 2011 , according to the U.N. . The only unusual aspect is that large numbers died in the same incident in Lampedusa , and that they drowned close to European shores . In other words while a one-off event has attracted attention , the systemic problem has been largely ignored . Now that the funerals have taken place the deaths are fading from view , and the issue has become quickly sidelined . OPINION : EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize Indeed the Brussels Summit has put off policy decisions on immigration to the forthcoming December 2013 and June 2014 Summits . The reasons are clear . Immigration has become a toxic political issue ; especially as high levels of unemployment and the economic crisis have fuelled a growing anti-immigration sentiment across Europe . The downside of making policy on immigration in this environment strongly outweighs the upside . There is no political space to promote liberal policies on migration ; while politicians at least behind closed doors know that restrictive policies are unlikely to work . On Friday Italian authorities reported that they have intercepted as many as 800 migrants on three separate boats in the Mediterranean . OPINION : What 's the place of outsiders in Europe ? An acute crisis in Eritrea , from where many of those who drowned earlier this month and have been intercepted since came ; combines with chronic instability and poverty in many sub-Saharan African countries , unpredictable transitions in North Africa , and the unfolding Syrian disaster , to translate into growing pressure on Europe 's borders . In the not-too-distant future Afghanistan 's transition is likely to push even more people towards Europe . And in the longer term disparities in development , demography , and democracy , as well as the effects of climate change , will drive still more migrants into Europe . In the absence of a reasoned debate , a comprehensive policy response , a coordinated EU approach , and the political courage to confront irregular migration , Europe 's immigration nightmare has only just begun .	Deaths of more than 300 migrants near Italy in early October put immigration in spotlight Tragedy has exposed deep divisions among EU leaders about how to prevent next disaster Front-line countries want EU counterparts to bear greater burden of asylum seekers
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A longtime employee and vault manager for a jewelry company in Long Island City , New York , stole millions of dollars worth of gold and gold jewelry from her employer over a six-year span , the Queens district attorney has alleged . Teresa Tambunting , 50 , of Scarsdale , New York , is accused of stealing as much as $ 12 million from Jacmel Jewelry , Queens District Attorney Richard Brown said in a statement Wednesday . At an arraignment Wednesday , she did not enter a plea to charges of first-degree grand larceny and first-degree criminal possession of stolen property , the district attorney 's office said . She was released on $ 100,000 bail and will return to court May 19 , the office said . Her attorney , David Kirby , did not return phone calls seeking comment . Tambunting , who worked for Jacmel for 28 years , has returned about $ 7 million worth of gold , but $ 4 million remains missing , according to Brown . "  The defendant is accused of establishing a virtual mining operation in Long Island City which siphoned off millions of dollars ' worth of the precious metal from her employer , " Brown said . Police say Tambunting -- whose job responsibilities involved monitoring the vault in which fine gold , finished products and raw materials were stored -- confessed that for several months last year , she hid gold in makeshift slits in her purse . An inventory in January revealed that as much as $ 12 million in merchandise was missing , Brown said in the written statement . After an investigation , Tambunting arrived at the jewelry company 's offices wheeling a suitcase containing about 66 pounds of gold , an estimated $ 868,000 , the district attorney 's office said . In February , about 450 pounds of gold was taken from her residence , the office said . Tambunting became vault manager in 1991 , the office said . The dates of the alleged thefts were not immediately clear . The value of the gold returned fluctuates because of the rise and fall of gold prices . However , the charges are based on what Jacmel claims it lost : $ 3 to $ 12 million , according to the Queens district attorney . Jewelry manufacturer owners often find themselves in precarious circumstances when protecting their companies from thievery , said Benjamin Mark , who owned a jewelry manufacturing company in New York for 20 years . "  Unless you have metal detectors where every single employee removes their shoes and belts , you ca n't be certain , " said Mark , who now operates a one-man business . "  Stealing jewelry is relatively simple . " Jacmel Jewelry is one of the country 's largest manufacturers and distributors of popular price jewelry , according to its Web site . It employs more than 1,000 people worldwide , according to its president , Jack Rahmey . Rahmey said he is cooperating with authorities . Tambunting faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted .	Vault manager worked for Jacmel Jewelry for 28 years Authorities say she confessed to hiding gold in her purse District attorney says she 's returned about $ 7 million in gold She could get 25 years in prison if convicted
CNN  -- What makes a classic dive bar ? Is it the sticky floors or the peanut shells ? The killer juke box ? The heady aroma of stale beer and the haze of a million cigarettes ?  In some states , anyway . These are all things that are worth debating , and we welcome you to disagree with the picks below . The definition we decided on includes decades of history and everything from octogenarian bartenders and surly bouncers to pooping chickens and giggling ghosts . Most of all , these are neighborhood standbys , the places you go because you know what you 're going to get , and more importantly , what you 're not going to get . Like website marketing or a Facebook site , which is why you wo n't see a lot of links below . Dirty fun guide to Wanchai , Hong Kong bars Everyone has a different level of tolerance when it comes to dives . But if genuine character is what you seek , then these nine neighborhood joints wo n't disappoint . Jimmy 's Corner , New York Years before the Disneyfication of Times Square , owner and former boxer Jimmy Glenn was slinging $ 4 beers and swapping fighting tales at this New York institution . He still does today , in his 80s . The jukebox is a time warp , too : Frank Sinatra , Duke Ellington , Count Basie and Nat King Cole reign supreme . Listen long enough and you 'll become a regular . Jimmy 's Corner , 140 W. 44th St. , New York ; + 1 212 221 9510 ; open daily 10 a.m.-4 a.m. 100 margarita ! America 's most expensive cocktails Ginny 's Little Longhorn Saloon , Austin , Texas Nothing says Texas like a live country band and a game of Chicken S -- Bingo . Every Sunday proprietor Ginny Kalmbach plops a chicken down on a plywood bingo board . If the bird poops on your number , you win the money in the pot -- plenty for a healthy round of $ 2 Lone Stars . The scene might appear a little rough , but the patrons are affable and accustomed to following Ginny 's posted rules : "  No Cussin ' , No Fussin ' , No Hasslin ' , No Wrasslin ' ! " Ginny 's Little Longhorn Saloon , 5434 Burnet Road , Austin , Texas ; + 1 512 458 1813 ; Tuesday 5 p.m.-midnight , Wednesday-Saturday 5 p.m.-1 a.m. , Sunday 2-8 p.m. Zeitgeist , San Francisco It 's hipsters and yuppies versus bike messengers and Harley bros at this San Francisco beer haven with more than 40 brews on tap . The bloody Mary is praised as the best in the city , if you can manage to grab the attention of an ornery and well-inked bartender . Did n't get what you ordered ? Do not under any circumstances complain . Just drink it and like it . The outdoor beer garden with picnic tables makes all that gruffness worth it . Although the garden 's infamous portable toilets have been replaced with real restrooms , the Zeitgeist still maintains plenty of gritty charm . Zeitgeist , 199 Valencia St. , San Francisco ; + 1 415 255 7505 ; open daily 9 a.m.-2 a.m. Business travelers guide to surviving a Korean drinking session Ms. Mae 's , New Orleans Ms. Mae  Florence Bingham  passed away in 2012 , but her spirit endures at this smoke-filled , 24-hour bar where the well drinks are a whopping $ 2  $ 3 for doubles  . Where else in New Orleans  or the United States  can you keep two people entertained all night for less than $ 20 ? Curious characters abound , but the bartenders are fast and  mostly  friendly , assuming you do n't cause a major ruckus . If you do , there 's a police station across the street . Ms. Mae 's , 4336 Magazine St. , New Orleans ; + 1 504 218 8035 ; open daily America 's new sandwich heroes Rose 's Lounge , Chicago Corner bars are ubiquitous in Chicago . The regulars at each spot argue that their neighborhood dive is the best in town . But not every corner bar feels like drinking in your grandmother 's basement . Rose , who 's been running the joint since the late 1970s , can usually be found sitting next to a cluster of ancient tchotchkes under a string of drooping , colored lights . None of the decades-old furniture matches , the jukebox selection is limited and the Old Style is two bucks . Rose 's Lounge , 2656 N. Lincoln Ave. , Chicago ; + 1 773 327 4000 ; open daily 2 p.m.-2 a.m. Earnestine & Hazel 's , Memphis Do n't mind the haunted jukebox that plays whatever it wants , whenever it wants or the two ghosts who like to wander the hallway . The friendly apparitions are just Earnestine and Hazel , two sisters who ran this former dry goods store and brothel a million years ago . Upstairs you can explore the dimly lit old brothel -- remnants include a rusty refrigerator , discarded pinball machine and clawfoot tub . Keep heading down the hall and you 'll find Nate , an elderly gentleman who serves cheap drinks and shares plenty of local history . Downstairs you can order a famous "  soul burger . " Earnestine & Hazel 's , 531 S. Main St. , Memphis ; + 1 901 523 9754 ; Monday-Friday and Sunday 11 a.m.-2 a.m. , Saturday 11 a.m.-3 a.m. Best free bar snacks in the U.S. Frolic Room , Los Angeles LA Weekly crowned the Frolic Room the city 's best dive in 2012 , and few would argue with the bar 's legendary status . Charles Bukowski , the prolific poet and novelist whose favorite subject was the City of Angels , drank here often . His portrait hangs above the cash register . Bartenders donning suits add a touch of class to the place , but not enough to disqualify the Frolic Room as a true Hollywood dive . The embedded grime dates to the 1930s . Frolic Room , 6245 Hollywood Blvd. , Los Angeles , + 1 323 462 5890 ; open daily 11 a.m.-2 a.m. Mac 's Club Deuce , Miami Beach Not many bars boast a happy hour from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. , but the Deuce is one of them , where drinks are two for one for 11 hours . The neon lights outside scream Miami , the black-tiled floors inside scream , "  We have n't been waxed since 1926 ! " and these characteristics appear to be celebrity bait : Keith Richards and Cameron Diaz have been spotted here . Kate Moss was reportedly once denied entry at the door . No one gets special treatment . Mac 's Club Deuce , 222 14th St. , Miami Beach ; + 1 305 531 6200 ; open daily 8 a.m.-5 a.m. America 's best small town comebacks Pinkie Master 's Lounge , Savannah Legend has it that Jimmy Carter , a friend of Pinkie 's , stood on the bar and announced his run for the presidency here , and this haunt still draws politicians , as well as art students and aged regulars . Faded rebel flags and political memorabilia adorn the walls and the stiff gin cocktails and cold PBR tall boys are as cheap as ever , $ 3.50 and $ 2 respectively . There 's also free Tabasco popcorn . Pinkie Master 's Lounge , 318 Drayton St. , Savannah ; + 1 912 238 0447 ; Monday-Saturday 5 p.m.-3 a.m.	Ginny 's Little Longhorn Saloon offers winnings if their chicken leaves something special on your lucky bingo number Enjoy an outdoor barbecue overlooking Portland at Skyline Tavern , but bring your own meat Occasional celebrity spotting happens at Mac 's Club Deuce , Miami Beach 's "  all day happy hour " bar
CNN  -- The lab mishaps at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are having "  broad impacts , " compromising care for patients with diseases like tuberculosis and chikungunya and potentially slowing work overseas on Ebola and MERS , according to a CDC official . Multiple improprieties -- including transporting dangerous materials in Ziploc bags and sending a live sample of bird flu to a low-security lab -- prompted CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden last week to instruct his highest-security labs to stop transferring out biological materials . The transfer moratorium means laboratories around the world can no longer depend on the CDC to help them diagnose unusual diseases such as drug-resistant tuberculosis , Middle East respiratory syndrome , Rocky Mountain spotted fever and typhus , said Michael Shaw , deputy director of the CDC 's office of infectious diseases . "  The CDC is one of the only places that can diagnose these diseases , " Shaw said . Hardest hit , health experts say , may be TB patients . Because of the transfer moratorium , some patients have been unable to find out what type of TB they have . That means their doctors do n't know which antibiotic to prescribe , according to Kelly Wroblewski , director of infectious disease programs at the Association of Public Health Laboratories . "  The moratorium was the absolute right thing to do ; you 've got to triple-check all your procedures , " said Scott Becker , executive director of the association . "  But if this goes on for another week , we 're going to have even more problems . " The CDC is one of only three public health labs in the United States that can do quick testing on drug-resistant tuberculosis specimens to see which antibiotic might work the best . The other two , in California and New York , might be able to handle some of the overflow , Wroblewski said . The CDC will also be turning away about 100 samples per week that need to be checked for chikungunya , a mosquito-borne disease that 's risen to record levels in Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands and other parts of the Caribbean , according to Shaw . Doctors in the area have been sending specimens to the CDC to help diagnose the disease , which often has the same symptoms as dengue fever or malaria . Without answers , doctors on the ground will have difficulty knowing how to treat their patients and whether they need to isolate them from other people , Shaw said . The CDC has also stopped a mosquito surveillance program in Gulf Coast states aimed at detecting whether infected bugs are bringing the disease to the continental U.S. State labs in the United States also rely on materials from the CDC to test substances such as white powders that are suspicious for bioterrorism . The labs have enough materials to last a while but at some point will run out . Internationally , labs that are working on the Ebola crisis in Africa and on Middle East respiratory syndrome might see their work slowed down because of the CDC lab situation . Those international labs depend on materials from the CDC to do their work . Shaw said they also currently have enough but might run out soon . The 22 CDC labs under the moratorium are in Atlanta ; Anchorage ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; and Fort Collins , Colorado . The moratorium will be removed lab by lab as each one can prove that it can operate safely again , and some of the CDC labs might be able to transport materials in a few days , but others might not not be fully operational for months , Shaw said . "  We should n't and we wo n't be doing this work unless we can do it in a safe way , " he added . "  As soon as each lab can document that policies and procedures and validated protocols are in place , they can resume transporting materials . "	Improprieties lead director to instruct labs to stop transferring out biological materials Highest-security labs can no longer send out material The ban means other labs can no longer get the CDC 's help
CNN  -- A 49-year-old Nevada man grew up believing he was kidnapped from the hospital as a day-old baby and was returned at age 2 to his parents in Chicago , months after being found abandoned in a stroller in New Jersey . The FBI closed the case : The toddler looked like the missing newborn . The audacious kidnapping -- by a woman dressing as nurse who told the mother to hand over her infant because the doctor needed to examine him -- was a sensational crime nearly a half-century ago . But now the life of Paul Joseph Fronczak has taken another extraordinary turn , he told CNN affiliate KLAS . After taking a home DNA test , Fronczak said , he discovered he was n't the missing baby . The FBI has reopened the case to tackle the questions of what happened to the real kidnapped baby and who Fronczak is , exactly , he told KLAS . "  I do n't know how old I am , or who I am , or what nationality , all those things you just take for granted , " he said . "  The FBI decided that because my ears matched the Fronczak baby that I was probably the Fronczak baby . " On Thursday , Fronczak told CNN he 's optimistic about a resolution . Wrote Fronczak : "  I believe that we will solve these 2 tragic mysteries . I feel we are one step closer to solving this , and one step closer to a happy ending ! " He declined to comment further . He told the Las Vegas station the furor surrounding the 1964 investigation "  was huge . " "  My parents had letters from the pope , letters from people all over the country . It was a huge case , " he said . "  My parents got really frustrated because they had reporters hanging outside their windows , climbing telephone poles , taking pictures of them at church , following them all over the place . " Federal investigators in Chicago hope modern technology will help solve the 1964 case , said FBI special agent Joan Hyde . The FBI has a destruction schedule for old files , and agents were happy that the case file was n't on that schedule , she said . "  We were n't sure if it was still around , but we were pleased to find it did exist , " Hyde told CNN . Hyde declined to comment when asked if the agency felt any embarrassment about the reversal in the case . No one was ever charged in the 1964 kidnapping . "  They conducted a thorough and complete investigation when it originally occurred , and we 'll do that again , " Hyde said . "  We now have technology and tests that we did n't have then , and we 're hoping this time around we 'll get that piece of information that will help us solve this case , either from evidence or witnesses . " Fronczak 's parents , who are still alive , are cooperating with the FBI , but agents are concerned whether their DNA would yield any matches in DNA databases , Hyde said . "  If we take hair or fiber or DNA from the victim 's side of the crime , we have to get to the other side of it to compare it to -- to find the persons who did the kidnapping , " Hyde said . Maybe new witnesses will come forward almost a half century later , Hyde added . With the FBI 's mandatory retirement age of 57 for agents , the original Chicago FBI investigators would no longer be with the agency , she said . Today 's investigators will concentrate on who was the kidnapper -- and not on what is Fronczak 's real identity , Hyde said . "  Our focus is on the crime that occurred , the kidnapping , " Hyde said . "  If in the course of the investigation we have information that will assist him in that , that will be an added benefit . " The reinvestigation of such a crime 49 years later is rare , she conceded . "  There are always cold cases , " she said . But when talking about reopening a 1964 baby abduction case , she remarked , "  It 's unusual . It 's certainly unusual . " Fronczak , who lives in Henderson , Nevada , with his wife , Michelle , and daughter , Emma , said his name was Scott McKinley when he was found abandoned in 1965 at age 14 months . The people who became his parents , Dora and Chester Fronczak of the Chicago area , were able to take possession of him in June 1966 under the belief that the boy was indeed their child , KLAS reported . The Fronczaks adopted and renamed the boy , taking him into their Chicago home . But as he grew older , Fronczak developed a hunch he did n't fit into the family . He did n't look like his Polish and Croatian parents , who did n't reveal much about the kidnapping , he said . Last year , Fronczak bought a home DNA kit and took a swabbing from his parents while they were visiting from Chicago . A week later , the results of the test ruled out his being the biological son of Dora and Chester Fronczak , he said . The DNA technician told him that "  there is no remote way that you are the Fronczaks ' baby , " he said . "  I thought , ` Wow . ' " He revealed his story to KLAS just before what was supposed to be his 49th birthday in April . At the time , he said , he did n't even tell his adoptive parents what he learned because it was too agonizing . The Chicago office of the FBI is now investigating the dual mystery of the kidnapped Fronczak baby and the abandoned Scott McKinley , with assistance from the agency 's Las Vegas office , the TV station said . The original kidnapper in the Fronczak case was never found . Neither Fronczak nor the FBI returned CNN 's calls for comment Thursday . Since obtaining the DNA findings , Fronczak submitted the results to Ancestry.com , a genealogy tracing company . Based on his DNA , Fronczak is discovering blood relatives : he 's found a third cousin , KLAS reported . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I believe that we will solve these 2 tragic mysteries , " Fronczak texts CNN NEW : FBI pledges "  a thorough and complete investigation " into 1964 baby kidnapping Paul Joseph Fronczak , now 49 , tells KLAS he was n't the kidnapped Chicago baby Fronczak wonders "  how old I am , or who I am , or what nationality "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is ready to talk even on Republicans ' terms , he insisted Tuesday , so long as Congress acts first to end the government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling -- even for a short period . At a news conference , Obama indicated Republicans could essentially set the agenda for budget negotiations , but only if Congress agrees first to a short-term spending plan to fund the government and to raise the federal borrowing limit to avoid a possible first-ever U.S. default next week . "  I will talk about anything , " the president said . House Speaker John Boehner , speaking Tuesday afternoon after what he called a "  pleasant " but ineffectual phone call with Obama , promptly rejected the president 's comments as nothing new . "  What the president said today was if there 's unconditional surrender by Republicans , he 'll sit down and talk to us , " Boehner said . "  That 's not the way our government works . " At the same time , Boehner said he 's "  hopeful " top Republicans and Democrats could soon begin a "  conversation . " "  There 's going to be a negotiation here , " the Ohio Republican said . "  We ca n't raise the debt ceiling without doing something about what 's driving it to borrow more money and live beyond our means . " Yet while Boehner did n't indicate any points of agreement , a senior House Republican told CNN 's Dana Bash that GOP members may be willing to go for a short-term debt ceiling hike -- lasting four to six weeks -- as long as the president agrees negotiations will occur during that time . Still , it 's no guarantee such a measure would be supported by a majority of Republicans : something that Boehner has traditionally required before calling any vote in the House . A second GOP source says the White House drawing a line in the sand not to negotiate has further complicated matters . Republican leaders have talked , though , to CEOs who called them at the request of Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and senior presidential adviser Valerie Jarrett . And if there 's no breakthrough ? The partial government shutdown -- which began October 1 , after the GOP-led House tied its funding measures to dismantling or defunding Obama 's signature health care reform rather -- continues . Plus , another crisis looms October 17 , when the Treasury Department says the U.S. government must raise the amount of money it can borrow or else be unable to pay its bills . All the partisan bickering -- and lack of progress -- is taking its toll not just on furloughed workers , shuttered government facilities and programs , but also Americans confidence in their government . Looking directly in the camera , Obama acknowledged frustrations with what 's going in Washington -- in terms of the current impasse and all the other budgetary battles preceding it . "  We 've got to stop repeating this pattern , " the president said . "  I apologize you have to go through this stuff every three months , it seems like . And Lord knows , I 'm tired of it . But at some point we 've got to break these habits . " Boehner : Ca n't afford to keep spending without cuts While the partial government shutdown is now in its second week , next week 's deadline to raise the debt ceiling has many experts especially worried . Failure to act , they say , could lead to the government defaulting on its debt , spook Wall Street , spur higher interest rates and have other negative effects on the U.S. and global economy . "  If there was a problem lifting the debt ceiling , it could well be what is now a recovery would turn into a recession or even worse , " said Olivier Blanchard , an International Monetary Fund economist . On Tuesday , Obama sternly warned that "  every American could see their 401  k  s and home values fall " and the country would see a "  very significant risk " of a deep recession . The only responsible action , he repeated : raise the debt ceiling , without preconditions . "  We 're not going to pay ransom for " America paying its bills , he told reporters , placing the blame squarely on House Republicans . "  Let 's lift these threats from our families and our businesses and let 's get down to work . " In his remarks Tuesday afternoon , Boehner did n't appear to give ground either . The president 's refusal to talk -- until the government reopens and the debt ceiling is hiked -- is "  not sustainable , " according to Boehner . "  The idea that we should continue to spend money that we do n't have and give the bill to my kids and grandkids would be wrong , " he said . Shutdown day 8 : What you need to know GOP-led House , Democratic-led Senate offer plans Boehner and conservative Republicans want to leverage the situation to wring concessions on deficit reduction from Democrats . To keep up pressure , House Republicans voted Tuesday to set up negotiations on the debt limit and other fiscal issues . Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma , a GOP leader in the House , said such a negotiating committee with members of both parties could pass a short-term extension of the debt ceiling while doing its work . "  I suspect we can work out some mechanism to raise the debt ceiling while negotiations are under way , " Cole said . "  But we 're not going to simply raise it without talking about the deficit , " Cole said . It was unclear if his description would satisfy Obama 's insistence that the debt ceiling increase must be separate from political negotiations . Yet Senate Democrats have dismissed the proposal , and the Obama administration has vowed to veto any such . Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York called these other GOP offers the latest in a series of "  new gimmicks " that avoid the imminent need to fully reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling . In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid and Sen. Max Baucus filed a proposal Tuesday to raise the debt ceiling without addressing any deficit reduction issues demanded by Republicans . The plan would address the debt ceiling issue through December 31 , 2014 -- past the next congressional elections . Most Republicans would shy away from a bill that does n't specify spending cuts or other policy changes in return for the increased borrowing authority . Yet Democrats are hopeful some Republicans would vote across the aisle to prevent the potentially catastrophic economic repercussions of a default . If Senate Republicans require all the time-consuming steps available to them to delay action on the debt ceiling measure , a final vote might not take place until two days before the deadline for raising the borrowing limit , the Democratic aide said . Debt ceiling debate : Preaching to the choir Shutdown furloughs about to hit nuclear safety agency GOP to hold up back pay for furloughed workers Debt ceiling ` like the smoke alarm ' Such a Senate measure could increase pressure on the GOP-controlled House to do the same . Yet Republican House leaders have made clear they 'll insist on concessions from Democrats before agreeing to raise the $ 16.7 trillion debt limit . "  The debt ceiling is there for a purpose . It 's like the smoke alarm , " said House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling , R-Texas . "  Democrats want to unplug the smoke alarm , and Republicans want to go out and fight the fire . " Boehner has insisted a deal to raise the debt ceiling must include deficit reduction steps to lower costs of entitlement programs such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security . However , he and fellow Republicans have moved away from the demand of the tea party conservative wing of his caucus targeting the president 's signature Affordable Care Act passed by Democrats in 2010 and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Rep. Tom Cole said , while any final deal must include repealing a tax on medical devices that 's part of Obamacare , efforts otherwise to tie budget negotiations to the health care law appear dead . "  I think it 's been overtaken by the debt ceiling , " he said . Cruz : Use debt ceiling as leverage Hagel : Most civilian Defense workers can return this week On the shutdown , Obama and Democrats say the House would pass a Senate-approved spending plan to end it if Boehner allowed a vote . A CNN survey indicates that -- with 18 Republicans joining all 200 Democrats -- a slim majority in the House would support such a move . But Boehner wo n't allow such a vote , Cole said . "  He basically said we 're going to have a negotiation , " the Oklahoma Republican said . Poll : Most angry at both parties While the two parties blame each other in Washington , outside the capital few get off easy . Shutdown forecast : Week two and clouds ahead In a national poll released Monday , most respondents said the government shutdown was causing a crisis or major problems for the country . The CNN/ORC International survey indicated that slightly more people were angry at Republicans than Democrats or Obama for the shutdown , though both sides took a hit . According to the poll conducted over the weekend , 63 % of respondents said they were angry at the Republicans for the way they have handled the shutdown , while 57 % expressed anger at Democrats and 53 % at Obama . "  It looks like there is more than enough blame to go around , and both parties are being hurt by the shutdown , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Will 2014 election solve anything ? Boehner demands cuts for debt limit increase CNN 's Ted Barrett , Greg Botelho , Dana Bash and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : Democratic senators propose debt ceiling hike through 2014 Obama : "  I will talk about anything " after debt ceiling hike , government reopens Boehner says there will be no "  unconditional surrender " by Republicans Expert : Not raising the debt ceiling could lead to recession , worse
Walter Dean Myers , a beloved author of children 's books , died on Tuesday following a brief illness , according to the Children 's Book Council . He was 76 . Myers 's career spanned over 45 years , during which he wrote more than 100 books . Some of his best-known work includes "  Monster , " a fictional 1999 account of an African-American teenager on trial for a felony murder in New York , and "  Fallen Angels , " a 1988 novel about the Vietnam War . Myers was born in West Virginia but spent much of his teenage life in Harlem . He frequently set his fiction in there , including a picture book titled Harlem . He was also a staunch advocate for diversity in children 's literature , arguing for a wider array of representation in a March opinion piece in the New York Times . "  My favorite quote from Walter is a clarion call to embrace the power of books to inform and transform our lives -- he said , ` Once I began to read , I began to exist , " Richard Robinson , Chairman , President and CEO , Scholastic Inc. said in a statement . "  He will be missed by us all . " Myers published two Newbery Honor Books , three National Book Award Finalists , and six Coretta Scott King Award/Honor-winning books . In 2012 , he was appointed the National Ambassador for Young People 's Literature and served a two-year tenure in the position . Myers lived in Jersey City , New Jersey . He is survived by his wife and his two sons . Myers ' thoughts on diversity in young adult literature People we 've lost in 2014	Myers was a beloved children 's book author He is best-known for the novels "  Monster " and "  Fallen Angels " He has written multiple honor-winning books
New York  CNN  -- The Indian diplomat whose arrest and strip search in New York City ignited a diplomatic spat between nations has filed a motion seeking the dismissal of the charges , her attorney said Wednesday . The diplomat , Devyani Khobragade , left the U.S. last week amid federal charges that she lied on a visa application for her housekeeper . A dismissal of the charges against her would allow her to reenter the United States , where her husband and two daughters reside , said her attorney , Daniel Arshack . A hearing is set for January 31 . A motion filed in federal court Tuesday asked that the case be thrown out , saying the court "  does not have jurisdiction over the Defendant due to the Defendant 's diplomatic status which provides her absolute immunity from criminal prosecution in the United States . "  Because Dr. Khobragade was cloaked in diplomatic immunity at the time of her arrest on December 12 , 2013 , as well as the time of the filing of the subsequent indictment on January 9 , 2014  on which she was not re-arrested or arraigned  , she can not be prosecuted thus necessitating a dismissal of the indictment and proceeding , " the motion said . U.S. prosecutors accused Khobragade of lying in a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper . She was indicted last week by a federal grand jury on one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements . The Indian government denied a request by the State Department to waive Khobragade 's diplomatic immunity so she can answer the charges , U.S. and Indian officials said . The immunity was granted after her controversial arrest . Khobragade arrived at the New Delhi airport Friday , according to an Indian official who was not authorized to speak to the media . Khobragade told CNN , through an intermediary , that the charges against her "  are false and baseless . " "  I look forward to demonstrating that to all of you , " she said through the intermediary . Khobragade "  affirmed her determination to ensure that the episode would not leave a lasting impact on her family , in particular , her children , who are still in the United States , " the Indian Ministry of External Affairs said . New Delhi is demanding that Washington apologize and have the charges dropped . Amid the tensions over the case , the United States announced that it will withdraw one official from its embassy in New Delhi . Federal prosecutors allege Khobragade promised in the visa application , under which her housekeeper moved from India to the United States , to pay her at least the minimum wage in New York , and to require she work no more than 40 hours per week . They allege that Khobragade then had the housekeeper , Sangeeta Richard , sign a second contract , which set her pay far below the minimum wage and required that she work much longer hours . "  I would like to tell other domestic workers who are suffering as I did -- you have rights and do not let anyone exploit you , " Richard said in a statement released Thursday . Mix of Cold War legacy and politics ? Diplomatic status Khobragade 's lawyers have repeatedly said the diplomat is not guilty and is entitled to diplomatic immunity . Khobragade "  did not make any false statements and she paid her domestic worker what she was entitled to be paid , " her attorney said . Richard fled the diplomat 's home last summer , and Khobragade started legal proceedings against her and her husband in the Indian courts . Richard has been granted permission to remain in the United States . Arshack , Khobragade 's attorney , said the diplomat and her legal team were pleased that the State Department had done "  the right thing " Thursday by recognizing her diplomatic status . U.S. officials had previously said Khobragade was entitled to consular immunity , which is less broad than diplomatic immunity and covers only actions carried out under official duties . Khobragade was India 's deputy consul general for political , economic , commercial and women 's affairs . But after her arrest , Indian officials appointed her as counselor at the country 's permanent mission to the United Nations in New York . Through that post , she was accorded "  the privileges and immunities of a diplomatic envoy , " the ministry said . Two senior U.S. officials said that the State Department had no choice but to grant Khobragade full diplomatic immunity once she was accredited to the United Nations because she did not pose a national security threat , which is the only reason for which , in very rare cases , immunity is denied . When India refused the U.S. request to waive the immunity so that she could face the charges against her , she had to leave the country , the officials said . Debate : Arrest , strip-search of Indian diplomat ` barbaric ? ' Arrest and search India has expressed outrage about the arrest of Khobragade , who was handcuffed and strip-searched by federal agents on December 12 after a complaint filed by Richard . Some observers have suggested that Indian officials ' protests and repeated demands for an apology are driven by political concerns . Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " about the situation last month , but stopped short of saying authorities had done anything wrong . U.S. law enforcement officials have said that Khobragade 's strip search was standard procedure and that she received a number of privileges not usually accorded to defendants . During the spat , Indian authorities removed concrete barriers from outside the U.S. Embassy and took away American diplomats ' identification cards . That was followed recently by an order that the United States shut down "  commercial activities " at a recreational facility at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . The U.S. Embassy should halt the activities at the property by Thursday , an Indian external affairs official said last week . The property houses a bowling alley , swimming pool and gym . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Devyani Khobragade returned India last week She was indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements The former deputy consul general was strip-searched after her arrest
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke has called for unity between football 's governing body and local organizers as the countdown to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil continues , following tensions over preparations for the tournament . Valcke was in Rio to mark 100 days to go until the Confederations Cup , an event which serves as a test run ahead of football 's four-yearly showpiece event . During his tour of the country , Valcke was accompanied by organizing committee members Bebeto and Ronaldo , two former Brazilian national team stars who tasted World Cup victory . Romario , a teammate of Bebeto 's during Brazil 's 1994 triumph , was named President of the Brazilian Tourism & Sports Commission on Wednesday . The former striker has been a firm a critic of Valcke in the past after the Frenchman condemned Brazil 's World Cup preparations . The criticism led to calls for Valcke to be removed from proceedings , but he insists the situation has been resolved . "  I just wish him all the best , " Valcke told CNN . "  I hope in his position he will support  us  . "  I know that sometimes he has hard words on FIFA , on the World Cup , on different people , but at least I hope that he will support and is supporting the World Cup as a sporting event . " The South American country 's preparations for its second World Cup -- and first in more than 60 years -- have been beset by problems . Brazilian Football Federation president Ricardo Teixeira stood down in March 2012 amid allegations of corruption , while concerns have been raised over whether stadia will be ready on time . Particular scrutiny is being paid to the construction of the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro , which hosted the final the last time Brazil staged the World Cup in 1950 and is due to reopen with a match against England on June 2 . The eight-nation Confederations Cup , which pits continental champions against each other , will be held in the cities of Rio , Belo Horizonte , Recife , Brasilia , Fortaleza and Salvador from June 15-30 . "  It 's like when you 're expecting a baby to come , " Valcke told CNN . "  It is 100 days so you are a bit more nervous than you are at the beginning of the process . "  The Confederations Cup is not the same event as the World Cup . The World Cup is a bigger event than the Confederations Cup . What we have to agree and what we have to make sure of is ... we have more than enough time to test the stadium , to use the stadium , and to have a stadium ready for the Confederations Cup . "  It 's very tight , that 's a point -- 100 days is nothing . " Next year 's World Cup marks the start of a landmark couple of years for Brazilian sport , with Rio hosting the 2016 Olympic Games .	Jerome Valcke says there is enough time for Brazil to prepare for Confederations Cup June tournament serves as a test run for 2014 World Cup , also in Brazil The Confederations Cup will begin in exactly 100 days FIFA official hopes his critics will rally to make sure Brazil is prepared
CNN  -- A Las Vegas art coordinator 's planned charity sale of serial killer John Wayne Gacy 's paintings is under fire from the very crime victims group that is supposed to benefit from the proceeds . The National Center for Victims of Crime is demanding that its name not be associated with the exhibit , entitled "  Multiples : The Artwork of John Wayne Gacy , " saying it did not agree to be a beneficiary of the sale . In a written statement Thursday to CNN affiliate KTNV , the crime victims group said it sent a cease-and-desist letter to the gallery owner . Since word spread that Gacy 's work would be displayed at the Arts Factory beginning this month through September , the event has been surprisingly controversial in a city where very little surprises . Westly Myles , the owner of the Arts Factory , said he opted to coordinate the show because he believed Gacy 's work would provoke discussion and provide financial help to those who have been hurt by crime . "  People can think what they like , I see it as an opportunity to help from something that was bad , " Myles said . Gacy was convicted of raping and killing 33 boys and young men during a six-year span that culminated with his capture in 1978 . Most of his victims were buried in and around his home . He was dubbed "  the Killer Clown " because he often performed as "  Pogo the Clown " at events for children . While awaiting execution , Gacy began painting . After his execution in 1994 , his attorney auctioned off his artwork . Some of it was purchased and destroyed in a bonfire attended by 300 people , including some family members of Gacy 's victims . Gacy 's paintings have often generated controversy in galleries across the nation . "  Multiples : The Artwork of John Wayne Gacy , " is meant to reflect the multiple aspects of his life , according to johnwaynegacyart.com , a website set up to promote the show . "  We are familiar with multiple aspects of Gacy 's story . He worked multiple jobs , lived multiple lives and committed multiple crimes , " the site said . "  What we are unfamiliar with is the art Gacy created while awaiting execution : multiple paintings . " Seventy-four pieces will be put up for sale at the Las Vegas exhibition . They include pencil drawings and audio recordings , and paintings of skulls , clowns and the seven dwarves from the Snow White fairy tale . Included among the collection is an oil painting entitled "  Dahmer Skull , " which is price at $ 2,000 and was inspired by serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer . But perhaps the most controversial piece is a self-portrait entitled "  Goodbye Pogos " listed at $ 4,500 . Gacy reportedly gave these portraits to "  close pen-pals at the end of his life , " according the website . Also for sale , according to the site , are reproduction and merchandising rights to Gacy 's artwork . Myles said the proceeds would be divided evenly among the charities . If the crime victims group does n't want the money , Myles said he would find another organization to donate the proceeds . Meanwhile , two other organizations named as beneficiaries of the sale say they are reconsidering accepting the money . . "  I think anyone would be pretty creeped out by it , " Anne Mulford , the board president of the Contemporary Arts Center , told KTNV . The Contemporary Arts Center , a nonprofit gallery , is among those to receive monies from the sale . "  I 'll just be honest with you , that 's how I feel , I do n't want to see the art , " Mulford said .	Exhibit coordinator : "  I see it as an opportunity to help from something that was bad " The exhibit of John Wayne Gacy 's artwork includes a painting of Jeffrey Dahmer 's skull Gacy created the 74 pieces of art while he was on death row awaiting execution Among the paintings expected to be displayed is a self-portrait that Gacy gave to pen-pals
CNN  -- Despite what his past and current on-screen personas might suggest , in person , actor Michael Kenneth Williams is extremely cordial and not at all criminal-minded . Williams is probably best known for his role as gay stick-up boy Omar Little on HBO 's "  The Wire " and currently plays bootlegger Chalky White on "  Boardwalk Empire . " And while the actor is set to play Wu-Tang Clan member Ol' Dirty Bastard in a forthcoming film about the rapper , Williams is most excited about his new role as an executive producer . "  When I saw this on YouTube , I had no idea what I was watching . I was like , are the feds going to run up in here and ask me what I know ?! It was that eerie , " the Brooklyn-born Williams said of his latest project , the independent film "  Snow on tha Bluff , " which will be released on DVD June 19 . In what Williams calls " ` The Blair Witch Project ' meets the hood , " "  Snow on tha Bluff " documents real-life stick-up boy Curtis Snow . Snow 's robberies of rival dealers , gunfights and life in the West Atlanta neighborhood known as "  tha Bluff " are all documented via handheld camera footage , leaving viewers to guess what is and is n't real . Williams caught wind of the film via a trailer that leaked on Twitter . From there , Williams reached out the director , asked to be an executive producer and offered to do what he could to promote the film and tell Snow 's story , which he got to know more of when they met in tha Bluff . The film is being released via Williams ' new production company , Freedome Productions . While Snow was quick to get caught up in the hype of Williams ' characters , the latter made clear it 's not his fictional accounts that deserve credit ; it 's the real-life people who inspire them . "  I said , ' I commend you . I get paid to be you , what you really are , ' " Williams said . "  He did n't make excuses for who and what he was , and it kind of reminded me in a weird sense of Omar . " Among fans  counted among that group is President Barack Obama  , Omar Little has been dubbed the best character on "  The Wire " and is the role Williams is probably best known for . Williams also said playing the fearless , drug-dealer-robbing and seemingly invincible Omar actually put him in a dark place . "  Everybody loved Omar . Everybody respected him . I did n't have that growing up . I had issues , " Williams admitted . "  When I got this unconditional love from everybody and people perceived me as not caring what you thought about me , that felt good even though it was not real . It cost me . " Williams said he also dealt with his own "  racism " with "  The Wire , " especially when the first season with a predominantly black cast was followed with a second season with more white characters . He took his concerns to the show 's creator , David Simon . "  I got real bitter and angry , " he said of his initial response . "  I was like , ` Yo , what 's up with that ? That 's kind of corny . ' He was like , ` Trust me , if we would have went right back into the hood in season two , it would have made your world seem so small . ' " After his chat with Simon , Williams said , he realized the show was more of a portrait of America 's social breakdown , not just black America . From there , Williams knew he wanted to tell more stories like those in and around West Baltimore , where the "  The Wire " was filmed . Williams does believe race may have played into why neither he nor the show ever won a Primetime Emmy during his five successful seasons . "  I do n't think Hollywood was ready to have that many young black actors running around with statues in the town , " he said , noting that the lack of a statue ca n't come close to the career opportunities he 's been provided , thanks to the show 's success . With that success has been the ability to help bring awareness to the real people behind "  Snow on tha Bluff " and the chance to bring a real human element to the story of Ol' Dirty Bastard in film "  Dirty White Boy . " One of the most successful and notorious personalities of the legendary hip-hop collective the Wu-Tang Clan , Ol' Dirty Bastard lived a story of music , drugs and violence , which came to a sad conclusion with the rapper 's death from an accidental drug overdose in November 2004 . In his first leading role in a major film , Williams is set to play the iconic artist in the last two years of his life , as seen through the eyes of his manager , Jarred Weisfeld , a former VH1 intern . Like the man himself , the movie about Ol' Dirty Bastard 's life has been fodder for debate over everything from the title to the subject matter . Williams ' focus is portraying the truth about the man behind the music . "  He was n't held up in no crack house . He was n't on no bender . He died in a recording studio . It was just a very unfortunate accident how he lost his life , " said Williams , who did most of his research for the role by spending time with the late rapper 's mother . "  She did n't make any excuses for ` Rusty , ' as she calls him . But she let you know , when he died , he was n't on a suicide mission . He was very excited about his future . The things he struggled with personally -- outside of the business -- that could 've been anybody . I want people to walk away with an identity to his story . " From Snow to Omar to Ol' Dirty Bastard , Williams believes he has found his calling . "  I feel like I 've been given an opportunity to paint people that society would deem as ` the gangster , ' ` the thug , ' as a human being with raw emotions , " he said . "  I 'm being given chance to be a voice for a people that do n't get a voice . "	Michael Kenneth Williams is stepping behind the camera as producer of a new film He is best known for his iconic portrayal of Omar Little on "  The Wire " His new project , "  Snow on tha Bluff , " is " ` The Blair Witch Project ' meets the hood " Williams will next appear as rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard in a forthcoming film
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Police were searching Tuesday for a gun used in the fatal shooting of a top regional politician , killed in a brazen attack in broad daylight that has shaken Spain . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy went to the northern city of Leon to attend the funeral of the politician , Isabel Carrasco , 59 , who had held various regional posts in Rajoy 's ruling conservative Popular Party . Officials say two women , a mother , 55 , and her daughter , 35 , were arrested soon after the shooting Monday in Leon , and the suspected motive is revenge . The daughter was let go in 2011 from a provincial government office headed by the slain politician , and she recently had pay disputes with the office while working as an outside contractor , officials said . In addition , the two suspects are the wife and daughter of a senior national police officer in the small nearby city of Astorga . He told investigators that he was in possession of his police-issued firearm , and it was not thought to have been used in the shooting , officials said . Carrasco was walking on a pedestrian footbridge around 5 p.m. local time when shot . She collapsed and died at the scene . Other people were in the area , including a retired national police officer , who helped lead police quickly to the suspects , who had fled , and by some accounts , threw the gun into the river below . The search for the gun includes the river and other areas , officials said . Tests on the hands of the two suspects have not revealed who may have fired the weapon . Officials did not immediately say what caliber or type it was . Carrasco was walking to the Popular Party 's provincial headquarters and was due to attend a campaign rally that day for the European Union parliamentary elections on May 25 . Campaigning across Spain for that election was suspended Monday and the only face-to-face debate between the conservative and opposition Socialist Party candidates was postponed from its scheduled time on Tuesday evening . Firearms are difficult to obtain legally in Spain , and fatal shootings are uncommon . In the northwest town of Vilagarcia de Arousa , a Socialist councilman was forced to resign late Monday after posting a comment to her Facebook page regarding the death of Carrasco that was widely deemed inappropriate , a town spokeswoman said .	Popular Party politician Isabel Carrasco , 59 , was shot and killed Monday in Leon Officials say a mother and her daughter were arrested soon after the shooting Suspected motive is revenge ; the daughter had been fired and had pay disputes , officials say Tests on the hands of the two suspects have not revealed who may have fired the weapon
Sydney , Australia  CNN  Indonesia has announced that death row inmates and ringleaders of the Bali Nine drug smuggling ring , Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , will be transferred from Kerokoban prison . It 's the first step in their last walk to the firing squad . The two -- who were convicted of a failed attempt to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005 -- are now more than likely to be taken out to a field on Nusakambangan , a prison island off central Java , and shot dead . Besides the horror of the death penalty -- something Australia only dispensed of in 1967 -- there is so much unnecessary tragedy in this case . Some of it rests on the shoulders of the Australian Federal Police  AFP  , who tipped off the Indonesian police after receiving information from a worried father of one of the duo 's mules . Some rests on the own shoulders of the men , who made one terrible , foolish mistake while young . However , a lot of it also rests with Indonesia and its President Joko Widodo , whose cruel lack of compromise and desire to clear out the prisons has seen him categorically turn down any chance of clemency -- even though this potentially flouts Indonesian law . Widodo has said he will deny clemency for all drug offenders . Indonesian legal teams are now scrambling a submission to the administrative court , arguing that the president ca n't deny clemency for all drug cases , but must consider each case individually . Widodo is also following the lead of the Indonesian public , which in the main believes in the death penalty . Of course , this is in stark contrast to the work Indonesia does to get its own citizens off death row around the world . The president 's hard-line stance is n't just about trying to win some breathing space with an electorate , which in the vast majority is disappointed with his presidency . He may be also trying to distract them from ongoing corruption scandals , the persistence of cronyism and his inability to break free from the shackles of his political benefactor Megawati Sukarnoputri . Most significantly though , Widodo has announced a war on drugs , which he sees as devastating the nation . The drug "  crisis " is described by Widodo as a "  national emergency . " According to the president , 4.5 million Indonesians need to be rehabilitated from illicit or illegal drug use , and 40 to 50 young people die from drugs a day . This data has shown to be based on questionable statistics . Even so , it tempers much of Widodo 's thinking on the need for rehabilitation . And here 's where another perspective on rehabilitation comes in . In Chan and Sukumaran , dubbed the pastor and the painter respectively , the president not only has clear examples of rehabilitation , but effective tools for combating the scourge of drug smuggling in his own country and rehabilitating those of his citizens most in need This is in part due to the characteristics and qualities of the Indonesian prison system . Let 's just say that the two were , with the rest of the Bali Nine , allowed to board flights for Australia and nabbed by the Australian Federal Police instead of Indonesia 's National Police . Serving up to 10 years in an Australian prison , would they have been reformed ? With a recidivism rate of over 50 % and the sterile security conditions that commonly lead to psychological distress and not change , probably not . That might lead one to assume that something about their time in Kerobokan prison contributed to their reformation , something they would more than likely not have experienced here in Australia . What can be learned from this hypothesis ? Chan and Sukumaran 's experiences show genuine clear signs of rehabilitation . So how could this rehabilitation occur in Kerobokan prison , which is claimed to be a "  hell hole " ? By default and not by design , prisons like Kerobokan share many positive aspects that are often overlooked by contemporary prison reformists . As Indonesian corrections do n't have the resources to care or provide for inmates , the inmates take it upon themselves to fund and run their own rehabilitation programs . There is also more buy in from NGOs who also support the inmate programs and the amazing support structures that are created by inmates in prisons in developing countries like Indonesia and the Philippines . These include their own businesses to support themselves and family , which keep them occupied and sometimes away from criminal pursuits . In the end , in some cases , the prison community becomes a natural environment for rehabilitation . A study on recidivism in Indonesia may paint a more accurate picture as precise figures are hard to come by . Of course , corruption , criminality and drug running remain very real issues . Chan and Sukumaran demonstrate a clear sense of remorse and with it the chance of redemption . If rehabilitated returning fighters can be used to help dissuade and can be used to help other young men from making the same mistake , why ca n't convicted and remorseful drug smugglers do the same ? Beyond how unpalatable the notion may be to many , this is yet another reason why it is a real shame the two will be executed -- here are clear examples of successful rehabilitation that should be held high with pride by the Indonesian government , not shot down in history . Instead , their execution could potentially dampen other inmates ' enthusiasm to reform or change in Indonesia . In all prisons , hope is critical for moral and rehabilitation , especially in under-resourced prisons where conditions are harsh . In this case , as with many more , the death penalty is no silver bullet solution , and in fact hits terribly wide of the mark . There is no conclusive evidence that the death penalty has any real deterrence value . These two men , who fully admit they made an awful error judgement in while their early 20s , offer a glimpse on how Widodo 's war on drugs can be won without having to lose more lives -- without having to fire a single shot .	Two Australians are days away from being executed on drugs charges in Indonesia Calls for clemency ignored by Indonesian President Joko Widodo Authors : Widodo 's war on drugs can be won "  without having to fire a single shot "
CNN  -- Some players might not have wanted too much court time in their first match back after a layoff , but Novak Djokovic did n't appear to mind being pushed to the limits by Gael Monfils at the Rogers Cup in Toronto . The world No. 1 , who was playing for the first time since winning Wimbledon last month , was taken all the way by the Frenchman in their second-round match before eventually prevailing 6-2 6-7  7-4  7-6  7-2  in two hours 41 minutes . "  In a way it was fun , of course , and entertaining to be part of this match , " Djokovic said , the ATP Tour official website reported . "  I enjoyed it . I tried to take the positives from this long match , and those are obviously the fact that I stayed over two and a half hours on the court and I have not played an official hard-court match since the Miami final . "  That helps obviously to play a little bit more , to feel the court , to feel the conditions . " Djokovic has now won all 10 of his meetings with Monfils and will face another Frenchman , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the third round . Tsonga will be the fresher of the two after seeing off his countryman Jeremy Chardy 7-6  8/6  6-4 in one hour and 37 minutes . Djokovic has a 13-5 head-to-head record against Tsonga and has won their last nine meetings , most recently in the fourth round at Wimbledon . But he is still wary of the threat posed by the 13th seed . "  My next opponent has a very similar game , power game like Gael 's , " Djokovic said . "  I 'm not feeling tired , I 'm not exhausted , I have n't played a tournament for four weeks . I of course look forward to compete more . " Djokovic was joined in the third round by two-time Rogers Cup winner Andy Murray , who crushed Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios 6-2 6-2 in less than an hour to set up a clash with France 's Richard Gasquet . Wimbledon semifinalist Grigor Dimitrov was taken to three sets by American Donald Young before progressing to a clash with Spanish 17th seed Tommy Robredo . Last year 's losing finalist Milos Raonic kept home hopes alive by overcoming young American Jack Sock 4-6 7-6  7-2  7-6  7-4  after two hours and 24 minutes . Canada 's world No. 6 , who won his sixth ATP Tour title in Washington last weekend , will next play French veteran Julien Benneteau . Fourth seed Tomas Berdych and No. 5 David Ferrer also went through , while Marin Cilic set up a meeting with Wimbledon finalist Roger Federer -- who is seeking to add to his 2004 and 2006 Rogers Cup titles . Serena eases into third round Meanwhile in Montreal , world No. 1 Serena Williams was in ominous form in her second-round Rogers Cup match against Sam Stosur . The defending champion blew away the Australian in straight sets 6-0 6-2 in just under an hour to set up a meeting with Czech Lucie Safarova , who overcame Magdalena Rybarikova 6-4 , 6-2 . "  It feels great to be here , " Williams said , speaking in French , the WTA 's official website reported . "  I thought I played well tonight . She 's won a Grand Slam title and she 's a really good player , so it was important for me to play well . "  I love it here and I want to thank everyone for coming out tonight . " Serena 's sister Venus is also safely through to the next round after beating Yulia Putintseva of Kazakhstan 6-3 6-2 . She will next play Angelique Kerber , who was beaten by Serena in the Stanford final on Sunday . Fourth seed Maria Sharapova went through to round three despite losing the first set against 27th-ranked Garbine Muguruza , and the Russian will next play another SPaniard in Carla Suarez-Navarro . Second seed and 2012 Rogers Cup winner Petra Kvitova also progressed with a 6-3 6-2 win over Casey Dellacqua , and the two-time Wimbledon champion next plays Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova . But No. 9 seed Ana Ivanovic is out after losing 6-7  9-7  7-6  9-7  6-4 to America 's Coco Vandeweghe , who earned a clash with another Serbian , former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic . Australian Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova was also knocked out , going down in three sets 2-6 7-6  7-3  6-7  5-7  to Britain 's Heather Watson , who will now play two-time grand slam winner Victoria Azarenka . Read more : Bouchard suffers hometown defeat	World No. 1 playing in first match since winning Wimbledon Djokovic 's three-set win sets up meeting with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga Serena Williams through to third round at WTA event in Montreal Defending champion a straight-sets winner over Sam Stosur
CNN  -- Twelve months ago , Nigeria 's President Goodluck Jonathan gave his people a bizarre New Year present : he announced the immediate removal of fuel subsidies . The controversial measure meant that , quite suddenly , citizens were to pay as much as three times the usual price for gasoline . Nigerians were outraged . They filled the nation 's streets in protest . The coalition was broad : young and old , female and male , poor and  some  rich . Their action , often spontaneous but orchestrated by labor leaders , amounted to a fierce rebuke to Jonathan 's administration . The government 's unilateral decision was a recipe for new levels of extreme hardship for the poor , taxed already by low wages , ballooning unemployment , a high cost of living , shambling infrastructure -- and the Olympian greed of the elite class . The protesters quickly adopted the banner of "  Occupy Nigeria . " They were animated by a global movement of activists standing up against what they saw as economic exploitation and corruption perpetrated by Western governments , often with the tacit encouragement of powerful corporations . However , "  Occupy Nigeria " was different from other "  Occupy " movements . There was a good reason for this . Nigeria 's activist voice had gone silent for too long . The country 's streets had not felt the pounding of mass protests since the mid-90s , when a coalition of student activists , labor leaders , political activists , lawyers , doctors , academics , artisans and other civil society groups meshed into a powerful pro-democracy movement to drive the military from power . In fact , last January 's "  Occupy Nigeria " protests were largely heralded and led by young people who were born in the early and mid-90s -- a generation that has come to view and use social media as its primary means of activism , social mores and political empowerment . In January 2012 , that mass movement put the bloated Nigerian government in the crosshairs . It 's believed to be Nigeria 's biggest ever national mass protest . Apart from its sheer size , the movement managed to endure for days and weeks . And , in some ways , it set some impressive , unthinkable marks . For instance , some considered it unimaginable that Nigerians  often portrayed as too "  happy , " too timid and cowardly , too polarized along ethno-religious lines  would unite behind a common cause . Also , it was unthinkable that a mass uprising would start from the nation 's capital of Abuja , considered a fortress of the ruling interests . Yet , an intrepid former legislator , Dino Melaye , sparked the protests with a petition drive that ignited a nationwide uprising . See also : Why Nigerians are no longer content with ` suffering and smiling ' In a country factionalized along ethnic and religious lines , the movement defied all odds . In Lagos , for example , a radical fiery Christian preacher , Tunde Bakare of the Save Nigeria Group , anchored the protests . In Kaduna , the protests were led by Shehu Sani , a veteran activist and Muslim of the Civil Rights Congress . His religious faith did n't faze young Christian protesters determined to fight for their rights . In some parts of the country , the protests seemed far less organized . It was difficult to determine who was in charge in of them . There was also another novel aspect of the movement . Nigerians across the world also joined the protests to a degree never-before seen . In rally after rally , in the United States , the United Kingdom , Europe and Asia , they made their voices heard . In New York City , Nigerians staged four different actions . The most dramatic was a showdown with a Nigerian minister sent by the Jonathan administration to calm the tempers of Nigerians who felt justifiably insulted by the ill-advised removal of oil subsidies . Her so-called "  Town Hall " meeting at a five-star hotel in Manhattan was effectively shut down , and the minister disgraced . Nigerians in Australia , Toronto , South Africa , London , Sweden and Accra , Ghana , were soon protesting at the country 's embassies demanding change . But the biggest surprise was the protest movement 's peaceful nature , especially at a time when the nation was gripped by violent militant groups and armed criminal gangs . Despite provocation by the security agencies and police , the protests were mostly civil and peaceful . The only deaths and injuries recorded in Ilorin , Lagos , Kano , Abuja and Kaduna were reportedly inflicted by the police and soldiers unleashed on hapless citizens . See also : Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship - do n't desert it But a year later , it 's difficult to argue that the movement achieved its goal . For its size , its failure to compel any serious measures to curb the culture of impunity and corruption in Nigeria is significant . So , what went wrong ? Why did the movement crumble in its cradle ? These questions perplexed several traditional activist groups and NGOs who were busy attending meetings with the government to seek an amicable resolution to the crisis . One major reason for the quick collapse was the movement 's lack of a central command structure . To some extent , it was a leaderless , but not rudderless affair . As the publisher of SaharaReporters , I witnessed the crystallization of a citizen journalist movement . Many citizens wrote and posted reports of the mass protests . They did n't wait around for their stories to be told in distorting sound bites by the foreign media or twisted by a mostly compromised local media . These citizen reporters sent photos , videos and texts . They tweeted , texted and analyzed every minute of the struggle from all over the country and the world , bringing the integrity of their witness to bear . SaharaReporters kept up its side of the bargain ; we published the "  field " reports in a timely manner . See also : Open Story : Unrest in Nigeria For a moment , many Nigerians hoped that the "  Occupy " movement would transition into the first sub-Saharan African Spring  or Harmattan  . A year later , the conclusion is sobering . It is clear that "  Occupy Nigeria " failed to metamorphose into a genuine , sustained mass movement . The central labor unions that were initially trusted to lead the movement capitulated quickly under the weight of accusations that they were conniving to overthrow the government . The Nigerian army , notorious for its legacy of intervening to protect the country 's corrupt status quo , was deployed to quell the protests . On the bright side , the Nigerian people , especially the younger generation , got a taste of people power . I have no doubt that they can -- and will -- exercise that power again . Few as they were , some immediate gains testified to the power of the mass uprising . After two national addresses , a brow-beaten President Goodluck Jonathan rolled back fuel prices and reinstated some fuel subsidy . And he made a commitment -- far from realized -- to identify and punish profiteers from fuel subsidy scams . For Nigerians , one lesson is that they possess a latent power capable of bringing change -- if only the people will it . There are also important lessons about opportunists and saboteurs . It was n't hard to see their trails during and after the mass protests . The protests had hardly died down when some of the labor leaders found their way into plush government committees . Others formed themselves into "  stakeholders " and began earnestly to jostle for government patronage even as the issues that sparked the protests had not been addressed . Even so , I believe the awareness created about the pervasive corruption in the oil sector made a difference . But it was not the issue . After all , Nigerians already knew government officials and their corporate accomplices were stealing . "  Occupy Nigeria " simply washed the carcass of the whale of corruption ashore . The eventual revelation by a parliamentary committee that a grand sum of $ 6.8 billion had been stolen through subsidy scams is a yet unresolved scandal . Nigerians suspect , with good reason , that their top government officials are in no hurry to unmask the gluttonous embezzlers of fuel subsidies . In fact , the impression is that the culprits , law enforcement officials , and the judges have all retired to their usual zone of criminal complicity and comfort . No one will be punished . As the people of Nigeria still hanker for their African "  Spring , " the "  Occupy " movement can re-emerge at any time to take Nigeria by storm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Omoyele Sowore .	In January 2012 , Nigerians protested the removal of fuel subsidies Protests united Nigerians , often divided along ethnic and religious lines , says Omoyele Sowore But "  Occupy Nigeria " failed to become a genuine , sustained mass movement , he argues Sowore says Nigerians still hanker for their "  African Spring "
MNN.com  -- As a child , I hated playing outside . Even when we lived in picturesque Hawaii , my mom would send all the kids outdoors to play and I spent the time whining at the front door . Years later , my dog Lulu does the same thing . Once she has finished doing her business , Lulu sits by the door howling to come back inside . Mosquitoes have been out of control this year , so I ca n't really blame her for wanting to stay indoors during the summer . But plenty of pooches spend the dog days having fun in the sun with their owners . Unfortunately , this also tends to be a time when plenty of dogs get away . During our daily walks , Lulu and I have run into at least three dogs that were off leash and roaming the neighborhood . Proper identification gives lost pets a better chance of returning home safely . The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals notes that about 5 million to 7 million companion animals enter U.S. animal shelters each year , and about half of those pets were picked up by animal control . If you plan to enjoy the great outdoors with your dog come fall , consider adding a few items that rank as favorites among trainers . Get a sturdy leash : Do a quick inventory of your dog 's gear and make sure metal attachments on leashes still get the job done . You do n't want to find out that a leash has passed its prime during a long walk â $ " or a run-in with the neighbor 's cat . Professional dog walker Benetta Green of Gone to the Dogs pet care in Atlanta also avoids retractable leashes when walking a client 's dog . "  They are very difficult to control , " she says . "  I 've seen people who expand them out and let the dog have their freedom and , all of sudden out of nowhere , there comes a bigger dog and you do n't have the time you need to pull the dog back . I know people like the retractable leash but you have to be aware of what 's around you as well . " I 'm partial to leather leashes because they wear well over time . Certified professional dog trainer Amber Burckhalter of K-9 Coach in Smyrna , Georgia , introduced me to the Mendota leash , a clever collar-leash combo that tops my list of favorites . One end has a looped handle , while the other serves as an adjustable collar . This multitasking leash gets frequent use at my house during bathroom breaks , but Burckhalter says the Mendota works great for dogs that tend to slip out of their collars . The rope-style leash features an adjustable leather attachment that makes it one size fits all . You can find Mendota leashes at most pet supply stores . Amazon.com offers a variety of colors with prices starting at $ 11.45 . MNN : Stolen dogs returned to owners 5 years later Easy Walk harness : If your dog pulls during walks , then a day at the park can quickly feel like tug-of-war . Front-clip harnesses like the Easy Walk fit around a dog 's front legs and offer a gentle correction when pooches start to tug . "  I like that the leash attaches to the chest and not to the dog 's back , " says certified dog trainer Renee Payne of Walk This Way Canine Behavior Therapy in New York . "  It works great for pulling or dogs that like to lag behind . " The Easy Walk is available in various sizes for $ 16.99 at Wag.com . Kong Wobbler : On a hot day , fill Kong 's rubber Wobbler chew toy with healthy treats and freeze . "  Put the dog 's food in it and they have to knock it around for the food to come out , " Burckhalter says . "  That 's additional exercise for -LSB- dogs -RSB- . They also love it because they do n't typically get a lot of mental exercise . " Wobblers range in price from $ 15.99 to $ 22.99 based on the size at PetSmart stores . Pet Top water dispenser : Burckhalter recommends the Pet Top for dogs that are on the go . This plastic device screws onto standard water bottles and features an adjustable roller ball setting that allows pets to drink freely . It also means that owners do n't have to carry travel water bowls or other gear . You can find Pet Tops for $ 6.99 at Bed Bath & Beyond . ChillSpot Dog Bed : On a hot day , most dogs like to congregate on cool tile floors in the bathroom or kitchen . ChillSpot applies that approach to dog beds , pairing aluminum tiles with "  chill pods " that you freeze overnight so that dogs stay cool while tailgating or hanging out at the beach . You can stock up now for next summer . "  It 's a great product for trainers to use in class , " says dog trainer Andrew Zbeeb , owner of Frogs to Dogs in Atlanta , Georgia . To combat Georgia 's sweltering summer heat , Zoo Atlanta even ordered a larger ChillSpot for its panda exhibit . A standard 24-by-36-inch dog bed is available for $ 169 at ChillSpot.biz . MNN : The 8 happiest dogs on YouTube Sturdy collars : Check your dog 's collars to make sure that they are n't worn out . It may be time to replenish the stock . "  My dogs go through collars really fast , " says Burckhalter , who recommends the award-winning collars from EzyDog . These doggie essentials feature stainless steel D rings , reflective piping and neoprene linings typically used for wetsuits . As added protection , Burckhalter goes a step further . "  I take a Sharpie and write info on the inside of their collar . If they did get away and their tag came off they are still marked . " ID tags : ID tags are cheapest and easiest way to keep pets safe â $ " as long as the information is up to date . Basic metal pet tags are available for $ 7.50 at PetSmart stores . Lulu 's dog tags serve as an early warning device , alerting me when she is getting into mischief . In my home , silence is not golden . Take an inventory of your dog 's gear and enjoy your walks more . Join the conversation by following Morieka and Lulu on Twitter @soulpup today . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Retractable leashes are hard to control : opt for a sturdier leash Stop the tug of war while walking your dog ; try a harness that secures in the front ID tags are the cheapest and easiest way to keep your dog safe
CNN  -- In multiple 911 calls shortly before he was killed , a man said he was being chased by an enraged motorist -- right up to when he was apparently run off the road in Pennsylvania and then shot to death , police said Friday . Timothy Davison , 28 , was driving home to Maine along Interstate 81 early last Saturday when he was shot multiple times and killed in Antrim Township . So far , there is no indication that Davison initiated the incident or provoked the shooter , Pennsylvania State Police Capt. Steven Junkin told reporters Friday . Davison may have first encountered the shooter on Interstate 70 in Maryland and traveled between 13 and 15 miles , with the gunman in pursuit , before being forced off the road just beyond the Pennsylvania state line , authorities said . Junkin said Davison called 911 from Maryland and Pennsylvania , but he declined to provide details . Authorities have not released the contents of those 911 calls , citing the ongoing investigation . A task force made up of Maryland , Pennsylvania and West Virginia state police , as well as FBI agents , is seeking help from the public and operators of body shops in finding a "  dark colored " Ford Ranger XLT pickup with damage on the driver 's side from ramming into Davison 's car . "  How concerned are we that it 'll happen again ? " Junkin asked . "  We obviously have an individual out there who was so incensed that he continued to pursue Mr. Davison and took it to that next step . He murdered an individual for whatever slight that he perceived . Will this person do it again ? We do n't know . We do n't want to take that chance . " The Maine resident ended up shot multiple times , a death that authorities have ruled a homicide . Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 800-472-8477 . Investigators initially believed the same motorist may have been behind another road rage shooting eight hours earlier and 56 miles northeast , but Junkin said Friday that the two crimes do not appear to be related . James Allocca , Davison 's uncle , told CNN this week that the family "  wants justice before someone else gets hurt . " The victim 's father , Timothy Davison Sr. , said he learned about his son 's death when police arrived at his door Saturday . "  I ca n't begin to tell you what it 's like to hear that , " he said . "  It 's not right . " He went to Pennsylvania on Tuesday to collect his son 's personal belongings . His son , he said , was a "  great guy and a very easy kid to raise . " "  He cared for everyone around him , " he said . "  He was a rugged kid , extremely sensitive . " Davison worked at his father 's construction business . He said he hoped to meet his son 's killer . Asked what he would say , Davison said : "  That is for me . " "  There are different levels of loss , " Allocca said . "  This has to be the worst . " Motorcyclist charged in beating of SUV driver Road rage baby killer sentenced to death	NEW : The victim was shot several times Police say they believe Timothy Davison , 28 , was killed in a road rage incident He made 911 calls , saying he was being chased by an enraged motorist , police say Investigator : "  Will this person do it again ? We do n't know . We do n't want to take that chance "
Washington  CNN  -- When Rosalind Cron left home in the 1940s to join a teenage girl jazz band called the International Sweethearts of Rhythm , she had no idea what it would be like , as a white girl , traveling with the predominantly black band . At the time , Cron said she thought "  Jim Crow " was a man they were supposed to meet in the South . "  I did n't realize it was a law , and a very strict law -- laws , plural , " she said . State and local ordinances that mandated separate public facilities for blacks and whites made it illegal for Cron to share facilities with her band members . Cron felt the discrimination because she lived on their tour bus with the other girls , hiding her race . For three years , she said , they were like her sisters . She spent several hours in jail in El Paso , Texas , in 1944 when authorities did n't believe the story she had made up that her father was white and her mother was black . "  They went though my wallet and there was a picture of my mother and dad right in front of the house , " she said . She was sprung a few hours later when the band 's manager brought two black girls to the jail who claimed to be Cron 's cousins . By that time , according to Cron , the authorities that were holding her were glad to get rid of her . "  They just told us never to return . And as far as I know , we did n't , " she said . The risks were worth it to play her saxophone with what became known as the nation 's first integrated , female jazz band . The International Sweethearts of Rhythm were founded at Piney Woods School in Mississippi in 1937 , in part as a way for the students to help pay for their education . They recruited members of different races to help with the "  international " part of their image . Willie Mae Wong had a Chinese father , a mixed-race mother , and no visible musical skills when she was recruited to the group as a 15-year-old . She was out on the street playing stickball when they picked her up . "  The director of the music was named White , " Wong said . "  They called me ` White 's Rabbit ' because he had to spend more time with me to teach me the beat . " The name "  Rabbit " has stuck to this day . In 1941 , the group separated from the school and went professional . They traveled on a bus to gigs across the United States , including venues like the Apollo Theater in New York and the Howard Theater in Washington . During World War II , the Sweethearts traveled to France and Germany as part of a USO tour in 1945 . Pictures and mementos from the International Sweethearts of Rhythm are on display at the Smithsonian 's American History museum for their 10th annual Jazz Appreciation Month celebration in April . Six members of the band were in Washington this week to reminisce . "  It was a privilege to come from Mississippi and go and see the other parts of the world , " said Helen Jones , who played the trombone from the band 's founding until it disbanded . "  All I ever wanted to do was play a trumpet , " Sadye Pankey told a group gathered at the museum . And as for music education today , she feels bad for today 's students . "  Some of our schools in our country now have abolished the music , and it 's not fair , " she said . Cron told the group that if music is your passion , you need to stick with it . "  Do n't let anyone come between you and your horns , or music , " she added .	International Sweethearts of Rhythm toured in the U.S. and Europe in the Big Band Era Saxophonist Rosalind Cron was the only white girl in the band In the South , Jim Crow laws kept Cron from sharing facilities with her bandmates Band recruited other races to help with "  international " part of their image
CNN  -- A military junta that toppled Guinea 's government announced its new leader Wednesday in a nationwide radio address . Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara wrapped in the Guinean flag Wednesday . Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy , which he called a transitional body that will oversee the country 's return to democracy . In effect , that would make Camara president of Guinea , which was thrown into turmoil Monday after the death of President Lansana Conte . Camara also declared a curfew from 8 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. local time . Guinea 's parliament is holding negotiations with the military , Africa News reporter Mamdou Dian Donghol Diallo told CNN . "  For the time being the situation is calm and negotiations are under way , " Diallo said . "  There is no traffic . Everyone is staying inside their homes . " Camara , previously the spokesman for the National Council for Democracy , suspended the government , constitution , political parties and trade unions , Diallo said from Conakry . The newly formed government , made up of 26 military personnel and six civilians , is negotiating a power-sharing deal that would reflect its ethnic make-up , Diallo said . But some in the military may not support the new leadership , he said . International institutions , including the African Union , have condemned the coup . Guinea , in western Africa bordering the Atlantic Ocean , has had two presidents since gaining independence from France in 1958 . Conte came to power in 1984 , when the military seized control of the government after the death of the first president , Sekou Toure . The country did not hold democratic elections until 1993 , when Conte was elected president . He was re-elected in 1998 and 2003 amid allegations of electoral irregularities . Worsening economic conditions and dissatisfaction with corruption and bad governance prompted two massive strikes in 2006 , the CIA World Factbook says . A third nationwide strike in early 2007 sparked violent protests that resulted in two weeks of martial law . To appease the unions and end the unrest , the Factbook says , Conte named a new prime minister in March 2007 . Guinea is one of the poorest countries in the world , despite its mineral wealth , according to the British charity Plan UK . The country hosts large refugee populations from neighboring Liberia and Ivory Coast .	NEW : Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara named de facto president of Guinea Coup leaders impose overnight curfew ; government , constitution suspended President Lansana Conte died Monday after near 25-year rule Coup condemned by African Union
CNN  -- Formula One rookie Pastor Maldonado is confident he will have a successful debut season driving for Williams . "  The feeling in the team and with my engineers is good , " the Venezuelan told the official F1 website on Friday . "  I know it will be a really great season with them . If everything goes well , I do n't see why we ca n't score points . " The 26-year-old GP2 champion will line up on a F1 grid for the first time at the opening grand prix of the season in Melbourne on March 27 . And despite finishing down in 12th out of the 14 drivers participating in pre-season testing in Barcelona on Friday , Maldonado insists he is prepared for the challenges ahead . "  I am feeling better and better within the team . We will see what we can do at the first race but I feel ready , " he said Maldonado will make also make history this season , as he becomes the first Venezuelan to take part in the F1 championship . "  I am very happy for my country as they are pushing very hard for me and that is something special , " he said . "  It is going to be an exciting moment for me . I have been racing for many years and I have waited many years to be in Formula One . " Maldonado will line up alongside veteran Brazilian racer Rubens Barrichello at British-based F1 outfit Williams , who finished sixth in the drivers ' championship last year . Barrichello was the fifth fastest driver in Friday 's penultimate testing session , while seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher clocked one minute 21.268 seconds to set the quickest time for Mercedes . Another former champion , Fernando Alonso , was second quickest for Ferrari , with Schumacher 's teammate Nico Rosberg completing the top three times . Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel was eighth fastest in his Red Bull , while 2009 winner Jenson Button had a frustrating day and could only manage the 13th best time . CNN-sponsored Team Lotus were not involved in the session but they did confirm the appointments of Luiz Razia as third driver and Davide Valsecchi and Ricardo Teixeira as test drivers . Alongside their commitments in the GP2 series , Razia and Valsecchi will take part in Friday practice sessions this season . Meanwhile , Lotus Renault driver Robert Kubica is set to undergo a further operation on his elbow , the hospital treating him said on Friday . Since crashing at a rally in February , the Pole has already gone under the knife three times . German driver Nick Heidfeld will replace Kubica over the upcoming season .	Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado says he is ready for F1 debut for Williams The 26-year-old will line up alongside Rubens Barrichello for first race of season on March 27 Mercedes ' Michael Schumacher sets fastest time in penultimate pre-season testing session Lotus Renault driver Robert Kubica is set for a further elbow operation , his doctors say
CNN  -- Once described as "  sterile , " the birth city of the iconic Singapore Sling is experiencing a cocktail renaissance . Since 2012 , the city has seen a rush of cocktail bar openings , and the boom is n't showing signs of slowing . In 2013 , UK-based liquor-producing giant Diageo reported a 58 % spike in spirits sales in Singapore over the previous financial year . "  Singapore 's cocktail scene has grown tremendously in the past few years , " says Colin Chia , Asia Pacific manager of Diageo Reserve World Class , which hosted the World Class South East Asia Finals in Singapore in May to showcase top bartending talents in the region . "  The scene has moved toward the opening of independent bars with talents concentrating on craft cocktails and introducing the consumer to new techniques , ingredients and spirits , while still keeping true to the classics . "  They have collectively invested time and energy in putting Singapore on the global cocktail map . " In the last year alone , some 20 new bars have sprouted across Singapore . Tron Young , who founded the inaugural Singapore Bar Industry Accord to recognize the industry 's future luminaries , says the city-state is at the forefront of Asia 's cocktail and bar scene . "  Other Asian cities like Tokyo may have a longer reign at the top , but Singapore is taking the lead in pushing boundaries and drinking ideals , researching trends as well as exploring techniques , " says Young , a former bartender at Singapore hotspot Tetsuya 's and ex-bar manager of Waku Ghin . "  One of the ways to gauge the progress of the beverage industry in a country is to look at the range of products available -- a bigger range and variety is generally driven by the volume of demand . " More suppliers are indeed joining the spirits distribution game in Singapore , brandishing an alluring arsenal of artisan spirits by independent distilleries . La Maison du Whiskey joined the fray in 2009 ; followed by Proof & Company Spirits  stablemate of the acclaimed 28 HongKong Street  in 2012 ; with Liberty Spirits Asia coming on board most recently . "  As consumer demand for artfully prepared cocktails has grown , the spirits industry has responded and is now going through its own renaissance , " says Spencer Forhart of Proof & Company Spirits . Where cocktails are as important as food According to Forhart , Singapore has a strong community of professionals treating bartending as a proper vocation and pushing each other to achieve . "  The result -- even restaurants and hotels are taking their cocktails and spirits seriously , " he says . The seeds of all this growth were sown in 2008 , when the trendsetting Tippling Club introduced its cocktail-paired tasting menu , a first in Singapore . Today , Tippling Club has been joined by a host of restaurant-bars where cocktails are treated with as much reverence as food -- Bacchanalia , Catalunya , Sugarhall and Tess Kitchen Bar are examples . "  One of the best ways to judge the F&B trends in a city is also to see what the hotels are doing , " says Young . "  Recently Anti : dote at Fairmont Hotel and Manhattan Bar at Regent Singapore hotel opened while Four Seasons hired one of the greatest bartenders in history -- Javier de lad Muelas -- to consult on its beverage and cocktail list at One Ninety bar . " In addition to adding a touch of glitz to the city 's bibulous culture , hotel bars such as Anti : dote and Manhattan Bar have brought in talented craftsmen -- Tom Hogan and Ricky Paiva , respectively -- who are rapidly shaking up the craft cocktail movement started by stalwarts such as Aki Eguchi , bar manager of Jigger & Pony . Today , Eguchi , a 2011 and 2012 Diageo Reserve World Class Singapore champion , has about 30 types of homemade infusions and syrups in stock at any one time . "  Singapore is enjoying a cocktail boom that New York and London experienced over the last 15 years , " concludes Forhart . "  It started a bit later than those cities , but it 's really developing at a much faster pace . " Thirsty yet ? Here 's a roundup of Singapore 's best new cocktail bars . Anti : dote Fairmont 's latest F&B addition showcases inventive cocktails and a raft of tonics concocted by head craftsman , American-born Tom Hogan . He uses freshly plucked herbs from the hotel 's garden and personally makes a clutch of bitters and liquors , like spiced orange bitters fortified with Cognac . Hogan cocktails such as Corpse Reviver # 2  made with gin , Absinthe and house-made orange liqueur  are best paired with the tapas by Spanish chef , Carlos Montobbio . Anti : dote , Level 1 Fairmont Singapore , 80 Bras Basah Road ; +65  0  6 431 5313 Manhattan Bar Former Rickhouse barman , Ricky Paiva , puts the spotlight on craft cocktails at the artful grand hotel bar at the Regent Singapore hotel , which features a menu of 25 seasonally rotating cocktails inspired by the neighborhoods of Manhattan . In addition to showcasing the world 's first in-hotel "  rickhouse , " where the Sacramento native finishes whiskeys , ages cocktails and brews bitters , the bar offers cocktails mixed table-side via a trolley . Manhattan Bar , Level 2 Regent Singapore , 1 Cuscaden Road ; +65  0  6 725 3377 The Library This secret bar tucked behind the recently re-branded The Study is n't spanking new but it 's worth the schlep for the new-to-Singapore barman , Nicholas Quattroville . An Australian formerly of The Blind Pig  London  , he prepares most of his cocktail ingredients in-house -- horseradish-infused vodka , walnut orgeat and burnt butter whiskey are favorites . The Library , 47 Keong Saik Road ; +65  0  6 221 8338 Operation Dagger Located in an underground , window-less space near Oxwell & Co , this progressive speakeasy helmed by head bartender Luke Whearty makes its own infusions via sous vide cooking technique and bottle-ages carbonated cocktails with champagne yeast . It also grows its own herbs on a rooftop garden with a beehive where honey is harvested and fermented to make mead . Operation Dagger , 7 Ann Siang Hill , #B1 -01 ; no telephone Sugarhall This grill restaurant that pairs flame-kissed fare with rum-based cocktails concocted by Aki Eguchi  bar manager of next door stablemate Jigger & Pony  has a lively atmosphere . Sugarhall , 102 Amoy St. ; +65  0  9 732 5607 Studio 1939 by Potato Head Folk Set on the third floor of an art deco building on Keong Saik Road , this reservations-only bar serves small plates paired with cocktails made with artisan spirits , courtesy of Dre Masso , head mixologist for the Potato Head group . Studio 1939 by Potato Head Folk , 36 Keong Saik Road ; +65 6327 1939 Tess Bar Former Bitters & Love bartender Steven Leong calls the shots at the long bar of this eatery/bar near Raffles Hotel . He shakes classic and quirky cocktails to go with the menu of modern European fare served on small , medium and large plates . Tess Bar , 38 Seah St. ; +65 6337 7355 Evelyn Chen is a former Time Out food critic and current editor of Zagat Guide . Her food and travel features have been published in Destin Asian , Travel + Leisure SEA and Conde Nast Traveler .	In the last year , more than 20 new bars have opened in Singapore Local cocktail aficionados say Singapore is at the forefront of Asia 's cocktail scene Even restaurants and hotels are taking their cocktails seriously , says local expert
The fortunes of potential U.S. allies among Syrian rebel groups are ebbing fast as hardline Salafist groups and especially al Qaeda 's affiliate go on the offensive . The past month has dealt further reverses to already-beleaguered moderate groups , whose presence in the critical northern provinces of Idlib and Aleppo has further eroded . This is a growing headache for the Obama administration , which is trying to identify , train and "  stand up " moderate rebel factions to take on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Washington has announced a $ 500 million program to train 5,000 fighters over one year . But it is yet to begin , and some of these groups are now in retreat or on the verge of extinction . Those that are n't are wary of being identified as "  Washington 's guys " because of the administration 's focus on degrading ISIS but not going after Syrian government forces . Tough road for moderate groups Analysts say moderate groups are caught between a rock and a hard place , pilloried by radical factions for taking Western weapons but failing to get enough of them  or quickly enough  to become serious players . Noah Bonsey of the International Crisis Group writes in Foreign Policy , "  For a rebel commander seeking to convince his fighters that cooperation with Washington is in the rebellion 's best interest , American strikes that ignore the Assad regime while hitting  Islamist rebels in  Ahrar al-Sham are extremely difficult to explain . " Moderate groups also suffer from poor morale and a lack of resources . All in all , says Kimberly Kagan , president of the Institute for the Study of War , "  the forces that the U.S. has nominally been backing have suffered losses at the hands of the Islamic State , Jabhat al-Nusra  al Qaeda 's Syrian franchise  and the regime . " The current trajectory , she says , means "  the moderate opposition remains marginal and incapable of shaping the battlefield in any material way . " Bonsey said coalition airstrikes against ISIS had allowed President Bashar al-Assad to refocus on hitting mainstream rebels , and the regime had made gains around Hama and Aleppo . Combined with al-Nusra 's advances in Idlib and the threat of a renewed offensive by ISIS , moderate groups were now in danger of a rapid decline . Kristen Gillespie , founder of the website Syria Direct , agrees : "  American policy freed up the regime to step up bombings of its own civilians , which we are seeing in areas across Syria such as Jobar , Hama and Homs . " Al-Nusra appears to have benefited from the limited strikes against its subsidiary , the Khorasan Group , which the U.S. alleges is planning attacks on the West . Observers say the strikes , and reports of civilian casualties , have gained the group sympathy and support . Making things still worse , there appears to be at least a truce between al-Nusra and ISIS , allowing each to focus on other enemies , whether moderate groups , the regime or the Kurds , and consolidate control over their respective strongholds . The U.S. director of national intelligence , James Clapper , last month spoke of "  tactical accommodations " between the two groups . Other sources say smaller Salafist groups that share the jihadist outlook of al-Nusra and ISIS have helped broker local agreements . An al-Nusra spokesman , Abu Azzam al-Ansari , told Syria Direct last month that al-Nusra is looking for a cease-fire , though not a larger merger with ISIS , because it wants to focus on fighting "  just the Alawites  regime  . " Such a truce may allow al-Nusra free rein in the northwest of Syria , while ISIS focuses on its heartland in the northeast . In the past month , it has overwhelmed forces of the Syrian Revolutionaries ' Front and Harakat Hazm in Idlib , both supported by the U.S. and Saudi Arabia . The Revolutionaries ' Front had been seen as a potential U.S. ally since it helped expel ISIS fighters from the region in January . Dozens of Harakat Hazm fighters defected to al-Nusra , according to local activists . Al-Nusra fighters are within a few kilometers of border crossings into Turkey , a source of revenue and resupply . Local activists and analysts also see al-Nusra developing a closer relationship with the most powerful group within the Islamic Front : Ahrar al-Sham . Gillespie says Ahrar is popular in Idlib as many of its members are from the province . "  They have the popularity ; Nusra has more of the military might , " she says . Together , "  they appear to be a formidable foe for anyone looking to take over Idlib . " Al-Nusra 's propaganda machine has showcased the social services it is providing and its convoys parading through Idlib . To some analysts , al-Nusra appears to be emulating ISIS in building its own emirate in northern Syria . In a recording leaked in July , al-Nusra 's leader , Abu Muhammad al-Julani , was heard saying the time had come to establish "  an Islamic emirate in the Levant . " Bonsey says it has "  withdrawn assets from key fronts with the regime and shifted them to establish unilateral control of other areas . " Al-Nusra has begun implementing sharia law and building local government , releasing images of its Da ` wah  Islamic preaching  offices in the town of Sarmada and elsewhere . But Gillespie says "  they are moving slowly , because people still fear Nusra is a version of ISIS . Nusra is launching campaigns to create gardens , pick up trash and other measures that improve people 's quality of life . " Even so , other factions are apprehensive that it 's on the way to emulating ISIS and building its own caliphate , says Bonsey . Stark choice In neighboring Aleppo province , an area the al-Assad regime has fought hard to control , the battlefield is even more complex . After Damascus , the city of Aleppo remains the most important theater for both the regime and its opponents . Western reporters who have managed to get into Aleppo say the Islamic Front -- an umbrella group of Islamist militia -- is in control of rebel-held neighborhoods , while al-Nusra dominates in the countryside to the north . Al-Nusra and its allies are engaged in a bitter battle against the regime and fighters of the Lebanese militia Hezbollah for control of two nearby towns -- Zahra and Nubul -- inhabited largely by pro-regime Shiites . Videos and photographs uploaded in recent days suggest a sustained assault against Zahra and Nubul : In one instance , al-Nusra appears to have used a captured armored troop carrier as a massive suicide bomb . Success against the regime in these towns would secure a vital supply route for rebels clinging on in Aleppo in the face of aerial and artillery bombardment , but for now , the towns ' defenders are holding out . Al-Nusra is clearly taking territory while it can , perhaps wary of ISIS suddenly turning on it  as it did in August  or the emergence of better-equipped groups supported by the West . As the regime and rebels fight to a standstill around Aleppo , ISIS waits in the wings , looking for an opportunity to take further territory  if not the city itself  from exhausted combatants . ISIS holds rural areas near the town of Marea , 20 miles north of Aleppo . Among the groups lined up against it are fighters of the Jaish al Mujahideen , a mainstream outfit that has U.S. support and claims to have about 6,000 fighters . But one of the group 's commanders , Abdulaziz , told Reuters this week that only 50 men have received training in a CIA-sponsored program . They would be hard-pressed to resist a renewed ISIS assault in the area . Ultimately , Bonsey says , "  to reverse jihadist gains , you need to strengthen moderate groups and get as many of them as possible on the same page . " The creation last week of the Revolutionary Command Council , which includes a wide spectrum of rebel groups , could be significant -- if it survives and so long as it does n't become just a vehicle for Salafist factions such as Ahrar al-Sham . So far , says Bonsey , "  the bottom line is that the pace and scale of U.S. support is not sufficient to halt , let alone reverse , the erosion of moderate forces . " Most territory in Syria is essentially shared by the "  big three " : ISIS , al-Nusra and its allies , and the regime . "  The Americans have painted themselves into a corner , left to work only with so-called moderates , who at this point have mostly been kidnapped , killed , exiled or absorbed into Islamist factions , " says Gillespie . That fits the al-Assad regime 's game plan . Kill off the mainstream groups and leave the West with a stark choice : Bashar al-Assad or ISIS and other jihadist groups turning Syria into an Islamic state . Inside Kobani , scenes of devastation everywhere	Hardline Salafist groups and especially al Qaeda 's affiliate on offensive in Syria Moderates suffer from poor morale , lack of resources , allowing others to prosper Making things still worse , there appears to be at least truce between al-Nusra and ISIS West has stark choice : Bashar al-Assad or ISIS and other jihadist groups
CNN  -- The peanut processing company at the heart of a national salmonella outbreak , Peanut Corp. of America , filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation in court Friday in Lynchburg , Virginia . Peanut Corp. of America plants in Georgia and Texas came under scrutiny after the salmonella outbreak . The documents were filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the Western District of Virginia . The bankruptcy papers were signed by Stewart Parnell , the president of Peanut Corp. , who invoked his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination in refusing to answer questions this week in a congressional hearing . Bacteria found in the company 's Blakely , Georgia , peanut processing plant have been blamed for more than 600 cases of salmonella , including nine deaths . Watch how bankruptcy could affect case " The Texas Health Department on Thursday ordered products from the company 's plant in Plainview , Texas , to be recalled after discovering dead rodents , rodent excrement and bird feathers in the plant . Watch what health inspectors found " A call to the company 's telephone number , which was working earlier this week , elicited a recording that said it was no longer in service . "  The long and the short of it is that we kicked the tires on reorganizing the company , and , frankly , they 're just in a position now where they ca n't even conduct business , " said Andrew S. Goldstein , a lawyer for the company . "  They ca n't operate at all , and this just seemed like the inevitable course . " In a written statement , Consumers Union said Friday 's declaration shows that Congress needs to strengthen the Food and Drug Administration and hike the penalties it can impose . "  It is unacceptable for corporations to put consumers ' health at risk and then simply declare bankruptcy and go out of business when they get caught , " said Jean Halloran , director of food policy initiatives at Consumers Union , publisher of Consumer Reports . "  PCA 's declaration of bankruptcy will , among other things , shield it from liability suits filed by consumers who became sick or whose loved ones died as a result of eating PCA 's peanut products , " she said .	NEW : Consumers Union says filing shows need for stronger FDA NEW : Move will shield company from liability lawsuits , group says Bacteria in company plant in Georgia blamed for hundreds of salmonella cases Products from company plant in Texas recalled after dead rodents found
CNN  -- National Democratic leaders , fresh from a shellacking in congressional districts and statehouses from coast to coast , should wake up to the reality that the party 's path to electoral power runs through the streets , where an energized portion of the party 's base has been marching for many months . On three hot-button issues -- climate change , higher pay for fast-food workers and fairness in the criminal justice system -- left-leaning Americans have mounted sophisticated , passionate campaigns that have sparked and swayed public conversation . The question is whether Democrats , whose electoral losses can be traced back to low voter participation , will follow the lead of activists whose numbers have been swelling throughout 2014 . Right now , things do n't look too hopeful . Instead of drawing on the energy and creativity of the activists , Democratic leaders are engaging in a round of finger-pointing , blaming one another for errors of timing and messaging that contributed to the recent electoral losses . Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York , who as chairman of the Democratic Policy and Communications Committee had the task of developing a winning message for the party this year , recently delivered an extraordinary speech chastising his fellow Dems for pursuing President Obama 's signature issue of health care reform . "  Unfortunately , Democrats blew the opportunity the American people gave them . We took their mandate and put all of our focus on the wrong problem â $ " health care reform , " Schumer said in a speech at the National Press Club . "  We should have done it . We just should n't have done it first . " That drew a sharp retort from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . "  We come here to do a job , not keep a job , " she said in a statement to CNN . "  There are more than 14 million reasons why that 's wrong , " she added -- a pointed reference to the number of Americans now getting health insurance under Obamacare . The feud is music to the ears of Republicans . "  Democrats are trying to figure out what they believe and who they represent " is how conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer put it . That may be overstating matters -- this is n't the "  civil war " Krauthammer describes -- but Democrats clearly need to think about how and why they have n't been connecting with voters lately . Schumer and Pelosi are both partly right . There 's no question that the titanic battle to extend health care to the uninsured was always a matter of helping a minority of Americans to finally get benefits that 85 % of us already enjoyed . Most people , anyway you look at it , did not need Obamacare themselves  although many had children and other relatives who benefited  . But as Pelosi and others pointedly reminded Schumer , getting health benefits to 14 million people is a titanic achievement that Democrats have been attempting for a generation . And the program helped Democrats make inroads with Latino voters , whose support for Obamacare helped the Democrats carry the White House and hold a Senate majority in 2012 . But the bickering on Capitol Hill misses an important point : The 2014 elections had the lowest turnout since World War II , meaning the issues and candidates that Democrats  and Republicans  put forward did n't stir the overwhelming majority of voters . At the same time , activists have enjoyed far greater success shaping issues and putting them on the public agenda : a track record Democrats would do well to learn from . On September 21 , less than 60 days before the anemic-turnout election , more than 300,000 people marched in New York , according to an estimate by the organizers -- and more than 2,600 events were staged in solidarity around the world -- to call attention to the perils of climate change . On December 4 , thousands of fast-food employees walked off the job in 190 cities across 35 states to demand better pay . And we have n't seen the end of nationwide civil rights demonstrations calling attention to controversial cases of police killing unarmed black boys and men . Athletes , politicians , at least one police chief , as well as the president of Harvard and dozens of congressional staff members have all made public displays of solidarity under the banner #BlackLivesMatter . There 's no shortage of movements that have caught fire across the nation . If Democrats want to get beyond this year 's low-turnout losses , they should get serious about understanding why politically active Americans seem to be choosing picket lines over polling sites -- and then tailor a message that can lead to victory in 2016 and beyond .	Errol Louis says activists stage big protests but Democratic leaders are n't listening He says party suffered from very low turnout , lack of enthusiasm in recent elections Louis says Democratic leaders should take their cue from climate , Ferguson protesters
CNN  -- A flat-faced frogfish , bug-eating slug and carnivorous sea sponge are some of the top new species named by scientists . They appear on a "  top 10 " list of new species released Saturday amid warnings from the United Nations that the world is not doing enough to protect vulnerable eco-systems . "  Biodiversity loss is moving ecological systems ever closer to tipping point beyond which they will no longer be able to fulfill their vital functions , " said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on the International Day for Biological Diversity , which is being marked in 11 countries . More coverage : Environment A report released in late April by researchers from the United Nations Environment Program showed that world leaders had failed on a 2002 commitment to reduce the global rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 . It found that since 1970 animal populations had dropped 30 percent , the area covered by mangroves and sea grasses was down 20 percent and the coverage of living corals had fallen 40 percent . "  The deadline has arrived , yet the deterioration of our natural resources continues apace , " the secretary-general said in a statement . He warned that communities everywhere would "  reap the negative consequences , " but that the "  poorest people and most vulnerable communities will suffer most . " A number of events were held around the world Saturday to mark the International Day of Biodiversity . A garden was created along Paris ' Champs-Elysees , children in Brazil were encouraged to dress up as animals , and the European Environment Agency unveiled a "  living wall " at its headquarters in Copenhagen , Denmark . The release of a top 10 list species for 2009 continues an annual tradition that marks the anniversary of the birth of Carolus Linnaeus , who initiated the modern system of classifying plants and animals . The new list , issued by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University , was chosen from 18,225 species new to science in 2008 , the most recent year for which data has been compiled . They come from Africa , Indonesia , Madagascar , Myanmar , New Zealand , the Philippines , Thailand , the U.S. and Uruguay . The new discoveries include a golden orb spider able to spin webs of more than a meter in diameter . It is the first of its species named since 1879 . A minnow with fangs found in Myanmar is the first example of oral teeth-like structure found in the largest family of freshwater fishes . And , the sea slug that eats bugs was an unusual find in Pak Phanang Bay in the Gulf of Thailand as nearly all sacoglossans , or sea slugs , eat algae . "  Most people do not realize just how incomplete our knowledge of Earth 's species is or the steady rate at which taxonomists are exploring that diversity , " said Quentin Wheeler , director of the International Institute of Species Exploration .	Top 10 new species list includes frogfish , golden orb spider , bug-eating slugs Coincides with International Day of Biodiversity being marked in 11 countries United Nations says not enough is being done to reduce rate of biodiversity loss UNEP report found animal populations have dropped 30 percent since 1970
