CNN  -- North Korea says it will attack the Japanese military and "  major targets , " if Japan shoots down a rocket Pyongyang plans to launch in the coming days , North Korea 's state-run news service , KCNA , reported Thursday . Japan recently deployed its missile defense system in anticipation of North Korea 's planned rocket launch . "  If Japan recklessly ` intercepts ' -LSB- North Korea 's -RSB- satellite for peaceful purposes , the -LSB- Korean People 's Army -RSB- will mercilessly deal deadly blows not only at the already deployed intercepting means but at major targets , " KCNA reported . Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system in response to the planned North Korean launch , Japanese officials said . The move , noteworthy for a country with a pacifist constitution , is aimed at shooting down any debris from the launch that might fall into Japanese territory . U.S. Navy ships capable of shooting down ballistic missiles have also been moved to the Sea of Japan , a Navy spokesman said . The threat of retaliation comes as North Korea has begun fueling its long-range rocket , according to a senior U.S. military official familiar with the latest U.S. intelligence on the matter . The fueling signals that the country could be in the final stages of what North Korea has said will be the launch of a satellite into space as early as this weekend , the senior U.S. military official said Wednesday . Other U.S. military officials said the top portion of the rocket was put on very recently , but satellite imagery shows a shroud over the stage preventing a direct view of what the stage looks like . The officials said the satellite payload appears to have a "  bulbous " cover , which could indicate there is a satellite loaded on it . Such a cover protects a satellite from damage in flight . While the sources did not know for sure what the payload is , they did say there is no reason to doubt it is a satellite as indicated by North Korea . Pyongyang has said it will conduct the launch sometime between April 4 and April 8 . It 's a launch that may violate a 2006 United Nations Security Council resolution . Resolution 1718 " -LSB- d -RSB- emands " that North Korea "  not conduct any further nuclear test or launch of a ballistic missile . " "  It raises questions about their compliance with the Security Council Resolution 1718 , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last week . "  And if they persist and go forward , we will take it up in appropriate channels . " Pentagon officials worry less about the payload and more about the launch itself , saying any kind of launch will give the North Koreans valuable information about improving their ballistic missile program . "  I do n't know anyone at a senior level in the American government who does not believe this technology is intended as a mask for the development of an intercontinental ballistic missile , " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday . Defense analysts say the same rocket could be used to push a satellite into space or deliver a nuclear warhead . Gates noted that while the United States believes it is North Korea 's "  long-term intent " to add a nuclear warhead to any such rocket , he "  personally would be skeptical that they have the ability right now to do that . " Gates said that the U.S. military could shoot down "  an aberrant missile , one that was headed for Hawaii ... or something like that , we might consider it , but I do n't think we have any plans to  do  anything like that at this point . " He does not believe North Korea currently has the technology to reach Alaska or Pacific coast . CNN Senior Pentagon Producer Mike Mount contributed to this story .	N. Korea says it will attack Japanese military , "  major targets , " if it shoots down rocket Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system in response to planned launch N. Korea said it would conduct launch between April 4 and April 8 Sources say "  bulbous " shroud atop rocket could indicate satellite aboard
CNN  -- Whether you 're looking for culture or just a reason to party , you 'll want to make sure these European destinations are on your radar in 2013 . Thanks to a slew of new galleries , hotels and museums paired with festivals , fairs and more , there 's plenty to keep you busy across the Continent in the coming year . CNN 's 2013 travel wish list Corsica , France It 's France , but not as we know it . A petite island a couple of hundred kilometers from the French mainland , Corsica flies under the radar for the most part -- and that 's part of its appeal . Hillside Mediterranean towns are blissfully crowd-free compared to the streets of tourist hot spots like Cannes and Nice , and you 'll have most beaches entirely to yourself . 5 places to find France in North America Still , the real draw in 2013 will be thousands of men clad in Lycra . For the first time in history , Corsica will host a leg of the Tour de France  June 29-July 21  . More than that , it will hold the opening of the event , celebrating the race 's 100th year with pomp and ceremony -- and some serious cycling . The 3,360-kilometer race weaves across the country until it reaches Paris , where the pedaling culminates against the backdrop of a floodlit Arc de Triomphe . Lonely Planet 's top U.S. travel destinations for 2013 Liverpool , England If you 've heard Liverpool mentioned only in reference to its football club , you 're missing out . Besides London , it 's arguably the most exciting destination in England at the moment , offering plenty of reasons to party well into the New Year . Having just celebrated the 50th anniversary of The Beatles ' first record -- the Fab Four formed here in 1960 -- Liverpudlians are looking forward to another installment of International Beatle Week in August , commemorating the music and lives of one of the most influential pop groups of all time . The festivities continue at the freshly minted Museum of Liverpool , where a new theater  opening in early 2013  will host music and drama events alongside insightful exhibitions and film screenings , many of them free . Museum of Liverpool , Pier Head , Liverpool Waterfront , Liverpool , England ; +44  0  151 478 4545 ; www.liverpoolmuseums.org.uk 8 travel resolutions for 2013 Reykjavik , Iceland The fact that it 's one of the most affordable destinations in Europe aside , Iceland 's capital is cool on many levels . Kissing latitude 67 degrees north , the isolated island of volcanoes and glaciers is home to equal urban drama : the Harpa Reykjavík Concert Hall and Conference Centre opened here not long ago and is now the official home of the Icelandic Opera and Iceland Symphony Orchestra . Local favorite Björk has also been known to belt out a tune or two in the shimmering glass-clad building , embedded with colored LED strips . While the glowing hall is pretty , it 's hard to beat the lights in the night sky . Until April , Reykjavik and much of northern Europe are forecast to be treated to some of the best showings of the Aurora Borealis in history . The Winter Lights Festival  February 7-10  will bring music , performances and food to help you get in the mood . Harpa Reykjavík Concert Hall and Conference Centre , Ingólfsgarður Austurbakki 2 , 101 Reykjavik , Iceland ; +354  0  528 5050 ; en.harpa.is Wishes for smooth journeys in the new year Istanbul , Turkey Turkey 's biggest city delights visitors with some of Europe 's hippest hotels and boutiques , not to mention a booming contemporary arts scene . In 2013 , Istanbul will host a handful of forward-thinking fetes , including the inaugural edition of Art Istanbul International at the Haskoy Yarn Factory  September 14-17  , showcasing exciting new works from Turkey , the Middle East and beyond . September also heralds the larger Istanbul Biennial  September 14-November 10  , curated by renowned critic Fulya Erdemci . Creative hoteliers are flocking to the city in response , which means that visitors can look forward to 2013 outposts from the likes of Shangri-La , Raffles and Hilton , among others . Haskoy Yarn Factory , Kırmızı Minare Sokak 7-11 , Sütlüce , Beyoğlu , Istanbul , Turkey ; no tel ; no website . A sweet tour of Istanbul Innsbruck , Austria The Austrian capital may steal the spotlight from the rest of the country -- let 's face it , Vienna is one beautiful city -- but Innsbruck deserves a place in the sun . Encircled by the Alps , the city offers the ultimate access to some of Europe 's best ski fields : hop on a funicular in town , zip past jaw-dropping railway stations designed by Zaha Hadid and you 'll find yourself flying down untrammeled snow in no time . Visit early in the year and you 'll share the slopes with the world 's snowboarding elite for the 20th edition of the Billabong Air & Style  February 1-2  . White stuff aside , Innsbruck offers equal allure during its warmer months , when visitors jump on bikes and cycle between historic hillside towns . Crete , Greece It may be one of the largest islands in the Mediterranean , but Crete offers plenty of intimate experiences , plus plenty of reasons to party -- the island is celebrating a century of union with Greece in December 2013 . Away from the blissful beach resorts , still extremely good value thanks to the country 's recent economic woes , chilling of another kind is in full swing . Crete is developing a reputation as one of the region 's finest wine producers , with a growing catalog of extremely drinkable native grape varieties : Vilana and Vidiano , Dafni and Kotsifali , Mandilari and Thrapsathiri . The best bit ? Many of the vineyards are wedged between languid towns where predictably good tavernas dish up uncomplicated , but classic , Cretan fare for a handful of euros . Helsinki , Finland The World Design Capital in 2012 , Helsinki continues to push creative boundaries . In Narinkka Square , the freshly minted Kamppi Chapel of Silence resembles a wooden egg , dressed in fir and with a halo-shaped skylight beneath which you can sneak a moment of quiet contemplation . Another eye-opening building will soon feature pine , larch and spruce rooms : the upcoming Kulttuurisauna will be the first public sauna to open in the city in some 50 years . And on the outskirts of Helsinki in Espoo , the WeeGee Exhibition Centre is now home to The Futuro , an elliptical plastic house showcasing the space-age architecture and design of the late 1960s . An equal spectacle will unfold at sea in 2013 when Helsinki hosts the Tall Ship Races for four days  July 17-20  , welcoming more than 100 imposing vessels on their voyage from Denmark to Poland . WeeGee Exhibition Centre , Ahertajantie 5 , Espoo , Finland ; +358  0  9 8163 1818 ; www.weegee.fi Belfast , Northern Ireland Near , far , wherever you are , you 've no doubt heard a lot about Belfast -- and the legendary cruise liner it launched . The ill-fated Titanic , which went down just over a century ago on April 15 , 1912 , was built and floated in Belfast and you can still visit the old Harland and Wolff Shipyard where the luxurious vessel was brought to life . Today , the area has been reinvented as the Titanic Quarter -- Europe 's largest urban regeneration scheme -- and is now home to the spectacular Titanic Belfast complex . Newly opened , the space showcases an impressive collection of memorabilia , taking you from the conception to the destruction of the ship , and also hosts activities for the Titanic Belfast Festival  April 2013  . If that does n't float your boat , book in for one of Titanic Walking Tours ' excursions , where you 'll learn yet more about the Titanic and how it changed the city forever . Titanic Belfast , Queen 's Road , Titanic Quarter , Belfast , Northern Ireland ; +44  0  28 9076 6386 ; www.titanicbelfast.com Amsterdam , Netherlands It 's a bit obvious as a Euro hot spot , but there is a reason -- well , there are many -- why Amsterdam is a must-visit in 2013 . For a start , the Rijksmuseum will open once again on April 13 , welcoming visitors after 10 years of renovations . Highlights of the made-over space will include a dazzling new pavilion dedicated to Asian art , as well as lighter , brighter and impeccably restored halls , cupolas and galleries . Other milestones over the course of the year include the reopening of the Van Gogh Museum  April 25  , just in time to mark Vincent 's 160th birthday and the gallery 's 40th , and the 400th anniversary of the city 's canal ring , which was added to the World Heritage List in 2010 . Celebrations will be in order . Rijksmuseum , Jan Luijkenstraat 1 , Amsterdam , Netherlands ; +31  0  20 674 7000 ; www.rijksmuseum.nl Van Gogh Museum , Amstel 51 , Amsterdam , Netherlands ; +31  0  20 570 52 00 ; www.vangoghmuseum.nl Berlin , Germany Come October 2013 , Berlin will be much easier to fly into , thanks to the highly anticipated  and well overdue  opening of the Brandenburg Airport , replacing three other airports at a cost of more than $ 4.2 billion  US$ 5.4 billion  . Needless to say , it will be one of the most modern terminal buildings in the world . And when you do finally touch down you 'll be pleasantly surprised to find that Berlin is home to some of the most affordable five-star hotels in the world at the moment . Newcomers to look out for include the 232-room Waldorf Astoria Berlin  opening February  , as well as boutique properties Bikini Berlin and Leonardo Hotel Berlin Mitte . The Waldorf will be part of a large retail complex with upscale boutiques , a cinema and office space and will feature a spacious rooftop terrace and bar . The Leonardo will resemble a glass-and-metal pyramid and has been designed by notable German architect Eike Becker . Got a favorite or must-hit European destination ? Please share your suggestions in the comments .	Corsica is set to host part of the Tour de France for the first time in 2013 The Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam is reopening in April after a 10-year renovation Berlin is set to open a handful of luxury hotels Istanbul will host the inaugural edition of Art Istanbul International
CNN  -- As public protests against the Mubarak regime spread from Cairo to New York City , Egyptian-American activists on Friday called on the Obama adminstration to back the "  Lotus Revolution " to oust the authoritarian ruler . They also called on President Hosni Mubarak 's government to end its purported practices of detentions , torture and "  extrajudicial killings . " "  This day , I assure you , will be mentioned in history as a point of change all over the Middle East , said Mokhtar Kamel . "  Gone are the old days where antiquated brutal regimes are controlling the area . " "  To those in the United States and in the West who are quoting stability as an excuse for brutality . Guys , this is too late , " Kamel said . "  You have to change your mentality . " Kamel , vice president of the Coalition of Egyptian Organizations in North America , was one of several Egyptian-American activists to appear at the National Press Club in Washington Friday to talk about the protests . The press club event coincided with planned protests against the Mubarak regime in New York ; Jersey City , New Jersey ; and Washington . Kamel and others spoke with alarm and excitement over the protests taking place in their home country . They blasted the Egyptian government for using violence to suppress the demonstrations . They accused pro-goverment "  thugs " of setting fire to cars and blaming the acts on protesters . Dina Guirguis , an Egyptian-American and a fellow with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , told reporters that Egypt is currently under a "  communication blackout . " "  Internet service has been shut off completely since last night and mobile phone service as well , " Guirguis said . "  So many of us here have relatives back home , including myself . I have no idea where my brother is . " Samia Harris , a founder of the Alliance of Egyptian Americans  AEA  , appealed directly to top U.S. officials to change course in their response to the Egyptian crisis . "  Mr. Obama , " Harris said , "  please , please stand on the right side of history . Stand by the Egyptian people . " To Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Harris said , "  Mrs. Clinton , we know you are a good mom , there are a lot of girls , Egyptian girls in the street that are being beaten right now ... Mrs. Clinton , take your place in history and do what you can to stop the violence in Egypt . " Harris and other speakers hailed their former countrymen for their uncharacteristic bravery in taking to the streets to protest the Mubarak regime . "  For a long time , the Egyptian people were silent by fear . They were afraid , " said Ibrahim Hussein , vice president of the mid-Atlantic chapter of AEA . "  In the past three days this jail of fear in the Egyptian psyche has been broken and people are free to speak and to demonstrate . " Saad Eddin Ibrahim , a leading Egyptian human rights activist who was imprisoned for his criticism of Mubarak , called the protests taking place in his home country the "  Lotus Revoluton . " "  The lotus is the flower that was highly appreciated by ancient Egyptians , " said Ibrahim . "  I 'd like to salute our people . I 'd like to pay tribute to all Egyptians fallen under the guns of Mubarak . " Ibrahim said Mubarak has "  successfully duped Western governments as being the bulwark against terrorism , against extremism and the bulwark for peace . " "  Mubarak in 30 years , " said Ibrahim , "  did not advance the peace one inch . "	Egyptian-American activists call on President Barack Obama to "  stand on the right side of history " Prominent dissident dubs Egyptian protests the "  Lotus Revolution " Protests planned in New York City , New Jersey and Washington
Washington  CNN  -- His party got its clock cleaned in Tuesday 's midterm elections , but President Barack Obama still remains competitive in some hypothetical 2012 presidential election matchups , especially against Sarah Palin , a new poll shows . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Thursday also indicates that at the unofficial start of the race for the Republican presidential nomination , the field of possible contenders appears wide open with no front-runner . Twenty-one percent of Republicans say they would most likely support 2008 GOP White House candidate and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee for their party 's 2012 presidential nomination , according to the poll . The number is 20 percent for another 2008 Republican presidential hopeful , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Fourteen percent say they support Palin , the former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee , with 12 percent backing former House Speaker Newt Gingrich of Georgia . The remaining candidates , whose names were all in single digits , are led by Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , who also ran for the GOP presidential nomination the last time around , followed by Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana , and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania . The poll 's release comes as Santorum visits New Hampshire to give a speech about the midterm election results and the future of the Republican party . No one has yet to announce a bid for the GOP nomination . In a possible general election showdown , Obama leads Palin 52-44 percent among all registered voters . "  Looking ahead to 2012 , it may be too early to count Barack Obama out , particularly if Sarah Palin is his opponent , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  The former Alaska governor gets a lot of attention , but she is in third place when Republicans are asked to pick a presidential nominee , and in a hypothetical matchup with Obama she is arguably the weakest candidate of the top-tier GOP hopefuls . " In a hypothetical 2012 matchup , Huckabee leads Obama 52 - 44 percent , while Romney has a 50-45 point advantage , which is within the poll 's sampling error . Obama holds a 49-47 percent margin over Gingrich . The poll indicates that four in 10 have a favorable opinion of Palin , with nearly half saying they have an unfavorable view . Romney has a 36 percent favorable rating and a 29 percent unfavorable rating , with 35 percent unsure . Forty-two percent say they see Huckabee in a positive light , with 26 percent saying they hold a negative view and just over three in 10 are unsure . Gingrich has 32 percent favorable rating , with four in 10 saying they have an unfavorable view , and 28 percent unsure . On the Democratic side , nearly three-quarters of Democrats say they want to see the party renominate Obama in 2012 . Why does that matter ? "  No incumbent president has faced a significant primary challenge and gone on to win re-election in November , Holland added . "  Contested primaries make incumbents look weak and overly-political , and prevent the incumbent from building up goodwill while the opposition party candidates are fighting among themselves . " Avoiding a primary challenge wo n't guarantee Obama victory in November 2012 , but the fact that 73 percent of Democrats want to see the party renominate Obama may scare off any Democrats who are contemplating a run against him , and that gets him one step closer to a second term . The poll of 1,006 adult Americans , of which 921 were registered voters , was conducted by phone October 27-30 , before the midterm elections . The sample also included 500 respondents who describe themselves as Republicans or independents who lean Republican , and 453 respondents who describe themselves as Democrats or independents who lean Democratic . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN also conducted exit polls on Election Day in some of the states that vote first in the presidential primary calendar . In Iowa , 21 percent of Republicans questioned as they exited the voting booth said that Romney was their likely choice in the 2012 Iowa caucuses , with Huckabee also at 21 percent , Palin at 18 percent , Gingrich at 7 percent and one in five saying they would support another possible candidate . In New Hampshire , 39 percent of Republicans said that Romney is their likely choice in the state 's primary , with Palin at 18 percent , Huckabee at 11 percent , Gingrich at eight percent and 19 percent saying they would back another possible contender . Twenty-five percent of South Carolina Republicans say Palin would be their likely primary choice , followed by Huckabee at 24 percent , Romney at 21 percent and Gingrich at 10 percent . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee is the favorite for the GOP 2012 presidential nomination Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney is a close second Nearly three-quarters of Democrats say they want to see the party renominate Barack Obama in 2012
CNN  -- Lebanon has released Chadi Mawlawi , an activist who was helping Syrian refugees and whose arrest sparked fighting in Lebanon . The military investigating judge approved Mawlawi 's release on bail , the Lebanese state-run news agency NNA reported Tuesday . Fighting has been under way in parts of Lebanon , including suburbs of Tripoli , in what analysts describe as an extension of the unrest in neighboring Syria . Mawlawi , an Islamist activist , was supporting Syrian rebels and trying to help refugees in Lebanon by providing shelter and food when he was arrested , one of his cousins said . Lebanon accused Mawlawi of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group -- something his relatives deny . Nadim Shehadi , associate fellow of the Middle East and North Africa program at the London think tank Chatham House , said Lebanon is seeking neutrality and wants to avoid spillover from the Syrian violence . But "  that 's an impossible objective to attain because if you help the refugees , you 're supporting the revolution , and if you do n't help the revolution , you 're supporting the regime . " Violence in Lebanon has spread in recent days . Two clerics opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad were killed Monday at a military checkpoint in northern Lebanon . The deaths sparked clashes between rival political parties -- one supporting al-Assad and the other opposing him -- that left two other people dead and 18 wounded in Beirut , according to the state-run news agency . Derek Plumbly , the United Nations ' special coordinator for Lebanon , called for an end to the violence and said the incidents must be "  thoroughly investigated . " And U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States is "  concerned by the security situation . "	The arrest of Islamist activist Chadi Mawlawi ignited Lebanese conflicts about Syria violence Mawlawi was helping Syrian refugees in Lebanon Lebanon accused him of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group Violence killed four people Monday in Lebanon
CNN  -- An alleged terrorist leader suspected of plotting the bombing of a Philippine superferry more than four years ago , killing at least 116 people , has arrived in Manila after his arrest in Bahrain , a Philippine justice official said Saturday . Authorities suspect Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. was behind the 2004 superferry bombing . Authorities in Bahrain arrested Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. last month , said Ricardo Blancaflor , undersecretary at the Department of Justice . Lavilla was deported Saturday to Manila , where police arrested him and briefly paraded him in front of local media crews before locking him inside police headquarters , Blancaflor said . Lavilla is one of the top ideologues in the Rajah Solaiman Movement , a group of former Christians who converted to Islam and claim affiliation with the al Qaeda-linked regional terrorist groups Jemaah Islamiyah and Abu Sayyaf , Blancaflor said . Blancaflor said authorities suspect Lavilla helped plot the bombing of a superferry near Manila on February 27 , 2004 , in which at least 116 people died . They believe Lavilla also helped plan the bombing of a bus behind the Intercontinental Hotel in Manila on February 14 , 2005 , an attack that killed at least four people and came to be known as the Valentine 's Day Bombing . The bus bombing was part of a trio of attacks that happened that day . The two other blasts , both fatal , happened in the southern cities of General Santos and Davao . Blancaflor said he suspects Lavilla was also involved in the planning of several bomb attacks on the U.S. Embassy in Manila , all of which were thwarted by Philippine police . In describing Lavilla 's arrest in Bahrain , Blancaflor said only that police there arrested him as they were enforcing U.N. Security Council resolution 1276 , which imposed air travel and financial sanctions on the Taliban . Jemaah Islamiyah aims to create a Muslim "  superstate " across much of Southeast Asia . Authorities blame the group for the Bali , Indonesia nightclub bombings of 2002 , which killed more than 200 mostly Western tourists . The group is also suspected of subsequent attacks on the Australian Embassy and J.W. Marriott hotel , both in the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . The Abu Sayyaf group is one of several Islamic militant groups fighting the government in and around the southern Philippine island of Mindanao . CNN 's Rory Suchet contributed to this report .	Alleged terrorist leader accused of plotting superferry bombing held in Manila Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. , arrested in Bahrain , arrived in Philippines Saturday Lavilla allegedly belongs to group claiming affiliation to al Qaeda-linked network Authorities believe Lavilla plotted 2004 superferry bombing in which 116 died
Authorities are investigating why a University of South Alabama officer fatally shot an 18-year-old freshman who they say was naked and acting erratically outside the campus police station early Saturday . With few details of the shooting in the Gulf Coast city of Mobile , the student 's mother and one of his friends said they could not understand how a six-year varsity wrestler and good-natured teenager could have died under such strange and sad circumstances . According to a statement from the school , the campus police officer heard a loud banging noise on a window at the station at 1:23 a.m. CT  2:23 a.m. ET  Saturday . When he left the station to investigate , the school said , "  he was confronted by a muscular , nude man who was acting erratically . " Minnesota : police officer facing charges for hitting man in detox The man , later identified as Gilbert Thomas Collar , of Wetumpka , Alabama , repeatedly rushed and verbally challenged the officer in a fighting stance , the school said . The officer , whose name has n't been released , drew his weapon and ordered Collar to stop , the school said . The officer retreated several times to try to calm the situation . "  When the individual continued to rush toward the officer in a threatening manner and ignored the officer 's repeated commands to stop , the officer fired one shot with his police sidearm , which struck the chest of the assailant , " the school statement said . "  The individual fell to the ground , but he got up once more and continued to challenge the officer further before collapsing and expiring . " Collar 's mother , Bonnie , said the two people who called her with the news of her son -- someone from the school and another involved in the investigation -- did not mention that her son was trying to attack anyone when he was shot . "  He was wearing no clothes and he was obviously not in his right mind , " she told CNN . "  No one said that he had attacked anybody , and obviously he was not armed . He was completely naked . " Bonnie Collar said she did not know why her son was acting that way when he was killed . She said he weighed 135 pounds and was 5-foot-7 with a wrestler 's build . "  The first thing on my mind is , freshman kids do stupid things , and campus police should be equipped to handle activity like that without having to use lethal force , " she said . Campus police immediately contacted the district attorney 's office to request an external investigation , and the Mobile County Sheriff 's Department will assist , the school said . The officer has been placed on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and external investigations , according to the school , which enrolls about 15,000 students . Philadelphia : Officer who struck parade-goer will be fired Investigators are looking at security camera tape of the shooting , Collar 's mother said . CNN 's calls about the tape were referred to school spokesman Keith Ayers , who did not immediately return a message seeking comment . Earlier Saturday , Ayers called it a "  campus tragedy " for the university family but offered no other details , citing the active investigation . One of Collar 's oldest friends was Chris Estes , 18 . He said the boys became friends at age 5 and grew up playing baseball together . Along with their friend Jared , they became three best friends with the slogan "  JGC for life , " Estes told CNN by e-mail . "  Gil was a very ` chill ' guy , mellow and easy going , " Estes wrote . "  That 's why I do n't understand the story that he attacked the cop . He got along with anybody at school no matter who you were . He could always have a conversation with anyone . As many times as I 've hung out with Gil , I 've never seen aggression in him , especially not towards a cop . " As the boys grew up in Wetumpka , Estes said , Collar stopped playing baseball to focus more on his dominant sport , wrestling . Collar 's mother said he was a two-time state qualifier in wrestling , and Estes said he could have wrestled at the collegiate level if he chose . "  Gil loved to hang out with friends , he loved having a good time and made the best out of every situation , always keeping his head up , " said Estes , who stayed behind to attend nearby Auburn University at Montgomery . Estes said it 's unfortunate he did n't go off to college with his friend . "  If I did , I think the whole situation would have been avoided , " he said . Collar 's mother said their hometown of nearly 8,000 people is in disbelief about the shooting . On Twitter , some used the hashtag #WetuFam  Wetumpka Family  on Saturday in remembering Collar . "  Our entire community is in shock because this is so different than his demeanor and his personality that we 've seen for the 18 years that he 's been on this earth , " she said . Texas : Police kill amputee in wheelchair at group home for the mentally ill	The University of South Alabama says the student was acting erratically The school says the student charged the officer , who drew his gun 18-year-old Gilbert Thomas Collar was killed in the Saturday shooting His mother and friend says he was a varsity wrestler and a good-natured guy
CNN  -- Apple says it has fixed a glitch that was causing apps downloaded from its online store to crash this week . "  We had a temporary issue that began yesterday with a server that generated DRM code for some apps being downloaded , " Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said . "  It affected a small number of users . The issue has been rectified and we do n't expect it to occur again . " "  DRM " stands for "  digital rights management , " the system that gives a user access to copyrighted content . Users who had trouble launching an app can delete and download it again , Muller said . The problem came to light Wednesday when Marco Arment , the creator of mobile app Instapaper , blogged and tweeted that an update to that app was crashing and fading to black immediately after people downloaded it . He documented more than 100 apps that also appeared to be having the same problem , including "  Angry Birds , " Huffington and GoodReader , before saying it was getting too hard to keep up with complaints that were coming in . In the interim , GoodReader had issued a 24-step procedure to work around the problem . The glitch was impacting apps for the mobile operating system that runs iPhones and iPads as well as apps for Macs .	Apple says Friday a glitch causing apps to crash has been fixed Problem was noted by creator of the app Instapaper Users can delete , then re-install , affected apps
CNN  The Coxes can rest more comfortably living in Georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the marijuana extract she needs . "  This means the world to us , " said Haleigh Cox 's mother , Janea Cox . Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill Thursday that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "  medication-resistant epilepsies , " while creating an infrastructure , registration process and research program for the drug .  THC is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana . The bill is dubbed Haleigh 's Hope Act . Haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl . Janea Cox said in a March 2014 interview that she made the difficult decision to move her daughter to Colorado , where medical marijuana is legal , in hopes of saving her life . "  She was maxed out , " Cox said . "  She 'd quit breathing several times a day , and the doctors blamed it on the seizure medications . " 10 diseases marijuana could affect Cox had heard that a form of medical marijuana might help , but it was n't available in Georgia . So a week after hearing a doctor 's diagnosis that Haleigh might not live another three months , she and Haleigh packed up and moved to Colorado Springs , Colorado . There , Haleigh began a regimen of cannabis oil : four times a day and once at night . "  Every time she smiled I knew we did the right thing , because we had n't seen her smile in three years , " Cox said . "  Now she 's thriving , she 's healthy , she 's happy , and they 're absolutely shocked at the difference . So I think we 've turned some nonbelievers into believers of cannabis oil . " Deal is apparently one of those believers , signing HB1 on Thursday and opening the door for the use of cannabis oil to treat certain medical conditions . The bill will benefit not only people who suffer from chronic seizure disorders , but it also will allow patients to receive in-state treatment . To obtain a license in Georgia , you will need to have a specific covered condition , such as acute seizures . "  For the families enduring separation and patients suffering pain , the wait is finally over , " Deal said Thursday . " ... Now , Georgia children and their families may return home while continuing to receive much-needed care . " For Cox , it 's a blessing "  to be able to come back home , and with Haleigh 's medicine , it 's done wonders for her -- going from 200-plus seizures a day and on her deathbed to a smiling , happy girl who says words now and looks us in the eye and lets us know she 's in there . " She added , "  Colorado has been good to us , but Georgia 's home . Georgia 's definitely home . " With medical marijuana legal in nearly half the states , doctors are increasingly studying what effect the drug has on various ailments . While Georgia 's law is specific to a handful of conditions , medical marijuana laws in states such as California permit marijuana use for an array of ailments . But as states rewrite their regulations , federal law remains the same : Marijuana is illegal to grow , sell or use for any purpose . Under the Controlled Substances Act , marijuana is listed on Schedule 1 , meaning it has "  no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . " To backers of reform , it presents a Catch-22 : Marijuana is restricted , in large part , because there is scant research to support medical uses , yet research is difficult to conduct because of tight restrictions .	Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signs a medical marijuana bill The bill is inspired by Haleigh Cox , a 5-year-old whose seizures threatened her life
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A day and a half after he was arrested on a drunk-driving charge , FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt co-piloted a government jet to North Carolina as part of a proficiency flight , Federal Aviation Administration officials confirmed Wednesday . The flight was planned before Babbitt 's Saturday-night arrest , officials said , and took place as scheduled Monday morning . Babbitt does not appear to have violated any FAA rules by taking the flight . Since he has not been convicted of DWI , he was under no formal obligation to report the arrest , and there is no suggestion that he violated a "  bottle to throttle " rule requiring eight hours to pass between alcohol consumption and flying . But Babbitt earned the ire of his boss -- Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood -- by not notifying him of the arrest . LaHood learned of the arrest about 1 p.m. Monday after a Virginia police department published a press release announcing the arrest . Babbitt , meanwhile , was just returning from the proficiency flight . Within an hour , the DOT issued a press release saying that Babbitt had asked to be placed on leave , and the request had been accepted . On Tuesday , LaHood told reporters he was "  very disappointed " in the way he had learned about the arrest . Babbitt resigned later Tuesday , saying he did not want anything to "  cast a shadow " on the FAA . The resignation brought to an end a tumultuous four days that began about 10:30 p.m. Saturday when a Fairfax , Virginia , police officer said he noticed Babbitt driving on the wrong side of Old Lee Highway , police said . Babbitt was the sole occupant of the vehicle and cooperated fully with police , according to police Police said after it was determined that Babbitt was under the influence of alcohol , he was taken to a jail where he was charged with driving while intoxicated and released on personal recognizance . FAA officials said Babbitt had no official duties over the weekend . Babbitt did not return a reporter 's phone call . On Monday , Babbitt went on a proficiency flight in an FAA aircraft , departing Reagan National Airport near Washington , flying to Hickory , North Carolina , and then on to Charlotte , where the plane landed for fuel before returning to Washington . The flight was intended as training for the FAA 's new satellite-based navigation system known as Next Gen , the FAA said . The FAA said administrators with pilot 's licenses are permitted to fly FAA aircraft . "  Randy Babbitt served as a licensed pilot and maintained qualifications to fly FAA airplanes on official business , " the FAA said . "  This helps provide firsthand knowledge of the U.S. aviation system . " In this case , another pilot served as pilot in command during the flight , the FAA said . Under federal regulations , FAA-licensed pilots must notify the FAA within 60 days of being convicted of a drunk driving charge , or when they apply for medical recertification . Neither applied to Babbitt , although officials said senior officials are held to a higher standard .	Babbitt was arrested on a drunk-driving charge Saturday night On Monday he was co-pilot on a government flight from DC to North Carolina The proficiency flight was scheduled before the arrest , officials said Babbitt resigned as head of the FAA on Tuesday ; flight broke no rules
CNN  At least 30 people , including two children , have been killed in shelling in the southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol , city officials said Saturday , in the latest violence to rock the disputed Donetsk region . Another 102 people were injured , at least 75 of whom needed hospital treatment , and many suffered shrapnel injuries , Mariupol City Council said . Pro-Russian separatists are blamed for the attack on residential areas in the port city , Donetsk regional police chief Vyacheslav Abroskin said on his Facebook page . The Interior Ministry said one person was arrested in connection with the attack . Based on preliminary assessments , the shells were fired from Grad rocket systems , a statement from Mariupol City Council said . The statement also said the situation was under control , and urged residents not to panic but to rely on information from official sources only . Monitors with the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe said they conducted a crater analysis which showed the use of Grad and Uragan rockets that likely originated from areas controlled by the pro-Russian rebel group Donetsk People 's Republic  DPR  . The shelling comes amid a surge in fighting between government forces and pro-Russian separatists . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry warned of increased international pressure on Russia . "  We call on Russia to end its support for separatists immediately , close the international border with Ukraine , and withdraw all weapons , fighters and financial backing , " Kerry said in a statement . The White House says Vice President Biden spoke with Ukraine President Poroshenko on Saturday . They "  expressed grave concern over Russia 's blatant disregard for its commitments under the September Minsk agreement and unilateral escalation of the conflict , " the White House said . The two leaders vowed to "  ensure that the costs continue to rise on Russia for its aggressive actions against Ukraine . " Thousands have been killed since the conflict broke out in the spring of last year and a ceasefire agreed to in September in Minsk , Belarus , crumbled long ago . U.S. officials took to Twitter to condemn the latest violence . "  Today 's indiscriminate shelling of Mariupol  is  part of an apparently Russian-backed general offensive in complete violation of Minsk agreements , " said U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt . "  Russia 's escalation continues -- Kremlin 's callous disregard for human life  incl Russian soldiers  on full display in Ukraine , " said Daniel Baer , the U.S. ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe  OSCE  . The foreign ministers of Ukraine and Russia met this week in Berlin to discuss a way out of the violence . But despite the talks , violence in the breakaway Donetsk and Luhansk regions shows no sign of abating . Thursday 's shelling of a transit stop in Donetsk city -- an attack that Ukraine 's Defense Ministry blamed on rebels -- killed eight civilians , according to state news reports . But Ukrainian troops have come under heavy fire as well . That includes 115 attacks in a recent 24-hour period that killed three troops and wounded 50 more , Ukrinform , the Ukrainian national news agency , reported Friday . The OSCE monitoring mission in Ukraine condemned continuing fighting in civilian areas in a statement Saturday and urged both sides to refrain from using force in such areas , including near Donetsk airport . "  Using residential areas as firing positions attracts counter-firing to these areas , further endangering the lives of civilians , " it said . "  All parties need to take robust and immediate action in order to end the new escalation in fighting and its heavy toll on civilians . " Opinion : Time to rethink Ukraine deal Ukraine and the West accuse Russia of sending troops and equipment over the border . In a bid to put pressure on Moscow over Ukraine , the United States and European Union have imposed financial sanctions against Russian interests . Wednesday , for instance , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said "  more than 9,000 Russian troops  crossed  our Russian-Ukrainian border , bring with them hundreds and hundreds of tanks , armed personnel carriers , and killing Ukrainian civilians and attacking Ukrainian troops . " Moscow denies the claims . Russian President Vladimir Putin blamed the wave of recent casualties on those giving the order to fire in heavily populated areas , in remarks reported by the state-run Itar-Tass news agency Friday . "  Those who give such criminal orders bear responsibility for this . People doing that should know that there is no other way of resolving such conflicts than peace negotiations and political measures , " he said . Putin also suggested Ukraine was not interested in finding a peaceful resolution to the crisis and said he hoped "  common sense " would prevail . The conflict in eastern Ukraine broke out after Russia annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region , as pro-Russia separatists claimed control of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . From mid-April 2014 to January 21 , the conflict killed at least 5,086 people and injured at least 10,948 others , according to the United Nations . "  We fear that the real figure may be considerably higher , " the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said about the death toll in a report released Friday . No truce with Ukraine , rebel leader says CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry calls on Russia to end separatist support OSCE monitors say rockets were likely fired from pro-Russian rebel territory Fighting between rebels and government forces has intensified in recent days
CNN  There is no precedent in contemporary weather records for the kinds of droughts the country 's West will face , if greenhouse gas emissions stay on course , a NASA study said . No precedent even in the past 1,000 years . The feared droughts would cover most of the western half of the United States -- the Central Plains and the Southwest . Those regions have suffered severe drought in recent years . But it does n't compare in the slightest to the ` megadroughts ' likely to hit them before the century is over due to global warming . These will be epochal , worthy of a chapter in Earth 's natural history . Even if emissions drop moderately , droughts in those regions will get much worse than they are now , NASA said . The space agency 's study conjures visions of the sun scorching cracked earth that is baked dry of moisture for feet below the surface , across vast landscapes , for decades . Great lake reservoirs could dwindle to ponds , leaving cities to ration water to residents who have n't fled east . "  Our projections for what we are seeing is that , with climate change , many of these types of droughts will likely last for 20 , 30 , even 40 years , " said NASA climate scientist Ben Cook . That 's worse and longer than the historic Dust Bowl of the 1930s , when "  black blizzards " -- towering , blustery dust walls -- buried Southern Plains homes , buggies and barns in dirt dunes . It lasted about 10 years . Though long , it was within the framework of a contemporary natural drought . To find something almost as extreme as what looms , one must go back to Medieval times . Nestled in the shade of Southwestern mountain rock , earthen Ancestral Pueblo housing offers a foreshadowing . The tight , lively villages emptied out in the 13th century 's Great Drought that lasted more than 30 years . No water . No crops . Starvation drove populations out to the east and south . If NASA 's worst case scenario plays out , what 's to come could be worse . Its computations are based on greenhouse gas emissions continuing on their current course . And they produce an 80 % chance of at least one drought that could last for decades . One "  even exceeding the duration of the long term intense ` megadroughts ' that characterized the really arid time period known as the Medieval Climate Anomaly , " Cook said . That was a period of heightened global temperatures that lasted from about 1100 to 1300 -- when those Ancestral Pueblos dispersed . Global average temperatures are already higher now than they were then , the study said . The NASA team 's study was very data heavy . It examined past wet and dry periods using tree rings going back 1,000 years and compared them with soil moisture from 17 climate models , NASA said in the study published in Science Advances . Scientists used super computers to calculate the models forward along the lines of human induced global warming scenarios . The models all showed a much drier planet . Some Southwestern areas that are currently drought-stricken are filling up with more people , creating more demand for water while reservoirs are already strained . The predicted megadroughts will wrack water supplies much harder , NASA Goddard Space Flight Center said . "  These droughts really represent events that nobody in the history of the United States has ever had to deal with , " Cook said . Compared with the last millennium , the dryness will be unprecedented . Adapting to it will be tough .	The current drought is bad , but it 's no megadrought NASA : If greenhouse gas emissions do n't drastically drop , the nation 's West faces droughts that could last decades
CNN  -- Inventor Glenn Martin admits he appears crazy -- "  But it 's the crazy people who change the world . " "  Some people work on old cars , some do quilting , some collect stamps , I build jetpacks . " Night after night for 30 years , the New Zealand father-of-two worked on a secret machine in his garage . Wife Vanessa was one of the few people who knew about the space-age contraption quietly taking shape at their home in Christchurch . Luckily for Martin she was not only "  as crazy as him , " but petite enough to be its first test pilot . Twelve prototypes and $ 17 million later , and what started as a young university student 's hobby could soon be on the market , the first flying machine of its kind ever to be commercially sold . Behold the "  Martin Jetpack . " "  I wanted to fly to school as a five-year-old , " said the 54-year-old inventor , who previously worked in marketing in the pharmaceutical industry . "  I saw ` Lost in Space , ' ` Thunderbirds , ' and the Apollo program when I was young . When Neil Armstrong stepped onto the moon , I knew that anything was possible . Somehow we lost that spirit . " Everyone that is , except Martin . Fabulous flying machines With a wingspan of just over 2 meters , his futuristic flying machine can travel 74 kilometers per hour and soar 900 meters into the sky . Powered by a V4 200-horsepower engine , it zooms through the air on two giant ducted fans , with enough fuel to last 30 minutes . Should the pilot let go of the controls , the jetpack will automatically hover on the spot . An inbuilt parachute can also be launched in an emergency . It might seem like an unlikely design for a man with a degree in biochemistry and physiology . But as Martin says , building things is just part of the "  Kiwi " way -- referring to the nickname for people from New Zealand . "  Kiwis live outdoor lifestyles and by the time I was 20 I could ski , mountain climb , abseil , ice skate , kayak , surf , hang glide and skydive , " he explained . "  We have a tradition of making what we need , of inventing things . So Jetpacks are a normal extension for the people who created the jetboat and bungee jump . " Mission impossible ? Martin is now on the search for investors to help get his jetpack , ahem , off the ground . The company needs $ 4 million in funding . Should it succeed , the machine could be available just months later , with a price tag of around $ 150,000 . But just what will this daring design be used for ? "  Our first product will be targeted at First Responders -- fire brigades , the police , ambulance services , along with search and rescue , disaster recovery , and border control , " said the company 's chief executive , Peter Coker . "  There will also be an unmanned version capable of lifting 100kg in weight . We 've already had interest from many other places , including mining and agricultural companies . " There are also plans to release the jetpack to the tourism industry and ultimately to individuals -- though its use will come down to aviation laws in each country . New pilots would also be required to undertake a week-long training course . Cities of the future Could we really see people flying jetpacks around our cities in the future ? "  The jetpack is well-suited to operate in cities , " said Coker . "  Without the large rotor blades similar to a helicopter , it can operate in confined spaces . " "  There is less opportunity at present for personal jetpacks to fly around urban environments , due to regulations . But I think this will probably change over time as new approaches of highways in the sky for personal transport are developed . " For Martin , it would be a little boy 's dream come true . "  I was three-years-old when Al Shepard went into space , four-years-old when John Glenn completed an orbit , nine-years-old when Apollo 11 went to the moon , and 21-years-old when I decided to make a jetpack , " he says . At 54 , he could be about to fly into the history books himself . Watch : Can this drone get you home ?	The ` Martin Jetpack ' could soon be the first commercially sold jetpack Invented by Kiwi Glenn Martin , who worked on design for 30 years in garage Looking for $ 4m in funding to get product onto market Can fly 74kmph , soar 900m in air , and last 30 minutes before refueling
CNN  -- LeRoi Moore , saxophonist and founding member of the Dave Matthews Band , died Tuesday from complications stemming from injuries he sustained in an ATV accident , the band 's publicist said . LeRoi Moore , a founding member of the Dave Matthews Band , died Tuesday . Moore , 46 , died "  unexpectedly " at a hospital , publicist Ambrosia Healy said in a statement . Moore was taken to Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , and had been rehabilitating at his L.A. home after the June 30 accident at his farm outside Charlottesville , Virginia . The Dave Matthews Band was formed in Charlottesville in 1991 by Matthews , Carter Beauford , Stefan Lessard , Boyd Tinsley and Moore , an established saxophonist in the local music scene . Their first album , "  Remember Two Things , " was released in 1993 and featured what would become the band 's trademark mixture of jazz , rock and world-music stylings . iReport.com : Are you a Dave Matthews fan ? "  Jazz is probably my main influence , but at this stage I do n't really consider myself a jazz musician , " Moore is quoted as saying on the band 's Web site . "  I have plenty of space to improvise , to try new ideas . " The band 's follow-up record , "  Under the Table and Dreaming , " has been certified quadruple-platinum , selling over 4 million copies . The group went ahead with a scheduled show Tuesday night at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . Jeff Coffin , saxophonist for Bela Fleck and the Flecktones , has been sitting in for Moore since Moore 's accident . Matthews announced the death of the band 's "  dear friend " to the crowd . Concertgoer Christian Tomas of Anaheim , California , said by telephone from the Staples Center that word of the death had spread through the crowd before the show . "  All of us are just really sad and down about it , " said Tomas , a longtime fan . "  But if Dave and the band decided to go on with the show , that means they know it was the right thing to do and Leroi would have wanted it . "	NEW : Band went ahead with show in Los Angeles , remembering "  dear friend " Founding member of Dave Matthews Band died Tuesday afternoon Spokeswoman : He suffered complications stemming from a June ATV accident Moore had returned to L.A. home to start intense rehabilitation program
Mental Floss  -- Have you ever been watching television and thought , "  Wow , this soap opera is so good it could cause the downfall of a corrupt communist regime , " or even , "  I bet one day this show is going to send the first woman into space " ? Well , maybe you 're not giving the boob tube enough credit . Popular television shows have influenced politics in the United States and around the world . While others are busy blaming television for all of society 's downfalls , we think it 's time someone stood up for ye olde idiot box . After all , these 10 television shows did n't just entertain , they helped convince the world to get with the program . 1 . "  DALLAS " The Show that Overthrew a Dictator Well , kind of . "  Dallas " was one of the most popular TV shows in history -- and nowhere was it more talked about than in Nicolae Ceausescu 's communist Romania . How did the soap opera get past Romanian censors ? With help from "  Dallas " leading man , J.R. Ewing , of course . Because J.R. was portrayed as a despicable oil baron , Ceausescu 's government presumably decided the show must be anti-capitalist . Whatever the reasoning , "  Dallas " became a runaway hit when it arrived in Romania in 1979 . A series about wealthy , beautiful people  evil or not  was an inspiration to Romania 's poor and dejected masses . Eventually , the government decided such Western television was a bad influence , and "  Dallas " was taken off the air in 1981 . But by then , it was too late . The fantasies of Western life lived on in the imaginations of Romanians , and in 1989 , Ceausescu was overthrown during a public uprising . Not incidentally , the actor who played J.R. , Larry Hagman , visited Romania some years later and was treated as a hero . In an interview following the experience , Hagman said , "  People from Bucharest came up to me in the street with tears in their eyes saying , ` J.R. saved our country . ' " 2 . "  SEE IT NOW " The Show that Ended McCarthyism If you know your 1950s history  or if you saw the movie "  Good Night , and Good Luck "  , you know the impact crusading journalist Edward R. Murrow had on American politics . His vehicle for galvanizing change ? The current affairs show , "  See It Now , " which premiered in 1951 . Well known as a World War II radio correspondent , Murrow was n't a fan of television initially . He wanted to go beyond the talking-head discussions and newsreels that filled most nightly news shows at the time . So when he finally decided to move forward with "  See It Now , " he did so on his own terms . The show 's debut episode featured television 's first live coast-to-coast transmission , which included a split-screen of the Brooklyn Bridge on one side and the Golden Gate on the other . Murrow also broke new ground by airing a day in the lives of Korean War soldiers . Of course , the show 's most influential role was in exposing Senator Joseph McCarthy 's anti-communist fear campaign and opening Americans ' eyes to the many lives and careers it was ruining . Thanks in part to fallout from Murrow 's broadcast on March 9 , 1954 , the U.S. Senate reprimanded McCarthy for abusing his power , and McCarthyism came to an abrupt end . Murrow was n't afraid to take on rogue senators , and later , he proved he was n't scared to take on Big Tobacco , either . Two episodes of "  See It Now " explored the link between cigarettes and cancer -- a brave move , considering television depended heavily on tobacco sponsorships at the time . But perhaps Murrow had a personal interest in the story . A three-pack-a-day smoker who regularly appeared on camera with a cigarette in hand , Murrow died of lung cancer in 1965 . 3 . "  GENERAL ELECTRIC THEATER " The Show that Turned Ronald Reagan into a Republican In the early 1950s , film actor Ronald Reagan was at a low point in his career . So when Taft Schreiber , of the Music Corporation of America , got him a gig as the host of the anthology series "  General Electric Theater , " Reagan jumped at the opportunity . For $ 125,000 a year and part-ownership of the program , he not only hosted the show , but also toured America as a "  goodwill ambassador " for the electricity giant , giving speeches to plant employees and acting as its public spokesperson . By the time "  General Electric Theater " was cancelled in 1962 , Reagan was a new man . Turns out , all those years defending free enterprise for one of the nation 's biggest multinational companies had transformed Reagan into one of America 's leading conservative speakers . Although the actor had long been a Democrat , the Republican Schreiber convinced Reagan to change political parties . Four years later , the newly Republican Reagan was elected governor of California , and the rest is presidential history . 4 . "  CATHY COME HOME " The Drama that Transformed the Welfare State Directed by Ken Loach  who later became one of Britain 's most respected filmmakers  , the drama "  Cathy Come Home " was a poignant episode of the BBC-1 anthology series The Wednesday Play . It told the tragic story of Cathy Ward , a young wife and mother who becomes the victim of Britain 's welfare state . Going from working-class struggle to dire poverty , Cathy 's journey begins when her husband loses his job following an accident and becomes unable to support the family . In a painful spiral toward destitution , Cathy suffers through various states of homelessness , separates from her husband , and eventually , has her children forcibly taken away from her by government council workers . A truly horrifying story , its impact was compounded by the fact that "  Cathy Come Home " was filmed in such a realistic style that some viewers thought it was a documentary . And although the Conservative Party government claimed the movie was "  full of blunders , " Labour Party politician Anthony Greenwood said the show should be "  compulsory viewing once a month for the next five years . " British audiences agreed , and "  Cathy Come Home " was aired again shortly after . The ensuing public outrage helped bring major changes to British welfare law . Other nations followed suit , with similar reforms and charities . 5 . "  THE SMOTHERS BROTHERS COMEDY HOUR " The Show that Swung an Election "  The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour " was many things . It was the first network TV show to make fun of the Establishment , support America 's counterculture , and have enough nerve to put blacklisted singers  such as Joan Baez and Pete Seeger  back on the air . Ironically , however , the show 's major achievement might have been making Richard Nixon president . As a gag , show star Pat Paulsen ran for office during the 1968 presidential election . "  I 'm consistently vague on the issues , " announced Paulsen on national television , "  and I 'm continuing to make promises that I 'll be unable to fulfill . " Regardless of his humorous motives , Paulsen seemed to have a "  Ralph Nader Effect , " stealing 200,000 votes from the Democrats and helping to swing one of the closest elections in history . Thanks to Paulsen 's efforts , Nixon narrowly defeated Democratic candidate Hubert Humphrey . "  Hubert Humphrey told me I cost him the election , " recalled Paulsen , "  and he was n't smiling when he said it . " E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	"  Dallas " gave poor Romanians a view of a better life J.R. Ewing actor Larry Hagman greeted as hero in the country Hubert Humphrey blamed comic for election loss
CNN  -- It was one of those mom moments , one of those "  no matter how much you try to plan and do for your children , you ca n't think of everything " realizations .  If you have kids , you know exactly what I mean . I received the advisory about Turner Broadcasting 's "  Take Your Kid to Work Day " plan , part of the national "  Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day " scheduled for Thursday .  Turner Broadcasting is CNN 's parent company . Here in New York , children ages 8 to 13 will try their hand at being a television anchor by reading from a teleprompter ; interview CNN anchors and reporters and get a tour of CNN 's studios and newsrooms . It would be a dream-come-true kind of day for my oldest daughter , who just turned 8 , and already seems way too comfortable with a microphone in her hand .  "  What about being a doctor ? " my journalist husband and I joke when we suspect our gal might follow in our footsteps . But then came the realization that I had committed to another event the same day . I 'll be moderating a panel of amazing women , which is a wonderful thing to do -- but it means I wo n't be able to take my daughters to work , something I 've tried to do nearly every year . I love the whole concept behind the day , giving our children a chance to see what we do when we 're not with them while learning about careers that can help influence their professional paths . While my scheduling snafu will likely put me in the doghouse at home for a short time , it does eliminate a challenge I encountered each year , the same one faced by more than 37 million Americans who are participating in the 21st annual day of parents taking their children to work : How to make the day fun and interesting for children , yet realistic ? Having our kids think every day is a party does n't communicate the career aspect of the event -- and no workplace needs children wreaking havoc on the business day . A meltdown in a grocery store is downright cringe-worthy . The same such outburst outside your cubicle ? Exponentially more uncomfortable . You can imagine the eye rolls now and the conversation around the water cooler , "  What kind of parent lets their kid do that ? " So , in honor of my fellow parents , I put together five tips , almost a survival guide , to help parents , their sons and daughters get the most out of this special day . 1 . Make it memorable This does n't mean you have to turn your office environment into a middle school dance party or a visit to Disneyworld , but you do want to make sure your child gets something out of the experience . Having your son or daughter sit next to you in your cubicle while you work on a computer and they play video games is not much different than what they could do at home . "  You do n't bring a child there to babysit , " said George McKecuen , a communications specialist with the Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day Foundation . "  We heard where people bring the children when they 're like 5 and 6 months old . I ca n't think of a horror story much worse than having to do a job and babysit " an infant , he said . 2 . Plan , plan , plan Many companies will do the planning for you , scheduling a series of events throughout the day to keep the children busy and engaged . "  Whoever is setting up your program has to set it up so the stress is not on the parent to babysit  and  there are things for the young people to do throughout the day , " McKecuen said . "  It 'll make the young people feel better . It 'll make the parents feel better too . " If no one is doing the planning for you , do it yourself . Schedule some meaningful events for the day -- introduce your children to your colleagues and have them talk about what they do , have your children attend different meetings with you , show them how you are trying to solve a problem , or have them give you input to help you solve a problem . As with all parenting , planning goes a long way . 3 . Do n't lose track of them This sounds obvious , but it 's easy to see how it can happen . A parent gets busy with a project or a long conference call , gets distracted and then within minutes their son or daughter is wandering the hallways . Not a problem if you 've explained to your children what 's expected of them and where they need to be at all times , but somewhat tense if they accidentally walk into a conference room that just happens to be where your boss is holding a big meeting . How do you spell stressful ? Parents should explain to children that normal business is operating while they are there . McKecuen suggests telling them : "  We expect you to behave like you would in somebody else 's home . This is not a runaway activity . " To keep the anxieties in check , have a plan on what your children can do with you and without you , and where they are expected to be throughout the day . 4 . Do n't have your kids do your job If you thought this was your chance to get out of coming up with ideas for the big management meeting , or entering the data for the end of quarter reports , think again ! "  This is not a day to put children to work , " McKecuen said . The goal , of course , is for them to see what you do , and who you work with , and to get a sense of whether your career is one they 'd like to pursue down the road . "  The important thing is to make them feel that they 're having not just a free day , but they 're having a learning experience that will be meaningful , yet not too stressful to them . " 5 . Snack time Putting in a day 's work entitles any child some kind of treat when it 's all over . As you enjoy a snack together , ask your child what they liked about the day and what they did n't , and what they learned by going to work with you . Their answers will not only help you figure out how to make next year 's "  Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day " even better . They might even help you realize what you love about your job and what you do n't . Are you participating in "  Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day " ? Chime in in the comments below or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook .	Millions are expected to join in "  Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day " This is the 21st year for the annual event that asks parents take their children to work For many parents , the challenge is how to make the day fun and meaningful "  You do n't bring a child there to babysit , " a spokesman for the organizers said
CNN  -- Intensifying violence , food shortages and widespread drought are driving an increasing number of Somalis to seek asylum in Yemen , the United Nations ' refugee agency said Tuesday . A man brandishes a knife while others carry old notes during a demonstration against record-high inflation . More than 15,000 refugees have arrived in the Yemeni port city of Aden since January , compared with 7,166 people in the first four months of 2007 , according to a spokesperson for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Many of those seeking asylum brave treacherous boat trips across the Gulf of Aden . Consequently , the number of boats landing in Aden has jumped from 60 to 361 since January while the number of fatalities has remained constant , according to UNHCR . The agency attributed the surge to strife in Somalia , where riots continued in the capital city of Mogadishu for the second day Tuesday . According to news reports , Somali soldiers killed at least two people Monday during the protests over rising food prices . Watch protesters take to the streets " Somali refugees pay as much as $ 150 to cross the Gulf of Aden in search of asylum . Because of its proximity to the war-torn country , Yemen is a common destination for Somalis fleeing economic hardship , famine and war . Yemen is also an attractive location because Somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow Muslim country . New smuggling routes across the Red Sea have also led to increased numbers of refugees in Yemen , according to the UNHCR . Refugees often die before reaching Yemen because of dangerous sea conditions and overcrowded vessels . Others die at the hands of their smugglers , who order the passengers to jump overboard when the Yemeni coast guard approaches the vessel . Yemen 's coast guard stepped up patrols of its coastline this year in an attempt to deter smugglers , according to the UNHCR , which operates shelters and reception centers for refugees in Yemen . The coast guard has also seized boats and given them Somali fishermen affected by the 2004 tsunami .	Agency attributes surging number of refugees in Yemen to unrest in Somalia More than 15,000 refugees have come to port city of Aden since January New routes across the Red Sea to Yemen also contributing to increase
CNN  -- The likely failure of Friday 's Geneva 2 conference to produce a credible political process to end Syria 's civil war points up the painfully obvious : Syria -- a conflict seemingly without end -- is a moral , humanitarian and strategic tragedy . But it is neither an American tragedy nor the Obama administration 's fault nor responsibility . This does not mean the United States is free to ignore the Syrian conflict ; nor that its continuation does n't negatively affect American interests . What it does mean is that the President 's risk-averse policy -- containment , humanitarian assistance , helping to organize and supply certain rebel groups , and keeping open the possibility of a political track -- is absolutely right . The administration should continue to ignore its critics ' call for a more assertive policy , particularly if after a failed Geneva conference , there are calls for military action . Here 's why : We ca n't fix Syria With 130,000-plus dead , thousands more wounded , a traumatized nation , and the social fabric of its society in shreds , Syria is beyond immediate repair or rescue . Short of a major international military intervention , followed by a massive humanitarian and reconstruction effort in the billions and thousands of peacekeepers whose stay would be measured in years not months , the Syrian conflict will go on . The notion that America can now intercede -- or at any point in the past three years , could have intervened -- in a way that would have stabilized the situation , let alone put Syria back together in some new form , is an illusion . With 140,000 U.S. forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and trillions expended over a decade , we have not been able to fundamentally alter the politics of either nation in a way that promises security or good governance . In Egypt , where the United States supposedly had leverage from $ 1.3 billion in military assistance over its closest Arab partner , Washington has been unable to alter the course of Egypt 's politics and has become the object of antipathy by almost every faction in the country . These failures have little to do with U.S. policy , and much more to do with the reality that America does n't control the world and can not dictate to societies composed of corporatist , religious and tribal elements who have their own interests and vision . To think we could dictate , let alone significantly influence Syria -- the poster child for sectarian and ethnic conflict and regional intervention -- is sheer folly . We ca n't even help the Syrians fix Syria The notion that in 2011 , the United States had a major opportunity to avoid the current situation , pre-empt the radicalization of the country through an infusion of jihadi groups , and unify a secular or moderate Islamist opposition is also illusory . Had the Obama administration been willing to supply a vetted opposition with sophisticated weaponry , including shoulder launched ground to air missiles , sophisticated anti-tank weaponry , and been willing to neutralize President Bashar al-Assad 's air force through offensive no-fly zones , there would still have been no guarantees that a divisive and inchoate opposition could have remained unified and effective . Even military strikes in the wake of Syria 's use of chemical weapons would likely have had to have been followed by a sustained military campaign of some kind . And nobody in the administration , least of all Obama , was prepared to embark on such an open-ended military campaign  for which the American people have shown no appetite  . At the end of the day , such an effort would still not have answered the question : Who or what would have been able to hold the country together , stop the vendettas , police the borders and intervene to stop the inexorable struggle for control between Sunnis and Alawis ? Military intervention was always a trap The liberal interventionists and neoconservatives who have accused the administration of failing to lead never laid out an effective case as to what the relationship between U.S. military action and the political end state in Syria would be . The Iraq/Afghanistan wars are a false analogy . Nobody was talking U.S. boots on the ground in Syria . Instead the correct analogy from the two longest and among the most profitless wars in U.S. history was how precisely military action was going to achieve the objective of a stable , pluralist Syria in an Arab neighborhood in which there is not one example of such a state . President Obama was right to resist the use of force and will be right again , if in the wake of Geneva 's failure there is more talk of resorting to force . The horrific revelations of mass executions will only strengthen the arguments of those who see U.S. military intervention as the only recourse . Still , the last thing the United States needs right now is a proxy war with Iran , Hezbollah and Russia in a neighborhood where they have distinct advantages . Iran is the priority Governing is about choosing . And the president clearly made a choice that preserving the possibility of a deal with Iran on the nuclear issue was much more important than involving the United States in a war with Tehran over Syria that Washington could never win . There 's no evidence to support this , but I have a strong suspicion that the decision not to respond to Syria 's use of chemical weapons with military force was partly shaped by this calculation , particularly the possibility that U.S. military action might have killed Iranian forces in Syria , or to be sure increased not ameliorated tensions at a time the administration was already involved in secret talks with the mullahs who control Iran . There is no foreign policy priority more important to the Obama administration right now than getting an agreement with Iran on the nuclear issue that would prevent an Israeli military strike and make an American one unnecessary . The conventional wisdom is that a proxy war with Iran in Syria would have weakened the mullahs . But it could easily have led to the opposite reaction -- increasing Iran 's sense of encirclement and an acceleration of its nuclear program . Amoral but not immoral Syria is n't Rwanda or the Nazi Holocaust . But it is an arena where mass killings and war crimes by the regime in particular , but also by its opponents , take place routinely . The Obama administration , particularly Secretary of State John Kerry , feels deeply about this . But not so deeply that it 's prepared to intervene . That reluctance to intervene militarily reflects a policy that is n't immoral . America has been more active than any other nation in providing humanitarian assistance and helping organize the Syrian opposition . If any kind of sustainable local ceasefires emerge from the Geneva process , the United States will have done much to better a horrible situation . But it is an amoral approach where moral considerations do not dictate . That is to say what drives U.S. policy in the main is n't moral or ethical ; instead it is shaped by a variety of other factors , including the public 's opposition to military intervention , the President 's own priorities for his legacy  the middle class , not the Middle East  Iran and a general sense that the last thing this country needs is another major foreign policy failure or obligation . As a result , the administration has rightly pursued a course that is risk-averse , not risk-ready ; one that understands that it can not act alone and that even multilateral action will only have limited results , and above all , one that recognizes that there are no solutions to Syria right now , only outcomes . It 's certainly not a morally or emotionally satisfying course of action . But it is the right one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Aaron Miller : Even if Geneva talks fail , U.S. should n't intervene in Syria conflict Syria is a tragedy but Obama has followed the right course , Miller says He says president has rightly concluded that U.S. ca n't resolve the conflict Miller : Preventing a war over Iran 's nuclear program is a higher priority for U.S.
CNN  -- It might look like science fiction but the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory  NRL  hopes to turn this humanoid robot into a seafaring fact in an effort to improve firefighting capabilities on board military vessels . Currently at the development stage , the Shipboard Autonomous Firefighting Robot  or SAFFiR for short  is intended to combat fires in the cramped conditions of a ship , saving lives and costly equipment . Armed with cameras and a gas sensor , the battery-powered SAFFiR will be "  capable of activating fire suppressors " and throwing "  propelled extinguishing agent technology  PEAT  grenades , " says the NRL . Read more : Gorilla gene map gives evolution clues Despite its decidedly flat-looking feet , the NRL says the robot will be a "  sure-footed sailor " capable of "  walking , balancing and traversing obstacles " autonomously . Furthermore , it will be able to interact with humans as part of a wider firefighting team . It is being developed in conjunction with researchers at Virginia Tech and the University of Pennsylvania , as a next step from Virginia Tech 's CHARLI-L1  Cognitive Humanoid Autonomous Robot with Learning Intelligence  robot . CHARLI-L1 is a five-foot tall humanoid robot built by students from the Virginia Tech College of Engineering 's Robotics and Mechanisms Laboratory . The NRL says SAFFiR will be tested on board the ex-USS Shadwell -- a decommissioned landing ship dock used for fire fighting experiments -- towards the end of 2013 .	Robot being developed by U.S. Naval Research Laboratory will tackle fires on military vessels Autonomous robot will launch firefighting grenades and interact with human firefighters Virginia Tech and the University of Pennsylvania to work on project
CNN  -- He came out on court wearing a Halloween mask , but Novak Djokovic had to overcome a fright of his own before winning his comeback match in Switzerland on Tuesday . The world No. 1 , playing his first ATP Tour tournament since winning the U.S. Open six weeks ago , survived a second-set scare against Xavier Malisse before beating the Belgian 6-2 4-6 7-5 at the Swiss Indoors event . Djokovic suffered a recurring back injury in Serbia 's Davis Cup defeat by Argentina just days after beating Rafael Nadal in an epic final in New York . He missed tournaments in Asia , including the Shanghai Masters , but has returned to action in Basel where he was champion in 2009 and runner-up to Roger Federer last year . "  I 'm only just back from the biggest injury of my career , " Djokovic said after extending his record this year to 65-3 . "  It was a big ask for me to have played really well . "  I could do nothing for four and a half weeks , I 've only been hitting for a week and a half . That 's not enough to play at my best . I 've lost rhythm . "  I had too many errors and too many double-faults . But I 'm happy just to be playing tennis again . I hope to build on this performance . " As top seed , he is in the opposite half of the draw from Federer and new world No. 3 Andy Murray , who could meet in the semis . The 24-year-old will next play either Poland 's world No. 59 Lukasz Kubot or 91st-ranked German Tobias Kamke , who both came through the qualifying draw . Fifth seed Mardy Fish 's hopes of qualifying for the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals suffered a blow when he was forced to retire with a hamstring injury against fellow American James Blake after winning the opening game . Fish holds the last of the eight places on offer for the London showpiece but could be overhauled if he has to miss the penultimate tournament in Paris starting next week . Blake will next play Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin , a lucky loser from qualifying who upset American wildcard Donald Young in his opening match . Stanislas Wawrinka , a semifinalist in 2006 and the Swiss No. 2 behind Federer , beat Croatia 's Ivan Dodig 6-4 6-4 to set up a match with either Murray or Dutchman Robin Haase , who meet on Wednesday . Federer 's next match is against Jarkko Nieminen , after the Finn beat Brazil 's Thomaz Belluci 6-7  5-7  6-4 6-3 . Tomas Berdych had the sixth finals place ahead of his clash with Japan 's Kei Nishikori , but the Czech failed to earn any ranking points after losing 3-6 6-3 6-2 . Seventh-ranked Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga closed to within five points of Berdych by winning his opening match at the Valencia Open on Tuesday . Tsonga had to battle before beating 19-year-old Spanish wildcard Javier Marti 4-6 7-5 6-2 to secure his 12th win in 14 matches and set up a second-round clash with American Sam Querrey -- who defeated Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis 6-4 6-4 . Top seed David Ferrer is one of the five players already qualified for London , and he overcame fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco 6-3 6-2 in his opening match to set up a meeting with Canadian qualifier Vasek Pospisil . French third seed Gael Monfils went through with a 6-3 6-1 win over Albert Montanes , but Ukrainian seventh seed Oleksandr Dolgopolov Jr. was eliminated by another Spaniard , Marcel Granollers .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic wins his first match in six weeks at Swiss Indoors event Serbian beats Belgium 's Xavier Malisse in three sets , but complains of being rusty Fifth seed Mardy Fish suffers injury blow ahead of the climax to the men 's season Jo-Wilfried Tsonga closes on ATP World Tour finals place with opening win in Valencia
CNN  -- Last week , for the first time in decades , students from Wilcox County , Georgia , attended a school-sponsored prom that was open to all students rather than a private , racially segregated prom . For decades , Wilcox County High School had n't hosted a prom for its 400 students . Instead , parents and their children organized private , off-site , racially segregated parties known to most as "  white prom " and "  black prom . " After students planned their own integrated dance last year , school leaders announced they would sponsor the school 's first prom -- and it would be open to everyone . "  Everything went off without a hitch , " Wilcox County schools Superintendent Steve Smith said this week -- just as he expected . The last official school proms were held in Wilcox County decades ago , before schools were racially integrated , community members said . Wilcox County and many other schools in the Deep South canceled proms and homecoming dances in the early years of integration , and in some places , private , segregated proms became the local tradition .  The school has long hosted Junior Reserve Officers ' Training Corps balls , which were racially integrated and open to all JROTC members . In 2013 , a group of Wilcox County students organized an integrated prom open to white , black , Latino and Asian students . Organizers , both black and white , faced backlash from some community members who disliked the change -- or the crush of media attention it brought . The event made Wilcox County the butt of late-night TV jokes , but also drew thousands of supporters on social media , plus donated cash , dresses and DJ services . Wilcox County is not the only place with a history of racially segregated proms . In the 2009 documentary "  Prom Night in Mississippi , " director Paul Saltzman followed the preparations for the first integrated prom in Charleston , Mississippi . Actor Morgan Freeman , a native of the area , offered in 1997 to cover the cost if the school board would hold an integrated prom , but the offer was n't accepted till 2008 . Last year , many community members said they 'd support an integrated prom , or a school-sponsored prom -- it 's just that old traditions are tough to change . Last year , it took a group of students , attention on social media and the support of the NAACP , parents and community members to make it happen . "  If we 're all together and we love each other the way we say we do , then there are no issues , " Wilcox County graduate Mareshia Rucker said last year after helping to organize the student-led integrated prom . "  This is something that should have happened a long time ago . "	The high school in Wilcox County , Georgia , held its first prom in late March Previously , proms were private , white - and black-only events organized by parents In 2013 , Wilcox County students organized a private integrated prom Superintendent : "  Everything went off without a hitch "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Disney star Mia Talerico is learning at a very young age about the dangers of celebrity . Someone posted online death threats against the 5-year-old actress , police said . Talerico plays Charlie in "  Good Luck Charlie , " a hit Disney Channel series that has been canceled after 100 episodes . The final show airs in February . The Los Angeles Police Department 's threat management unit is investigating the threats , according to LAPD spokesman Andrew Smith . Police are not disclosing the nature of the threats because of the investigation is "  very sensitive , " Smith said . A Disney spokesman replied "  no comment " when asked by CNN . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed this report .	Mia Talerico , 5 , plays Charlie in "  Good Luck Charlie , " a hit Disney Channel series Los Angeles Police Department 's threat management unit is investigating Police are n't disclosing the nature of the threats
CNN  -- World leaders and world markets have been weighing in forcefully about what 's happening in Crimea . It 's clear how U.S. officials feel  they 're outraged  about Russia 's military activities in Ukraine 's Crimea region and along the border between the two neighbors . Here 's what others are saying or doing : China A neighbor and often an ally of Russia , China is distancing itself from Russia 's troop movements . "  It is China 's long-standing position not to interfere in others ' internal affairs , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Qin Gang said . "  We respect the independence , sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine . " At the same time , Qin suggested that Ukraine is n't completely faultless . "  There are reasons for why the situation in Ukraine is what it is today , " Qin said . Qin did n't elaborate on that point , but earlier in his statement , Qin spoke of Ukraine and said China condemns "  the recent extreme and violent acts there and have been urging the relevant parties in Ukraine to resolve their internal disputes peacefully within the legal framework so as to safeguard the lawful rights and interests of all ethnic communities in Ukraine and restore normal social order at an early date . " World markets Earlier this week , the world 's investment leaders sent global markets into nosedive out of fears of a military conflict between Russia and Ukraine . Traders dumped the Russian currency , sending the ruble down more than 10 % so far this year . But on Tuesday , when Russian President Vladimir Putin said his country wo n't make a claim to Crimea , global markets rebounded , the ruble improved , and Russia 's main stock index , the Micex , rose 6 % after falling 11 % a day earlier . "  There has been a distinct change in the tone of the markets today as the Russian-Ukraine crisis stabilizes . The latest headlines suggest that Putin has had a change of heart , " Kathleen Brooks , a research director at FOREX.com , told CNN Money . "  Putin is still trying to save some face after this situation dramatically backfired on him . " But the crisis remains a concern to the world markets . "  The situation in Ukraine is far from off the radar and remains a potent wild card , " said Ilya Spivak , a currency strategist at DailyFX . "  Deeper escalation of tensions remains a clear possibility . " Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel was so concerned about the rising tension in the Crimean peninsula that she and Putin held a conversation , and in it , she proposed a "  fact-finding mission " to Ukraine and a political dialogue . Putin accepted . The mission may be carried out under the leadership of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  OSCE  , according to statement from the chancellor 's office . On Tuesday , the German publication Spiegel Online portrayed Germany as "  playing a central role in communications with Russian President Vladimir Putin . But the international community has doubts that Chancellor Angela Merkel can pull it off , " the news outlet said . Spiegel quoted Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier as saying that "  Europe is , without a doubt , in its most serious crisis since the fall of the Berlin Wall . "  Twenty-five years after the end of the conflict between the blocs , there 's a new , real danger that Europe will split once again , " Steinmeier said , according to Spiegel . European Union European nations at Monday 's meeting of the Foreign Affairs Council have called upon Russia to stand down in the Crimea and return its forces immediately "  to the areas of their permanent stationing , " U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement to the House of Commons on Tuesday . The European Union will take up the crisis at a meeting Thursday and "  will decide about consequences for relations between the EU and Russia -- such as suspending bilateral talks with Russia on visa matters , and considering targeted measures " -- if Russia does n't begin "  de-escalating steps , " Hague said . British Prime Minister David Cameron and U.S. President Barack Obama are of like mind about Russia 's military exercises in relation to Ukraine : "  There must be significant costs to Russia if it does not change course on Ukraine , " Hague said . The UK government has "  condemned Russia 's military intervention in Ukraine and warned against any further escalation , " Hague added . Ulrich Speck , a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Europe think tank in Brussels , contended in a CNN Opinion column that Putin is trying to build an empire that Speck labeled a "  Soviet Union lite " -- "  a ring of countries under Moscow 's control , with the goal of boosting Russia 's geopolitical standing , " Speck wrote . "  Ukraine is the cornerstone of that project , " Speck argued . CNN Money 's Sophia Yan and Alanna Petroff contributed to this report .	China distances itself from Russia 's troop movements , hints Ukraine is n't faultless World markets nosedive but bounce back as Putin says Russia wo n't claim Crimea Can German Chancellor Angela Merkel pull off a role as world liaison to Putin ? European Union will look at consequences if Russia does n't stand down
Kezia and Mike Fitzgerald wish they had never seen the need to start their own business . They wish Kezia had never been diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma . They wish their daughter , Saoirse , had not joined Kezia in the hospital , to fight her own battle against an aggressive tumor . They wish Saoirse had won . But wishing to change the past , the Fitzgeralds know , is useless . "  When our daughter died , Kezia and I took some time away and re-grouped our life , " Mike said in a CNN iReport . "  We made the decision that we were going to focus on positive things and do positive things in our lives . " Double diagnoses During her pregnancy in 2010 , Kezia noticed swollen lymph nodes in her neck . She ignored them , because she had experienced swelling before during allergy season . They did n't ache , she said , just made her neck appear uneven . In June 2010 , the Massachusetts couple became first-time parents to a healthy seven-pound baby they named Saoirse . But the swelling on the right side of Kezia 's neck persisted . By January , her doctors determined the cause : stage three Hodgkin 's lymphoma . The cancer had spread to Kezia 's chest , neck and abdomen . Through her monthly chemotherapy , Kezia dealt with nausea and fatigue . But her treatment was going well , and the side effects were mild , so she thought the worst would soon be over . Then one April morning , she and her husband noticed that Saoirse was n't wandering around as she normally would . Even more startling , her eyes were swollen and her eyelids were black , blue and yellow . "  It looked like she had been in a fight , " Kezia said . Saoirse was also cranky and vomiting . She had swelling in both her ears and a bulge the size of an egg on her right temple . "  Her head looked like it was exploding , " Mike said . They rushed her to the emergency room . For three weeks , pediatricians and neurosurgeons focused on her head , taking CT scans to see whether she had bleeding there . The scans came out clean . Finally , doctors found a neuroblastoma tumor in Saoirse 's abdomen . She was in stage four . Neuroblastoma is one of the most common types of cancer for infants and children , behind leukemia and brain cancer . There are about 700 new cases of neuroblastoma diagnosed each year in the United States , according to the American Cancer Society . It is an aggressive malignant tumor that develops in infants and kids when their immature nerve cells turn into tumors instead of cells and fibers . A woman and her toddler fight dual cancers When her father heard the news , he went numb . "  I thought , ` My God , I 'm at risk of losing both of my family members , the two most important people in my life . ' " The cancer had spread throughout her tiny body , to her adrenal glands , bone marrow and ears . Saoirse needed chemotherapy right away . Now she and Kezia shared more than their blonde hair , bright blue eyes and love for peaches . A simple solution Cancer did n't slow Saoirse down much . In between needles and diaper changes , the toddler wandered the halls of Boston Children 's Hospital , toting her stuffed purple gorilla named Grape Ape . But the peripherally inserted central catheter , or PICC line , doctors placed in Saoirse 's arm to administer treatment kept getting in the way . The long flexible tube that was giving Saoirse essential nutrition and medications kept getting tangled . "  This new attached toy was now a drumstick , teething toy and something to tug on , " Mike said . "  When we asked the nurse how to secure the lines and caps the only suggestion they had was to use a sock or tape . " When Saoirse developed a bad rash from the medical tape , her mother knew they needed a better option . Kezia loved to sew -- winter hats , diaper bags , you name it -- but her projects had fallen to the wayside with the family 's hospital schedule . One night Kezia went home and dug out her sewing machine , grabbed some cotton knit fabric and created a sleeve that would hopefully secure Saoirse 's line comfortably . It worked . The wrap held Saoirse 's line in place without letting it dangle , causing any itchiness or pain . Saoirse went back to playing with her toys and ignored the PICC line . A few weeks later , when a doctor inserted a central chest line , Kezia replicated her efforts to create a chest wrap for the toddler . The wraps became a hit in the hospital ward . Nurses loved that they could access Saoirse 's lines easily without taking off a bunch of tape . Parents asked Kezia to create more wraps for their kids . Mike filed a provisional application for a patent on the popular product , then went back to caring for his wife and child . "  Kezia would have much rather designed and sewed something else besides the wraps , " Mike said . "  But she did what she had to do to help our child . It worked and we solved a problem . " Kezia 's cancer went into remission in September 2011 . Saoirse passed away a few months later . ' I love my CareAline ' The Fitzgeralds took some time after Saoirse 's death to grieve . But they knew they wanted to help other patients with the wraps Kezia had created . They spent most of 2012 finding a sewing contractor in Massachusetts and a fabric producer in California before launching CareAline Products , LLC . They now offer the wraps on their website and on Amazon.com . Patients can purchase individual wraps ; hospitals and treatment facilities can buy them in bulk . So far two hospital groups have purchased CareAline products for their patients , Mike said . "  Breaking into the medical product community is challenging , " he said . "  But with every challenge there seems to be an equal reward . ... While we still have a long way to go before we can call ourselves a success , we feel like we are headed in the right direction . " The Fitzgeralds are working on developing more products , Mike said , so that every patient with a catheter can be given a wrap to keep their line in line . "  We know how stressful it is when that line is first put in , and how much you have to learn to take care of it , " he said . "  We do n't think that any patient should have to search for their own solution like we did . " The couple wishes they never saw the need to start this company , but they 're glad they did . They know it 's the best way to honor their daughter , and her courageous battle against cancer . A little boy walked up to the Fitzgeralds ' conference table in Cape Cod this summer and said , "  I love my CareAline . " It 's still Mike 's favorite "  review . " "  It made us feel like we had truly made a different in that little boy and his family 's life . "	Kezia and Mike Fitzgerald 's daughter was diagnosed with stage 4 neuroblastoma To help secure her daughter 's catheter without irritation , Kezia Fitzgerald created a wrap Saoirse 's death compelled the Fitzgeralds to keep making these wraps to help other patients Have you transformed a hobby into a job ? Share your story with CNN iReport
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- About 200 people have been arrested in a flare-up of anti-Christian violence in Gojra that left seven dead , a government minister said Monday . Christians in Karachi , Pakistan , on Monday protest the slayings of seven Christians in weekend violence . Rana Sana Ullah , Punjab 's provincial law minister , told CNN that the paramilitary Rangers force was helping police and maintaining law and order . Seven people were killed and 20 injured Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , authorities said . Police said the Muslims were protesting an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran , the Muslim sacred text , at a Christian wedding . At a news conference in Islamabad carried on local TV , Shehbaz Bhatti , federal minister for minorities , said an investigation determined there was no desecration of the Quran in village 95 Gill near Gojra City , and the allegations were baseless . He also said the government will rebuild all the burned houses . Bhatti told CNN that four women , two men and a child , all Christians , were either shot to death or killed when their houses were burned . About 50 houses were burned down , and more than 100 were looted by the protesters , Bhatti said . The incident occurred in Gojra City , about 160 kilometers  100 miles  southwest of Lahore . Kamran Michael , Punjab provincial minister for human rights and minority affairs , who is a Christian , told CNN after meeting with Pakistan 's Christian leaders in Gojra that a consensus had been reached to observe three days of mourning , from Monday to Wednesday , for the attack on the Christians . On those three days , all schools , colleges , missions and educational institutions run by Christians will remain closed . Christian schools in Karachi , which were due to open for the new term Monday , remained closed . However , schools in most other areas of Pakistan are still on summer vacation . Michael also criticized Pakistan 's "  law of offenses relating to religion , " which has a penalty of life imprisonment for desecration of the Quran and even death for defiling the name of the prophet Mohammed . He called the law unjust and misused , and he strongly condemned it , demanding that it be amended because of its misuse against minorities . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	7 killed , 20 hurt Saturday when Muslim protesters set fire to houses in Christian area They were protesting alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Federal official says investigation determined there was no desecration of Quran About 50 houses were burned down , more than 100 looted in violence
CNN  -- Sporting an all-black racing suit , Bubacarr Jallow kneels next to his bright red motorcycle to check its oil levels and make sure the nuts and bolts are tightened properly . Satisfied , he hops on his Yamaha AG100 and hits the bumpy dirt road , weaving his way through rugged tracks and treacherous terrain . Being able to ride along narrow trails and carry out maintenance checks on a motorbike are not talents most health workers in the world need to possess , but for Jallow these skills are crucial . As a community health nurse , he relies on his two-wheeled companion to reach the isolated villages dotting the Combo Central region in The Gambia , West Africa . In an area where lack of roads and unreliable transport would typically force patients to spend several hours reaching the nearest clinic on foot or by bicycle , Jallow 's durable bike allows him to navigate through the bush to deliver life-saving treatment and health advice to rural communities . Armed with a medical kit , his routine motorbike round includes visits to at-risk pregnant women and malnourished children . He checks them for any warning signs and , if needed , refers them to the nearest health center . He also distributes mosquito bed nets and food supplements and educates locals about life-threatening diseases such as malaria and HIV/AIDS . Jallow says all this would n't be possible without Riders for Health  RFH  , a social enterprise working to transform healthcare delivery across rural Africa and provide outreach health workers with the transport they need . The UK-based group says it manages a fleet of more than 1,400 motorcycles , ambulances and other trekking vehicles in seven African countries , reaching about 12 million people . It trains African health workers to drive safely on difficult terrain and teaches them how to carry out simple maintenance checks on their vehicles on a daily basis . In addition , it ensures that there is a reliable supply chain of spare parts , while a network of local RFH-employed technicians services all bikes and cars monthly to make sure they do n't break down . "  I received this motorcycle four years ago when it was brand new and I have ridden until now over 50,000 kilometers , " says Jallow , whose work covers more than 10,000 people in 13 villages . "  Since I got my motorcycle I have been getting my regular supply of fuel and my motorcycle is being serviced regularly , " he adds . "  All of this is towards my services within my community within the past four years , so actually it -LSB- RFH -RSB- has contributed immensely towards the successful implementation of my activities within my circuit . " Millions of lives are lost needlessly every year from easily preventable and treatable diseases across sub-Saharan Africa , according to the World Health Organization . It estimates that some 12,000 children in the continent die daily from illnesses and conditions such as pneumonia , diarrhea , measles , malaria and malnutrition . In many cases , the vaccines and medicines required for treatment are available but fail to reach the millions of people in need due to unreliable transport . That 's what prompted British racing journalist Barry Coleman and his wife Andrea to put RFH together . It all began after Barry visited Somalia in the late 1980s , where he observed scores of new-looking motorbikes and other vehicles lying broken because of poor maintenance . At the same time , he saw first hand the risks posed to mothers and children due to failed healthcare delivery . "  Barry came back and said there are children in rural communities who really need to be reached because they need immunizations ; women are dying in childbirth and then 30 , 20 , 10 miles away in ministry of health car parks there are motorcycles and ambulances that are simply broken because nobody has been trained to repair them , there 's no supply chain of parts , there 's no knowledge of transport maintenance , " remembers Andrea , a mother of three and former motorcycle racer . "  We said , well , we 've got a young family , we 've got a mortgage but we really believe in this , " she adds . "  It made us angry , actually , that women and children are dying in rural Africa simply because an old technology like a motorcycle or an ambulance with this internal combustion engine ca n't be managed -- well , that 's ridiculous , that is crazy . " The two life-long motorcycle enthusiasts made several more trips to Africa and eventually founded RFH in 1996 . The award-winning group , which today has some 300 staff across Africa , raises funds at bike events and auctions as well as from charging the governments , agencies and NGOs it works with a not-for-profit fee for its services . RFH says its work has enabled outreach health professionals to see nearly six times more people and spend double the time with their patients . They can also hold about 3,500 extra health-education meetings a month across the continent . Moreover , the group has introduced a motorcycle courier service that speeds up the diagnosis and monitoring of patients suffering from TB or HIV and enables them to start treatment early . In one year , RFH says , mobilized health workers have transported more than 400,000 medical samples and test results between rural health centers and labs . Andrea says the wellbeing of rural communities changes dramatically once they get regular access to health services . "  We have shown that the maintenance of vehicles is absolutely critical if you are going to be able to solve the health issues of rural Africa , " says Andrea . "  And also we 've shown how transport can be run cost-effectively and how local people really benefit when they are trained to a high standard to be technicians because it provides employment in the communities . " In their mid-60s now , the Colemans are still as passionate about improving access to healthcare as they were when they first started RFH . "  What gets me up in the morning is the idea that health workers who are very highly trained -- women and men living across Africa -- really want to get out to their rural communities and make sure that they are healthy , " says Andrea . "  They ca n't do that by walking and it makes me really angry that there is n't more emphasis on making sure that transport runs properly . "	Riders for Health provides motorbikes to improve health care in rural Africa The group manages over 1,400 motorcycles and other vehicles in seven African countries Local technicians maintain the vehicles so they do n't break down RFH bikers transport medical samples and test results between rural clinics and labs
InStyle  -- I ca n't find it anywhere in the Constitution , so maybe there is a first lady dress code buried in an obscure addendum to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , since every mistress of the White House for the last four decades has chosen a wardrobe that follows a particular one with near pathological devotion . President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama arrive in Prague , Czech Republic , in early April . No sooner does her inaugural ballgown get spirited away to the Smithsonian , then out it comes : The First Lady Suit -- that tailored , multibuttoned blazer over a skirt straighter than an Ionic column in a primary , patriotic or tastefully unobjectionable color . So did someone not give Michelle Obama the memo ? Because during these first 100 days , our newest first lady has banished every version of this silhouette as if they were all designed by the House of Dick Cheney . Instead , Mrs. Obama has defined with remarkable acuity what flatters a tall , broad-shouldered and curvaceous working woman who knows exactly who she is and where she is going . With an enviable eye for color and layering , she has fashioned a riveting parade of on - and off-the-shoulder dresses , cardigans , cinched trenches , leggings , wide-legged trousers and full skirts , working them in intense florals or unexpected hues such as chartreuse and emerald . InStyle.com : Michelle Obama 's first 100 Days of style In addition , like every woman who gets a kick out of dressing up , she knows the power of accessories -- a cool flat boot , a wide belt , a statement necklace . The thrilling result ? Women across this country  and the world  are exclaiming almost daily , "  Look at that print ! I love that color ! Where can I get that sweater ? " Watch how the first lady has become a style icon " What 's more , not only does our first lady proudly stride with the confidence and warmth of a modern American woman , but the wardrobe she steps out in boasts relevance , comfort , and -- dare we say it ? -- sex appeal . InStyle.com : Try on Obama 's hairstyle The fashion industry may have occasionally sniped , but come on , does anyone really give a damn if it 's appropriate to wear a cardigan to meet the queen ? What does count is that each time we 've caught that man of hers watching her walk into a room during their first 100 days , we have witnessed both a dynamic new first couple -- and a wife whose husband unashamedly only has eyes for her . The clothes are cool , but even better is the fact that Michelle Obama has brought romance back to the White House . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	InStyle 's Hal Rubenstein says Michelle Obama has dropped first lady uniform She has parade of dresses , cinched trenches , wide-legged trousers , full skirts Outfits come in intense florals or unexpected hues like chartreuse and emerald Obama knows power of accessories : cool flat boot , wide belt , a statement necklace
CNN  -- A 400-year-old tradition is facing some new challenges this year at this week 's annual running of the bulls in Spain . Celebrations for the San Fermin festival are already underway , but the first running of the bulls will be held Wednesday in the northern Spanish town of Pamplona . The city is once again handing out 100,000 leaflets to local and foreign festival-goers explaining how to minimize the risk of accidents during the spectacle . It 's a warning and a reminder of the dangers and even death that can occur when hundreds of runners sprint alongside the half-ton bulls and steers . Last year saw the first fatal goring in more a decade . For the sixth year now , Pamplona has sprayed the entire 825 meter route with a special anti-slipping chemical to help avoid injury to the bulls and the red-and-white clad runners . The run in Pamplona started 400 years ago and became popular worldwide after author Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in the 1920s in his book "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title "  Fiesta . " The event is held July 7-14 . Six bulls and a pack of tame steers run from the corrals , through Pamplona 's old town , to the bullring -- where the bulls will die later in the day in a bullfight . Including the recent death , 14 people have been killed in the runs since 1924 , when record-keeping began . But while the narrow cobblestone streets of Pamplona are expected to be as packed as ever , the tradition of bullfights , or "  corridas " is under pressure elsewhere . The economic downturn is certainly taking its toll . With nearly one in five Spaniards out of a job there are fewer spectators packing the rings . And struggling towns are looking for ways to slash spending . Some local governments are cutting the expensive spectacles to save money for basic services like schools and police salaries . But there is also pressure brewing to change cultural attitudes about the tradition of bullfighting as well . Just as most other years , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  and other animal rights groups organized a rally Sunday featuring semi-nude protesters covered in red paint in Pamplona , but also have staged protests outside Spanish embassies around the world . The tactics may be gaining some traction . A 2006 Gallup poll showed more than 70 percent of those surveyed said they have "  no interest " in bullfighting , while 82 percent of those aged 15 to 24 held that same view . And now the tradition has begun facing legal and political challenges . The government in the northeastern Spanish region of Catalonia plans to hold a vote on banning the practice , potentially making it the second region in Spain to outlaw bullfighting after the Canary Islands in the Atlantic did so in 1991 . While Pamplona embraces tradition , one thing you wo n't be seeing -- or hearing -- this year ... the incessant buzz of the "  vuvuzela ! " The government there has banned the sale of the plastic horns along the bull-run route , saying they would be dangerous and distracting to the animals .	400-year-old tradition facing challenges on many fronts Economic downturn means fewer spectators in the arenas Animal-rights groups have held protests Catalonia government is voting on a ban
CNN  -- FBI agents on Wednesday searched the former martial arts studio of a Tupelo man in connection with the investigation into ricin-tainted letters sent to President Barack Obama and other officials , the man 's lawyer , Lori Basham , told CNN . Agents in hazardous materials suits had searched James Everett Dutschke 's home on Tuesday , the same day prosecutors dropped charges against the man arrested last week on suspicion of sending the letters . Authorities have not called Dutschke a suspect and no charges have been filed . It was unclear what , if anything , they found . ' A train has been lifted off my shoulder , ' former suspect says Basham said Dutschke has not yet spoken to federal investigators . He did sign a consent form allowing the searches , she said . Dutschke no longer rents the taekwondo studio space , she said . Investigators are trying to determine whether someone attempted to pin the poisonous letters on Paul Kevin Curtis of Corinth , Mississippi , a law enforcement source told CNN Tuesday on the condition of anonymity . However , Curtis ' attorney , Christi McCoy , said Wednesday on CNN that she believes investigators are now focusing on the possibility that the letters were a direct attack on the politicians they were addressed to , not purely an attempt to get at Curtis . "  Kevin just happens to be the scapegoat for it , " she said . In a court hearing Monday before the charges were dropped , Curtis said he was being framed and identified Dutschke as a potential culprit . Basham said Wednesday her client had nothing to do with the letters . Prosecutors initially arrested Curtis April 17 and charged him with sending a threat to the president after letters containing a suspicious powder triggered security scares around Washington . The letters -- sent to Obama ; Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi ; and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County , Mississippi -- touched off anxieties in Washington and elsewhere in the wake of the bombing of the Boston Marathon . The two incidents were unconnected , officials said . The FBI said the letters tested positive for ricin , a toxin derived from castor beans that has no known antidote . No illnesses have been reported . Authorities dropped the charges against Curtis on Tuesday after new information became available , U.S. Attorney Felicia Adams said . McCoy said Wednesday that she does not believe Curtis is under any remaining suspicion . She said she believed investigators identified her client from constituent records maintained by Wicker 's office and concluded he was responsible based on thin evidence . She believes Curtis had been framed by someone who used several phrases he likes to use on social media . The letters read , in part : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " They were signed "  I am KC and I approve this message , " a source told CNN . Each letter had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address . Basham said Dutschke used to work for Curtis ' brother , but the two have had no contact since 2010 . Curtis said Wednesday that he did n't even know what ricin is until he got out of jail and looked it up on the Internet . When police suddenly stormed his home last week , Curtis said an investigator asked him about ricin , and Curtis said he responded , "  Well , I do n't eat rice , and I do n't have any rice in the house . " While investigators did n't initially accept his claims of innocence , and he came close to losing hope during his week in jail , he said it 's turned out as well as he could have hoped . "  This has restored my faith in our justice system , " he said Wednesday on CNN . CNN 's Victor Blackwell , Vivian Kuo , Bill Mears , Chris Cuomo , Ed Payne and Michael Pearson also contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : I did n't even know what ricin is , cleared suspect tells CNN On Tuesday , authorities dropped charges against Paul Kevin Curtis FBI agents searched a former martial arts studio on Wednesday , lawyer says The studio 's former operator denies involvement through his attorney
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- After about 30 hours of deliberation , a jury on Monday convicted music producer Phil Spector of second-degree murder in the death of actress Lana Clarkson more than six years ago . Phil Spector will not remain free on bail pending his May 29 sentencing . Wearing a black suit with a red tie and pocket square , Spector showed no reaction as the verdict was announced . Now 69 , he faces a sentence of 18 years to life in prison when he is sentenced May 29 . Asked if he agreed to the sentencing date , Spector quietly answered , "  Yes . " Prosecutor Alan Jackson said he believed the jury reached the correct verdict , and he acknowledged the strength and backing of Clarkson 's family . But defense attorney Doron Weinberg said Spector 's defense team disagreed and planned to appeal . "  We do n't believe justice was done , " Weinberg said . Superior Court Judge Larry Paul Fidler declined to allow Spector to remain free on bail pending sentencing , citing Spector 's years-long "  pattern of violence " involving firearms . Watch the lawyers give their views of the verdict " "  This was not an isolated incident , " Fidler said , noting Spector 's two previous firearm-related convictions from the 1970s . "  The taking of an innocent human life , it does n't get any more serious than that . " Spector 's wife , Rachelle , was in the courtroom to hear the verdict Monday , as was Clarkson 's mother , Donna . Clarkson , 40 , was found dead , slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's Alhambra , California , mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth in February 2003 . A mistrial was declared in Spector 's first trial in September 2007 . After deliberating 15 days , jurors told Fidler that they were unable to reach a verdict . Spector was also charged with second-degree murder in that trial . Jurors deadlocked 10-2 in favor of conviction . In closing arguments at the retrial , prosecutor Truc Do called Spector "  a very dangerous man " who "  has a history of playing Russian roulette with women -- six women . Lana just happened to be the sixth . " Weinberg argued that the prosecution 's case hinged on circumstantial evidence . He said the possibility that Clarkson committed suicide could not be ruled out . Do pointed out , however , to jurors that Clarkson bought new shoes on the day of her death -- something a suicidal woman would not have done , the prosecutor said . A female juror who declined to be identified told reporters the jurors considered all the evidence and testimony to reach their verdict . "  This entire jury took this so seriously , " she said with tears in her eyes , before adding that "  it 's tough to be in a jury , " because another person 's life is in the jury 's hands . Clarkson starred in the 1985 B-movie "  Barbarian Queen " and appeared in many other films , including "  DeathStalker , " "  Blind Date , " "  Scarface , " "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " and the spoof "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " She was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death . In the 2007 trial , Spector 's attorneys argued that Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup and grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol to kill herself while at Spector 's home . But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace . Five women took the stand and claimed he had threatened them with firearms . His driver testified that he heard a loud noise and saw the producer leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " Spector 's retrial began in October . Fidler ruled that jurors could consider the lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter against Spector . Spector 's professional trademark was the "  Wall of Sound , " the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label -- named for Spector and his business partner , Lester Sill -- in the early 1960s . iReport.com : What do you think of this verdict ? The roaring arrangements were the heart of what he called "  little symphonies for the kids " -- among them No. 1 hits like the Ronettes ' "  Be My Baby " and the Righteous Brothers ' "  You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feelin ' . " Spector co-produced the Beatles ' final album , "  Let It Be , " and worked with ex-Beatles George Harrison and John Lennon on solo projects after the group broke up . His recording of Harrison 's 1971 benefit concert for war relief in Bangladesh won the 1972 Grammy award for album of the year . Spector has won two Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 , but he stayed out of the public eye for two decades before his 2003 arrest in Clarkson 's death .	NEW : Defense says it will appeal ; "  We do n't believe justice was done " Phil Spector guilty of second-degree murder at retrial He faces 15 years to life in prison for shooting death of Lana Clarkson Renowned music producer accused in death of actress in 2003
CNN  -- Longtime Cincinnati Reds shortstop Barry Larkin was voted into baseball 's Hall of Fame on Monday , the major leagues announced . Larkin was the only player voted into the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers ' Association of America this year . He will be inducted this summer , along with the late Chicago Cubs third baseman and broadcaster Ron Santo , who was chosen by baseball 's Golden Era Committee in December . Larkin , 47 , spent his entire 19-season career in his native Cincinnati and was part of the Reds lineup that won the World Series in 1990 . He was the National League most valuable player in 1995 and retired in 2004 , with a .295 career batting average and 198 home runs .	Shortstop played 19 seasons in hometown Cincinnati Larkin was part of the Reds ' World Series championship team in 1990 He won the National League MVP award in 1995
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration misused intelligence to build a case for the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 , the Senate Intelligence Committee said in a report issued Thursday . President Bush did n't request intelligence reports about the post-war situation , the Senate panel 's report says . The White House exploited its ability to declassify intelligence selectively to bolster its case for war , the committee chairman , Sen. John D. Rockefeller IV , D-West Virginia , said in the report . Senior officials disclosed and discussed sensitive intelligence reports that supported the administration 's policy objectives and kept out of public discourse information that did not , he said . The report also found that the administration misled the American people about contacts between Saddam Hussein and al Qaeda . "  Policymakers ' statements did not accurately convey the intelligence assessments " about contacts between the then-Iraqi leader and Osama bin Laden 's group , "  and left the impression that the contacts led to substantive Iraqi cooperation or support of al Qaeda , " the report said . "  Statements and implications by the president and secretary of state suggesting that Iraq and al Qaeda had a partnership , or that Iraq had provided al Qaeda with weapons training , were not substantiated by the intelligence , " according to the committee 's exhaustive report on prewar intelligence . The top Republican on the committee dismissed its findings as "  partisan gamesmanship . " "  It is ironic that the Democrats would knowingly distort and misrepresent the committee 's findings and the intelligence in an effort to prove that the administration distorted and mischaracterized the intelligence , " said Sen. Christopher Bond of Missouri . The White House also rejected the report as old news . "  I know this is another report , and I 'm sure that they put a lot of considerable thought into it , but this is a subject that has been gone over many many , many times , and I do n't know of anything that 's particularly new in it , " said spokeswoman Dana Perino , who said she had not yet read it . She said the White House relied on the same information as the rest of the world , admitting that it was wrong but denying that Bush had set out to mislead the country . White House claims that Hussein was seeking weapons of mass destruction were partially backed by available intelligence , the report found , but did not reflect disputes within the intelligence community . The CIA , among others , believed Iraq was trying to acquire nuclear weapons , but the Department of Energy disagreed , the report said . No weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq after the invasion . The report also took the administration to task for its predictions about the aftermath of the invasion , including Vice President Dick Cheney 's assertion that U.S. troops would be greeted as liberators . Bush and Cheney did not request intelligence reports about the post-war situation , and their public statements did not reflect doubts and uncertainties in the intelligence community , the report said . The report comes days after former White House press spokesman Scott McClellan published a book saying Bush decided on war with Iraq soon after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  Bush and his advisers knew that the American people would almost certainly not support a war launched primarily for the ambitious purpose of transforming the Middle East . Rather than open this Pandora 's Box , the administration chose a different path -- not employing out-and-out deception , but shading the truth , " McClellan wrote in his memoir , "  What Happened . " Current and former White House officials have dismissed McClellan 's accusations , saying he was not in a position to know about top-level White House decision-making before the war when he was deputy press secretary . The Senate committee chairman slammed the White House in a statement marking the release of the long-awaited report . "  Before taking the country to war , this administration owed it to the American people to give them a 100 percent accurate picture of the threat we faced , " Rockefeller said Thursday . "  Unfortunately , our committee has concluded that the administration made significant claims that were not supported by the intelligence . In making the case for war , the administration repeatedly presented intelligence as fact when in reality it was unsubstantiated , contradicted or even nonexistent . As a result , the American people were led to believe that the threat from Iraq was much greater than actually existed , " he added . The report picked apart three speeches by Bush , including his 2003 State of the Union address two months before the invasion , one by Cheney and then-Secretary of State Colin Powell 's U.N. presentation about Iraq in the run-up to the war . The report was approved by a 10-5 vote , with some Republicans dissenting . Some GOP members of the committee had wanted the report to examine prewar statements by Democrats , including Sen. Hillary Clinton . Democrats on the committee blocked the suggestion and limited the report 's purview to administration statements only . CNN 's Pam Benson and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Report says Bush administration misused intelligence in run-up to Iraq war Administration selectively declassified information to bolster case , report says Panel : Public misled about contacts between Saddam Hussein , al Qaeda White House spokeswoman calls findings old news
CNN  -- From anti-apartheid activist to climate change champion , Kumi Naidoo is a man born to make a change . He 's the new International Executive Director of environmental action group Greenpeace , and he takes on his role on the eve of the critical climate talks in Copenhagen . The 44 year-old grew up in Johannesburg and had an early introduction to the world of activism . "  I was defiantly the product of the society I was born in , which was apartheid South Africa ... I do think that many of us who might have exceptional or out-of-the-ordinary backgrounds are not because we ourselves are exceptional people but because we were born in context of adversity and been able to somehow rise above that adversity , " he told CNN . Naidoo was arrested numerous times for civil disobedience against the apartheid regime during the 1980s . He eventually left for the UK in 1987 and earned a doctorate in political sociology at Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar . After Nelson Mandela was released in 1990 , Kumi returned to South Africa and worked with and founded a number of civil society NGOs . Until last year Naidoo was for 10 years the General Secretary of CIVICUS : World Alliance for Citizen Participation . One of the first high profile campaigns Naidoo worked on was Make Poverty History in 2005 that gained widespread coverage and a number of celebrity supporters . After several years in the anti-poverty movement , Naidoo has come to see that struggle against poverty and combating climate change are two-sides of same coin . Since becoming head of Greenpeace in November , Naidoo is focused on using his skills as an activist to move issues from the fringes into the mainstream . " -LSB- Another -RSB- feature of activism is being able to choose the right tools and tactics for the right moment ... If you can win through dialogue and engagement then that 's great but sadly those with power in both government and business do not have the propensity to do the right thing unless they are pushed and that 's why you have to have tools like non-violent direct action , " he told CNN . Connecting individuals to ideas and in turn connecting those ideas to a greater audience is one of the things Naidoo is hoping to achieve in Copenhagen . "  I do n't want history to judge us as sleepwalking into a crisis when all the scientific evidence is saying that we have to stop and take notice of the way that we are living on this planet . "  I feel that right now we are all at risk and being severely judged by future generation . " Watch Kumi Naidoo on CNN 's African Voices on Saturday , December 12 , 11.30 and 18.30 GMT and Sunday , December 13 , 17.00 GMT	Kumi Naidoo is the International Executive Director of Greenpeace Grew up in apartheid South Africa and says he was born in activism Sees poverty reduction and combating climate change as part of same struggle One of first tasks is in Copenhagen during the COP15 summit
CNN  -- As Ashton Kutcher becomes the first to collect 1 million followers on Twitter and Oprah Winfrey sends out her first tweet , tech observers are debating : Does Friday mark a new peak for the microblogging service ? Or the beginning of its demise ? Ashton Kutcher told Larry King Friday that the battle was about proving one person can have a voice . Some bloggers and Twitter users have expressed concern that the once-cultish site is being overwhelmed by celebrities and media hype , while others are excited by Twitter 's ever-growing reach . "  It 's a big milestone . This brings Twitter mainstream , " said Andrew Cherwenka , a Huffington Post contributor and Web developer at Trapeze.com , referring to Kutcher and Winfrey 's Twitter breakthroughs . "  A lot of people are saying this is going to be the death of Twitter , and I do n't understand that at all , " Cherwenka added . "  It 's just another stage in Twitter 's acceleration . " "  The challenge for Twitter -- besides , of course , getting a business model in place to handle the infrastructure required to sustain this kind of growth -- is going to be maintaining the fact that it 's the community at large , not the celebrity users , that 's at the core of this service , " said Caroline McCarthy , who writes a CNET News blog about social media . "  The power of Twitter is about the millions of people using it and how easily it is to filter and aggregate their thoughts and conversations , " McCarthy told CNN . "  It ca n't be all about Ashton and Oprah . " In the much-publicized duel , Kutcher 's Twitter account crossed the 1 million mark on Twitter about 2:13 a.m. ET Friday , narrowly beating CNN 's breaking-news feed , which had 998,239 followers at the time . CNN passed the mark at 2:42 a.m. ET . On Friday , Kutcher went on "  Larry King Live " to talk about the battle and why he felt the duel was so important . "  We now live in an age in media that a single voice can have as much power and relevance on the Web , that is , as an entire media network , " he said . "  And I think that to me was shocking . " Watch Kutcher discuss reaching one million milestone " Early Friday Winfrey sent her first tweet from the Chicago , Illinois , set of her TV show . The all-caps message was sent at 10:10 a.m. ET and said , "  HI TWITTERS . THANK YOU FOR A WARM WELCOME . FEELING REALLY 21st CENTURY . " Winfrey drew more than 73,000 Twitter followers before she sent out her first tweet . By Friday afternoon her Twitter following had climbed above 100,000 . "  Twitter has experienced watershed events over the last two years since we founded the company , and momentum continues to build , " Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said Friday in an e-mail to CNN . "  Certainly having Oprah and Ashton embrace Twitter so enthusiastically will be another big moment for us . " But Kutcher also acknowledged on "  Larry King Live " Friday that while he was able to get so many followers because he is well-known , he was trying to show that anyone can have a voice and let their story be told . "  I think it 's really important that Twitter is not about celebrities . It 's not a platform for celebrities , " he said . "  In all these interviews and things , it 's been celebrity -- you know , people know have been on TV . It 's really about everyday people having a voice . And I do n't want it to be dwarfed by celebrity . " Sean ` Diddy ' Combs , who joined Twitter and threw his support behind Kutcher , told Larry King that he views Twitter as an important medium for him to share who he "  really " is , and give fans a direct line of communication to him . "  It 's a chance for people to know the real me , " he said . "  Due to my own fault there 's such a persona of the Hamptons and the bling-bling and the "  Forbes " list and who I 'm dating . There 's more substance to me than that . Over time I 've just wanted to make sure that that has gotten out . " Kutcher told Larry King that initially , Twitter was a tool to feed his ego until he realized that he could use the service to make a difference . "  At the end of the day , we all have ego , we all have some level of ego , " he said . "  But if we can use our ego to actually create good charitable things in the world in some way , and use our ego -- originally , I defined Twitter as an ego stream when I first saw it . But then what I realized is if we can transform that into something that 's positive that can actually effectively change the world , that can be a really valuable tool . " Kutcher had challenged CNN to the Twitter race , saying he would donate 10,000 mosquito bed nets to charity for World Malaria Day in late April if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost . CNN agreed to do the same . The battle between @aplusk , Kutcher 's Twitter handle , and CNN 's feed gained much attention on Twitter , with fans pulling for both sides . Web junkies watched Kutcher on a live video stream as he celebrated with champagne , surrounded by his wife , Demi Moore , and friends . "  We are over a million . CNN is still trying to get there . And that is just how it goes , " Kutcher told the camera as his friends screamed . "  There are a million people that need to be thanked for this . " See Kutcher celebrate his milestone " No single Twitter account had previously reached 1 million followers , according to two Web sites that track popularity on Twitter , a site on which users post 140-character messages that are distributed to groups of followers . "  Kudos to Ashton and all those in the @aplusk camp . Now more than ever , the consumer is in the driver 's seat and we could n't be more gratified than to be part of this historic social media milestone , " said CNN spokeswoman Jennifer Martin . CNN maintains more than 40 official Twitter accounts , with a total of more than 1.5 million followers . Kutcher was racing the network 's breaking-news feed , @cnnbrk . That account provides only brief updates about breaking news , therefore CNN does n't send a lot of alerts -- just those for major events the network believes its audience will want to know . "  We 'd like to thank every one of our followers for helping CNN reach the 1 million mark , and we are delighted to raise our donation to 10,000 bed nets for World Malaria Day in recognition of them , " Martin said . Not to be outdone , Winfrey said in a tweet Friday morning that she would donate 20,000 mosquito bed nets to charity . "  American Idol " host Ryan Seacrest , another popular Twitter user , also agreed Friday to make a donation of mosquito bed nets , which help prevent the biting insects from spreading malaria in tropical countries . "  Ashton 's ` Twitter race ' is an amazing example of how we can leverage new technology to battle an ancient disease , " said Scott Case , CEO of Malaria No More , the charity expected to benefit most from the mosquito bed net donations . "  Not only is Ashton helping Malaria No More raise awareness ... he 's also galvanizing his Twitter army to help end malaria deaths . " The online feud between CNN and Kutcher also drew attention to the popularity of Twitter , which has seen breakneck growth over the past year . Twitter saw 131 percent growth in March alone , with 9.3 million unique U.S. visitors that month , according to comScore . The group attributes the increase to media attention on the site . Cherwenka , the Huffington Post blogger , believes Kutcher may be one of the first people to leverage the power of online social networking for widespread social good . "  It 's a turning point in media . He 's one person who uses a free media platform to reach a large audience . And that really has n't been done before , " Cherwenka said . "  He did n't spend a penny on this . And that 's kind of the point of any kind of social activity on the Web . " But will all this celebrity-driven hype turn off longtime Twitter users ? Time will tell , observers say . "  I know some Twitter early adopters and loyalists are feeling a bit ambivalent about this influx of mainstream attention , and are likening it to when their favorite indie band gets big overnight , " said CNET 's McCarthy . "  They 're excited to see this service really take off , but at the same time are concerned that it 's turning into a sort of novelty fad . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs and John D. Sutter contributed to this report .	NEW : Ashton Kutcher : "  It 's really about everyday people having a voice " NEW : Kutcher : I realized I could use Twitter to "  effectively change the world " Oprah Winfrey , Ashton Kutcher taking Twitter 's popularity to new heights Kutcher beat CNN early Friday in a race for 1 million followers on the site
CNN  -- Chilean officials are asking fishermen to help save birds caught in nets after thousands of dead fowl appeared along coastal Chile this week . At least 2,300 dead birds were found along beaches between Cartagena and Playa de Santo Domingo , Chile , said Jose Luis Britos , and environment professor and director of the Museum of Natural History of San Antonio , Chile . Many of the birds , which come from several species , had broken wings and bruising on the outside of their bodies -- injuries consistent with getting trapped in fishing nets , Britos said . He said bird deaths from fishing nets occur every year , but never at this level . In a typical year , about 15 to 20 dead birds are found , Britos said . One hypothesis for the increase this year involves climate . As Chilean weather gets colder this time of year , migrating birds that would normally travel north for warmth are instead lingering to feast on an influx of anchovies and sardines that had fled the coast of Peru in search of cooler waters . Earlier this week , Peruvian authorities say warm waters off that country 's coast are to blame for the deaths of more than 5,000 marine birds . The Peruvian National Center for the Study of El Nino said that since February , the Peruvian coast has had an abundance of warm water as a result of marine currents throughout the world 's oceans . The warm water has altered the marine ecosystem , it said . The warm water has led fish such as anchovies and other species that live in surface waters to migrate to deeper water toward the south . As a result , pelicans and other birds that feed from the surface of the water died of starvation . "  If these oceanographic conditions persist , it is likely that its impact will spread to other areas of the  Peruvian  coast even during the fall , which could make the numbers increase and affect other marine species , " the report stated . The Peruvian ministry of environment said seafood is still safe to eat , and encouraged everyone to continue to support local fishermen , according to state-run Andina news agency . Officials in Peru continue to search for the cause of death of almost 900 dolphins since the beginning of the year . The health ministry is awaiting final results from molecular analysis looking for the morbillivirus , which previously has been linked to dolphin deaths . The Chilean agriculture and livestock ministry and staff from Britos ' center have called for a meeting with fishermen for Monday . They are asking fishermen to try to save trapped birds before closing their nets . Britos said he worries that until Monday , the number of dead birds could rise significantly .	Warm waters off Peru have chased away fish , a national center studying El Nino says Fish flee south to deeper , cooler waters , leaving 5,000 Peruvian surface-feeding birds dead Chilean birds have apparently feasted on such fleeing fish , an environment professor says Many of the dead Chilean birds have injuries consistent with getting trapped in fishing nets
CNN  -- The death toll from a tropical storm in the southern Philippines has reached more than 900 , an official with the country 's disaster agency said Monday . Benito Ramos of the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said the toll stood at 927 . The Philippines Red Cross reported a lower death toll , at 713 . Tropical Storm Washi affected more than 167,000 people , the council said in a report Monday . About 88,000 people were being served at evacuation centers . President Beningo Aquino plans to visit the region Tuesday . U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement Monday expressing "  deep condolences for the tremendous loss of life and devastation . " He said the United States "  stands ready to assist the Philippine people and government should humanitarian assistance and recovery efforts be needed . " The Red Cross noted that hundreds are missing after entire villages were swept away . The stench of death permeated the air as aid workers scrambled to help survivors . Military and disaster officials said the vast majority of the dead were found in the port cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro , many of them swept away as they were sleeping . Water-logged bodies from washed-away villages floated at the shoreline on the northwestern coast of Mindanao island . Five people were killed in a landslide , but virtually all the others died in flash flooding after Tropical Storm Washi , which is called Sendong locally . Survivors in the hardest-hit areas are contending with no electricity or clean drinking water . One woman in Cagayan de Oro collected murky brown floodwater in a bucket , just meters away from where a destroyed vehicle was submerged . Flash flooding overnight Friday , following 10 hours of rain , fueled the devastation . As much as 20 centimeters  8 inches  of rain fell within 24 hours in some areas . December generally brings about 60 millimeters of rain  a little over 2 inches  to the region , CNN Meteorologist Pedram Javaheri reported .	The country 's disaster council says the death toll is 927 The Philippines Red Cross reports a death toll of 713 The storm affected more than 167,000 people , the council says The U.S. offers assistance to the Philippines
CNN  -- A murder suspect who escaped from a Florida jail earlier this week was nabbed after a police chase in Ohio Saturday morning , officials said . Rondell Reed , 52 , escaped with his cellmate , Leviticus Taylor , Monday from the Indian County Jail , officials said . Taylor , 25 , who was quickly captured , was convicted of murder last month , according to CNN West Palm Beach affiliate WPBF . According to Indian County Sheriff Deryl Loar , Reed was arrested after the chase ended in a crash in Warren County , north of Cincinnati . An officer had tried to initiate a traffic stop when Reed allegedly drove away . Subject of a nationwide manhunt , Reed had been on the lam for nearly a week . "  Rondell Reed is very smart . He is not a stupid crook , " said Indian County Det. Steven Stoll . "  He is very good at auto theft . It 's what he did growing up . He knows how . " Authorities believe Reed was headed for Indiana , where he has family . Loar told reporters earlier this week that the suspect stole a vehicle , likely in the Sebastian area . The vehicle that crashed Saturday may have been a different one , officials said . Reed had been arrested in the death of an Indian County business owner , WPBF said In Ohio , Reed faces charges of receiving stolen property , failure to comply with a police officer , carrying a concealed weapon and having a weapon under disability , according to Cincinnati affiliate WLWT and Warren County 's website . Loar said corrections deputies performed hourly checks of Reed and Taylor in their cells , but items they used to create dummies gave the appearance that they were tucked in their sheets when in fact they were making their getaway , WPBF reported . "  The River County Jail has been hardened again , not only after the immediate escape ,  but  continuing through this week , " Loar told reporters Saturday . "  This incident will not happen again under my command . "	Two inmates escaped from Florida jail Monday One was caught quickly ; the other was arrested in Ohio Saturday Rondell Reed faces murder charges back in Florida He reportedly was captured after a chase ended in a crash
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday signed a law that makes it a federal crime to assault an individual because of his or her sexual orientation or gender identity . The expanded federal hate crimes law , hailed by supporters as the first major federal gay rights legislation , was added to a $ 680 billion defense authorization bill that Obama signed at a packed White House ceremony . The hate crimes measure was named for Matthew Shepard , a gay Wyoming teenager who died after being kidnapped and severely beaten in October 1998 , and James Byrd Jr. , an African-American man dragged to death in Texas the same year . Shepard 's mother , Judy , was among those at the ceremony that also included Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Attorney General Eric Holder and leading members of Congress and the Pentagon , who were on hand for the appropriations bill signing . To loud applause , Obama hailed the hate crimes measure in the bill as a step toward change to "  help protect our citizens from violence based on what they look like , who they love , how they pray . " He cited the work of the late Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts and others "  to make this day possible . " Later Wednesday , Obama stood with Shepard 's parents and relatives of Byrd at a separate White House event honoring passage of the expanded hate crimes law . Noting reports of 12,000 crimes based on sexual orientation over the past 10 years , Obama called the bill another step in the continuing struggle for protecting human rights . "  Because of the efforts of the folks in this room , particularly those family members standing behind me , the bell rings even louder now , " Obama said . When he finished his remarks , he hugged the weeping relatives as the audience applauded . Several religious groups have expressed concern that a hate crimes law could be used to criminalize conservative speech relating to subjects such as abortion or homosexuality . However , Holder has said that any federal hate-crimes law would be used only to prosecute violent acts based on bias , not to prosecute speech based on controversial racial or religious beliefs . Former President George W. Bush had threatened to veto a similar measure , but Obama brought a reversal of that policy to the White House . When the bill won final congressional approval last week , Human Rights Campaign president Joe Solmonese called the hate crimes measure "  our nation 's first major piece of civil rights legislation for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . " Earlier this month , Obama told the Human Rights Campaign , the country 's largest gay rights group , that the nation still needs to make significant changes to ensure equal rights for gays and lesbians . "  Despite the progress we 've made , there are still laws to change and hearts to open , " he said in an address at the group 's annual dinner . "  This fight continues now and I 'm here with the simple message : I 'm here with you in that fight . " Among other things , Obama has called for the repeal of the ban on gays serving openly in the military -- the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . He also has urged Congress to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and pass the Domestic Partners Benefit and Obligations Act . The Defense of Marriage Act defines marriage , for federal purposes , as a legal union between a man and a woman . It allows states to refuse to recognize same-sex marriages . The Domestic Partners Benefit and Obligations Act would extend family benefits now available to heterosexual federal employees to gay and lesbian federal workers . However , some advocates for stronger rights for the lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender community have complained that Obama 's administration is moving too slowly on his legislative promises . Opponents of the expanded hate crimes bill challenged the need to specify one particular community in federal legislation . They contended that existing federal hate crimes laws were sufficient to protect the rights of people based on sexual orientation and gender identity . More than 77,000 hate-crime incidents were reported by the FBI between 1998 and 2007 , or "  nearly one hate crime for every hour of every day over the span of a decade , " Holder told the Senate Judiciary Committee in June . At Wednesday 's signing , Obama also praised what he called a bipartisan effort to start changing the culture of military spending through the annual appropriations bill . He noted that Gates had worked with congressional leaders to end what Obama called wasteful projects like the F-22 fighter bomber and a new presidential helicopter that would have cost "  almost as much as Air Force One . " "  I wo n't be flying on that , " the president said . Noting that cost overruns in military projects total tens of billions of dollars , Obama called for further "  fundamental " reforms in how the government and Pentagon do business . "  We all know where this kind of waste comes from , " he said , citing "  indefensible " no-bid contracts and special interests pushing unneeded weapons systems . Such actions are "  inexcusable " , "  unconscionable " and an "  affront to the American people " as the nation faces two wars and an economic recession , Obama said . "  Today I 'm pleased to say that we have proved that change is possible , " he said .	Law is attached to $ 680 billion defense authorization bill It is named for Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. , both killed in 1998 Shepard was gay , Byrd was African-American Former President Bush had threatened to veto a similar measure
CNN  -- European leaders are meeting in Brussels Thursday to discuss further sanctions against Russia . So far the EU has imposed financial and visa restrictions against 21 carefully selected Russian and Ukrainian officials -- but avoided anyone from President Vladimir Putin 's inner circle and stayed clear of any large-scale economic sanctions . The EU and U.S. have condemned Russian annexation of Crimea as illegal and stepped up their rhetoric towards the Kremlin , but whether they are willing to put more economic pressure on Russia is unclear . The leaders of Europe 's biggest economies are likely to be cautious . Here 's why . How important is Russia 's economy ? Russia is the eight biggest economy in the world , with GDP of more than $ 2 trillion . But its economy -- which is heavily reliant on commodities , particularly oil and gas , was growing just 1.3 % last year compared to 2012 , one of the sharpest slowdowns in the emerging markets . With the Ukraine crisis taking its toll , Russia 's economy may not grow at all in 2014 , some analysts have warned . Hopes Russia would be one of the decade 's powerhouse economies may have faded , but its close links with the European Union have not . Would sanctions hit Europe back ? The EU is Russia 's largest trading partner , and there are deep economic links between the two . Almost half of Russia 's exports -- $ 292 billion worth -- end up in EU countries . 15 % of Russia 's GDP comes directly from the country 's exports to EU . Russia , in turn , is the third biggest trading partner for the EU , with $ 169 billion in imports . But the eurozone itself has only just emerged from its own crisis , and is wary of cutting ties with such a powerful economic partner . Its reliance on gas out of Russia would also feed caution . Robert Pape , political science professor at University of Chicago with expertise in security studies , says the sanctions would hurt both sides . "  Between great powers , leverage is a two-way street , Russia can squeeze us almost as effectively as we can squeeze them , " Pape wrote for CNN . While steps that would push the price of oil down for a sustained period would really bite , these would be hitting right back . Energy supplies remain vitally important for the European Union , to which Russia supplies a third of EU 's natural gas . Germany , the eurozone 's biggest economy , imports around 40 % of its gas from Russia . What is Russia 's economic relationship with the U.S ? The economic relationship between Russia and the U.S. is more unbalanced . Russia is the 20th largest trading partner for the U.S. , with $ 27 billion worth of trade exported across the Atlantic . On the flip-side , the U.S. is Russia 's fifth largest partner , with just $ 11 billion worth of trade . According to Russian Foundation chair David Clark , trade is a "  relatively unimportant " component of relations . Energy links are also weakening as the U.S. looks to shale gas for its energy supplies and heads towards self-sufficiency . Clark told CNN the U.S. could get greater leverage over Russia from financial sanctions aimed at the country 's banking system and stability of the ruble . Measures targeted at named individuals , similar to those contained in the Magnitsky Act , could also be effective . "  Russia 's angry response to the act shows that it works , " Clark said . But again , the financial links between Russia and the west would mean huge losses for European banks which have lent billions to Russia . While the EU and U.S. adopted sanctions against 28 individuals , Clark said these "  have little more than nuisance value and would have to be dramatically expanded to have a real impact . " "  Travel bans and asset freezes aimed at all members of the Duma and Federation Council who voted to annex Crimea would be a start , " Clark said . Targeting the money men who handle the finances and assets  often illicit  of top tier politicians would really hurt , he added . And the names of these individuals are quite well known . But again , the financial links between Russia and the west would mean huge losses for European banks which have lent billions to Russia . Are there other options ? The EU has a wide range of legal options here . Its economic significance means sanctions can be very powerful tool . Export and import bans or restrictions that apply to specific products such as oil or diamonds , flights restrictions or investment freezes have been successful in the past . "  Restricting access to foreign capital and the international banking system could prove very damaging indeed because Russia 's economy is stagnating and it needs inward investment , " Clark said . But experience shows that economic sanctions rarely work in the pursuit of non-economic goals . "  Imposing economic sanctions on a state is similar to backing an angry dog into a corner -- in most cases , the dog will become more vicious , and more defensive , " Pape said . At the end , targeting Russia 's national pride may prove more useful . "  A decision by a large group of countries to boycott the 2018 Football World Cup in Russia would probably hurt Russian prestige rather more , especially if FIFA had to move the event to another country , " David Clark said . Read more : Why annexing Crimea may prove costly for Russia West 's sanctions on Russia : Are they just for show ? Is Russia 's annexation of Crimea opportune or opportunistic ? CNN 's Irene Chapple and Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	European leaders are discussing further economic sanctions against Russia The United States and Europe targeted 28 Russian and Ukrainian officials Tight economic links between Russia and the EU could mean sanctions hurt both sides
CNN  Given that most people could n't tell the difference between a copyright and a trademark , it usually takes something controversial , such as the Washington Redskins ' refusal to change their name , to get people interested in trademark law . This week , a higher court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark -- when the band The Slants sought to protect its name . The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland , Oregon , who pay homage to the '80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way . "  We want to take on stereotypes that people have about us , like the slanted eyes , and own them , " Simon Shiao Tam , the band 's front-man , said . In other words , the group adopted the Lenny Bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it does n't mean anything anymore . To The Slants , "  slant " is n't an insult , it is empowering . And more power to them . Unfortunately , a bureaucrat at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office decided that "  Slant " was disparaging to Asians , and denied them a trademark registration under the despised  by me , anyhow  Section 2  a  of the trademark act . This is the section that lets the government deny trademark protection to a mark that is "  immoral , " "  scandalous " or "  disparaging . " In this case , the latter . But wait a minute . This is n't billionaire Dan Snyder referring to other people as "  Redskins . " In L'affair Redskins , it is the disparaged group , Native Americans , who are complaining -- not the government deciding on its own that it knows best . In the Slants ' case , these are Asian guys who say "  it does n't bother us , so why should it bother you ? " And it is n't as if any Asian American groups got involved . This is not the first time that someone has "  taken back " a marginalizing term in a trademark fight . About 10 years ago , the motorcycle club "  Dykes on Bikes " was similarly rebuffed , and they fought back and won the right to protect their mark . They made similar arguments that resonated : If they wanted to call themselves "  Dykes on Bikes , " then what place does the government have in judging that decision ? In another decision , the trademark office initially denied a registration for Buddha Beachwear on the grounds that Buddhists would find it disparaging . But on reconsideration , the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board held that it should go forward stating it is "  imperative that the board be careful to avoid interposing its own judgment for that of Buddhists . " So why are n't the Slants given the same privileges as Dykes on Bikes or Buddha Beachwear ? It is largely a sign of the times . We find ourselves mired deeper and deeper in a society where people actually get excited to take offense at virtually anything . Given the lingering controversy over the Redskins ' trademark , our five friends from Oregon did n't stand a chance . This decision offends me . For starters , by trying to protect Asians from racism , the court issued a disturbingly racist decision based on the fact that these were , in fact , Asians who intended their band name to invoke their ethnicity . But , if a Sicilian  like me  were to seek to register the same exact name , with no such intent , I would enjoy that privilege . This is n't quite Korematsu v. United States  the decision that authorized putting Asians in internment camps  , but the decision is quite unprincipled . Even worse , this decision gets the First Amendment wrong . The majority opinion almost flippantly discards the Constitutional issues as much ado about nothing . Essentially it says , "  we did it this way before , so we are going to keep doing it this way . " Your Constitution got stepped on before , and who are we to take our feet off of it ? If you 're not upset by now , you should be . Well , the court does give us a sort-of dissent styled as "  additional views . " While not binding , some of our most cherished First Amendment rights grew from the tiny seeds planted by the dissents of Oliver Wendell Holmes . The dissent in this case recognizes the fact that trademarks are commercial speech , which is protected by the First Amendment . It also notes that the government should not be in the business of giving out or withholding benefits on the basis of the content of the recipient 's speech . This is known as the doctrine of "  unconstitutional conditions . " Since Section 2  a  discriminates against First Amendment protected expression on the basis of its content , the court has called for 2  a  to be , finally , deemed unconstitutional . But , for some reason , it declined to actually go that far . It merely suggested it , without so ruling . And people wonder why my hair is falling out . I guess I will start a protest band and call them "  The Guinea Pigs . " But , I wo n't be allowed to register that trademark -- although the five Asian guys from The Slants could . Maybe we should just each register the other band 's marks , and trade them after we get past the bureaucrats at the trademark office .	Marc Randazza : Court upholds a trademark denial for Asian-American band The Slants on the grounds that name was disparaging He says court is wrong : Trademarks are commercial speech , protected by First Amendment . Ruling a sign or our easily offended times
CNN  -- In one picture , the political candidate wears a bright blue business suit , standing with her arms crossed beside her campaign pledge to bring "  hope for your family . " In another , she wears white lace underwear and angel wings . Both images show Giselle Arellano , who was running for a spot on the ballot as a conservative National Action Party candidate representing migrants in the local congress of Mexico 's Zacatecas state . The 33-year-old 's candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort in Las Vegas . Arellano lost a party primary this week , but Tuesday she said that she 's planning to contest the results . She denies that she ever worked as an escort and says the risque images of her , which sparked debate when they started circulating online and in local media reports earlier this month , came from a modeling shoot . Arellano accused political opponents of attacking her and all women in Zacatecas . "  Those who have orchestrated this campaign will not be successful , because these angel wings that are seen in the video , are those that have allowed many women to fly through these kinds of storms and the macho desires of those who keep seeing women as objects , " she wrote on her website . She said the widely circulated video , which shows her scantily clad and posing with several other women , was promoting a party in Las Vegas that she did not attend . "  I am not ashamed of it . ... I want to make it very clear , that I do not own nor have I ever worked in a brothel , nor have I been an escort , " she wrote . But the video drew the attention of leaders from the National Action Party , who disavowed her candidacy last week , saying she did not have "  an honest means of living , " Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency reported . In campaign videos , Arellano says she competed in beauty pageants , studied marketing , speaks five languages , worked as a translator in immigrant courts in Los Angeles and started two businesses in Las Vegas . "  I have lived in flesh and blood the pain of migration , and I know the needs that come up when you are in a foreign country . I have also suffered discrimination . I know the great effort of migrants to achieve their goals , " she says . "  There has been much speculation about my character on social networks and in some media , about my past . Today , I am here facing it , because I am ashamed of nothing . I have a calm conscience and I am good with God . " CNN 's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report .	Giselle Arellano wanted to run for a post as a lawmaker for Mexico 's National Action Party Candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort She says she worked as a model , but never as an escort Arellano says she is "  not ashamed " of a video showing her scantily clad
CNN  The Republicans have taken control of Congress , and with it ownership of health care reform . As long as the Republicans were in opposition , they could just complain . And they did , voting repeatedly -- and futily -- to repeal the Affordable Care Act . Now , they are coming up with actual reform ideas . Their first reform proposal -- to redefine full-time employment as 40 hours a week under the ACA -- may be emblematic of what is to come . The idea is favored by business groups that support the GOP financially . But such a change would increase the number of uninsured and raise the federal budget deficit by $ 53 billion over the next 10 years . Currently , full-time employment is defined as 30 hours per week , and under the health care law , large companies must offer health insurance to those working full time . Most American workers now work close to 40 hours a week and are insured . But under the Republican proposal , employers could send employees home a half-hour early on Friday and drop their coverage . The Congressional Budget Office estimates this change could "  lead employers to make changes that would affect many more workers than will be affected under current law " as well as cause a million American workers to lose their employer-sponsored health insurance . Nearly five years after its enactment , the ACA remains unpopular , despite the fact that many of its reforms -- ending pre-existing condition exclusions , covering adult children to age 26 , and closing the Medicare drug doughnut hole -- are very popular . The ACA has also been remarkably successful in achieving its goals . Both the percentage of Americans who are uninsured and the rate of growth in health care spending are at historic lows . Republicans continue to talk repeal , but actual repeal would at this point be disruptive . One of the great virtues of the ACA is that it has managed to extend coverage significantly without disrupting the three primary forms of coverage enjoyed by most Americans . Nearly half of Americans are insured through their employment , while Medicare and Medicaid each cover another sixth . The ACA has expanded benefits for employed Americans by requiring coverage for preventive services and capping out-of-pocket expenditures . Employer-sponsored enrollment has remained largely stable under the ACA , while Medicare and Medicaid enrollment have grown . Premiums for employer coverage and for Medicare have increased more slowly than in previous years . Republican reform proposals , on the other hand , take aim squarely at the most widespread forms of coverage . Conservatives have long called for an end to the tax exclusions that have helped to make employer coverage nearly universal in the United States . They would not eliminate them entirely , rather replacing provisions that currently exempt employer-sponsored coverage from income and payroll taxes with capped deductions and exclusions . For many employees this will result immediately in higher taxes or premiums . Moreover , Congress is unlikely to adjust the fixed dollar subsidies to keep pace with health care inflation , so excess cost increases will simply be shifted -- dollar for dollar -- to employees . Republicans also have long proposed shifting Medicare to a premium support program . Seniors and the disabled would no longer be able to count on a guaranteed benefit , but would be given a fixed government contribution and have to shop for their own coverage . Republicans propose turning Medicaid into a block grant program , shifting to the states responsibility for bearing the increasing costs of the program . One of the most problematic features of ACA coverage is the high deductibles and co-insurance that come with many marketplace plans for those whose incomes are too high to qualify them for cost-sharing reduction payments . But conservatives have supported high cost-sharing , and Republican proposals to repeal the ACA would wipe out the out-of-pocket expenditure caps it imposes . Republicans support generous tax subsidies for health savings accounts to help cover cost sharing , but HSAs only benefit those wealthy enough to put savings aside , and particularly those in high tax brackets . Of course , any legislation that would undermine health coverage for Americans will have to survive a filibuster in the Senate and a veto from President Obama . Republicans believe they now have a trump card : King v. Burwell , the case the Supreme Court will decide this summer . Plaintiffs in King ask the court to read a few words of the ACA out of context to deprive millions of Americans of the help they are now receiving through the federal marketplaces . Congress could easily clarify the meaning of these words through the kind of technical amendments that Congresses have always adopted after major legislation . ACA opponents , however , are encouraging Congress to use a potential adverse Supreme Court decision to push through much broader changes . Notice that Republicans are not promising if you like the coverage you have now you can keep it , whether you are covered by employer-sponsored coverage , Medicare or Medicaid .	Now that GOP has control of Congress , they are proposing reforms to health law Their plan to redefine full-time employment as 40 hours a week would hurt Americans
Hong Kong  CNN  -- High in a rugged , mountainous region in Myanmar 's north , the country 's army remains locked in a conflict that seems to contradict the image of a nation committed to abandoning its brutal past . Days after a government-ordered ceasefire on January 19 , clashes were reported between Burmese soldiers and the Kachin Independence Army  KIA  around the town of Laiza on the Chinese border . The Myanmar government said its troops were ordered to fire only in self-defense , but the Kachin Independence Organization  KIO  , the KIA 's political arm , claimed it was under attack Laiza is the headquarters of the KIA and the KIO . Around 20,000 people live there , and thousands more are sheltering in temporary camps around the town after being driven from their homes , according to human rights groups and other reports . "  People who live in Laiza , they are standing by to flee . Every day they hear bombing and the noise of guns . The government is saying that it 's stopped the offensive , but the reality in the Kachin area it has not stopped , and the fighting and the offensive is ongoing , " Moon Nay Li , coordinator for the Kachin Women 's Association told CNN on Tuesday . Though based in Thailand , Moon Nay Li said she 'd been speaking with people in Laiza who were "  afraid for their future . " She said they were digging holes to shelter from the shelling , and were desperate for the fighting to stop . Why has fighting intensified now ? In a statement dated January 18 , the Myanmar government said that it had requested back up from the Air Force to ensure "  accurate hitting of KIO/KIA targets " after repeated attacks on convoys seeking to resupply an outpost near Laiza . It accused the KIA of blasting roads and bridges , attacking troops and recruiting and abducting civilians to aid its fight . Despite the government 's self-defense claims , Matthew Smith , a consultant to Human Rights Watch  HRW  , told CNN the government appeared to have recently stepped up attacks on Kachin fighters , possibly in an attempt to gain more ground and leverage in any future peace talks . "  Some of the strategic outposts that the Burmese government has been attacking over the last several weeks are strategic to the protection of Laiza so I think that appears to be the target , " said Smith , who wrote a damning report for HRW on the conflict between the two sides called "  Untold Miseries - Wartime Abuses and Forced Displacement in Burma 's Kachin State , " which was released in March 2012 . How long have they been fighting ? The Myanmar army and the KIA -- which formed more than 50 years ago -- have been trading shots since a series of incidents brought a sudden end to 17-year ceasefire in June 2011 . Smith said tensions rose after leaders of the KIO were unable to participate in the November 2010 election -- the first vote to be held in Myanmar in 20 years . According to Smith 's report , the Burmese army launched a "  major military offensive " on June 9 , 2011 , to which the KIA rapidly responded by blowing up bridges , planting land mines and ambushing military convoys . At the time , conservationists claimed the two sides were fighting for control of a multi-billion dollar hydropower dam project on the Taping River , one of several being built in the region . However , dams are not the only source of tension in the area , Smith said . It is also rich in mineral deposits , including the jade mines of Hpakant , a source of some of the world 's most valuable stones . And pipelines snake through the state delivering lucrative oil and gas to China . How has the world responded ? News of the escalation of attacks in Kachin has raised concerns outside the country as the international community keenly watches Myanmar 's transition to democracy from a military regime . "  We 're obviously deeply troubled by the increased violence , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a news conference in early January . Later , China urged both sides to "  exercise maximum restraint " after a bomb landed about 500 meters over the Chinese border on January 15 . "  We believe that talks are the only correct solution to the north Myanmar conflict and expect all related parties to seek a ceasefire and start negotiations , " said foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei on January 22 . The United Nations welcomed President Thein Sein 's calls for a January 19 ceasefire but the Secretary-General 's Special Adviser on Myanmar , Vijay Nambiar , said it did not want renewed tensions to "  undermine the overall direction of reform and transformation in the country or adversely affect the positive international atmosphere that had been generated so far . " Since coming to power in March 2011 , Sein has won praise for steering the country on the path of reform , easing media restrictions , granting amnesty to political prisoners and opening up the political system to competing parties . How committed is the government to peace ? Days after the apparent failure of the ceasefire , Sein reiterated that he wanted the fighting to stop . "  I have ordered the Tatmadaw  Myanmar 's military  and other relevant government agencies to seek a peaceful solution to the conflict , " he told Myanmar 's first Development Cooperation Forum on January 21 . He also suggested that the KIO would need "  to reciprocate in a similar way . " The KIO is the only one of 10 armed ethnic groups in Myanmar that has n't yet agreed a long-term ceasefire with the government . Talks would start soon with the other ethnic groups , Sein said , as he again extended an invitation to the KIA to join the process . "  My government will continue to do everything necessary to turn ceasefire agreements into lasting peace , " he said . "  It is very important to create job opportunities in order to improve socio-economic conditions of internally displaced people and ceasefire groups , " he added . How have civilians been affected by fighting ? Since June 2011 , tens of thousands of Kachins have been terrorized by renewed fighting , according to HRW . More than 90,000 people have been forced from their homes , according to the latest estimates . However , the exact number of internally displaced people -- or IDPS as they 're known -- is hard to confirm because the government has limited access to the region . The lack of access has worried aid agencies who say tens of thousands of people are being denied vital care . "  The government feels it 's unsafe so they 're not granting access , " said Maria Guevara , Medecins San Frontiere 's Humanitarian Representative for ASEAN . "  We 've tried to support some of the areas with drug supplies but the roads that we 've used in the past are generally inaccessible , because that 's where the fighting usually takes place , so it 's been difficult to resupply . " She called on the government to allow humanitarian agencies "  independent and neutral access " to affected areas , while Smith warned of "  a looming humanitarian emergency . " What are the chances of a long-term ceasefire ? There are no easy solutions to resolve the unrest in Kachin . It dates back to the early 1960s when the KIO and KIA were established to protect the interests of the Kachin people against the influence of the central government . The KIO still has administrative control over most of Kachin State , providing schooling , teacher training colleges , a police service , a TV station , newspapers , libraries and hospitals , according to the Free Kachin Campaign website . HRW says the latest offensive has deepened divisions between the Kachins and the government , which threatens to spill over into other ethnic groups . "  You have an entire population of ethnic Kachin who for the most part right now are very bitter towards the Burmese government and that 's going to be a serious problem , not only for Kachin state but the other ethnic nationalities throughout the country right now who are negotiating peace agreements . "  They 're taking all this into consideration so this could pose a serious problem for long-term peace in the country , " he said .	Renewed fighting reported in Kachin despite government ceasefire order Both Myanmar government and the KIA trade accusations of attacks Fighting started in June 2011 after a 17-year ceasefire was broken KIA is the only one of 10 armed ethnic groups that has n't agreed a ceasefire
In response to a report that his health was failing and that he had been rushed to the hospital , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Thursday that he had the best proof that his recovery from chemotherapy is advancing fine . "  I 'm here ; this is my answer , " Chavez told reporters at the presidential palace , raising his arms and gesturing at his body . The president announced in June that doctors had removed a cancerous tumor from his body . He underwent chemotherapy in Cuba the following month . Wearing a red track suit and a baseball cap , Chavez appeared to be his old talkative self Thursday , running through the "  irresponsible " newspaper report paragraph by paragraph and answering questions from reporters for more than an hour . The Nuevo Herald , citing two unidentified sources who said they were witnesses , reported Thursday that Chavez had been taken to a military hospital on Tuesday because of kidney complications . The report said doctors were considering moving the president to a private hospital where he could be better attended . But Chavez told the state-run broadcaster VTV in a telephone call that he was recovering well from his fourth round of chemotherapy . Then he called for the afternoon news conference at the palace . Before answering questions from a crowd of watching reporters , the leftist left-hander threw a softball with his aides and then switched to a hardball . "  I 'm going to start practicing baseball or softball , both things , " he said . "  I 'm anxious . My legs are asking for a little running , jogging , some sun . Being in the barracks for too long is not good for a man who 's used to being at the forefront . But , well , we have to follow the rhythms of medical science . " Asked by a U.S. reporter what type of cancer he has , Chavez -- who said he was recuperating from his last round of chemotherapy , which ended 11 days ago -- would not specify . "  I am my own answer , " he said . "  And the life that I will live from now on -- with the favor of God -- will be my response . " But he said that his last medical examination had yielded "  very positive results . " That extended to his cholesterol level , which he said he had been watching for many years . "  It 's normal now , but it could be lower , " he said . He said he retained an appetite . "  I 'm eating . I 'm 90 kilos . I used to weigh 84 . Of course , I 'm not doing a lot of exercise . I 'm doing light exercise , but when I start to run and to hit balls and steal second base ... " About his cancer , the president said only that a tumor the size of a baseball had been removed from his body in a six-hour operation carried out in Cuba in June and that it was cancerous . "  Fortunately , for those who love me and for me , it was encapsulated , " implying that it might have metastasized had it ruptured . "  The body was protecting itself , " he said . Referring to reports that the cancer affected his colon and his kidneys , he said , "  All that is false . " And responding to media reports that he is dying , he said , "  Here I am . " But , he acknowledged , "  I 'm not in my best form . I used to box . " He compared his foot movements to those of former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali , whom he referred to by his given name of Cassius Clay . The disinformation is part of a campaign that "  many media outlets , including some represented here , " were part of , he said . "  It 's a morbid thing . Morbid . It 's morbid , obscene , inhumane . But , oh , well , that 's how things are in the world , right ? " He added , "  This is like a soap opera . " The president also revealed that he had been one of the voices calling for the release of two American hikers in Iran . Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer were detained for two years before being released this month . Chavez said that he called and wrote to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad seeking the hikers ' release at the behest of actor Sean Penn. . Chavez said he considers Penn a friend , and after the two spoke about the hikers , he agreed to add his voice directly with the Iranian president . "  If this call and message helped a little , I am glad . Even if it did n't , " he said . Last week , a representative for Penn confirmed a report that Penn had flown to Venezuela months ago to speak about the hikers ' plight with Chavez .	"  This is like a soap opera , " Chavez says Chavez appears before reporters , saying he is fine He says he spoke with Iranian president about freeing 2 U.S. hikers A newspaper reports Hugo Chavez was hospitalized for failing kidneys
Washington  CNN  -- One year after a video surfaced showing government contractors using hedge clippers to cuts limbs off anesthetized goats -- an effort to replicate wartime injuries -- the U.S. Coast Guard says it is looking for training that does not use live animals . In a report released Friday , the Coast Guard cleared its members of any wrongdoing , saying the training is required by the Department of Defense and that Coast Guard participants did not violate any law , regulation or standard of conduct . But it said the contractor was cited for violating the Animal Welfare Act . Coast Guard Vice Adm. Manson K. Brown , who investigated the matter , ordered the agency to look for training methods that "  reduce and/or eliminate the role of live animals . " "  While no misconduct was committed by Coast Guard personnel , the controversial nature of  the program  demands the service continue to closely scrutinize its policies , " Brown wrote . In the meantime , a Coast Guard spokesman acknowledged , the training program will continue . The so-called "  Live Tissue Training " session that gave rise to the controversy occurred March 3 , 2012 -- the last day of a five-day course for non-medical military personnel who might face life-threatening situations . Thirty-two Coast Guard members -- 29 of whom were being deployed to Iraq and the Persian Gulf -- participated at an outdoor site in Virginia Beach , Virginia . Instructors with Tier 1 Group , a federal contractor , anesthetized and intentionally injured the goats so the students could assess and treat combat-like injuries , the Coast Guard said . During the first phase of the training , the group was divided into teams of four to six students , and instructors placed anesthetized goats -- which they referred to as "  patients " -- on tables . The instructors "  had the students turn their backs to the table while the instructor inflicted trauma to the animal . " Students then turned , assessed the injuries , and treated the animals . During the second phase , instructors "  inflicted combat-like injuries to the animals with a shotgun , pistol , ax , and scalpel , " Brown 's report says . The injured animals were laid out alongside a road to simulate an attack with an improvised explosive or enemy firefight , the report says . Teams ran into the simulated hot zone , some administering aid while others secured the scene and simulated returning gunfire . At the end of the training , the goats were euthanized . The number of goats was not disclosed . A participant videotaped some of the training , leaking the video to the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , or PETA , an animal rights organization . PETA posted the video online and filed a complaint with the Department of Homeland Security , which oversees the Coast Guard . PETA said the training did not reflect battlefield situations , that the goats showed signs of pain and that the students did not show any sense of urgency in treating the animals . It also said an instructor cheerfully whistled while dismembering an animal as Coast Guard members made jokes . Brown 's report concluded Coast Guard members behaved properly . "  Before the training started , both a T1G instructor and a Coast Guard chief petty officer encouraged students to make reports of any unprofessional behavior , " the report says . It says many students described the training as professional , some calling it the best medical training they had ever received . "  However , one student opined that instructors and students were too lighthearted during training , " the report says . But another student said the laughter was unconnected to the course . "  There is nothing in the video to suggest that this type of behavior was prevalent during the training or was motivated by anything other than reaction to a high stress situation , " the report says . "  When one student inappropriately waved a severed animal leg in the air , a more senior ranking student quickly reprimanded him and the behavior stopped , " the report says . One student also said that having only one person administer anesthesia was not sufficient for all of the animals , the report says , noting that the PETA video shows one animal moaning . Based on the video , the Department of Agriculture subsequently cited T1G for violating the Animal Welfare Act , the report says . Asked about the citation on Friday , the Agriculture Department gave CNN a warning letter it issued Tier 1 Group on Aug. 8 , 2012 , saying the department has evidence the contractor violated a regulation governing proper anesthesia for animals . T1G did not immediately return a CNN request for comment . But R. Andre Bell , a spokesman for the Agriculture Department 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service , said , "  We conducted a follow-up inspection and determined the noncompliance items had been addressed . " A PETA official decried the Coast Guard report . "  Basically , this report says that all of the disturbing allegations that PETA made are true , but that the Coast Guard is n't accepting responsibility for it . They all but say that it was the contractor 's fault , " said Justin Goodman , director of PETA 's Laboratory Investigations Department . Last September , 11 members of Congress signed a letter asking the Government Accountability Office to investigate Tier 1 Group , citing last year 's Coast Guard training and a 2011 USDA action citing the contractor for "  inadequate anesthesia oversight " for at least 50 goats . PETA said the GAO has referred the matter to the Defense Department 's inspector general 's office , which could not be reached late Friday . T1G won a $ 1.7 million contact with the Naval Supply Systems Command in 2012 to conduct 24 iterations of Live Tissue Training for 360 Navy personnel using pigs , the letter says .	Video previously showed contractors dismembering goats to replicate battlefield wounds Coast Guard report vindicated service members , said training program will continue Images leaked to animal rights group , which complained to the U.S. government
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Brooke Mueller , the ex-wife of actor Charlie Sheen , will undergo drug rehab at home while caring for her young twins , her spokesman said Monday . Mueller was arrested in Aspen , Colorado , on December 3 and charged with assault and cocaine possession , police said . "  Recognizing past attempts at treatment have not been successful , Brooke has decided to take a different approach to deal with her addiction , " spokesman Steve Honig said . Mueller will take part in a rehab program during the day , but she will be "  under expert supervision 24 hours a day , seven days a week , " Honig said . "  In addition , Brooke has requested to be tested on a daily basis for cocaine and other illegal substances so there is no doubt as to her commitment . " The 2-year-old sons she shares with Sheen will stay in Mueller 's custody and will "  be cared for by Brooke and their longtime nanny , " Honig said . "  Charlie and Brooke 's family are all fully supportive of this decision and recognize the importance of maintaining the children 's normal routine . " The incidents in Aspen began when a woman at the Belly Up -- a bar and performance venue there -- complained that Mueller had been "  the aggressor " in an assault , Aspen police said . Mueller was found and arrested after midnight at another bar , Escobar , police said . She was charged with possession of cocaine with intent to distribute , which is a felony , and third-degree assault , which is a misdemeanor . She was released after posting an $ 11,000 bond , Aspen police said . A court date is scheduled for December 19 . Mueller has appeared as an actress in several movies , including 2004 's "  A Love Song for Bobby Long , " according to IMDb . But she is more widely known as the ex-wife of Sheen , with whom she has twin sons . The boys and Mueller were part of Sheen 's volatile public fall-out with CBS earlier this year as he left his starring role on the network 's "  Two and Half Men . " She claimed in March that he 'd threatened to kill her , saying , "  I will cut your head off , put it in a box and send it to your mom , " according to a declaration made in a restraining order against Sheen . The revelations led to a court order removing the 2-year-old boys from Sheen 's home . The actor called the allegation "  colorful " and described the quote attributed to him as fabricated in an interview with NBC 's "  Today Show . " Mueller has sought help for substance abuse and stress-related issues in the past . Last December , her attorney , Yale Galanter , said that she entered a sober living facility . Earlier , in April 2010 , Mueller had checked into a treatment facility for help with stress management to prevent a "  return to old problems , " her representative said . She was in substance abuse rehab earlier in 2010 "  to get her health in order , " Galanter said at the time . The couple was involved in an alleged domestic dispute in Aspen on Christmas Day 2009 that resulted in felony charges against Sheen . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Brooke Mueller will take part in a daytime drug program , but have 24/7 supervision Mueller faces a drug charge after an Aspen , Colorado , arrest Her twin sons will stay with her at home during her rehab Mueller went to rehab in 2010
InStyle.com  -- So you 're finally ready to settle down and make that marriage proposal ? There 's no better time to do it than engagement season , which , lucky for you , is now ! Get inspired by these uber-romantic celebrity proposals . Brandon Routh popped the question to Courtney Ford while on a picnic . Tia Mowry and Cory Hardrict Although the set of a slasher movie seems an unlikely place for romance to bloom , that 's just where it happened for actors Tia Mowry and Cory Hardrict . Shortly after shooting began in 1999 on their film "  Hollywood Horror , " the co-stars started spending time together . Seven years later , on Christmas Day 2006 , Hardrict , 32 , told Mowry , 30 , that he wanted to give her a promise ring . Then , as her entire family looked on , the "  Lincoln Heights " actor yelled , "  Psych ! " and got down on one knee to present her with a 1.5-carat diamond engagement ring . Antonio Pierce and Jocelyn Maldonado Antonio Pierce , an NFL linebacker , met Jocelyn Maldonado during a celebrity appearance at an ESPN Fantasy Football Draft . Maldonado , a model at the event , instantly caught his eye . Pierce and Maldonado  who now hosts Mets Weekly  were inseparable over the next six months . In February 2007 , Pierce treated Maldonado to a helicopter ride above Manhattan , New York , before dining at Brooklyn 's The River Café . Famous for its chocolate Brooklyn Bridge cake , Pierce conspired with the restaurant 's manager to place the engagement ring atop the confection , which was covered with pink rose petals . Howie Dorough and Leigh Boniello Backstreet Boy Howard "  Howie " Dorough got more than he bargained for after hiring Leigh Boniello to be the band 's webmaster in December 2000 . Boniello went on tour with the group and quickly grew close to Dorough . Six years later , the couple attended a New Year 's Eve party at the New Jersey home of Boniello 's father . "  I figured , what better timing , " says Dorough , "  because all of her family was going to be there , including her 92-year-old grandmother . " Just before the stroke of midnight , Dorough made a toast and presented Boniello with a custom-designed three-stone diamond engagement ring . Brandon Routh and Courtney Ford Three years before actor Brandon Routh donned those famous blue tights , he tended bar at Lucky Strike Lanes in Hollywood . During a party there in 2003 , actress Courtney Ford repeatedly poured out the drinks he made her as a ruse to chat him up . "  I kept asking him for another drink , telling him the one before was too strong , " she recalls . In 2006 , Routh purchased the 3-carat diamond ring that had caught Ford 's eye during an earlier visit to Neil Lane . But since the two were traveling for the Superman Returns press tour , Routh asked Gilbert Adler , one of the film 's producers , to hold the ring until they arrived in England . "  Poor man ! " says Routh . "  He carried it around for two and a half weeks . " Finally , while picnicking in Glastonbury , Routh popped the question . Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter Roselyn Sanchez and Eric Winter became friends after meeting at a party in 2006 and Sanchez immediately pegged him as perfect husband material . She found out for certain that he felt the same way just two days before Christmas 2007 , under a full moon at midnight , in a bay off the coast of the Puerto Rican island Vieques . The two were seated in a double kayak , taking in the bioluminescent organisms shimmering in the water all alone , except for a tour guide in a second kayak . The scene should have been pure bliss , except that Sachez was concerned when their guide speedily paddled away . "  The guy knew to take off so Eric could propose , but imagine how I felt floating in this huge bay in the middle of the night with nobody around , " Sanchez explains . "  I started calling back , ` Senor , hello ! Come back ! ' until I realized something was going on . " After an "  amazing speech , " Winter pulled out a 4.3-carat brilliant-cut diamond ring by Michael Barin , Sanchez 's favorite jeweler . But her joy was soon laced with anxiety over the fact that such a costly bauble was surrounded by acres of sea . "  I said , ` Put it away , please . I do n't want it to drop in the water ! ' " Anna Chlumsky and Shaun So Actress Anna Chlumsky , 27 , best known for her role in "  My Girl , " was awaiting her seven-year anniversary with college sweetheart and army reservist Shaun So , 28 , and hoping he might pop the question . While they were having breakfast at a café in her neighborhood a week before their anniversary , Chlumsky described a cocktail ring a friend was selling . So , who had been carrying an engagement ring for two weeks in anticipation of the perfect moment , pulled out the 1-carat , cathedral-mounted , radiant-cut bauble and asked , "  Does it look anything like this ? " Guiliana DePandi & Bill Rancic It started out all business : Giuliana DePandi was interviewing Bill Rancic , first-season winner on "  The Apprentice " and co-host of the Chicago , Illinois , TV show "  In the Loop with iVillage . " But when the cameras stopped rolling in April 2006 , a whirlwind -- and adventurous -- romance began . Eight months later , when Rancic , 36 , popped the question during a chopper flight over Chicago , complete with champagne , Giordano 's deep-dish pizza  DePandi 's favorite  and Michael Bublé tunes piped into the headset . "  Bill told me we were going to look at Christmas lights , " says DePandi . "  It was dark in the helicopter , so I did n't really get a look at the ring until the next day , when I went into shock for the second time , " she says of the 4-carat cushion-cut diamond in a micro pavé setting Rancic helped design . Jeri Ryan and Chistophe Eme "  He was hot ! " Shark star Jeri Ryan , 39 , recalls of first glimpsing her future husband , Christophe Emé , 38 , at a food-related charity event four years ago . "  He looked good in his chef 's hat , and he had this ornery little spark in his eye that I really enjoy . " After dating for two years , the couple opened Ortolan , their celebrated French restaurant in Los Angeles , California . The proposal came soon after . "  One night , Christophe covered my eyes and took me into our bedroom , " recalls Ryan . There the die-hard romantic had placed candles , champagne and a canvas painted with the messages "  And you come with me forever " in French and "  Grow old along with me " in English . Emé then presented Ryan with a made-to-order cushion-cut solitaire set in pavé diamonds . Jason Priestley and Naomi Lowde Fate has looked after Jason Priestley . On Valentine 's Day 2000 the actor met Naomi Lowde , a makeup artist from Hertfordshire , England , while walking back from a play rehearsal in London . "  I was smitten , " says Priestley , now 36 . The Beverly Hills , 90210 alum and Lowde , 27 , immediately began dating , and in 2002 they moved back to California together . That 's when fate took another turn : On August 11 , 2002 , Priestley was driving his race car on a Kentucky track when he hit a wall at 180 mph . Though he sustained three skull fractures , a broken back and a bleeding artery in his neck , he pulled through . "  It was a tough time , but it was also magical because we kept each other 's spirits high , " says Lowde . "  We pushed two beds together in the hospital and put Swifty , our French bulldog , in the middle . We were together 24 hours a day , seven days a week , for three months . " In May 2004 Priestley arranged another trip to London , England -- to the very street corner where he and Naomi first met , where he presented her with an emerald-cut , three-diamond ring by Steven Pomerantz . Rebecca Romijn and Jerry O'Connell What happens in Vegas does n't always stay in Vegas -- and for Rebecca Romijn and Jerry O'Connell , that 's not a bad thing . Nearly four years ago the two ran into each other poolside at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas , Nevada . "  I was working on a documentary , and Jerry offered to help , " recalls Romijn , 35 . "  He spent a week operating the microphone , but later he told me he would have done anything . I do n't think he really cared about the project , if you know what I mean . " For their first date the couple went to see the Blue Man Group with friends , and O'Connell had Romijn in stitches . "  It was this whole Jerry show in my ear . That 's how it is with Jerry . You get sucked into it ! " Evidently : A year and a half later , on September 18 , 2005 , O'Connell , 33 , proposed to Romijn in New York with a diamond ring from Simon G. "  I got down on one knee , asked her to marry me and said , ` You better say yes ' a couple of times -- there was a little bit of a pause on her part , " says O'Connell . Romijn 's take ? "  Not true ! " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tia Mowry and Cory Hardrict got engaged on the set of a slasher movie Backstreet Boy Howard "  Howie " Dorough proposed on New Year 's Eve Rebecca Romijn and Jerry O'Connell first met in Las Vegas , Nevada Jason Priestley proposed on the street corner where he and Naomi Lowde met
CNN  -- Leading Turkey in a political partnership with Recep Tayyip Erdogan , the country 's prime minister , would be "  very good . " That 's the view of his biggest rival in this weekend 's presidential elections , Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu . The comment might seem unusual for a politician , but it reflects Turkey 's admiration for Erdogan . Ihsanoglu , speaking on Turkish television , continued in the same vein , noting he liked Erdogan 's leadership and admired his work as prime minister . According to the polls , more than half of Turkey agrees . Erdogan has won a record three terms as prime minister and polls show he 's likely to win Sunday 's presidential elections . This is because Erdogan has led the country with actions , not words . Erdogan has always been known by what he has achieved . His oratory is impressive , but it 's not his winning point . Before Erdogan was elected mayor of Istanbul in 1994 , there were frequent water cuts , garbage piled through the streets and air pollution . He solved the problems in just three years . Erdogan then co-established his own party , the Justice and Development Party , or AKP , and ran in the general elections . He was known colloquially as the saver of Istanbul and in 2002 , he was voted in as prime minister , with 34 % of the vote . At the time Turkey was facing its biggest economic crisis . Inflation rate ran above 30 % and overnight interest rates had hit 63 % . Under Erdogan , inflation declined to single digits and GDP tripled . His commitment to doing business with emerging markets such as Russia and China meant the country secured nearly $ 130 billion in foreign investment , compared to $ 15 billion during the previous 80 years . Visitor numbers soared , from 16 million in 2003 to 35 million in 2013 . The economic upturn helped Turkey fund schools , hospitals , highways , railways , airways and universities . And , looking at the figures , it seems naive to question how Erdogan continues to dominate Turkish politics . The recipe is simple : He is beneficial for the people , and they want him as their leader . Further , when compared to the AKP , the opposition party CHP looks incompetent . But Erdorgan 's success is not just economic . Turkey has a long way to go towards full democracy , but Erdogan has tackled three significant problems . Firstly he has , for example , allowed the army to do its one and only job : Be an army . Secondly , he has backed the "  solution process , " designed to bring peace with the Kurdish region . The "  Kurdish Problem " has cost more than 30,000 lives and up to $ 450 billion . Thirdly , Erdogan has also modernized Turkish society by lifting the headscarf ban in universities and public , liberating religious women . Erdogan , in a first for the country , also expressed condolences to the Armenian people for the massacre in 1915 , during WWI . Further , he initiated reforms that empowered non-Muslim communities , such as the 2008 Law on Foundations that enabled property worth $ 2.5 billion , previously occupied unjustly by the state , to be returned to minorities . It wo n't be a surprise if Erdogan is elected as president . Under his leadership , democratic and economic improvements will continue . It is good now -- and it will hopefully get better . Read more : Erdogan aims for place in history Read more : Economic star falls The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yavuz Yigit .	Yavuz Yigit argues Turkey 's PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan will make a good president Polls and previous elections show the country also supports Erdogan as its leader The country 's presidential elections are this Sunday , and Erdogan is frontrunner
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- It was August , 2011 , the night rebels seized control of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's compound and Tripoli fell . I 'd already done a couple of business shows earlier that day and was about to go home when the news broke . I ended up staying on the air through 4am . I did n't know it then , but I was having my own attack as well . First , the harsh studio lights . I could barely focus my eyes on the camera in front of me . Fortunately , we do not use teleprompters in breaking news situations . It 's almost all ad-libbed . There was no way I could have read any words on a screen . Organizing sentences in my brain became increasingly difficult -- and it was n't just the usual fatigue from a sustained marathon of breaking news at CNN International . By the end of it , my face felt numb , and I thought this must be what it 's like when someone 's having a stroke . Out of the studio , the racket of my earpiece out of my head , the lights dimmed , I immediately felt better , made it home and flopped into bed . When I awoke the next afternoon , it was all "  Alice in Wonderland . " The room , the hallway , the doorframes , everything was on a tilt . I was so dizzy , I had to hold on with both hands to walk down the hall . This was my first major flare-up of a compromised vestibular system , the complex network of the inner ear , the brain and the eyes we never think about , but is largely responsible for keeping humans upright . One doctor thought it was Ménière 's disease since I had previously suffered hearing loss in my left ear . I was terrified . Am I going deaf ? No one could answer . It took a couple of months , but I finally found the right doctor who specialized in vestibular disorders and who nailed it right away . I also learned I was in good company . According to the Vestibular Disorders Association  VEDA  , an estimated 35 percent of Americans aged 40 or older experience vertigo or persistent dizziness sometime in their lives . That 's about 70 million Americans . NBA stars Pau Gasol and LeBron James , and the NHL 's Sidney Crosby and Chris Pronger are just a few famous professional athletes and public figures who suffered vestibular problems related to concussion or injury . Some have been career-ending . Many cases remain undiagnosed or misdiagnosed . Having a chronic vestibular problem is a bit like having a hurricane inside your head . While the disorder is often associated with brain injuries , anyone can get hit . In my case , it was a combination of the hearing loss and the work environment : bright lights , loud noise , intense stress and fatigue which are all typical in the life of a news anchor on a 24-hour , international network . Florida-based chiropractic neurologist Dr. Ted Carrick , who sees patients from all over the world , including dozens of celebrity athletes , says : "  People lose their autonomy with vestibular issues . "  There is nothing better ... than when I see a person who ca n't walk without their hands on a wall get their life back . " Carrick points to the prevalence of falls which he says are the greatest cause of accidental death after the age of 21 . "  We have tens of millions of patients at risk of falling and do n't even know it . "  You can feel good because the brain compensates , but the compensation is n't permanent and it is n't full . "  People are aware of heart attacks and cancer , but they 're walking around in a bigger time bomb . " Cynthia Ryan , Executive Director of VEDA , adds : "  Many of our members tell us that they feel they have an invisible chronic illness . "  Their symptoms and condition are not always acknowledged , leaving them to deal with the devastating consequences on their own . " That 's where public awareness comes in . VEDA promotes "  Balance Awareness Week " to encourage undiagnosed patients to seek help from a vestibular specialist . Reducing the time it takes to be diagnosed could save lives . In my case , a quick diagnosis and the right therapy put my life back on track . Although protecting my hearing , and managing fatigue and stress mean TV anchoring is out , I 'm passionate about advocating and mentoring the next generation of journalists at Georgia State University . It 's a slower , calmer life , but it 's also a balanced life , literally . "  Balance Awareness Week " in the U.S. is September 15-21 . VEDA has partners in the UK and Australia as well .	Colleen McEdwards finished a shift anchoring breaking news so dizzy she had to hold on to the wall to walk She was diagnosed with a vestibular disorder , something that affects about 70 million Americans Balance Awareness Week , from September 15-21 in the U.S. , hopes to raise awareness The awareness campaign is backed by the Vestibular Disorders Association
CNN  -- A U.S. senator is calling for a federal probe into the system of background checks for employees at nuclear plants after learning that a suspected al Qaeda member from New Jersey worked at five such sites . "  We simply can not tolerate at any time having someone with terrorist ties working at a nuclear plant , period , " Sen. Chuck Schumer , a New York Democrat , said in a written statement Saturday . "  It seems like common sense , but clearly we need to tighten up the system . " The FBI said earlier this week that it is investigating Sharif Mobley , a 26-year-old from Buena , New Jersey , as a suspected member of al Qaeda . Mobley also is accused of shooting and killing a security agent and severely injuring another while trying to flee the Republican Hospital in Sanaa , Yemen , last weekend , a law enforcement source said last week . Mobley 's father said Saturday , "  My son is no terrorist . " He would not comment further . Mobley worked at nuclear plants operated by PSEG Nuclear for different contractors from 2002 to 2008 , doing routine labor such as carrying supplies and assisting with maintenance activities , company spokesman Joe Delmar said Thursday . The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission said it was working with the FBI to determine whether Mobley had access to any sensitive areas of the nuclear plants where he once worked , spokeswoman Holly Harrington said . "  It 's important to note that for him to even be in the plants , he 'd have to undergo a background and criminal history check , " she said . She said Mobley worked at five plants between 2002 and 2008 in "  labor -LSB- and -RSB- maintenance kind of positions . " Schumer said the Nuclear Regulatory Commission inspector general should conduct an "  immediate and thorough review " of its procedures for background checks on new and transfer employees . The senator said the monitoring of current employees needs improvement . He said the current background checks include an examination of criminal and employment histories , a psychological assessment and behavioral observation . However , "  the NRC delegates the authority to complete background checks , which results in a certain degree of disparity in how checks are carried out , and what information is ultimately covered , " Schumer 's statement said . He said the checks are not required to cover such information as past travel and ties with other countries . Yemeni counterterrorism forces rushed to the scene and captured Mobley , who had barricaded himself in a hospital room , said Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington , on Thursday . Mobley remains detained in Yemen after the incident at the hospital . Yemeni authorities detained him and 10 other al Qaeda suspects this month in a "  successful security sweep " in Sanaa , the capital , Albasha said . Mobley had been transported to the hospital over the weekend for medical treatment , Albasha said . He would not elaborate . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty , Jeanne Meserve , Mike M. Ahlers and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Senator calls for probe into background check system for nuclear plant workers Suspected al Qaeda member Sharif Mobley did routine labor at nuclear plants from 2002 to 2008 Mobley is accused of killing security agent while trying to flee a hospital in Sanaa , Yemen Background checks include criminal , employment histories ; psychological assessment
CNN  -- Federal investigators are concerned a potential danger persists because of the simultaneous use of intersecting runways at Newark Liberty International Airport , one of the nation 's busiest and a gateway to the New York metro area . The alert comes after repeated instances in which planes above the Newark airport flew too close to each other in violation of safety standards . There were four such instances last year and at least four this year , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation inspector general . In one case , on January 16 , 2008 , two Continental planes -- a Boeing B-737 and an Embraer 145 -- missed each other by 600 feet , according to a DOT inspector general 's report . "  That was very scary . I was there for that one personally in the control tower , and it scared the heck out of everybody up there , " said Ray Adams , a Newark air traffic controller . Potential danger arises when approaching planes need to abort their landings , which happens about every 700 flights at Newark , according to a Federal Aviation Administration analysis . In what the FAA calls "  go-arounds , " the diverted plane approaching Newark has to make a sharp right turn through the flight path of planes landing and taking off from an intersecting runway , allowing little margin for error . "  There was a distinct possibility that we could have had a collision with these operations , " Adams said . Adams said he raised the safety issue to the FAA but got nowhere . He persisted , taking his complaint to New Jersey 's congressional delegation , which organized two meetings last year with FAA officials . In response , Adams said , he was punished , put on paid leave for 11 months , then leave without pay for a month . The FAA said the disciplinary actions had nothing to do with Adams ' safety complaints . Adams filed a whistle-blower complaint with the U.S. Office of Special Counsel , the agency that investigates whistle-blower complaints . Adams ' complaint led DOT Inspector General Calvin Scovel to investigate . Scovel found merit in Adams ' concerns , concluding in a report two months ago that "  questions about the safety of the runway 22L-11 approach configuration at Newark persist . " In response , the FAA promised to use a computer program that helps air traffic controllers stagger aircraft to ensure proper spacing . On November 5 , the DOT wrote to the Office of Special Counsel confirming the computer system had been put to use at Newark on October 26 . The next day the Office of Special Counsel learned the technology was no longer in use at Newark . "  I am outraged , " said Rep. Donald Payne , D-New Jersey . "  When you put into jeopardy the human lives at risk , it ca n't get any more serious than that . " FAA spokesperson Laura Brown said , "  There was no intent to deceive anyone about what we were doing . " She added , "  FAA safety officers wanted to make absolutely sure employees were fully trained on the equipment . " The FAA said it intends to have the computer system fully operational at Newark by mid-December . Last week the Office of Special Counsel raised the matter with President Obama , writing that "  we found a substantial likelihood that FAA officials were engaging in conduct that constitutes gross mismanagement and a substantial and specific danger to public safety . " Meanwhile , after a year out of the control tower , Adams returned to his regular job Wednesday at Newark air traffic control .	Concerns cited about potential danger of using intersecting runways at Newark DOT inspector general : Planes above airport flew too close to each other repeatedly Air traffic controller says he was punished for raising safety issue with FAA FAA : Computer system that helps controllers stagger aircraft to be in use in December
CNN  -- Ed McMahon , the longtime pitchman and Johnny Carson sidekick whose "  Heeeeeeerre 's Johnny ! " became a part of the vernacular , has died . Ed McMahon had suffered several health problems in recent years . McMahon passed away peacefully shortly after midnight at the Ronald Reagan/UCLA Medical Center , his publicist , Howard Bragman , said Tuesday McMahon , 86 , was hospitalized in February with pneumonia and other medical problems . He had suffered a number of health problems in recent years , including a neck injury caused by a 2007 fall . In 2002 , he sued various insurance companies and contractors over mold in his house and later collected a $ 7 million settlement . Though he later hosted a variety of shows -- including "  Star Search " and "  TV 's Bloopers and Practical Jokes , " McMahon 's biggest fame came alongside Carson on "  The Tonight Show , " which Carson hosted from 1962 to 1992 . The two met not long after Carson began hosting the game show "  Who Do You Trust ? " in 1957 . iReport.com : Share your memories of Ed McMahon "  Johnny did n't look as if he was dying to see me , " McMahon , who was hosting a show on a Philadelphia TV station , told People magazine in 1980 about the pair 's first meeting . "  He was standing with his back to the door , staring at a couple of workmen putting letters on a theater marquee . I walked over and stood beside him . Finally the two guys finished , and Johnny asked , ` What have you been doing ? ' I told him . He said , ` Good to meet you , Ed , ' shook my hand , and I was out of the office . The whole meeting was about as exciting as watching a traffic light change . " Watch McMahon discuss meeting Johnny Carson " Though McMahon was surprised to be offered the job as Carson 's sidekick , the two soon proved to have a strong chemistry . Carson was , by nature , introverted and dry-witted ; McMahon was the boisterous and outgoing second banana , content to give Carson straight lines or laugh uproariously at his jokes  a characteristic much-parodied by comedians  . Watch Comedian Joan Rivers recall McMahon " Carson made cracks about McMahon 's weight , his drinking and the men 's trouble with divorce . McMahon was married three times ; Carson , who died in 2005 , had four wives . McMahon was also the show 's designated pitchman , a talent he honed to perfection during "  Tonight 's " 30-year run with Carson , even if sometimes the in-show commercial spots fell flat . For one of the show 's regular sponsors , Alpo dog food , McMahon usually extolled the virtues of the product while a dog eagerly gobbled down a bowl . But one day the show 's regular dog was n't available , and the substitute pooch was n't very hungry . McMahon recalled the incident in his 1998 memoir , "  For Laughing Out Loud . " "  Then I saw Johnny come into my little commercial area . He got down on his hands and knees and came over to me . ... I started to pet Johnny . Nice boss , I was thinking as I pet him on the head , nice boss . By this point the audience was hysterical . ... I just kept going . I was going to get my commercial done . " ` The next time you 're looking at the canned dog food ... ' -- he rubbed his cheek against my leg -- ... reach for the can that contains real beef . ' Johnny got up on his knees and started begging for more . I started petting him again ... and then he licked my hand . " McMahon also promoted Budweiser , American Family Insurance and -- during the most recent Super Bowl -- Cash4Gold.com . Entertainment Weekly named him No. 1 on its list of TV 's greatest sidekicks . Edward Leo Peter McMahon Jr. was born in Detroit , Michigan , on March 6 , 1923 . His father was a promoter , and McMahon remembered moving a lot during his childhood . "  I changed towns more often than a pickpocket , " McMahon told People . He later joined the Marines and served in World War II and Korea . Though McMahon was well-rewarded by NBC -- the 1980 People article listed his salary between $ 600,000 and $ 1 million -- his divorces and some poor investments took their toll . In June 2008 , The Wall Street Journal reported that McMahon was $ 644,000 in arrears on a $ 4.8 million loan for a home in Beverly Hills , California , and his lender had filed a notice of default . McMahon and his wife , Pamela , told CNN 's Larry King that McMahon had gotten caught in a spate of financial problems . "  If you spend more money than you make , you know what happens . And it can happen . You know , a couple of divorces thrown in , a few things like that , " said McMahon , who added that he had n't worked much since the neck injury . McMahon later struck a deal that allowed him to stay in the house . He is survived by his wife , Pamela , and five children . A sixth child , McMahon 's son Michael , died in 1995 .	McMahon 's biggest fame came alongside Johnny Carson on "  The Tonight Show " McMahon hosted "  Star Search " and "  TV 's Bloopers and Practical Jokes " McMahon had suffered several health problems in recent years
Washington  CNN  -- The National Tea Party Federation , which seeks to represent the Tea Party political movement around the country , has expelled the Tea Party Express because of an inflammatory blog post its leader , Mark Williams , wrote last week responding to criticism from the NAACP . Williams ' blog post satirized a fictional letter from what he called "  Colored People " to President Abraham Lincoln . Even before this current controversy , the group was criticized by some within the Tea Party movement for being run by Republican consultants and for trying to influence GOP primaries far from its base in Sacramento , California . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser sums up the Tea Party Express and its place in the larger Tea Party movement : High profile : The Tea Party Express is one of the best-known groups in the movement because of its three high-profile bus caravans and rallies . Sarah Palin spoke at the beginning of its third caravan , which began in Searchlight , Nevada , and its next-to-the-last stop in Boston , Massachusetts , before it ended with a Tax Day rally in Washington . Political impact : The Tea Party Express has become a major player in Republican politics , spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads for Republican Senate candidate Scott Brown in Massachusetts who upset Democrat Martha Coakley to fill the late Sen. Ted Kennedy 's seat . More recently , the organization helped little-known Sharron Angle win the Republican primary in Nevada to face Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , endorsing her and spending about a half-million dollars on ads for her . The organization says it plans to spend more to help her get elected . The group also targeted incumbent Sen. Bob Bennett in Utah for his vote on the Troubled Assets Recovery Program and helped defeat his bid for a fourth term . It then backed underdog Mike Lee 's successful primary campaign and Lee now appears to be a shoo-in to win the general election in November and join the Senate next year . Political action : The group runs the "  Our Country Deserves Better PAC-Tea Party Express.org " political action committee , which was formed in 2008 to help raise money to oppose presidential candidate Barack Obama . It was created by Republican political consultant Joe Wierzbicki , who appears to have come up with the original Tea Party Express cross-country caravan . What 's next ? : The Tea Party Express is targeting GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski in Alaska and has endorsed her little-know primary challenger Joe Miller . It plans a Monday event to announce its support .	CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser sums up the Tea Party Express The National Tea Party Federation expels the Tea Party Express The reason ? An inflammatory blog post its leader wrote about the NAACP
New York  CNN  -- Exposure to debris at Ground Zero may be linked to heart problems in police officers , according to a new study announced Saturday . The study revealed that police officers who worked at the World Trade Center site in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks had unusually high occurrences of abnormal left and right ventricular functioning , leading doctors to consider the role Ground Zero played in their diminished heart function . The study , which started in January 2008 and ended in June , was funded by the Fraternal Order of Police of New York State . The study was not intended at first to focus on the effects of Ground Zero , but rather to test the strains of the job , said Dr. Lori Croft , the study 's lead investigator . Many Ground Zero workers have been reported to suffer from lung ailments after exposure to dust and debris at the site , but this is the first study that offers evidence that work at Ground Zero may lead to cardiovascular problems , said Croft of the Mount Sinai Medical Center . Once microscopic matter is inhaled , it can result in harmful scarring to the lungs and heart , said Croft . Croft said that a healthy person 's heart muscle relaxes when it fills with blood . In the cases of the study participants , Croft said the heart remains somewhat stiff , which hinders blood flow and can lead to heart disease later in life . Croft tested about 1,200 police officers over an 18-month period and found that 53 percent had abnormal left ventricular functioning and 59 percent had problems with their right ventricle . This would come as little surprise if they were in their 80s , but the mean age in the group was 49 , Croft said . "  If you 're talking about 80-year-olds with these statistics , that 's one thing , " she said . "  But these are people in their 40s and 50s . That 's unusual . " About 7 percent of 50-year-olds have this problem , Croft said . Croft said some questions remain . Law enforcement is generally a stressful occupation and police often work varying shifts and might sit in a patrol car for long periods -- all unhealthy for the heart , she said . The study , while revealing , needs to be further explored , she said . For example , testing police officers in other cities might help put the findings in context , she said .	Study finds unusually high occurrences of abnormal left and right ventricular functioning Findings are first to possibly link work at Ground Zero to cardiovascular problems Study was initially intended to test strains of job and effects of Ground Zero Testing officers in other cities could help put findings in context , study 's leader says
CNN  -- South Korea 's Kim Yu-Na performed a flawless free skate on Thursday to handily claim Olympic gold in the women 's figure skating finals and earn the first figure skating medal for her country . Kim , who led after the short program earlier this week , defeated Japan 's Mao Asada , who won silver . Canada 's Joannie Rochette , who competed just days after her mother died , won the bronze . "  I have been dreaming about this moment and I ca n't believe that this moment is here , " she said afterward . Kim won by 23 points , a huge margin in figure skating , reaffirming the 19-year-old 's status as world champion . Skating to Concerto in F by George Gershwin , she breezed through a triple lutz , triple flip , triple salchow and the combination of a triple lutz and triple toeloop . She said she was shocked to see her score -- a 150.06 for the free skating portion . Her final overall score was 228.56 . "  I waited a long time for the Olympics , and it feels like a large weight has been lifted off , " she said . Her coach Brian Orser said Kim has been calm throughout her Olympic experience . "  She embraced the entire Olympic experience , " he said . "  It 's everything I 'd ever imagined for her . To see her live , it is sensational . " South Korean media celebrated her win , with headlines reading : "  We are proud Kim Yu-Na , nation ` jumps ' with golden performance " in Sports Seoul and "  Netizens emotional : We write Kim Yu-Na and read it goddess " in My Daily Sports . "  The whole nation was watching , even the president , " journalist Brett Cole told CNN from Seoul . "  The whole nation literally stopped for Yu-Na 's performance . " Cole described Kim as somewhat of a girl next door , down to earth -- but she was carrying the hopes of a nation on her shoulders . Read more about Kim 's popularity in South Korea "  There was a lot of pressure on her because South Korea really wanted this victory , " he said . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report	Kim Yu-Na wins by large margin over competitors Kim : "  I have been dreaming about this moment " Japan 's Mao Asada takes second , Canada 's Joannie Rochette wins bronze Kim coach : "  She embraced the entire Olympic experience "
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Relatives of a woman killed in a Spanish airline crash were erroneously given the remains of another victim , and then were asked by authorities to return them , CNN partner network CNN + reported Thursday . The victims of the crash were first laid out at a Madria convention center . A Madrid judge has opened an investigation into the error , and judicial sources say the initial indication is that the mixup occurred not in the proper identification of the victim , but in delivering the wrong remains to the family in question , CNN + reported . The family Wednesday received an urn numbered 104 , and were told it contained the ashes of their loved one , Pilar Gonzalez Ferreira , who died in the crash . But as the family was preparing to leave Madrid , officials called to tell them about the error and asked for the return of urn 104 , CNN + reported . Instead of urn 104 , the family was supposed to have received urn 134 , which actually contains the remains of Pilar Gonzalez , CNN + reported , citing judicial sources and another family which also lost a relative in the crash . The Spanair MD82 jet crashed last week at Madrid 's airport as the plane was trying to take off , killing 154 people . The aircraft , bound for Spain 's Canary Islands , managed to rise only slightly before coming down quickly to the right of the runway , its tail section hitting the ground first , just off the asphalt . Then the out-of-control plane skidded and bounced at least three times as it careered 1,200 meters  3,840 feet  across uneven terrain and exploded , coming to rest in a gully , a top official of the investigative commission told a news conference in Madrid on Tuesday . Many of the bodies were badly charred from the fire , and authorities have used DNA samples to carry out numerous identifications . By Thursday , 126 victims had been identified , CNN + reported . Just a few dozen families are still waiting to receive the remains their loved ones . Most are gathered at a Madrid hotel near the airport . Nineteen people initially survived the crash , but one died in hospital last weekend . Fourteen survivors remain hospitalized in Madrid ; one had returned to her native Sweden for further hospitalization there , and another was in a hospital in the Canary Islands . Two other survivors , including a six-year-old boy , were released from hospital earlier this week .	Relatives of Spanair crash victim given the wrong remains , CNN + reports Initial probe finds family given the wrong urn , not the body was wrongly identified Spanair flight crashed during take off last week from Madrid airport 154 died , 18 survivors still in hospitals , two injured released from hospital
CNN  -- For a woman whose country is on the brink of financial collapse , Greek teacher Julie Koukliati is surprisingly cheerful . "  You only hear bad things about Europe and Greece but people there still have hope , " she said . "  They are still falling in love , going on vacation , they are getting on with their lives . " Koukliati is quick to add , however , that many of her friends and family are inquiring about South Africa , where three weeks ago she started a new job teaching Greek at a private school in the city of Pretoria . Koukliati is in South Africa as part of an initiative by the education ministry in her country to teach the Greek language to expats living abroad . However , the program has been drastically reduced as Greece tries to cut back on spending . Over 2,000 teachers were sent overseas in 2009 , and last year the number was cut down to 1,430 . The teachers pay for their own travel and relocation but continue to receive a salary from the Greek government . Teachers ' salaries have recently been cut by the Greek government , and Koukliati says she now earns 200 euros less than she did two years ago . She 's expecting another cut soon as her government explores more ways of saving money . Working in South Africa , however , will cushion that blow . "  The truth is I get two salaries now , " she told CNN . "  One from Greece and one from here . " Apart from the primary school where she goes in the morning , Koukliati teaches older kids at a Greek community center . She told CNN : "  The community here asked the ministry of education back home to take care of this part of Greece which is in South Africa , and it 's a strong part . " Up to 50,000 Greeks live in South Africa , according to the Consulate General of Greece in Johannesburg . Community organizations have told CNN that they are receiving more job applications from electricians and artists desperate to escape the tough economic conditions in Greece . When asked how she feels about the fact Greek teachers are losing their jobs back home while she is paid to teach foreigners , Koukliati insists she 's still serving her country . She said of her students : "  Their roots are in Greece . Their parents and grandparents do n't want them to lose their roots . In their hearts and their parents ' hearts Greece is always there . So I 'm still working for Greece , that 's for sure . " The number of Greeks living in South Africa has dropped sharply in the past decade . A report by the General Secretariat of Greeks abroad estimated that 100,000 expats lived in South Africa in 2004 -- roughly twice the number living there today . South Africa has its own unemployment problems , but a deficit in specialized skills could see the once dwindling Greek community burgeon again .	Greek teachers are finding work teaching the Greek language in South Africa Teachers pay for relocation to South Africa but still receive salary from Greek government Up to 50,000 Greeks live in South Africa , according to Greek consulate in Johannesburg
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Steve Karas and Matthew Welling share a special bond . Matthew Welling , left , received a bone marrow transplant from Steve Karas , right . They are n't related . In fact , they had never even met until 3-year-old Matthew needed a life-saving bone marrow transplant two years ago . It turned out that Karas , 51 , of Newton , Massachusetts , was a perfect match . "  My heart went a hundred miles an hour , and I could n't even conceive of what this meant , " Karas recalled . He had signed up for the National Marrow Donor Program registry 17 years ago and had never given it another thought . The call to donate came out of the blue . Karas remembered hearing , "  It was a little 1-year-old boy with this horrible disease called osteopetrosis , and the only cure was a bone marrow transplant , and would I be willing ? " He said there was no other answer than "  of course . " Karas is one of 11 million Americans who have volunteered to be marrow donors . Every day in the United States , an estimated 6,000 people need a transplant . There are two ways to donate bone marrow : Either a doctor must insert a needle into the back of the hip bone to retrieve the marrow , or cells are collected through a procedure called peripheral blood stem cell donation , or PBSC . "  Bone marrow is the source of early blood stem cells , and they make all kinds of blood cells that fight infection , " said Dr. Ann Haight , a pediatric hematologist and oncologist at the Aflac Cancer Center in Atlanta , Georgia . Bone marrow transplants can help treat cancers such as leukemia and blood disorders such as sickle cell disease . Matthew was suffering from a rare disorder that increases the density of bones and crowds out bone marrow . Watch more on bone marrow donation " His father , Michael , said waiting for doctors to find a donor match was terrifying . "  There is no more difficult , hard-to-stomach feeling than watching your child be sick and suffering and not be able to do anything , " he said . Welling said his ailing son started turning the corner after receiving a transplant in November 2007 . Doctors told him that Karas ' bone marrow donation helped save Matthew 's life by stopping the progression of the disease . Unfortunately , Matthew developed an infection a month after the transplant and the cells stopped working . He required a second transplant from another donor . That transplant worked , and while Matthew still suffers from side effects , his father reported the boy is cured of his initial disease . But the story does n't end there . Karas ' boss , Paul Amos , got word of his good deed and was so inspired that he launched a bone marrow registry drive among his 4,000 employees at Aflac , a supplemental insurance company based in Columbus , Georgia . As of Friday , nearly 1,100 workers had volunteered to join the national registry . "  We 're not asking for money , " Amos said . "  we 're not asking for any additional time except for a couple of seconds on a coffee break . Think of all the things you 've ever given , and that 's the simplest you could ever give . " Joining the registry involves completing a donation kit  available at marrow.org  . Cotton swabs are swiped on the inside of the cheeks to determine the tissue type . The sample is then sent along with an in-depth health history questionnaire to the National Marrow Donor Program . Dr. Haight said anyone over the age of 18 can join the registry provided he or she meets the health criteria . Those with conditions such as HIV , insulin-dependent diabetes , hepatitis and autoimmune diseases are generally excluded . "  The biggest need we have for additional donors is in racial and ethnic minorities , " she said . "  That 's because transplant tissue type will run with your racial and ethnic background . ... We need more African-Americans , Native Americans , Asian-Americans and Hispanics . " Karas found the actual harvest process to be relatively simple , with little pain . He ended up donating through the PBSC process , a nonsurgical outpatient procedure . The donor 's blood is removed through an intravenous needle and passed through a machine that separates out blood-forming cells . The remaining blood is returned through a needle in the donor 's other arm . "  I felt like I had the flu , and those symptoms lasted three or four days , " he said . Karas went back to work as a sales coordinator at the Boston , Massachusetts , office of Aflac within days . About a year ago , he received another call out of the blue and was asked if he wanted to meet Matthew and his parents . Michael Welling said the reunion was filled with tears . "  There was a part of us that felt , ' I almost hope he thinks we were worthy of this unbelievable gift he gave us . ' " Karas reassured the family that there was never a doubt his mind , especially after seeing that Matthew was healthy and thriving . "  It was one of the most emotional moments of my life , " Karas said . "  Short of fathering my own three sons , clearly this is the greatest thing I 've ever been able to do . "	A doctor inserts a needle into the back of the hip bone to retrieve the marrow Cells can alternatively be collected through peripheral blood stem cell donation 11 million Americans have volunteered to be marrow donors Anyone over the age of 18 who meets the criteria can join the donation registry
CNN  -- The Justice Department has decided it wo n't referee charges -- and countercharges -- of spying between the CIA and the Senate Intelligence Committee . The CIA 's general counsel and inspector general each made criminal referrals to the Justice Department seeking an investigation of whether Senate staffers obtained unauthorized access to classified documents related to the agency 's now-defunct post-9 / 11 interrogation program . Soon after , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein went to the Senate floor to accuse the agency of spying on computers used by committee staffers at a CIA facility to investigate the Bush-era interrogation program . Now , the Justice Department has notified the CIA and the Senate committee that it ca n't find enough evidence to warrant a full-blown probe . "  The department carefully reviewed the matters referred to us and did not find sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal investigation , " Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said . The CIA declined comment . Feinstein 's office did n't immediately comment . Critical report on CIA The unusual dispute has raised tensions between the agency and lawmakers charged with overseeing its activities . The committee has produced a 6,300-page report on the program , which critics say violated prohibitions on torture and exceeded legal guidance from the Justice Department . The White House and the CIA are reviewing an executive summary of the report to remove classified information before it can be released . The documents that prompted the dispute relate to an internal review by former CIA Director Leon Panetta and , according to the agency , were intended to help summarize material it was providing to the committee for its investigation of the program . The documents were plainly labeled as for internal use and were not supposed to be reviewed by the committee , according to the CIA . Feinstein said Senate staffers found the documents in the course of their work that were put in the computer system either on purpose by a whistleblower or perhaps in error , and that they corroborated some of the committee 's findings that the agency now says it disagrees with . She said committee staff routinely sees such documents and did n't violate any classified restrictions . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Thursday he believes the Senate has handled the matter appropriately . "  I think what the CIA did to my senators is wrong . I 'm going to drop it at that , " Reid said . Democratic Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado said , "  I still believe the CIA 's entry into our computers was unacceptable perhaps even unconstitutional and we should n't let this drop until we have some sort of fundamental resolution of what happened . This was n't the first time this occurred and the division of powers in our nation 's constitution is at some risk here . " Udall said it 's time for the White House and the CIA to release the portions of the Senate 's report under review . Feinstein is usually one of the intelligence community 's staunchest allies in Congress . CIA says it acted properly CIA Director John Brennan has disputed Feinstein 's accusations of agency wrongdoing in uncovering Senate staff access to the internal report . Speaking to the Council on Foreign Relations in March , he said , "  when the facts come out on this , I think a lot of people who are claiming that there has been this tremendous sort of spying and monitoring and hacking will be proved wrong . " Dean Boyd , a CIA spokesman , said in an op-ed published in USA Today in March that the agency acted properly after it discovered Senate staffers may have accessed and retained sensitive documents stored in a CIA computer network . "  These documents were privileged , deliberative , pre-decisional executive branch material that implicated separation of powers concerns , " Boyd wrote . "  Because we were concerned that there may have been a breach or vulnerability in the CIA local area network on which CIA stored these documents , CIA information technology specialists were asked to conduct a limited review to determine whether these files were located on the side of the CIA network the committee was authorized to use . That review appeared to confirm the committee 's unauthorized access to the documents . " FBI looks into dispute between CIA , Senate	Prosecutors say it ca n't find enough evidence to merit a full investigation CIA sought probe of whether Senate staffers improperly accessed classified documents The issue arose during Senate review of documents related to CIA 's interrogation program
CNN  -- The nonprofit that pushed last month for Venezuelan officials to investigate reports of a massacre in an Amazon indigenous community said Monday that it now believes there was no attack there . "  Having received its own testimony from confidential sources , Survival now believes there was no attack by miners on the Yanomami community of Irotatheri , " said Stephen Corry , director of Survival International . The statement comes after Venezuelan state media over the weekend published several reports detailing officials ' accounts from the area , also concluding that no massacre had occurred . Venezuelan officials : Reports of indigenous massacre false An aerial flyover and ground operation to the community in a remote region along the Brazil-Venezuela border showed no signs of an attack , Venezuelan Brig. Gen. Jesus Zambrano told state-run VTV . "  We can testify that nothing happened , " he said . Investigators "  also visited other communities in the region , before reaching Irotatheri , and also nothing happened there . " On Saturday , Venezuela 's government ombudswoman said the report was fueled by second-hand hearsay . "  It was a false , biased report , " Gabriela Ramirez told reporters . "  The report was made by an indigenous person that heard that another organization had said it . " Last month allegations of the reported massacre trickled out of the area , where unauthorized Brazilian gold miners have long clashed with indigenous groups . A declaration on the Survival International website last month said members of a neighboring indigenous community had heard reports of a massacre from Irotatheri 's residents . The declaration , purportedly from a group of organizations representing indigenous people and communities in the Amazon , said of about 80 Yanomami people who lived in the Irotatheri community , only three survivors had reportedly been found . Survival International , which advocates tribal peoples ' rights worldwide , had described it as an "  atrocity . " In his Monday statement saying that Survival no longer believes there was an attack , Corry said visitors to the area "  had heard stories of a killing in July . " "  We currently do not know whether or not these stories were sparked by a violent incident , which is the most likely explanation , but tension remains high in the area , " he said . Venezuelan officials said last Wednesday that they were investigating the reports of an attack . Several days later , a top official said visits to the region revealed that reports about the alleged massacre were false . On Saturday , a report from Venezuela 's AVN news agency said investigators from Venezuela 's air force concluded that "  levels of illegal mining in the area were minimal . " On Monday , Corry disputed that claim , saying "  many illegal gold miners are currently operating " in the area . "  The Venezuelan government 's reaction remains shameful . It has not said , even now , that it will remove the miners , and it immediately denied having found ` evidence ' of killings , before even concluding its own investigation , " Corry said .	Survival International "  now believes there was no attack " Last month , it urged officials to investigate reports of a massacre Venezuelan officials also say there is no evidence that a massacre occurred Hearsay fueled a "  false report , " an official says
CNN  -- A collaboration between Twitter and CNN during football 's 2010 World Cup in South Africa has landed a top television award for innovation . Tweets soared to a record high during the month-long competition , which was held in Africa for the first time , and in recognition of the new phenomenon , CNN created a data visualization tool to measure the activity . CNN 's Twitter Buzz was an interactive screen which reflected the Twitter traffic on a particular topic , usually a player or a team . The more the topic was tweeted , the bigger the picture on the screen . And there were often surprising results . On the first day of the tournament the word "  Bees " filled the page , a reference to the unique sound of the vuvuzelas which filled every stadium . South Africa 2010 was the first World Cup to be held since Twitter became one of the leading social media technologies and , at its peak , the interactive processed more than 13,000 tweets a minute when England played the United States in a group match on June 12 . During the tournament , won by Spain , Twitter Buzz handled more than 11 million World Cup-related tweets . The Twitter Buzz page on CNN.com also attracted a large audience with nearly 700,000 hits . In recognition of its success , CNN won the "  Innovative News " category at the UK 's Royal Televison Society  RTS  Awards . The judges recognized that Twitter Buzz had given TV and internet viewers a unique insight into social media activity during the World Cup . "  It is very gratifying to win in the innovation category , which speaks so much to CNN 's commitment to harnessing technology in unique and distinct ways , " said Tony Maddox , CNN International Managing Director . CNN previously won the same award in 2002 when its satellite telephone technology ushered in a new era of in-the-field newsgathering .	Twitter collaboration lands CNN honor at prestigious television awards World Cup Twitter Buzz tracked social media activity during South Africa 2010 The more a topic was tweeted , the bigger its image on an interactive screen CNN won "  Innovative News " category at UK 's Royal Television Society Awards
The West Africa Ebola outbreak is "  a growing threat to regional and global security , " U.S. President Barack Obama said Thursday , telling a high-level meeting on the deadly epidemic at the U.N. General Assembly that only an international response can prevent "  a humanitarian catastrophe across the region . " "  If ever there were a public health emergency deserving of an urgent , strong and coordinated international response , this is it , " the President said . Obama has declared the epidemic -- which is centered in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- a national security priority amid fears it could spread farther afield and claim many more lives . "  This is more than a health crisis , " he said . "  This is a growing threat to regional and global security . In Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone , public health systems are near collapse . Economic growth is slowing dramatically . If this epidemic is not stopped , this disease could cause a humanitarian catastrophe across the region . " The President singled out Sierra Leone , where on Wednesday the government declared a success a three-day nationwide lockdown put in place to help stop the spread of Ebola , saying it had revealed more cases hidden in the community . Under the plan , no one was allowed to leave their homes for three days , from September 19 to 21 , allowing volunteers to go door-to-door to educate people about the deadly virus . "  The courageous men and women fighting on the front lines of this disease have told us what they need : more beds , more supplies and more health workers , as fast as possible , " Obama said . "  Right now , patients are being left to die in the streets . ... One health worker in Sierra Leone compared fighting this outbreak to ` fighting a forest fire with spray bottles . ' " Obama called the outbreak an "  urgent threat to the people of West Africa but also a potential threat to the world . " A rapid global response to the crisis "  could be the difference between tens of thousands of people dying and perhaps a million people dying , " he said . The President also highlighted United States ' efforts to help , including establishing a military command in Liberia to support civilian efforts . But he urged international organizations and businesses to move faster to mobilize partners on the ground , and nations to contribute everything from air transport to health care workers to equipment . "  We are not moving fast enough ; we are not doing enough , " Obama said . "  Right now , everybody has the best of intentions , but people are not putting in the kinds of resources that are necessary to put a stop to this epidemic . " The head of a medical organization at the forefront of fighting the Ebola crisis also appealed to world leaders at the meeting to take immediate action or risk losing the fight to contain the epidemic . "  Generous pledges of aid and unprecedented U.N. resolutions are very welcome . But they will mean little , unless they are translated into immediate action , " Dr. Joanne Liu , international president of Médecins Sans Frontières , or Doctors Without Borders , said , according to an advance transcript of her speech . "  The reality on the ground today is this : The promised surge has not yet delivered . "  The sick are desperate , their families and caregivers are angry , and aid workers are exhausted . Maintaining quality of care is an extreme challenge . " Liu said fear and panic have set in as infection rates double every three weeks in the worst-affected nations , while growing numbers are dying of other diseases like malaria because health care systems have collapsed . "  Without you , we fall further behind the epidemic 's deadly trajectory . Today , Ebola is winning , " she said . Sierra Leone : Lockdown worked In Sierra Leone , more than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted , according to the Health Ministry . The strategy provided authorities with a "  candid assessment of the situation , household by household , " said a statement from President Ernest Bai Koroma 's office . "  The true picture portrays a situation that is worse than what was being reflected in reports and reveals that there are more infected persons in the community , " it said . INTERACTIVE : Life inside the Ebola outbreak Hot spots isolated Three districts have been identified as emerging hot spots , the government said : Port Loko , Bombali and Moyamba . Given the "  desperate need to step up the response , " these will be isolated immediately , it said . "  The prognosis is that without additional interventions or changes in community behavior , the numbers will increase exponentially and the situation will rapidly deteriorate . " The country 's Kenema and Kailahun districts , which have been epicenters for Ebola in Sierra Leone , remain isolated . Can the world stop Ebola ? Deaths rising The total number of probable , confirmed and suspected cases of Ebola was 6,263 , with 2,917 deaths , as of September 21 , the World Health Organization said in its latest update released Wednesday . Sierra Leone accounts for 1,940 of those cases and 597 deaths . However , cases and deaths uncovered during the three-day lockdown have not yet been included in the official figures , the WHO said . The other countries at the center of the outbreak are Guinea and Liberia , with a small number of cases reported in Nigeria and one in Senegal . The number of Ebola cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone could rise to between 550,000 and 1.4 million by January if there are no "  additional interventions or changes in community behavior , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a report Tuesday . The range of estimated cases is wide because experts suspect the current count is highly under-reported . The estimate was derived from a new forecasting tool developed by the CDC . But the CDC estimates that if 70 % of people with Ebola are properly cared for in medical facilities , the epidemic could decrease and eventually end . The virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids , and early symptoms include a sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat .	Obama calls West Africa Ebola outbreak "  a growing threat to regional and global security " Sierra Leone 's three-day lockdown revealed more cases of Ebola , government says "  True picture portrays a situation worse than what was being reflected in reports , " it says 6,263 probable , confirmed and suspected cases in West Africa , with 2,917 deaths , WHO says
CNN  -- At last -- the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations has a home . Equatorial Guinea will host Africa 's top football tournament between January 17 and February 18 after striking a deal to replace Morocco . CAF , the Confederation of African Football , announced the decision on Friday following Morocco 's refusal to host the tournament . Morocco had cited fears over Ebola , the deadly disease sweeping across parts of Africa , as the reason to postpone the event until 2016 . CAF rejected that proposition and expelled Morocco following its refusal to host the competition . It signals a remarkable turnaround in Equatorial Guinea 's fortunes following the team 's suspension from the competition for fielding an ineligible player earlier this year . During qualifying for the 2012 World Cup , Equatorial Guinea forfeited two games for the same offense .	Equatorial Guinea named as hosts of 2015 AFCON Tournament had been scheduled to take place in Morocco Morocco had wanted tournament postponed over Ebola fears Equatorial Guinea qualify as hosts
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles inventor who photographed Michael Jackson 33 years ago hopes those images will now help launch an electric motor he claims could solve the world 's energy problems . Reginald Garcia will use cash from the sale of 130 unpublished Jackson photos to fund testing of the motor , which he claims generates more electricity than it uses . Garcia is in the process of getting the photos appraised and prepared for sale . The photos show a 19-year-old Jackson and his brothers during a video shoot at a Hollywood studio in March 1978 , before he began changing his appearance with surgery . The Afro hair style and 1970s clothing show "  a rare glance " of Jackson in an "  awkward teenage stage , " an image that he personally tried to bury in later years , according to a collector who sold photographs to the singer . "  If it was an image he did n't like , he was more likely to buy them than if they were images he did like , " said Keya Morgan . "  Were he alive now , I would definitely go to him and I 'm sure he would want to buy them . " With Jackson gone , Morgan 's Keya Gallery is buying the image copyrights and helping Reginald Garcia sell the original slides , prints and contact sheets that have been forgotten on his shelf for decades . Garcia pulled the box of photos out of his closet last month when he was looking for ways to finance testing of his "  self-generating " motor , Garcia said in a CNN interview this week . "  He was the greatest guy you could ever talk to , " Garcia said of his day with Jackson . Garcia was a student at California Tech and a freelance photographer when a friend of his sister 's , who worked for CBS Records , asked him to take pictures of the Jacksons at Gower Studios in Hollywood , he said . The color photos show the Jackson 5 dressed in blue tuxedos , singing on a soundstage . The black-and-white images were taken during breaks in the video shoot , Garcia said . "  I sat him in front of a mirror and shot some photos , and I said ` act like you 're reading a letter like you just got from your girl , ' " he said . The result was a photo showing Jackson and his reflection in a dressing room mirror . Garcia said he only recently realized it echoes the singer 's later hit "  Man in the Mirror . " Garcia and business partner David Marohnic brought his photos and the prototype of his invention to CNN 's Los Angeles bureau to demonstrate the engine and talk about their plans . "  What we 're essentially looking for is trying to take the photos that Reggie took of Michael Jackson , his legacy , use those funds to try to take our prototype to the market and ultimately clean up the environment and use less greenhouse gases as a result of a motor that 's very highly efficient , " Mahronic said . The motor buzzed as two voltage meters measured the energy going in and the power flowing out , back to the battery . "  It 's generating more energy recharging the battery than it actually draws from the battery , " Marohnic said . Garcia reconfigured the brushes and rewound the copper in a standard motor "  so it captures the negative electromagnetic field as it collapses , sends energy to a capacitor and recharges the battery , " he said . The sale of the Jackson photographs will allow them "  to certify that the prototype does everything that we say it 's going to do , " Marohnic said . "  It 's written in the stars , " Garcia said . "  We have a destiny of a greener earth , a door opening today that should lead us to this clean earth . "	Reginald Garcia just rediscovered his March 1978 photos of the Jackson 5 The images show Michael Jackson in an "  awkward teenage stage , " a collector says Garcia is selling the photos to raise money for an energy-efficient motor invention His "  self-generating " motor creates more electricity than it uses , Garcia claims
CNN  Imran Khawaja left London to train with a terror group in Syria last year and rose in the ranks , eventually appearing in one of its online promotional videos holding a severed head to the camera , authorities say . Sometime later , the group announced he was dead -- but police say it was only a ruse , uncovered when he was arrested trying to re-enter the United Kingdom . Khawaja , 27 , was sentenced Friday in Woolwich Crown Court to 12 years in prison , having pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism and other terror-related charges , London 's Metropolitan Police said . "  Khawaja chose to become a terrorist , engaged in weapons training in a terrorist training camp and faked his own death in order to conceal his entry back into the UK , " Metropolitan Police counterterrorism Cmdr. Richard Walton said Friday . "  This sentence sends a powerful message to those who plan or prepare acts of terrorism overseas or here in the UK . " Authorities say Khawaja , of west London , traveled to Syria in January 2014 and joined Rayat al Tawheed , a group aligned with ISIS , the brutal terror group that has captured parts of Syria and Iraq for what it says is its Islamic caliphate . Eventually , he took the name Abu Daigham al-Britani and appeared in one of the group 's promotional videos featuring the training camp and encouraging others to join it , police said . In a separate video posted on social media , police say , a man with his face covered is seen with a bag of severed heads . He picks up one of the heads , according to police , and shows it to the camera . Police say a description with the video reads : "  British ISIS fighter Abu Daigham al-Britani with Government soldier 's head Syria . " In May , the group sent a message on social media claiming that Abu Daigham al-Britani had been killed -- news reported at the time by the British media . Khawaja , however , was arrested on June 3 after entering the United Kingdom at the port city of Dover , Metropolitan Police said . "  The images and video of Khawaja in Syria are horrific and deeply disturbing . He was a senior figure in Rayat al Tawheed , a group aligned to the Islamic State terrorist group that celebrated its terrorist acts through social media back to the UK , " Walton said . Arrested with Khawaja was his cousin Tahir Bhatti , 45 , on suspicion of assisting an offender . Police said they searched addresses linked to both men , and found messages and photographs that showed Khawaja had engaged in terrorist training in Syria , including how to handle weapons . Khawaja pleaded guilty in December to preparation of acts of terrorism , attending a terrorist training camp , weapons training and possession of an article for terrorist purposes . Bhatti pleaded guilty last month to assisting an offender and was sentenced Friday to 21 months in prison , Metropolitan Police said . A second man accused of helping Khawaja , Asim Ali , 33 , of west London , was arrested in August . He was accused of , among other things , giving Khawaja money before Khawaja left for Syria . Ali pleaded guilty in December to entering a funding arrangement for the purposes of terrorism . He was sentenced Friday to 21 months in prison , Metropolitan Police said .	Police say Imran Khawaja , of west London , trained with a terror group in Syria last year He was in a promotional video showing him holding a severed head , police say The terror group said he 'd died , but he really was trying to return to the UK , where he was arrested , police say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson "  had a real monkey on his back " with a longtime drug addiction his family kept secret from the world , and it led to his overdose death , a lawyer for AEG Live said . The concert promoter 's defense against the Jackson family 's wrongful death lawsuit begins Tuesday and will include testimony from "  all of the many , many doctors " who treated Jackson over the past decades , AEG Live attorney Marvin Putnam said . It will also include a parade of Jackson family members , including a return appearance by matriarch Katherine Jackson , who just concluded two days of testimony as her lawyers presented their case . "  They kept his private world private as best they could and now they would like to blame somebody else for things that only they knew privately , " Putnam said . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live , which was producing and promoting his comeback concerts , is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray . Jackson 's mom faces cross examination in death trial Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , which the coroner ruled was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . The doctor told investigators he was using the drug to treat Jackson 's insomnia as he prepared for his "  This Is It " debut in London . Jackson , not AEG Live , chose and controlled Murray , Putnam argued . He said in his opening statements at the start of the trial 12 weeks ago he would show jurors "  ugly stuff " about Jackson to prove that AEG Live executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments the doctor was giving in the privacy of Jackson 's bedroom . The appearance of Katherine Jackson , Michael Jackson 's 83-year-old mother , as a concluding witness in her case gave Putnam a chance to probe what family members knew about Jackson 's drug abuse history . "  There are a lot of enormous inconsistencies in what is being said and what the truth is , " Putnam told reporters Monday after he finished his cross-examination of Katherine Jackson . She "  reported to the world and to the press that he never had a problem with prescription drugs , " that he never entered drug rehab and that the family never attempted an intervention to stop his drug use , he said . "  As we now know , Michael Jackson had a longtime problem with prescription drugs , so what had been told to the world during his lifetime was n't true . " The Jackson family 's lawyer , Brian Panish , said AEG Live executives were "  in the best position to help Michael Jackson " when they saw his health deteriorating in the last two months of his life . Show director Kenny Ortega sent a series of e-mails to top AEG Live executives warning them that Jackson showed "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " at a rehearsal . "  I think the very best thing we can do is get a top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP , " Ortega wrote . "  It 's like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not waiting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state . " Production manager John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl sent an e-mail to producers saying he "  watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now . " "  They knew he was having a problem , " Panish said . "  He needed them for this concert . They could have easily told him , ` Look , until you go see the appropriate doctor and come back , we 're not going on with the rehearsal . ' They 're the only ones that really had the ability to do something about it and they chose not to . " Ortega testified this month that he thought AEG Live should have halted production on the show until Jackson was well . Mother : ' I want to know what really happened ' Despite the e-mail evidence and testimony , Putnam insisted Monday that AEG Live executives knew nothing about Jackson 's failing health . "  They had little interaction with Michael Jackson in terms of the production and promotion of that , " Putnam said , adding that the executives "  certainly " did not know "  that he was having any problems . " But Panish said the executives should have known : "  He was deteriorating in front of their own eyes . " "  They watched him waste away , " Katherine Jackson testified . Jackson testified in her first day on the stand Friday that she filed the lawsuit "  because I want to know what really happened to my son . " During cross-examination , the AEG Live lawyer played a clip from an interview she gave to NBC a year after her son 's death in which she said Michael Jackson had hired the doctor . In response , her lawyer argued she made the statement before seeing AEG e-mails indicating that the company hired him . Putnam questioned her about a statement she and several of her children signed in 2007 accusing People Magazine of publishing "  untrue and inaccurate information " about Michael Jackson 's drug use . "  We categorically deny ever planning , participating in , or having knowledge of any kind of intervention , whatsoever , " the statement read . Katherine Jackson acknowledged , however , that she participated in an attempted intervention with her son at his Neverland Ranch in 2002 . "  I wanted them to stop lying , " she testified , referring to the magazine . "  I was worried about all the lies they were telling about the family . " "  Was it a lie to say your son had a problem with prescription drugs ? " Putnam asked . "  He did not have a problem , " she insisted . Putnam later asked Jackson 's mother if she liked to "  shut your ears to bad things . " "  I do n't like to hear bad news , " she said . Jackson appeared combative at times when Putnam cross-examined her , punching back at his questions . "  What does this have to do with my son dying ? " she replied at one point . "  I think she was badgered , but that was n't the first time , " Panish told reporters later . "  In her deposition , she was asked questions like , "  Does your husband ever beat you ? ' " Doctor : Promoter knew about Jackson 's drug dependency For the pretrial deposition , she was questioned for about 12 hours over three days . Putnam denied he was being overly aggressive in his questioning of her . "  I just wanted to know the facts from her and there was no reason to be aggressive with her , " he said . "  She was combative , but you ca n't blame Mrs. Jackson for that . None of us want to find ourselves in a situation where we 're having to confront the very public death of our child . " Putnam refused to discuss why he asked Katherine Jackson in the deposition if her husband , Joe Jackson , ever beat her . "  What occurred in those depositions was confidential at Mrs. Jackson 's request , therefore I am not at liberty to go into to the private matters that we went into in that deposition , " Putnam told CNN . However , Katherine Jackson and her lawyer both brought up the question in court Monday . "  I am not going to go into what we went into about the very tragic history Michael Jackson had with his parents and father over the period of his life , " Putnam said . "  That is something we did not go into on the stand because it is not relevant . I 'm not bringing that up . " AEG Live executive John Meglen is on the witness stand Tuesday as the company 's defense presentation begins . Testimony is expected to last into September , the judge told the jury .	AEG Live will question "  all of the many , many doctors " who treated Jackson , lawyer says AEG lawyer : The Jacksons want "  to blame somebody else for things that only they knew " The lawyer "  badgered " Michael Jackson 's mom during cross-examination , her attorney says AEG 's lawyer wo n't comment on questioning Katherine Jackson about beatings by husband
CNN  -- Few African films have created as much buzz recently as "  Of Good Report , " a dark tale of a high school teacher who becomes obsessed with a 16-year-old female pupil . The film noir , described by its South African director Jahmil X.T. Qubeka as a "  serial killer origins story about how a social misfit turns into an inadequate man hell-bent on satisfying his shameful lust , " was selected to open the 34th Durban International Film Festival on July 18 . But when the day arrived , instead of the movie 's opening credits , the festival audience was welcomed with the following on-screen message : "  This film has been refused classification by the Film and Publication Board , in terms of the Film and Publications Act 1996 . Unfortunately we may not legally screen the film ` Of Good Report ' as to do so would constitute a criminal offense . " The Film Board 's decision was based on a scene between the teacher and pupil that it said constituted child pornography . After the announcement , Qubeka appeared on stage with his mouth taped as a sign of protest . But later on , the ban was overturned on appeal and "  Of Good Report " was screened on the last day of the festival , classified as suitable for viewers aged 16 or over . Read this : 10 must-see African movies Qubeka was also awarded a new annual prize for Artistic Bravery as an acknowledgment of "  the film 's achievements in stimulating worldwide debate and highlighting important issues in South African society . " CNN 's Errol Barnett spoke to Qubeka about the controversy surrounding the film and the state of cinema in South Africa . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : As frustrating as it was , the initial ban on the film did create buzz . How big of a relief was the overturn of the ban ? Qubeka : Any filmmaker wants their film to be seen , any filmmaker wants their film to resonate . In that regard , I 'm happy for the exposure -- and because I believe in the film and because I actually think it 's the best thing I 've done in 12 years I 've been a filmmaker and I 've taken the time to craft it . I 'm happy that the attention is there because the piece will stand for itself . It may not raise the questions that people expected to , but as a piece of cinema I think it 's relatively satisfying . CNN : How important is the Durban International Film Festival as a platform of expression in South Africa ? Qubeka : This is a film festival , one with a history of protest , of showing taboo work . Even during the apartheid period when films were banned , this festival found a way to show those films . The majority of people that go to see these films are filmmakers from all over the world . So this is the space where they would have had the opportunity to engage the film community . Read this : Hollywood classics get African remake It 's a privilege to do what I do ; it 's a privilege to be able to have the tools to create worlds that people can engage both psychologically , emotionally and subconsciously . There 's a responsibility behind that . I worked in advertising as a director of commercials for eight years , I understand what the power of image and sound does to a human being . Because of that , there 's a responsibility I have -- however crazy or questioning or whatever my stories are , I have a responsibility for every single person who watches my film that even if I shake their very core , I must not violate them . That 's my own rule . CNN : The film though is not necessarily about this taboo relationship , it 's about a serial killer . Qubeka : Yes , I made it as a serial killer origins story . It 's about someone who tastes blood and gets away with it and now is on a particular kind of mission . And it 's about how he got to that space , that 's how I had put the film together . Also , it focuses and addresses a serious issue in my country , which is child pregnancy . It focuses on an issue where if you go around the provinces and you look at stats , so many teenagers are involved in illicit relationships with older men . So it touches on those social issues and I hope it opens up debate . That was the main intention . And it 's also to scare the bejesus out of these kids . I hope when they watch my film they 're like , ` I 'm not going anywhere near some old man who 's offering me a cell phone and some pocket money . ' And I want to scare the parents . I want to say , ' I know you have busy lives , and have to earn an income , but just take the time and really screen the people you hand your kids over to . ' These people , these custodians of society , the teacher , whether it 's the priest down the road , whoever . The people that come of good report . Screen them a little bit . You do n't know who they are . They could be the big bad wolf . That 's what it 's about . CNN : You are a new parent , so the idea of protecting children is something that is close to home for you . Qubeka : Completely ; it resonates with me because it says that no matter what I 'm doing , I need to understand the people I hand my kids over to . That 's where the responsibility lies . CNN : What one word would you use to describe African film today ? Qubeka : Hybrid ; I gravitate toward it because to me it says it 's in motion , it 's alive , it 's still trying to define itself and that to me is exciting .	New South African movie Of Good Report " was originally banned Director Jahmil X.T. Qubeka talks to CNN about the movie and the ban The film had been selected to open the Durban International Film Festival Ban was overturned on appeal and Qubeka was given Artistic Bravery award
CNN  -- Johan Eliasch has served as Chairman of the Management Board of Head N.V. and Group Chief Executive Officer since September 1995 . Johan Eliasch , chairman and CEO of Head N.V. . He is the UK Prime Minister 's Special Representative on Deforestation and Clean Energy . He is also a board member of the Centre for Social Justice , a member of the Advisory Boards of Brasilinvest , Societe du Louvre and the British Olympic Association , Chairman of Starr Underwriting Agents , President of the Global Strategy Forum and a Patron of Stockholm University . Along with Labour politician Frank Field , Eliasch co-founded the Cool Earth foundation , which seeks to buy areas of Amazon rainforest to save them from logging , and so reduce the world 's carbon emissions . Outside of work he is a keen sports enthusiast , taking part in world-class skiing events at super giant and giant slalom levels . E-mail to a friend	Johan Eliasch is the chairman of the sports equipment company Head He is the UK PM 's Special Representative on Deforestation and Clean Energy Eliasch co-founded "  Cool Earth , " which saves areas of Amazon rainforest
The creator of StealthGenie , a mobile app marketed as a tool for spying on cheating spouses and keeping tabs on children , has been arrested , according to federal authorities . The FBI said the case marks the first time anyone has faced criminal charges for marketing and selling such an app . StealthGenie could monitor calls , texts , videos and other communications on mobile phones without detection . It 's among a handful of mobile applications called "  stalker apps . " "  Selling spyware is not just reprehensible , it 's a crime , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell . "  Apps like StealthGenie are expressly designed for use by stalkers and domestic abusers who want to know every detail of a victim 's personal life -- all without the victim 's knowledge . " The app 's website appeared to have been taken down Tuesday morning . Stalker : A creepy look at you online Hammad Akbar , 31 , of Lahore , Pakistan , was arrested Saturday in Los Angeles and appeared in court Monday . He faces charges of conspiracy , sale of a surreptitious interception device , advertisement of a known interception device and advertising a device as a surreptitious interception device . Authorities indicted him in Virginia , where a data center that hosted StealthGenie is located , an FBI statement said . According to the indictment , users of the app had to access a person 's phone for just a few minutes to install the app . "  As technology continues to evolve , the FBI will investigate and bring to justice those who use illegal means to monitor and track individuals without their knowledge , " said Andrew McCabe , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Washington Field Office , in the statement .	A Pakistani man , Hammad Akbar , is arrested in case of spying app StealthGenie was marketed as tool for monitoring spouses and children FBI : It 's first time anyone has faced criminal charges for marketing , selling such an app
Washington  CNN  -- Two more Secret Service members have resigned over a Colombia prostitution scandal , the agency said Tuesday , while another member is being forced out and two more were cleared of serious misconduct . The latest resignations brought to nine the total number of members who have resigned or are being forced out because of the controversy , with three others cleared of the most serious allegations but still facing possible administrative discipline . A total of 24 people -- 12 Secret Service members and 12 U.S. military members -- were under investigation in the alleged prostitution scandal . Military officials are carrying out a separate investigation of their personnel . Meanwhile , the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee said Tuesday that he wants an outside investigation to determine whether any White House staff members engaged in inappropriate behavior in Colombia . "  I 'm not going to be satisfied until we get some independent look at this , " Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa told CNN . Grassley said he wants the inspector general at the Department of Homeland Security to investigate the White House staff members ' possible involvement in the controversy that has embarrassed the Secret Service and raised questions about a possible security breach before President Barack Obama 's trip to Cartagena , Colombia , for the Summit of the Americans this month . Acknowledging that the inquiry would be outside the inspector general 's jurisdiction and require Obama 's invitation , Grassley said the president should do it to keep his promise to maintain unprecedented openness and transparency in his administration . On Monday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler conducted an internal review over the weekend and found no wrongdoing by members of the Obama advance team in Colombia ahead of the president 's trip . Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , scoffed at the idea of an outside inquiry Tuesday , saying Grassley 's request was political . "  I 'm a little frustrated when anybody tries to make politics out of this , " Leahy said , repeating the words "  politics " and "  political " multiple times . "  The fact of the matter is , they 're being totally transparent on this , " Leahy said of the White House . Based on what he has been told in private briefings , Leahy said , he saw no evidence that Obama staffers who traveled to Colombia ahead of the president 's arrival behaved inappropriately . "  There are probably some who are disappointed that the White House is not involved , but having more investigations is not going to find somebody who was involved when nobody was involved , " Leahy said . "  Let 's get this out of politics . We 're talking about the president of the United States . It is a matter of security ; do n't play politics . " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday at the first congressional hearing since the scandal erupted . Obama commented on the scandal in an interview Tuesday for broadcast on NBC 's "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon , " saying "  99.9 % " of Secret Service agents do great work and put their lives on the line . "  So a couple of knuckleheads should n't detract from what they do , but what these guys were thinking , I do n't know , " Obama said . "  That 's why they 're not there anymore . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Tuesday that he has "  no tolerance " for the kind of behavior alleged in Cartagena , noting that Marines involved in an altercation with prostitutes in Brazil last year were demoted and punished . Panetta was asked about the December incident at a news conference in Brazil , according to a TV pool report . Three Marines and a State Department employee were involved in an altercation over payment with dancers and prostitutes from a Brazilian club . One woman allegedly started a fight inside a Marine 's vehicle and was injured when she was kicked out of the vehicle and tried to get back in . A spokesman for the Joint Chiefs of Staff said Tuesday that officials including Vice Admiral William Gortney , the director of the Joint Staff , will brief senators on the Armed Services Committee on Thursday about the military investigation of the scandal . Grassley , meanwhile , is demanding that the White House counsel make public details of her internal inquiry in addition to an independent investigation of White House staffers . On Monday night , Grassley sent a letter to Ruemmler , asking about how the inquiry was conducted and how the conclusion was reached . Asked about Grassley 's letter Tuesday , Carney said he had not seen it . In his letter , Grassley noted that he had asked Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan whether any White House advance staffers had been involved but had n't received an answer by Monday . Grassley asked for answers to 14 questions , including details of how the White House review was conducted , whether any White House staffers had "  overnight guests " and whether any additional room charges were incurred . Until now , the aftershocks and outrage about the Secret Service scandal were largely bipartisan . Grassley 's demands and Leahy 's reaction were the first major signs of a party-line division on the controversy . Senate Homeland Security Chairman Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , an independent who caucuses with Democrats but often differs with them , said he was satisfied with the White House Counsel 's internal inquiry . "  I think there is so much on the line here that this is one of those cases where , if the White House counsel says nobody from the White House staff was involved in this behavior , then I 'm prepared to accept that , " Lieberman said . " And if we find out that is n't true , then we 're going to find out about it , and it 's going to be a big mistake by the White House , but I have no reason to doubt what they say . " Lieberman said he intends to hold a committee hearing focusing on potential misconduct inside the Secret Service beyond what happened in Colombia . "  It 's going to be what happened before : whether there was other evidence of misconduct by agents of the Secret Service , " Lieberman said . "  Whether therefore there should have been preventative action taken by the administration of the Secret Service and , finally , what are they going to do now to make sure it does n't happen again ? " Since the scandal broke , several whistle-blowers have called his committee with what he called "  credible " reports of other incidents similar to Colombia , Lieberman said . He would not provide additional details . After he spoke , however , Senate Homeland Security Committee spokeswoman Leslie Phillips said Lieberman had misspoke . The committee has received a call from just one person who claimed to have information on possible misconduct , but committee staff have yet to talk to that person to determine whether that information is relevant , she said . House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa said Tuesday that his committee has heard allegations of similar misconduct by Secret Service agents dating back years . Like Lieberman , he offered no specifics . On Monday , officials said a member of the U.S. military assigned to the White House Communications Agency was under investigation in connection with alleged misconduct in Colombia , bringing to 12 the total number of military personnel being reviewed . One Defense Department official said the military member admitted to his leadership that he was involved in misconduct "  of some kind " while in Colombia . The agency is a non-White House office that provides the president with secure communications while he travels . It is staffed by members of the military who report through the Defense Information Systems Agency . While the 11 other military members are being investigated by the U.S. Southern Command , it was unclear who would investigate the White House Communications Agency staffer , who has been relieved of his duty with the agency and reassigned to the Military District of Washington , Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby said . According to sources , the alleged prostitutes -- the youngest of whom were in their early 20s -- signed in at Hotel Caribe in Cartagena , where Secret Service members apparently stayed , flashing their local ID cards . One of these women allegedly was later involved in a dispute about how much she was to be paid for the night , which brought the entire incident to light and sparked controversy in the United States and Colombia . That woman has been identified as Dania Suarez , whose neighbors described her as a 24-year-old single mother who studies English . Suarez has n't been seen in the neighborhood since the controversy erupted , though a visitor took suitcases from the house recently , they said . While soliciting prostitution is in most cases legal for adults in Colombia , military law bars service members from patronizing prostitutes , engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer or , for enlisted personnel , conduct "  prejudicial to good order and discipline . " It is also considered a breach of the Secret Service 's conduct code , government sources said . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Nine Secret Service agents are out or leaving over the prostitution scandal Military officials will brief senators this week on the controversy Republican Sen. Grassley calls for further investigation of White House staff President Obama refers to Secret Service agents involved as "  knuckleheads "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- More than $ 20 million from dozens of clients is unaccounted for in the aftermath of what police say was a murder-suicide by the attorney who invested the money , according to a source with direct knowledge of deceased lawyer William Parente 's financial dealings . Police say Stephanie Parente 's father killed his family and himself in a Baltimore hotel Monday . Some investors fear their entire life savings have been wiped out , said the source , who based the $ 20 million amount on knowledge of Parente 's finances . Some other investors are missing what could amount to another $ 7 million , CNN has learned , so the total of missing money tied to Parente could be upwards of $ 27 million . Baltimore County , Maryland , police say Parente , 59 , killed his family before committing suicide . The bodies of Parente , his wife and their two daughters were found in a hotel room in Towson , Maryland , on Monday . The source , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitive financial information involved , said one investor had been involved with Parente for more than 15 years , receiving regular monthly payments from Parente until April 16 , four days before the bodies were found . The source said Parente solicited personal loans from clients at high interest , promising to use the money for bridge financing of real estate projects such as shopping centers . The source did not know whether Parente , of Garden City , New York , had actually used the money for any legitimate investments . The source , who knew Parente for more than 15 years , described him as "  serious , somber and conservative . " Parente told investors he was generating returns of more than 13 percent even in down markets , according to the source . Investors were not given investment statements and were not charged a management fee , but Parente did provide notices informing investors that he owed them money , according to the source . In other developments Friday , police said Parente bought a set of knives from a Crate and Barrel store in Towson , and one of the knives is believed to be the one Parente later used to take his own life . Baltimore County police said that knife is being tested as evidence in the murder/suicide case . Investigators say they found a receipt for the knife in the hotel room where the deaths took place , and the time stamped on the receipt was 5:25 p.m. Sunday . Police have said Parente 's wife , Betty , 58 , and daughters Catherine , 11 , and Stephanie , 19 , were killed by asphyxiation and blunt force trauma Sunday afternoon . Authorities said Parente took a call about midnight Sunday from his elder daughter 's college roommate asking whether she was returning to her dormitory . Police believe Parente 's daughter was already dead . He told the roommate his daughter was spending the night at the hotel with the family . Also Friday , other details emerged about some of Parente 's other clients . One of Parente 's investors was Queens lawyer Bruce Montague , and Montague 's office has heard from 10 Parente clients whose investments are unaccounted for . Together , those clients had invested about $ 7 million . Through a law partner , Craig Gardy , Montague said he is missing $ 450,000 . The clients are from New York , New Jersey , California and Florida , according to Montague 's office . The office has referred those clients to the FBI . Gardy said Montague , who considered Parente to be a personal friend , remains too devastated about the deaths to provide details himself , but he authorized his partners to speak on his behalf . The scenario as given by his partners was that after the Bernard Madoff scandal broke last fall , Montague got "  cold feet " and repeatedly asked Parente for his investment money back . On April 16 , Montague tried to deposit a check from Parente for $ 245,000 . On Tuesday , April 21 , when Montague 's bank notified him the check did not clear , he called Chase bank , where Parente 's funds were held . Montague was told Parente 's account was empty , according to Gardy , and it would be useless to deposit other checks received from Parente . Then Montague called the New York attorney general 's office . He called the attorney general 's office again after he learned about Parente 's murder/suicide . Gardy said Montague believed he was investing in real estate notes -- short-term , high-interest loans made to developers , for example , who wanted to circumvent conventional bank loans . Montague did not receive monthly or quarterly statements . Gardy said Montague believed he was making money on interest from those loans and would sometimes get a check when the note was paid off . The FBI is continuing its investigation . Spokesman James Margolin said a number of banks are being contacted . He would not identify them . Funerals for Parente 's wife and daughters are scheduled for Tuesday at St. Joseph 's Catholic Church in Garden City , New York . The funeral home handling arrangements said a separate , private service will be held for William Parente .	Police say William Parente killed wife , 2 daughters and himself Parente may have taken more than $ 27 million from dozens of clients Clients got no investment statements and were not charged a management fee A client nervous after Madoff case found there was no money in Parente 's account
CNN  -- On Tuesday , our nation will celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address . President Abraham Lincoln spoke for only two minutes . He started off by reminding his audience that it had been only 87 years since the country 's founding , and then went on to embolden the Union cause with some of the most stirring words ever spoken . He hoped that despite the terrible battle that had taken place at Gettysburg , his country might still have , as he put it , "  a new birth of freedom . " Within his famous address , he stated , "  The world will little note , nor long remember what we say here , but it can never forget what they did here . " Yet a century and a half later , we still honor those sacred words he spoke on the battlefield in Pennsylvania as some of the most important words ever spoken . It is my hope that Americans across our great nation will take this occasion to look deeper into the history and legacy of the Gettysburg Address and the great sacrifices for freedom Lincoln honored in the midst of the Civil War . A great way to start is by simply picking up the brief speech and reading it aloud . Read it to your children , your parents and your friends . As you read this timeless piece of oratory , engage in a discussion with those around you on what these words mean to us today . Let us ask ourselves how it is these words have endured the test of time , especially in current times . We suffer today from what the late historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr. said was "  too much pluribus and not enough unum . " Few things survive in these cynical days to remind us of the union from which so many of our personal , as well as collective , blessings flow . Indeed , we have to look no further than the story of a tiny school in Putney , Vermont , the Greenwood School , to understand why this speech above so many others survives . Each year at the school students are challenged to memorize and then publicly recite the Gettysburg Address . These students , boys 11 to 17 , all face a range of complex learning differences that make their personal , academic and social progress challenging . I was inspired by these students and that President Lincoln 's historic words motivated them , so much that I am launching today an initiative to encourage as many people across the nation , especially students , to read aloud and learn about the Gettysburg Address . All five living U.S. presidents , as well as newsmakers and notable Americans from across the country , have already submitted videos of themselves reciting the address to learntheaddress.org . In the tradition of our great democracy , anyone who wishes to participate can join us in doing the same . As we consider Lincoln 's words , we come to a greater appreciation of the significance of that day , just four and a half months after the Battle of Gettysburg , when the president of the United States of America journeyed to the now-quiet battlefield to dedicate a cemetery to those who fell in the greatest battle ever fought on American soil , in a war that had torn our fragile Republic in two . It is my hope , and that of so many people who have helped with the "  Learn the Address " initiative , that we embrace the 150th anniversary and take this opportunity to more fully understand our democracy and our freedom . That we all discover the Gettysburg Address beyond "  four score and seven years ago . " In doing so , we hope to appreciate more fully "  that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that the government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . " + + + THE GETTYSBURG ADDRESS : Four score and seven years ago , our fathers brought forth on this continent , a new nation , conceived in Liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal . Now we are engaged in a great Civil War , testing whether that nation , or any nation so conceived and so dedicated , can long endure . We are met on a great battlefield of that war . We have come to dedicate a portion of that field , as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live . It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this . But , in a larger sense , we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground . The brave men , living and dead , who struggled here , have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract . The world will little note , nor long remember what we say here , but it can never forget what they did here . It is for us the living , rather , to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced . It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Burns .	Tuesday we mark the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address Ken Burns : The words spoken at a Civil War cemetery are some of the most important ever Burns is launching "  Learn the Address , " a way to more fully understand democracy Burns says today , we should ask ourselves what has made these words endure
CNN  -- All eyes shifted toward the beginning of the runway when a dark-haired model strutted out in a star-spangled red bikini to a fusillade of flashbulbs at Tommy Hilfiger 's New York Fashion Week show on Monday . She fit right in at nearly 5 ' 11 " tall with a svelte frame . But despite adhering to the anonymous runway model aesthetic , Kendall Jenner tends to stand out . She 's on a first-name basis with millions . Just look at her stats : On Facebook , she has almost 7 million followers ; on Twitter , 8.75 million ; and on Instagram , a whopping 13.3 million . The teen , who appears alongside her paparazzi-favorite family in "  Keeping Up with Kardashians , " is trying to find her own footing in the high-fashion world without her polarizing siblings and parents . "  You just do n't know how  casting directors  are going to react to it . It could be like ` Oh , just another reality TV star coming in , trying to be something , ' " Jenner said . "  This is what I want to do . ... This is my career . This is what I wanted to be . " During this New York Fashion Week , which ends Thursday , Jenner has made enviable strides by modeling for Donna Karan , Tommy Hilfiger and Diane von Furstenberg . In von Furstenberg 's show , she walked behind legendary supermodel Naomi Campbell and Victoria 's Secret Angel Candice Swanepoel , both of whom Jenner says she looks up to . The 18-year-old is on the cover of the September issue of Teen Vogue and appears in the fashion-heavy September issue of its high-end counterpart , Vogue . This year , she walked for high-fashion brands overseas like Chanel , Giles and Givenchy . "  When I started , I had no idea how this was going to turn out , " she said . "  It 's still so surreal that I 've walked in shows like Givenchy and Chanel . It 's ridiculous . " Like anything Kardashian-related , Jenner 's presence in this world has not come without controversy : Where models are dodging street style photographers , she 's dodging paparazzi and hit pieces in the media about the distraction her presence brings . Compared with some of her high-fashion counterparts who can walk upwards of 20 runways during the weeklong event before heading to London , Paris and Milan , Jenner is still a fledgling in her second season , with three shows thus far . Despite it all , her name does garner press . See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage Before Fashion Week started , she decided to omit her last name from her casting card , which is sent out to runway suitors from her agency , The Society Management . "  I just felt like I did n't want a last name to help me in any way , " Jenner said , making it clear that the decision is not a slight to her family . "  Whenever I went into a casting , I did n't need any special treatment . " But , to play the devil-in-Prada 's advocate , she also credits growing up in front of a lens with helping her improve her modeling skills . Her mother , Kris Jenner , is a business manager and executive producer for her family 's show , and her father is Olympic decathlete Bruce Jenner . "  Whether it was a big TV camera or a little picture camera , I feel like I 've always been in front of a camera , " Jenner said . Modeling is an easy transition , she says , and something she 's wanted to do since she was a young girl . In her Fashion Week debut in February , she made a splash with a chest-baring look for Marc Jacobs , which Jenner describes as a " ` hello world ' kind of moment . " It 's a far cry from the shy child she used to be . "  When I was a kid , I could n't have a slumber party for one night without crying myself to sleep and telling my dad to pick me up at 10 o'clock at night , " Jenner said . Given her exposure , it 's easy to forget she 's a California girl , straight out of high school . "  I was so terrified to get in a cab the first time I was here , " Jenner admitted . As for what 's coming up for the ingenue , Jenner shares two words familiar to any TV watcher : "  Stay tuned . "	Kendall Jenner has been dubbed a model to watch in the fashion world She first gained attention via her family 's reality show "  Keeping Up with Kardashians " "  I feel like I 've always been in front of a camera , " she says Jenner has walked for designers like Chanel , Marc Jacobs and Givenchy
CNN  -- She is small but only in physical stature . Aung San Suu Kyi is the very embodiment of Myanmar 's long struggle for democracy . The 65-year-old human rights activist has defied Myanmar 's authoritarian military junta with her quiet demeanor and grace . For that she has endured house arrest for much of the past two decades and , perhaps , has become the world 's most recognizable political prisoner . She has lived quietly by herself at her disintegrating Inya Lake villa in Yangon  the former capital , also known as Rangoon  , accompanied solely by two maids . Before her release Saturday , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate had little outside human contact except for visits from her doctor . Sometimes , though , she was able to speak over the wall of her compound to her supporters , never once tiring of her crusade to break down the tyranny of dictatorship in her beloved homeland of Burma , the alternate name for Myanmar . Known as the "  lady " in Myanmar , Suu Kyi has been compared to former South African President Nelson Mandela , who spent a chunk of his life in jail for fighting apartheid . In an interview with CNN several years earlier , Suu Kyi , in fact , likened Myanmar 's plight to South Africa 's former brutal race-based system . "  It 's a form of apartheid , " she said . "  In Africa , it was apartheid based on color . Here , it is apartheid based on ideas . It is as though those who want democracy are somehow of an alien inferior breed and this is not so . " The daughter of Gen. Aung San , a hero of Burmese independence , Suu Kyi spent much of her early life abroad , going to school in India and at Oxford University in England . She never sought political office . Rather , leadership was bestowed upon her when she returned home in 1988 after her mother suffered a stroke . During her visit , a student uprising erupted and spotlighted her as a symbol of freedom . When Suu Kyi 's mother died the next year , Suu Kyi vowed that just as her parents had served the people of Burma , so , too , would she . In her first public speech , she stood before a crowd of several hundred thousand people with her husband , Michael Aris , and her two sons and called for a democratic government . "  The present crisis is the concern of the entire nation , " she said . "  I could not , as my father 's daughter , remain indifferent to all that was going on . This national crisis could , in fact , be called the second struggle for independence . " She won over the Burmese people . One of them was Nyo Ohn Myint , who participated in the 1988 protests as a college professor and now serves as one of the leaders in Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy . "  She is more than her father 's daughter , " he told CNN on Saturday . "  She has proven that she can bring together the Burmese people . " In 1989 , the military regime threw her in jail . But even with Suu Kyi sitting behind bars , her party won the elections the following year by a landslide , gaining 82 percent of the seats in parliament . The regime ignored the results of the vote and Senior Gen. Than Shwe continued to impose numerous terms of house arrest on her . Suu Kyi , meanwhile , became the recipient of several human rights prizes and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 . Over the years , Suu Kyi has repeatedly challenged the junta and discouraged foreign investment in Myanmar . In one incident in 1998 , soldiers prevented her from leaving Yangon . But Suu Kyi refused to turn back and was detained in her minivan for almost two weeks . The ordeal left her severely dehydrated , but was typical of her almost stubborn determination . "  She is the symbol of the hope for the people of Burma . If she is out today , the whole country will rise up , will follow her , " said Khin Omar of the Network for Democracy and Development . Myint described her as energetic but humble . And a good listener . "  That 's a skill I barely see in other people , " Myint said . She has remained a devoted Buddhist who from the beginning admired the principles on non-violence and civil disobedience espoused by India 's Mahatma Gandhi , Myint said . Over the years , Suu Kyi has made clear her devotion to bringing democracy to Myanmar . She has spoken of her separation from her loved ones as the sacrifice she chose to make for the freedom of her country . She has not seen her sons since 2000 . The year before , her dying husband petitioned the Myanmar authorities to allow him to visit his wife . He had last seen her in 1995 , but his request was rejected . Instead , the junta encouraged Suu Kyi to join her family abroad . But she said she knew that if she left , she would never be allowed to return . Aris died of prostate cancer in March 1999 . Even before they were married , Suu Kyi had penned a letter to Aris professing her love of country . "  I only ask one thing , " she wrote , "  that should my people need me , you would help me to do my duty by them . " Myint recalled calling her to express his condolences after Aris died in 1999 . Suu Kyi was calm on the phone for the four-minute conversation but Myint could tell her heart was breaking . "  Maybe we are good at politics , " Suu Kyi told Myint . "  But we are bad at family matters . " Suu Kyi tried to break the monotony of her life by playing her piano , another passion in her life , according to the independent Irrawaddy magazine . But in time , the piano warped and Suu Kyi turned to painting to fill the void , the magazine reported . One day , maybe , people will see her canvases . Suu Kyi has also asked her lawyers to bring her books in English and French . Last year , Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz was allowed to present her with his book "  Globalization and Its Discontent . " In 2007 , people defiantly took to the streets to protest rising fuel costs . The demonstrations were seen as a direct challenge to the authority of the government . The regime answered with a brutal crackdown . Suu Kyi 's detention was extended again and again . She appeared gaunt -- and unhappy . Even when Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar in May 2008 , Suu Kyi was not allowed to leave her house , though trees were crashing down all around her . The following year , Myanmar was again propelled into the headlines by a bizarre incident involving an American , John Yettaw , who improvised flippers to swim Inya Lake to Suu Kyi 's compound . He said he had received a message from God to do so . Yettaw was arrested , and Suu Kyi was put on trial , charged with harboring Yettaw , and was punished with another 18 months of house arrest . During the trial , she was able to meet with diplomats . High on her agenda was the election that was held this week . She and her party boycotted the vote , certain that it would be a sham . "  In Burma , the regime can control people but they can not control her , they can not shut her mouth , " said analyst Win Min . "  They can release other political prisoners but they are worried that if they release her she will speak out . " The junta has organized national conventions to debate their version of a new democratic Myanmar . The road map makes no mention of Suu Kyi . Some believe that Suu Kyi 's stubborn defiance has become an obstacle to progress in Myanmar . But her followers remain ardent in their admiration . She has clung to her dream of democracy , peace and freedom for Myanmar 's 50 million impoverished people , they say . Those simple ideals have greatly complicated one woman 's life . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Aung San Suu Kyi is released Saturday She has been under house arrest for much of the past two decades She has defiantly challenged the authority of the military junta She likens Myanmar 's plight to South African apartheid
CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration fired 28 of its employees -- in addition to three who resigned or retired -- following a probe that revealed bags were allowed onto planes at Hawaii 's Honolulu International Airport without being properly screened , the agency said Sunday . Another 15 people were suspended , the TSA reported in a statement . The moves come after the agency "  completed the adjudication process " it had announced in June , months after the allegations first surfaced . All those terminated or suspended "  have the right to appeal the decision , " according to the TSA . The firing is believed to be one of , if not the biggest , such action in the agency 's history , with officials previously stating that it underscores they will not tolerate employees who compromise security . In March , Honolulu 's KITV 4 News reported that TSA officers assigned to a morning shift regularly allowed checked bags to be loaded onto flights on nine daily departures without being screened for explosives . Sources told the TV station that such lapses occurred for as long as four months and involved thousands of checked bags . CNN confirmed the investigation . TSA officers are required to screen 100 % of all checked bags before they are stored in the cargo holds of passenger aircraft . In June , agency officials said they did not know exactly how many bags were allowed onto flights without being inspected but said the lapse took place during the last four months of 2010 . The TSA said after it became aware of the problem , it took steps to ensure that every bag is properly screened at the airport . A TSA official said in June that in addition to rank-and-file screeners and some supervisors , the airport 's federal security director and assistant federal security director for screening had also received letters proposing that they lose their jobs . "  TSA holds its workforce to the highest ethical standards , and we will not tolerate employees who in any way compromise the security of the traveling public , " TSA Administrator John Pistole said then in a statement . The TSA said it uses closed-circuit TV , random inspections , covert tests and peer and management oversight to check on the integrity of the system .	Besides those fired , three people under investigation resigned or retired , the TSA said Another 15 agency employees were suspended ; all affected can appeal the decision In March , a Hawaii TV station reported that unchecked bags regularly got on planes The TSA said these security lapses took place during the last four months of 2010
CNN  -- As the world says goodbye to Nelson Mandela , the task of ensuring his legacy becomes the world 's responsibility . His life has been described as an evolution from militant freedom fighter , to prisoner , to unifying figure and eventual elder statesman -- in the process winning the hearts and minds of world leaders and average citizens alike . In his 95 years he accomplished what many thought impossible . Held prisoner for 27 years and later becoming South Africa 's first democratically elected president , he practiced reflection , negotiation and incredible stubbornness . His capacity for forgiveness and reconciliation made him one of the most remarkable and respected individuals of modern times . Whether it 's battling racism , offering a helping hand or long-overdue forgiveness , here are several practical suggestions to keep Mandela 's legacy alive . Make the best of your current situation "  It is possible that if I had not gone to jail and been able to read and listen to the stories of many people . ... I might not have learned these things , " Mandela once said in 2000 during an interview with the Christian Science Monitor . He said reading biographies helped him realize problems make some people , while destroying others . His mother and eldest son both died while he was imprisoned . While he had ample reason to remain bitter about his mistreatment , instead he wrote in "  Long Walk to Freedom , " his 1995 autobiography , "  Prison is itself a tremendous education in the need for patience and perseverance . It is , above all , a test of one 's commitment . " Do n't judge a book by its cover "  I have been surprised a great deal sometimes when I see somebody who looks less than ordinary , but when you talk to the person and he  or she  opens his mouth , he is something completely different , " Mandela said in the same interview about how his prison experience taught him to respect even the most ordinary people . Anthony F. Lemieux , an associate professor of communication at Georgia State University in Atlanta said avoiding the temptation to put people in narrowly fixed categories is one of Mandela 's greatest legacies . "  People are complex and dynamic , capable of change and evolving , " Lemieux said . It would have been easy for Mandela to become and remain jaded after what he had experienced , Lemieux added . Even for the people who kept Mandela locked up , the former president said they were n't bad people . "  Mr Mandela was at pains to point out that not every prison warder or apartheid official was bad . This view was underpinned throughout by his assertion that to get along in life one should see the good in all people , " said a Nelson Mandela Centre of Memory statement on a collection of writings about his prison time . Use your passion to persuade others "  If you have an objective in life , then you want to concentrate on that and not engage in infighting with your enemies , " Mandela continued during the interview . "  You want to create an atmosphere where you can move everybody toward the goal you have set for yourself . " Remaining focused on a goal despite adversity requires a deep level of commitment . Ask anyone whose ever overcome great odds to achieve their version of greatness . Lemieux said different situations are going to draw different things out people , but it 's never as simple as distilling the experience down to a "  type of person . " Practically none of us knows how we will react in complex situations and interactions . Change yourself first "  One of the most difficult things is not to change society -- but to change yourself , " Mandela said in 1999 at a tribute to billionaire businessman Douw Steyn , who had made his Johannesburg residence available to Mandela as a retreat after his prison release in 1990 . While Mandela clearly fought for change in the world he lived in , he also changed himself . While imprisoned , he reflected on his "  wild man " behaviors . He also said he neglected to show any gratitude to those who had helped him when he was poor , after he experienced some success as a lawyer . Lemieux points out his change from violence to peace was profound . Throughout the violence and chaos , ultimately , "  It was n't the violent conflict that led to social change . " Do n't be afraid to acknowledge weaknesses "  If you come across as a saint , people can become very discouraged . I was once a young man and I did all the things young men do , " Mandela told the Christian Science Monitor . "  In his twilight , Mandela was at pains to publish and acknowledge his weaknesses and shortcomings in his family life , in his relationships with women and his first wife , Evelyn , " John Battersby wrote for CNN . "  He was keen to dispel any notion of sainthood that might be bestowed on him . To this day , Mandela 's weaknesses , his turbulent youth and his sometimes tempestuous relationships with women can still detract from the iconic status that Mandela achieved in his own lifetime . "  But , the responsible airing of his weaknesses -- including his own acknowledgment -- in fact humanized Mandela and focused on his extraordinary strength of character and commitment in overcoming both his weaknesses and adversity in his own lifetime . It augmented Mandela 's greatness . " Get educated -- educate others "  Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world , " Mandela said during a speech at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg in 2003 . Mandela failed twice to complete his bachelor 's degree and readily admitted he was a poor student . Eventually he earned a law degree . Six weeks after being elected President in 1994 , Mandela called on South Africans to solve the country 's "  profound education crisis , " Bloomberg reported this year . "  The task to make South Africa a learning and learned nation belongs to all of us , " he said in a speech . But the country 's schools are near the bottom in international rankings . Unqualified teachers , inadequate training and corruption are among the problems . Still , officials say almost all South African children now attend school , Bloomeberg reported . Look people in the eye and shake their hands "  Nelson Mandela made such a common gesture something transcendent -- a greeting that crossed all societal barriers , a symbol of reconciliation , even a declaration of victory , " wrote CNN 's Tom Cohen in his piece , "  Nelson Mandela : Man of many handshakes . " Before meeting visiting dignitaries or political adversaries in five-star hotel conference rooms , Mandela made sure to approach the security guards , servers and other workers outside to shake their hands , Cohen wrote . They went wild when Mandela concluded his final statement during a conference by offering his hand to F.W. de Klerk , South Africa 's last apartheid-era president , as an expression of unity , saying that despite their differences , he was willing to work with his adversary . De Klerk had little choice but to grasp it . "  I look at not only how people treat me , but how they treat others , " Lemieux said . "  Sometimes this  how they treat others  is more important . " A simple handshake , Lemieux said , can convey to others that the person making the gesture is demonstrating the belief that , "  this person has value , has a perspective . " Maintain a sense of humor "  You sharpen your ideas by reducing yourself to the level of the people you are with and a sense of humor and a complete relaxation , even when you 're discussing serious things , does help to mobilise friends around you . And I love that , " Mandela said in a 2005 interview , published by the Nelson Mandela Foundation . At election rallies in 1994 , Cohen wrote , Mandela repeatedly elicited trilling howls of ululation from women of all ages when he explained how voters should search their ballots for the picture of the "  very handsome young man " -- referring to himself -- to mark their support for the ANC . CNN 's Robyn Curnow examined Mandela 's the importance of his ability to "  charm and cajole . " "  The cult of Mandela had become so pronounced that celebrities , world leaders and ordinary people often became tongue-tied and gibbering when they met him , " she said . "  Self-mockery was a typically savvy Mandela ploy to ensure that people would relax around him . " Forgive "  It enables me to go to bed with an enriching feeling in my soul and the belief that I am changing myself -LSB- by reconciling with former adversaries -RSB- , " Mandela told the Christian Science Monitor about his experiences with Douw Steyn . Steyn was a white businessman who befriended Mandela and began sharing his resources with the poor . "  For someone who had been imprisoned , it  forgiveness  was a fundamentally transformative experience , " Lemieux said . He explained that people unable to forgive may experience an inability to move forward . Johann Lochner was a Johannesburg police officer from 1986 to 1990 . In an essay submitted to CNN iReport , Lochner describes responding to a shopping mall bombing scene and stepping over body parts . "  We suspected that the deceased may have been affiliated with the Umkhonto we Sizwe , the militant arm of the African National Congress , " Lochner wrote . He describes the police department , as well as the city , as "  greatly divided . " "  Mandela wanted to find a way to unite all the people of South Africa -- something only the power of forgiveness could produce , " he said . "  To this day , I am so passionate about the role forgiveness played in Madiba 's life . I remember so clearly how I had to personally take steps to overcome the ingrained apartheid mentality in South Africa . " "  It 's almost like a miraculous , supernatural transformation had taken place in Mandela 's life , and consequently , in the whole nation . "  Forgiveness freed Madiba , " Lochner said , "  and forgiveness freed his country , " Nelson Mandela from Joel Gautraud on Vimeo . .	Simple changes in everyday behavior can honor Mandela 's legacy Forgiveness , compassion , humor used by many notable world leaders Expert warns against using Mandela examples as solution for all problems
CNN  Kids , being kids , like to climb on things . More often than not , that 's OK . But when the thing in question is a war memorial ? That 's the question burning up online parenting groups and in family rooms after an amateur photographer snapped a picture of two children scampering on top of the Vietnam Women 's Memorial in Washington . The photographer , Matt Munson , described the shot on Facebook as "  two little brats climbing over war memorial right in front of a veteran . " The parents , he said , were laughing . "  It actually drew a crowd of spectators and the parents realized how evil they were being and quickly took off before I could take a picture of them all , " Munson wrote . "  The more I look at this photo the angrier I get . " He has plenty of company there . As the photo went viral , comment after comment poured in on Facebook and Twitter , chastising the parents for allowing the kids to play on the statue , part of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial that depicts three women tending to a wounded soldier . One nurse cradles the wounded fighter while another looks despairingly into an empty helmet . The third looks skyward , to a rescue helicopter or perhaps God , according to the memorial foundation 's website . In Munson 's photo , a visitor to the memorial seems to grimace at the sight as he pushes an older man in a wheelchair . The older man , wearing a Navy ballcap , and a woman also look on . The children 's parents are n't shown . Disgusting . "  Disgusting , " Facebook user Trisha Davidson wrote of the children 's actions . "  So wrong , " Twitter user karsonwithak chimed in . But not everyone was upset . "  I fully take why people can get annoyed and respect that , " Reddit user z3k3 wrote . But the writer said a grandfather who was a veteran of World War II "  loved watching the kids play on the local memorial . " "  He saw it as a way for the next generation to take some joy out of something so terrible and at the same time gave them a link to the past as many would stop to read the names or even get interested enough to read up on the subject a little , " z3k3 wrote . Fair enough , some said . But some memorials are meant to be interactive . Others are n't . And a statue depicting a nurse caring for a gravely wounded man just does n't seem to be the place for play , a Reddit user with the screen name nickfree wrote . "  Unless the memorial is designed to be climbed on -- unless the message of the memorial is clearly ` use me , interact with me , to help carry my message '  e.g. memorial benches  , the default is leave it respectfully alone , " nickfree wrote . On the Mommyish parenting blog , associate editor Maria Guido wrote that "  there 's nothing wrong with children who may not understand how gleefully playing all over a memorial may seem inappropriate to some . " "  If these kids were just doing that -- gleefully playing all over a memorial -- I would n't find anything wrong with the image , actually . But they 're not , " she wrote . "  These parents were disrespectful , " she wrote . "  The kids were being kids and following their directives . " Though the National Parks Service , which operates the memorial , did n't immediately respond to a request for comment , the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund urged visitors to treat veterans memorials -- sites of powerful and often emotional pilgrimages for many who served -- with respect . "  Please remember to be respectful to memorials honoring and remembering our nation 's veterans , " the group wrote on Facebook . "  We hope our visitors understand this moving forward . "	A photo of children playing on Vietnam Women 's Memorial draws anger Many say the kids and their parents were showing disrespect to veterans
CNN  Three games without scoring constituted a slump for Cristiano Ronaldo . But the drought is now over for the three-time world player of the year . Ronaldo netted the opener and assisted on Marcelo 's thunderbolt as Real Madrid moved closer to a place in the quarterfinals of the Champions League by defeating Schalke 2-0 in Germany on Wednesday . The result could n't match Real 's 6-1 thrashing of Schalke in the first leg in the same round last year but the home side still faces an uphill task of eliminating the defending champion . "  It was good , " Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti told Sky Sports . "  I think we started well with a good rhythm in the game and a good attitude and then after the first goal the game was easier . "  We did n't need to push to score and we controlled the game well . At the end the victory was good for us . " Real Madrid -- bidding to become the first club to retain the title in the Champions League era -- won for a 10th straight time in the competition to equal Bayern Munich 's record , although the early stages of the contest favored Schalke . Indeed in the battle of Italian coaches who have lifted the Champions League trophy , Roberto di Matteo and his team bettered Ancelotti 's troops for the first 25 minutes . Schalke neutralized the attacking trio of Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema , with Iker Casillas forced to dive to keep out Klaas-Jan Huntelaar 's long range effort . Real Madrid took the lead in the 26th minute when Ronaldo headed Daniel Carvajal 's cross past an out of position Timon Wellenreuther -- and was never really troubled thereafter . Buoyed by his goal , Ronaldo attempted a bicycle kick moments later and then saw the inexperienced Wellenreuther soar to his right to repel his free kick . A vital interception from the 19-year-old Wellenreuther foiled Bale 's bid to set up Ronaldo . "  It is clear that Cristiano Ronaldo lives to score goals , " Ancelotti was quoted as saying by UEFA . "  It 's never a problem for us when he does n't score for a couple of games . But he , of course , minds . " Not one to sit back and protect a lead , Real Madrid continued to race forward in the second half . A poor touch from Ronaldo near the box prevented a chance but Isco should have done better when Bale 's clever flick sent the Spanish international in all alone in the 72nd minute . Having barely tested Casillas , Schalke caught the Real Madrid defense napping in the 74th minute and almost equalized . A long ball over the top found its way to Atsuto Uchida , whose layoff fell perfectly to Felix Platte . Platte -- in for the injured Huntelaar -- struck the crossbar . Marcelo settled the affair -- and probably the tie -- when he sent a rocket into the top corner with his right foot , not his favored left , in the 79th minute . He exchanged a hug with a joyous Ancelotti . "  We are not used to seeing Marcelo score with the right foot , so for this I was really surprised , " Ancelotti told Sky . Ancelotti then laughed when it was suggested to him that Real Madrid was under less pressure in the Champions League this season because it captured a 10th title -- or ` Decima ' -- last year . "  The pressure is the same , " he said . "  Last year we spoke of the ` Decima . ' This year it 's about  an 11th title  so the pressure is the same . " In Wednesday 's other game , Basel and Porto played to a 1-1 draw in Switzerland . Basel scored with its lone shot on target in the 11th minute thanks to Derlis Gonzalez but Porto -- which had a goal disallowed for offside in the first half -- earned a valuable away goal through Danilo 's penalty in the 79th .	Real Madrid defeats Schalke 2-0 in the Champions League Ronaldo and Marcelo score for Los Blancos Real wins its 10th straight game in the competition Basel and Porto drew 1-1 in the other game Wednesday
CNN  ISIS has again destroyed cultural treasures , this time bulldozing the site of the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud in northern Iraq , the nation 's Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities said . "  ISIS continues to defy the will of the world and the feelings of humanity , " the ministry said in a statement . "  They violated the ancient city of Nimrud and bulldozed its ancient ruins . " The extent of the damage was n't immediately clear , according to Iraqi state broadcaster Iraqiya TV . "  Our ministry condemns these criminal acts , " the statement said . "  Letting these lost gangs go without punishment will encourage them to destroy humanity 's civilization , the Mesopotamian civilization , inflicting irreversible priceless damages and losses . " Photos : Precious monuments lost in conflicts Nimrud was a city in the Assyrian kingdom , which flourished between 900 B.C. and 612 B.C. . The archaeological site is south of Mosul in northern Iraq . The razing of Nimrud comes a week after a video showed ISIS militants using sledgehammers to obliterate stone sculptures and other centuries-old artifacts in the Mosul Museum . That museum held 173 original pieces of antiquity and was being readied for reopening when ISIS invaded Mosul in June , according to Qais Hussain Rashid , the antiquities ministry 's director general of Iraqi museums , who spoke to Iraqiya TV last week . Nimrud and nearby Nineveh are the sites where two Assyrian kings , Sennacherib  704-681 B.C.  and Ashurnasirpal II  883-859 B.C.  , recorded successful military campaigns on the walls of their palaces , according to the World Monuments Fund , a group dedicated to saving the world 's most treasured places . "  Depicted in the reliefs are marauding troops in foreign lands , rendered in a style marked by lively action and attention paid to topographic and ethnographic detail , " the fund 's website says . "  The palaces of Sennacherib at Nineveh and Ashurnasirpal II at Nimrud are vestiges of the political , cultural and artistic height of the Assyrian Empire . The remains of these palaces , the only Assyrian palaces left preserved and decorated with reliefs , are now protected against vandals and function as site museums where visitors can appreciate ancient wall reliefs in their original setting , " the fund said in a website posting before this week 's ISIS assault on Nimrud . King Ashurnasirpal II made Nimrud the royal seat and the military capital of Assyria , Encyclopedia Britannica 's website says . Buildings at Nimrud "  have yielded thousands of carved ivories , mostly made in the 9th and 8th centuries B.C. , now one of the richest collections of ivory in the world , " the encyclopedia says . ISIS has destroyed other ancient and deeply meaningful sites in Iraq . Officials have said ISIS has blown up shrines such as the tomb of Jonah . Opinion : Destruction of antiquities proves folly , hypocrisy of ISIS	Nimrud was city in Assyrian kingdom , which flourished between 900 B.C. and 612 B.C. ISIS has destroyed other ancient sites in Iraq , home of some of earliest civilizations
CNN  -- A jet lagged Serena Williams skipped any New Year celebrations for a good night 's sleep after starting her 2014 WTA campaign in Brisbane Tuesday with a win over Andrea Petkovic . The top seed was extended by her German opponent before winning the second round match in straight sets , 6-4 6-4 and admitted she was heading to her hotel for an early night . "  I do n't celebrate New Year 's Eve , so usually I 'm in bed at midnight , " Williams told the WTA official website . "  I always hear the fireworks though . They wake me up at midnight . Hopefully I can sleep through them tonight . "  I 'm a very serious player . I never leave my room during a tournament , so I 'm not going out , " she added . Former top 10 player Petkovic proved a strong opponent for a season-opener and Williams dropped her service early in the match . But she quickly recovered and also made inroads on the Petkovic service , as well as sending down 11 aces of her own . "  It was an intense match , which was really good , " Williams said . "  She 's a good player . She 's been in the top 10 before and she was on her way to being even better . So it was a really good match for me . " Williams will next play ninth seed Dominika Cibulkova , who had to battle for two hours 14 minutes to beat 43-year-old Japanese veteran Kimiko Date-Krumm , 6-3 1-6 6-3 . Despite her desire for some shut eye , Williams will be hoping to have got back to more regular sleep patterns after only flying into Australia Saturday ahead of the tournament . She tweeted : "  I keep going to sleep around 8:30 or 9pm ... Ughhh I 'm so tired trying to stay awake ... #jetlagisreal . " Third seed Maria Sharapova is on the comeback trail after an injury layoff so may have mixed feelings about the withdrawal of her schedule second round opponent , Australian teenager Ashleigh Barty , who has torn a left abductor muscle . The Russian superstar will now advance to the quarterfinals , where she will play 2012 champion Kaia Kanepi of Estonia . In other matches Tuesday , fourth seed Jelena Jankovic beat Elina Svitolina , 6-1 6-3 and Kanepi saw off eighth seed Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-2 .	Serena Williams wins opener at Brisbane International Beats Andrea Petkovic of Germany 6-4 6-4 Admits to feeling jet lagged after flying into Australia Saturday Will be skipping any New Year celebrations
CNN  -- Mo Farah has joined an illustrious list of athletes who have won 5,000 meter and 10,000 meter Olympic gold medals by beating off a late challenge to win the shorter distance race in front of a roaring home crowd . The 29 year-old runner stepped up the pace 600 meters from the end , but then faced an impressive chase down from Ethiopian Dejen Gebremeskel and Kenya 's Thomas Longosiwa in the home strait . But he held on to cross the line in 13 minutes 41.66 seconds . "  I 'm just amazed - two gold medals , who would have thought that ? I got a lot of support from a fantastic crowd and that helped me towards the end " Farah told BBC TV after the race . His wife is set to give birth to twins anytime soon and he dedicated both victories to them , saying "  they can have one each " . As is typical in his races , the pace set at the start of the race was fairly slow , with U.S. athlete Lopez Lomong leading with a lap time of 1 min 11 seconds . The Ethopian duo of Gebremeskel and Yenew Alamirew then lengthened their strides to pick up the pace , but encouragement came from Farah 's American training partner Galen Rupp who helped keep Farah in contention by meeting the Ethiopian 's pace . Rupp could not stay with the pack on the final lap and Farah was left to fight his way into the lead and try to hold on , despite tiring heavily in the last couple of meters . The victory comes a week after he took the 10,000 m title and the crowd responded to his achievement by chanting his name as he went on a lap of honor which was more pedestrian in pace only because of the number of people that wanted to congratulate him . He is the first British athlete to win both races at the games and only five other men have managed to do the double , Czech Emil Zatopek , Lasse Viren and Hannes Kolehmainen from Finland and Ethiopians Miruts Yifter and Kenenisa Bekele . Farah moved to Great Britain as an eight-year-old from war-torn Somalia where he was born . He lives close to the Olympic Stadium in London , but he moved out to the U.S. last year to enhance his preparations for these games by training with Rupp .	Farah wins the 5000 meters final in a time of 13 minutes 41.66 seconds He is one of only six men to win double Olympic gold at 5000m and 10000m He moved to Britain at eight years old after being born and brought up in Somalia His wife is due to give birth to twin girls later this month and he has dedicated the golds to them
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- More than a week after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 went down in eastern Ukraine , Malaysian investigators have not yet been able to access the entire crash site , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Saturday . He urged both the pro-Russia rebels and Ukraine 's armed forces to cooperate so investigators can access the site fully . All 298 people aboard the plane died when it crashed on July 17 . Of that number , 43 were Malaysian , including 15 crew and two infants , according to Malaysia Airlines . Nine days later , some human remains still lie scattered amid the debris . A statement from Najib 's office said that since a deal was struck with the rebels on access to the crash site , a team of three Malaysian investigators has visited on three separate occasions , on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday . Each visit lasted about three hours , and the team was not able to visit all of the very large site . The team believes that at least 30 investigators would be needed to cover the entire site , in addition to themselves , three Dutch investigators and one representative of the independent ICAO  International Civil Aviation Organization  allowed in so far , the statement said . "  Unfortunately , events on the ground -- including ongoing fighting between Ukrainian and separatist forces -- prevent such a large contingent of investigators being deployed , " the statement said . Najib 's words come only a day after the rebels controlling the area -- the same rebels that Ukraine and the United States accuse of downing the plane -- hinted to an international monitoring group that they 've nearly had enough , even with the limited number of investigators they 've let in so far . "  We were given the indication ... that their patience is almost wearing out , " said Michael Bociurkiw , a spokesman for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has had a small team touring the site for days . "  They 're saying maybe another week and then they do n't know what would happen . " That scenario would be unlikely to please a number of nations that say a proper investigation still has n't begun , including Netherlands , whose officials say they 're negotiating with the Ukrainian government to send 40 Dutch military police to search for more bodies . "  Malaysia 's agreement with those in control of the crash site has three central elements : the transfer of the black boxes to Malaysia ; the return of the human remains ; and full access to the crash site for international investigators , " Najib is quoted as saying . "  The first two conditions have been met . My priority now is to ensure the third part of the deal is honored , and that international investigators are given full and secure access to the site . This will require the cooperation of those in control of the crash site and the Ukrainian armed forces . " More coffins flown out Another 38 coffins arrived on two planes from the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv and were given a somber welcome in the Dutch city of Eindhoven . This is expected to be the last transfer of coffins from Ukraine to Netherlands for the time being . The search for further remains at the crash site will continue when possible . Meantime , authorities for the first time released the identity of a victim with Dutch nationality . A team of more than 200 specialists are busy with the identification process , but officials have stressed the process could take months . A group of Dutch forensic experts was unable to reach the crash site Saturday because of safety concerns prompted by renewed fighting in the Donetsk area , a spokesman for the Ministry of Defense said . He said it was also too dangerous for OSCE observers to return to the site . As of Friday afternoon , 378 body bags containing remains of Flight 17 victims had been processed in Kharkiv , where discovered remains have been sent , Sergey Bochkovskiy , the head of Ukraine 's State Emergency Services , told reporters there . Officials say it 's unclear how many individual victims ' remains are contained in the bags . Dutch citizens were 193 of the 298 people aboard the downed flight . By Friday , 198 coffins had either already arrived in Netherlands or were on their way Friday , Bochkovskiy said . On Friday , the OSCE team toured the crash site , returning to a recently discovered section of fuselage from the plane . This time -- unlike Thursday -- victims ' passports and other documentation were there , Bociurkiw said . "  We ca n't draw any conclusions . But for sure , those were not there the last time we were there , " he said . "  Perhaps someone placed it there . We do n't know . " No Ukrainian government or international force has secured the site , raising concerns about tampering or pilfering . The OSCE team on Friday toured with a few experts from Australia and , for the first time , some forensic experts from Netherlands . Though many corpses have been recovered already , Bociurkiw said the group still has seen human remains among the debris several times this week . Parliament to vote on international police Ukraine temporary Acting Prime Minister Volodymyr Hroisman said Saturday that access to the crash site to allow its examination by investigators and the recovery of bodies is the key issue at stake , according to the Cabinet press office . But , he said , an international police mission is needed to guard the experts on the site . For this to happen , he said , Parliament must ratify a treaty allowing the deployment . "  This document is being prepared and will soon be introduced to the Parliament . I hope it will be passed by the Parliament next week , " he said . The next parliamentary meeting is scheduled for Thursday . It would appear that no international police will be allowed at the site before Parliament votes . Forty Dutch military policemen have arrived in Ukraine , where they will be tasked with helping to find human remains and belongings . They have not yet gone to the crash site . Najib is expected to travel to Netherlands on Wednesday and will meet with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in the Hague , his office said . The two leaders will discuss issues around securing the crash site and the process of identifying the human remains recovered from the scene so far . Najib said the three Malaysian investigators were now preparing a preliminary report based on their observations so far . Once that is complete , they plan to return to the crash site , "  if possible with a larger contingent of investigators and in more secure circumstances , " the statement said . Conflict continues Accusations over who was responsible for bringing down the passenger jet , which was headed from Amsterdam to Malaysia , continue to be traded by the Ukrainian government , pro-Russian rebels and officials in Moscow and Washington . MH17 was downed on July 17 by a suspected surface-to-air missile over eastern Ukraine , where groups of pro-Russian rebels are fighting Ukrainian government forces . The rebels have denied allegations from Ukraine and the West that they brought down the commercial airliner using equipment supplied by Russia . Conflict continues to roil the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of eastern Ukraine . Hundreds of vehicles crawled in heavy traffic Saturday as residents attempt to flee the center of Donetsk city heading south , following a night of intensified shelling and anti-aircraft fire on the northern outskirts of what is a stronghold for the pro-Russia rebels . According to the Twitter feed for the press office of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic on Saturday , fighting has occurred at five border check points that appear to be on the Russian side of the Ukraine-Russia border . Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency also reported fighting at five border checkpoints , naming three places on the Russia side of the border , Novoshakhtinsk , Kuybishevo and Gukovo . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek reported from Donetsk and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen , Saima Mohsin , Bharati Naik , Jason Hanna , Jethro Mullen and Radina Gigova contributed to this report	NEW : Netherlands makes its first identification of a victim Another 38 coffins carrying victims ' remains arrive in the Netherlands from Ukraine Fighting prevents Dutch forensics team from reaching the crash site Malaysian PM says team of 3 Malaysian investigators has not yet been able to see full site
Pope Francis said on Tuesday that modern slavery is a "  crime against humanity " and is "  unfortunately becoming worse and worse every day . " "  This takes place in hiding , behind closed doors , in private homes , in the streets , in the cars , in factories , in the fields , in fishing boats , and in so many other places , " the Pope said through an interpreter during a panel discussion Tuesday led by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  This takes place both in cities and in villages -- in villages of the richest and the poorest nations on earth . " A diverse group of faith leaders gathered at the Vatican on Tuesday to sign a declaration pledging to "  inspire spiritual and practical action by all global faiths and people of good will everywhere " to eradicate slavery by the year 2020 . Leaders and representatives of Catholic , Anglican and Orthodox Christianity , Judaism , Shiite and Sunni Islam , Buddhism and Hinduism all were present and signed the initiative . CNN has championed the cause of eradicating slavery , having launched its Freedom Project in March 2011 . An estimated 35.8 million people are enslaved , according to the Global Slavery Index . As the Pope pointed out , the problem is far from limited to developing countries : More than 60,000 people are estimated to be enslaved in the United States , more than 10,000 in Germany and more than 1,000 in Sweden . Most victims in Europe and Central Asia are forced into sexual exploitation , the United Nations says ; in East Asia and the Pacific region , most are used for forced labor . "  The victims come from all walks of life , but most times they are the poorest and the most vulnerable of our brothers and sisters , " Francis said . The joint declaration calls modern slavery a "  crime against humanity , " and says that eradication in less than a decade is achievable . "  Today we have the opportunity , awareness , wisdom , innovation and technology to achieve this human and moral imperative , " it states . Pope Francis begins mending the schism with Orthodox Christians	In a panel with other faith leaders , Francis calls slavery a "  crime against humanity " Christian , Muslim , Jewish , Buddhist and Hindu representatives sign declaration By signing , they pledge to support action to eradicate slavery by the year 2020 Global Slavery Index : More than 35 million people are in bondage worldwide
Washington  CNN  The Obama administration 's most significant legislative achievement is now , once again , teetering before the Supreme Court . The justices are n't weighing the fate of the entire statute this time . In fact , the dispute concerns what Congress meant in just four words in one section of the law . But the impact could be nearly as dramatic . In 2012 , the Affordable Care Act barely survived a constitutional challenge when Chief Justice John Roberts stunned conservatives and voted along with the court 's four liberal justices to uphold the law . Health chief : No plan if Obamacare overruled On March 4 , the justices will gather again to hear a challenge to the law , based on the validity of subsidies in the form of tax breaks , that could affect millions of Americans . The health care law provides for the establishment of "  exchanges " through which individuals can purchase competitively priced health insurance . It also authorizes federal tax credits to low - and middle-income Americans to help offset the cost of the policies . Currently 16 states plus the District of Columbia have set up their own exchanges ; the remaining 34 states rely on exchanges run by the federal government . Those bringing the case say that the words "  established by the State " in a subsection of the law make clear that subsidies are only available to those living in the 16 states that set up their own exchanges . They say the IRS -- one of the agencies charged with implementing the law -- was wrong to offer tax credits to individuals who live in states that only have federally run exchanges . In their eyes , the only exchanges that comport with the letter of the law are those established by the states themselves . If the court says the IRS rule is invalid , absent some kind of action by the states or Congress , more than 5 million individuals will no longer be eligible for the subsidies , shaking up the individual market . The stakes are high . Though a ruling against the government would n't nullify the law , it could destabilize it . If millions of Americans were to lose the tax subsidies , and as a result not buy insurance , it would cause premiums to skyrocket in the individual market because there would be less healthy people in the pool . It would then be up to Congress to fix the law or states to set up their own exchanges . Just Tuesday , Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell warned that if the government loses , it has no plan B to "  undo the massive damage . " The challengers say that Congress limited the subsidies in order to encourage the states to set up their own exchanges . But when only a few states acted , the IRS tried to "  fix " the law and wrote a rule allowing subsidies for those living in states with state-run exchanges as well as states with federally run exchanges . "  If the rule of law means anything , " wrote Michael Carvin , a lawyer for the challengers , in court briefs , "  it is that text is not infinitely malleable and that agencies must follow the law as written -- not revise it to ` better ' achieve what they assume to have been Congress 's purposes . " Carvin stressed that even though the case is "  socially consequential " and "  politically sensitive , " the court must look at what precisely the law says . "  Under those principles , it is clear that the IRS rule must fall , " he said . Congressional opponents of the ACA such as Republican Sens. Ted Cruz and John Cornyn agree . In a friend-of-the-court brief , they argued that the executive branch improperly encroached on Congress ' lawmaking function and that the IRS interpretation "  opens the door to hundreds of billions of dollars of additional government spending . " Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. said that the language at issue is a "  term of art " and that Congress always intended the subsidies to be available to everyone . Verrilli said it was "  abundantly clear " that some states would not establish their own exchanges and that if the challengers win , those living in states with federally facilitated exchanges would "  face the very death spirals the Act was structured to avoid . " The legislators who actually crafted the law agree with Verrilli . The challengers ' assertion is "  inconsistent with the text and history of the statute , " they argued . In addition , 22 states filed a brief saying that if the challengers prevail , insurance markets throughout the country will be disrupted and the law may not be able to operate as a "  comprehensive nationwide program . " If the challengers win , individuals living in the 34 states that opted not to establish exchanges would face the loss of their subsidies . In 2014 , more than 5.3 million Americans selected an insurance plan through one of the federally facilitated plans . Enrollment for 2015 is still in progress , but in court briefs the government said that nearly 7 million customers have selected or been re-enrolled in a plan through a federally facilitated exchange and "  coverage throughout the exchanges is expected to continue to increase substantially in the coming years . " Those living in states with their own exchanges would not be in danger of losing their subsidies as a result of a ruling against the government . But if the system is destabilized elsewhere , all bets are off . The plaintiffs in the case are residents of Virginia , one of the 34 states that declined to establish its own exchange . David King , Douglas Hurst , Brenda Levy and Rose Luck all signed declarations with the Supreme Court that they did n't want to purchase ACA-compliant health insurance in 2014 . The crux of their argument is that if it were not for the tax credits for premiums , they could not afford health insurance and thus would be exempt from the individual mandate to purchase health insurance . But in order to bring the challenge , the plaintiffs have to show that they have the "  standing " or legal right to be in court . This means that they have to have been harmed by the government action . Although the lower courts dismissed the government 's argument that the plaintiffs did n't have standing , the media and others have uncovered information that could raise new questions . It turns out , for example , that two of the plaintiffs are veterans and could be eligible for health care through the Department of Veterans Affairs , though they signed a declaration swearing that they were n't eligible for government insurance . If they were , they would n't have to buy insurance through the exchange . As things stand now , however , the government has not pressed the issue before the Supreme Court . But the justices themselves might be interested in the issue , which could potentially derail the case .	Affordable Care Act finds its future hinging once again on a Supreme Court decision Justices will hear arguments in the case on March 4
LifeWire  -- When George Dello of San Diego was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and told he had at best five months to live , he did n't immediately begin the chemotherapy treatments his doctor recommended . Instead , he and his wife , Pam , drove up the California coast and spent a week among the redwoods north of San Francisco . Expert : Family and friends can help the terminally ill by spending time with them . "  These trees are 5 feet wide and 150 feet tall , " said Dello , 43 . "  They still have another 150 feet to grow and are going to stick around for another 1,000 years . When I thought about that , I 'm just a flea on the bark . It 's unbelievable . " The trip offered Dello , who worked in the auto repossession business , and his wife a chance to come to terms with the diagnosis in August 2008 , and to scratch the trip to the redwood forests off his life "  to do " list while he was still relatively healthy . He died four months later . The idea that dying well is as important as living well gained cultural currency last year when Randy Pausch , a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University , delivered a final lecture a month after learning that his pancreatic cancer had spread and was inoperable . The lecture was viewed millions of times on the Internet and adapted into a best-selling book . "  We can not change the cards we are dealt , " Pausch , who died in July at age 47 , told his audience , "  just how we play the hand . " "  Die the way you live " It 's easy , experts say , for terminally ill patients and their loved ones to focus so much on their medical care and other important practical matters , including funerals and wills , that a "  good " death eludes them . Health permitting , a trip like the one Dello took with his wife can help , as can visits from friends and family . "  You 're going to die the way you live , " says Fran Moreland Johns , a former hospice volunteer and author of "  Dying Unafraid . " "  Laughter , music , all of the things that have been important in your life -- if you put them to work for making your end times better , you can actually affect your dying days . " "  That 's where Randy Pausch has set a wonderful example . He brought all of his skills to bear on living until the moment he died . " Tony Wallace , a retired foreign service officer from Arlington , Virginia , went on a Caribbean cruise with his wife , Susan , after he learned in September 2004 that he had amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . As his illness progressed , Wallace , a former adjunct professor of public policy at George Mason University , put his teaching and writing skills to work by starting a blog , "  Navigating Through ALS , " and using it as a platform to help others suffering from the disease . "  I 'm not a compiler of life lists of things I never got to do and places I never got to visit , " Wallace wrote in December 2007 . "  I look back on my life to date and view it as a well-judged race -- like a NASCAR race in which you do n't set the speed record , but you do n't crash , handle the curves well , and deliver a respectable performance . " Wallace died September 4 , 2008 at age 67 . Susan Wallace , a part-time editor , says her husband 's illness , while painful and difficult , offered an opportunity of sorts . "  If I had to choose between a long-term illness and an immediate death , I think I would go for a long-term illness , although it was hard on both of us , " she says . "  But the last four years have been incredible years , probably the best years of our marriage . We became closer than we ever were . " For friends and family Friends and family can help tremendously simply by showing up , says Kathy Brandt , vice president of professional leadership , consumer and caregiver services for the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization . Often , she says , people worry so much about what to say to someone with a terminal illness -- or about saying the wrong thing -- that they just stay away . "  We need to put aside our selfish fears , " says Brandt . "  That may sound a little harsh , but it 's not really about us . " One way to avoid saying the wrong thing is to steer clear of cliches , she says . " ` God has a reason ' or ` tomorrow will be another day ' -- those kinds of things are trite , but they 're also impersonal , " says Brandt . "  If the person wants to chat and talk , then just ask a question or two and let the person talk . If the person 's not physically well enough to do a lot of talking , ask if they 'd like to hear a story about something that happened at work , or saying , ` Would you like me to read a story to you ? ' It 's all about figuring out where the person is at and meeting them where they are . " Visits can be used to tie up loose ends or resolve old conflicts , says Brandt . Susan Wallace says her husband had time to repair one particularly nagging rift before he died , and Dello also took opportunities to resolve disputes with friends and former co-workers . "  Most people at the end of their life need closure , " says Brandt . "  If they 've offended someone or had an argument with somebody , they can say they 're sorry . Oftentimes they like the opportunity to say goodbye to people . They may not say those words , but that 's what those visits can be with friends and loved ones . " In Johns ' view , the biggest hurdle for most people is overcoming their fear of the unknown and realizing that , for most , death "  is not the worst thing that 's going to happen . " "  We do n't know what dying is , " says Johns . "  Whatever your religious background , it 's easier for us to ignore death and pretend that it does n't happen than to accept it as an unknown with all the other unknowns -- in this day and age there are a lot of them -- and deal with what we can and not be so spooked . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers . William Lamb is a staff writer for The Record of Bergen County , New Jersey . His writing has appeared in Dwell , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , the Philadelphia Inquirer and at USATODAY.com .	Randy Pausch set an example of a good death for the terminally ill Author : He used his skills to go on "  living until the moment he died " Hospice official : People avoid the sick , worrying too much about what to say Visits can be used by dying to tie up loose ends or heal rifts
A federal judge ruled Monday that Chicago 's ban on virtually all sales and transfers of firearms is unconstitutional . "  The stark reality facing the City each year is thousands of shooting victims and hundreds of murders committed with a gun . But on the other side of this case is another feature of government : certain fundamental rights are protected by the Constitution , put outside government 's reach , including the right to keep and bear arms for self-defense under the Second Amendment , " wrote U.S. District Judge Edmond Chang . "  Chicago 's ordinance goes too far in outright banning legal buyers and legal dealers from engaging in lawful acquisitions and lawful sales of firearms , " he continued . Chang explicitly did not rule out other types of regulation , short of a complete ban , in order to "  minimize the access of criminals to firearms and to track the ownership of firearms . "  But the flat ban on legitimate sales and transfers does not fit closely with those goals , " Chang wrote . ` It 's got to stop , ' grandmother says after 3-year-old injured in Chicago shooting The judge stayed his ruling to give the city time to file an appeal . The FBI 's latest annual crime report showed Chicago had 500 homicides in 2012 , up from 431 in 2011 and more than any other American city . Still , Chicago does not have the highest homicide rate in the United States . That unwanted distinction belongs to Flint , Michigan , with one homicide for every 1,613 residents , according to the FBI data . Detroit is close behind , with one killing for every 1,832 residents . Smart gun technology could set New Jersey law into motion	The ordinance goes "  too far , " writes Judge Edmond Chang He does not rule out other types of regulation , short of a complete ban The judge stays his ruling to give the city time to file an appeal
MADISON COUNTY , Virginia  CNN  -- Amidst the tranquility of a fishing trip at the Rose River Farm in Madison County , a wounded warrior says he almost feels "  semi-normal again . " Retired Navy Capt. Ed Nicholson 's Project Healing Waters Fly Fishing helps rehabilitate wounded servicemembers . The amputee is one of about 1,000 servicemen and veterans who have reaped the benefits of the therapeutic art of fly-fishing , with the help of retired Navy Capt. Ed Nicholson . "  The demons of war , you just do n't set them aside , " says Nicholson , 67 . "  But once you get out on the river , the serenity is incredibly healing . " While recovering from cancer surgery at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in 2004 , Nicholson witnessed wounded and disabled men and women -- many of them amputees -- struggling with their injuries . "  Other than being in Vietnam and seeing people in the process of getting hurt , I never really had a full appreciation for the recovery part and what happened after they came home . My recovery was nothing compared to what they were facing . It planted the seed that maybe there 's something I could do , " Nicholson says . The solution was obvious to Nicholson , who says being an outdoorsman is in his blood : Get them out of the hospital and into nature . Through free classes and outings , Nicholson 's organization , Project Healing Waters Fly Fishing , helps rehabilitate injured and disabled servicemembers and veterans . "  We would run these classes that would better prepare them to be fishermen when the weather got nice and we could move outside , start casting lessons and go fishing , " he says . Nicholson and ty flying instructor John Colburn saw that the discipline of tying flies , which requires patience and training , benefited veterans recovering from injuries . And it helped them relax . "  You have a guy who lost a leg and we get him out there wading in a stream -- he gets a boost . Or a guy who lost an arm , we start him casting . He has a chance to use his new arm and actually do something that 's enjoyable , " says Nicholson . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes "  Ed -LSB- is -RSB- showing us that if you have the will , they will find a way , " says Army Staff Sgt. Brian Mancini , who lost his right eye after being hit by an explosive device in Iraq in July 2007 . "  It shows you that life 's not over , it 's only beginning . " Watch Mancini describe how Nicholson 's program helped his healing process " One soldier with a brain injury says tying flies , building fly rods and casting have helped him with his motor skills . Others on the catch-and-release outing describe feeling normal for the first time in a long time . Watch wounded servicemen discuss the role of Project Healing Waters Fly Fishing in their recovery " "  Between the pain , the medication , the realization that their life has been changed , they 're doing something that gives them a great deal of pleasure and that they can look forward to , " Nicholson says . Watch Nicholson as he helps wounded soldiers through fly-fishing " First Lt. Ferris Butler , an active participant in Project Healing Waters , agrees . "  If you compound losing body parts with losing friends , just getting in the water is a release , " he says , adding that fishing gave him enhanced dexterity because it helped him learn to walk on prosthetics in the water . Since 2005 , Nicholson 's program has grown to more than 50 locations nationwide with "  more to come , " he says . With support from The Federation of Fly Fishers and Trout Unlimited , the group is establishing long-term relationships with hospital and military staff , participants and volunteers . Participants across the country can attend outings during the spring , summer and fall . An indoor component focuses on classroom activities . Nicholson , who rises early and spends the better part of his day running operations for his organization , once thought he 'd spend his golden years enjoying his favorite pastimes : fishing and hunting . But he says he welcomes the direction his life has taken . "  I 'm doing something that gives me as much satisfaction and gratification of anything that I 've really done . I loved serving my country . I was proud to serve for 30 years . But I 'm incredibly satisfied with what I 'm doing now . " Want to get involved ? Check out Project Healing Waters Fly Fishing and see how to help .	Retired Navy Capt. Ed Nicholson helps wounded servicemembers through fly-fishing Project Healing Waters Fly Fishing aids the physical , emotional healing processes Since 2005 , Nicholson 's program has grown to more than 50 locations nationwide Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- U.S. kidnapping victim Jaycee Dugard , who gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity , said she did what she had to do to survive . During a wide-ranging interview with ABC News ' Diane Sawyer that aired Sunday night , Dugard opened up about her experiences at the hands of her captors , Nancy and Philip Garrido . Dugard was just 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from the street in front of her South Lake Tahoe , California , home . The Garridos held her and her daughters in a hidden compound of sheds and tarpaulins until she was found in 2009 . Dugard is now 31 and working to build a new life , one in which she and her children are finally free . "  There 's a switch that I had to shut off , " she told Sawyer . "  Just went someplace else . " "  I ca n't imagine being beaten to death , you know ? And you ca n't imagine being kidnapped and raped , you know ? So , it 's just , you just do what you have to do to survive . " Dugard recounted the first moment Phillip Garrido entered her life . She was on her way to school , wearing her favorite shirt and a ring in the shape of a butterfly her mother had given her , ABC reported , when all of a sudden Dugard felt "  tingly " and "  numb . " Phillip Garrido had shocked her with a stun gun , the network said . The Garridos then put her in their car . She recalled Phillip Garrido laughing at one point , and telling his wife : "  I ca n't believe we got away with it . " "  It was like the most horrible moment of your life times 10 , " Dugard told ABC . At first , she was handcuffed . Dugard said she tried not to cry because , with her hands behind her back , she could n't wipe away her tears . Left on her face , they would itch , she said . Dugard also recalled the first time she gave birth , in the backyard , at just 14 years old . "  I did n't know I was in labor , " she said . "  Then I saw her . She was beautiful . I felt like I was n't alone anymore .  I  had somebody that was mine ... And I knew I could never let anything happen to her , " she said . Throughout her 18-year ordeal , Dugard managed to hold onto the ring her mother had given her and the hope that she would one day be reunited with her family , ABC reported . "  I wanted to see her more than anything , " she said about her mother . "  I would cry every day .  It was  hardest when I would think about her and what she was doing and then -- trying to convince myself she was better without me . "  Worried I 'd forget what she looked like , or what she sounded like . Would she forget me ? " Her mother , Terry Probyn , also appeared in the ABC interview . Last month , a judge sentenced Phillip Garrido to 431 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and 12 counts of sexual assault . Nancy Garrido got 36 years to life in prison for her role in the crimes , including kidnapping and one count of rape by force . The couple pleaded guilty in late April in El Dorado Superior Court . A statement from Dugard , read by her mother at the sentencing hearing , called the Garridos "  evil " and described her kidnapping by them as a "  sexual perversion . " During the ABC interview , she stressed she is moving on with her life . Dugard said she wants to study writing , the network reported . She spoke out just days before her memoir , "  A Stolen Life , " is scheduled to be released . The book is due in stores Tuesday . "  Why not look at it ? Stare it down until it ca n't scare you anymore , " Dugard said about her nearly two decades in captivity . "  I did n't want there to be any more secrets . "	Jaycee Dugard was just 11 when she was abducted She gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity Her memoir , "  A Stolen Life , " is due in stores on Tuesday Dugard speaks exclusively to ABC News ' Diane Sawyer
CNN  -- Volunteers and veterinarians caring round the clock for stranded pilot whales were buoyed Saturday evening by news that two were released off the Florida Keys . After being transported by boat , the males swam away in the Atlantic Ocean about nine miles off the lower Florida Keys shortly before 6 p.m. , said Karrie Carnes , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration spokeswoman . The pair are 12 feet and 13 feet long and weigh more than 1,000 pounds each . They are considered teenagers . Five other surviving pilot whales are being cared for in a sea pen established at Cudjoe Key , about 20 miles east of Key West . "  They  the whales  are being literally cradled 24 hours a day , " Carnes said . Fourteen whales died after stranding themselves in shallow waters over a 12-mile stretch of sand flats . Veterinarians are not sure why the protected whales came to shore , said Carnes , adding that they are usually found in 300-meter deep waters in the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico . "  We may never know why this group stranded . " The pod showed no evident signs of significant emaciation or illness , but may have become disoriented and followed each other to the shore . "  They are very social animals , " Carnes said . The rescue effort , which began Thursday , has included hundreds of federal and state employees , veterinarians and volunteers , said Carnes , who works at the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary . Rescuers plan to transfer the five survivors to a rehabilitation facility in Key Largo once they are healthy enough to undergo the journey , Carnes told CNN . Tents and wet sheets are protecting the five from the sun and temperatures . Veterinarians are checking their blood and body fluids and are pumping them with antibiotics and enzymes . Volunteers from the Marine Mammal Conservancy in Key Largo have been crucial to the operation . "  For a lot of people , marine animals are very charismatic , " Carnes said . "  People have a love of the ocean and mysteries of the deep . " Sea World , the U.S. Coast Guard and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission also have provided assistance in the lifesaving effort . Adult pilot whales can measure up to 20 feet long and weigh up to 3 tons . Due to their social nature , they are often involved in mass strandings , according to the American Cetacean Society . The ACS is a nonprofit group based in California that works to protect whales , dolphins and porpoises , according to its website . A similar incident occurred in the Florida Keys in 2003 , when 28 whales were stranded . Most of them died , but after several months of care , five were released back into the ocean . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Two male pilot whales are released in the Atlantic Ocean off the Florida Keys Five others are being treated 24/7 in a holding pen They will be taken to Key Largo for further rehabilitation Fourteen other whales died after stranding themselves
CNN  -- The Internet was made for moments like these . Clint Eastwood and his empty chair did n't so much detract from Mitt Romney 's big moment at the last night of the Republican National Convention , as much as they became breakout stars in their own right . Romney and Marco Rubio still had their moments . Clint retained his Hollywood icon status . And two new stars were born , Invisible Obama and Clint 's Chair . Those were n't the only OMG moment during the final night of the RNC . 1 . More crying "  Is crying becoming a ` thing ' for Republicans ? " asked @libgrrrl Thursday night . We could n't have said it better ourselves . One of Eastwood 's most tweeted moments was his reference to crying when Obama was elected . "  I just thought this is great . Everybody 's crying , Oprah was crying . I was even crying , " he said . U.S. Olympian Mike Eruzione got choked up speaking about carrying the World Trade Center flag during the 2002 Opening Ceremony , but it was Romney talking about single rose his father would leave by his mother 's bedside every day that had most eyes welling up , including Romney 's . "  Mitt 's tearing up talking about his parents ! Y' all I ca n't even deal with all this crying tonight , " tweeted @rsethib And then there were the weepers in the audience , some of whom managed to hold back tears long enough to tweet , like @ShoshanaWeissmann , "  Loving this !!!!!! Crying a little and SO inspired !!!!!! " 2 . Homocon CNN reporter Jen Christensen spent time with members of the Log Cabin Republicans who were invited to participate in the convention platform for the first time this year . The LGBT group GOProud threw a Tuesday night party called "  Homocon , " that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope . However inclusion did not = acceptance . But let 's focus on the lighter moments shall we ? "  Dance remix of ` say a little prayer ' plays at #homocon and still no one dancing . I 'm sorry , but are these Republicans really gay ?? #gop2012 , " wrote @libawr "  Weirdest events for #RNC2012 ? Try zombies , Homocon and comedian  ?  Grover Norquist , " wrote @Danielson_Times 3 . Take a seat . Almost any seat . When comedian Patton Oswalt tweeted , " ` If Clint Eastwood ever talks to a chair on national TV , people will need a way to reassure each other ' -- inventor of Twitter , March 2006 , " not everyone was amused . Thankfully we were . In true Twitter fashion , the social community soon asked why Eastwood should be having all the fun and decided to turn the spotlight back on themselves by snapping photos of their own empty chairs and tagging them #eastwooding . More than 500 tagged photos were uploaded to Instagram with many more shared on Twitter . Cats , dogs and babies were of course , included , as the Internet gets extremely anxious whenever they stray too far from cats , dogs or babies . Mia Farrow almost got in on the joke , neglecting to post a photo when she tweeted , "  Breakfast w #emptychair . We were a little rude to invisible guest #eastwooding . " The fun extended all the way to Pinterest as Invisible_Obama posted , "  At last a worthy opponent , " with a pin of Romney and an empty wooden chair . Piers Morgan summed it all up with this tweet , "  Awk-ward . #Clint " The Twitter account @ClintsChair has more than 2,000 followers and continued tweeting through the night , taking responsibility at one point for Eastwood 's ramblings . "  I was talking to Clint about Afghanistan right before we went out there . That 's why I forgot his notes . " And it was n't too long before @BarackObama responded with "  This seat 's taken , " showing Obama comfortably seated in a leather chair clearly labeled "  The President . " As a side note , "  The Empty Chair " Facebook page is a community focused on supporting and comforting survivors of grief . They continue on as usual , seemingly unaffected by the empty chair meme . 4 . America . America . America . How many times did Romney say "  America ? " The great folks at @Upworthy counted 95 . But they might have missed a few since they made a drinking game out of it . @Upworthy , "  If you are still playing the #AmericaCount drinking game , MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOUL . #GOP2012 " 5 . This guy Several photos of a man wearing what appeared to be a cowboy hat made of a Yuengling beer case earned salutes , praise and a few questions . We say : Well played , sir . "  ok yeah this guy made a cowboy hat out of a case of Yuengling and went to the #rnc , " tweeted @trimpey who posted a photo for our benefit . 6 . WTH ? It 's no surprise Eastwood 's conversation with an empty chair raised a lot of eyebrows . Anyone having an unscripted conversation with an empty chair during a live broadcast on every major network would . It is Clint Eastwood , after all . What the Internet seemed most delighted by was that no one could decipher what Eastwood was actually saying . Transcripts revealed a text riddled with incomplete sentences . The best "  summary " was posted on Comedy Central 's Indecision Tumblr and goes like this , "  I was talking to Barack Obama the other day ... Potato . Sneaker . Fish . Pizza . Algebra . Racecar . " On Twitter , the accounts @InvisibleObama and @ClintsChair rocketed to instant popular kid status tweeting things like , "  Sigh ... agent just got off the phone with Biden . Booked for Charlotte . "  @ClintsChair  The Facebook page Invisible Obama  one of three  began posting photos of , wait for it , Invisible Obama doing things POTUS would . But they did n't have all the fun . "  After Clint Eastwood 's chair , Romney is back stage feverishly making a sock puppet , " wrote @rationalists Oh , if only it were true . Dems , your move .	"  Is crying becoming a ` thing ' for Republicans ? " asks one tweeter LGBT group threw a party that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope The Twitter account @ClintsChair has more than 2,000 followers Several photos of a man wearing a hat made of a beer case earned salutes
According to Lady Gaga , "  When you make music or write or create , it 's really your job to have mind-blowing , irresponsible , condom-less sex with whatever idea it is you 're writing about at the time . " Translation : It can really pay off when you do n't play it safe . When it comes to your work , pitching your next big idea or even applying for that dream job , remember that people do n't dwell on the humdrum . Whatever your project , your idea , your resume , you should go big . Create something remarkable . Give your coworkers and supervisors -- current or potential -- something meaningful to talk about . Lady Gaga is one of the best-selling music artists of all time : 23 million albums and 64 million singles sold worldwide , Five Grammy Awards , 13 MTV Video Music Awards , Billboard magazine 's Artists of the Year , Time magazine 's list of the 100 Most Influential People in the World , No. 1 on Billboard 's list of top moneymakers , and Forbes title of the world 's most powerful celebrity ... the list goes on . But Lady Gaga is not just a pop star ; she is an incredible businessperson . She 's a pro at causing a stir . Her business ideas push the boundaries of possibility , leading to great innovations in everything from social media to perfume . And when introducing her new ideas , she 's the undisputed queen of the dramatic entrance . Read more : Women more ethical at work than men But there 's always meaning behind all that madness , and both business people and job seekers can learn a thing or two from the Manifesto of Mother Monster , a speech she made in the music video for the song "  Born This Way . " Cause a Stir Remember the meat dress she wore to the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards ? That outfit -- love it or hate it -- got everyone talking . Gaga did n't just don raw meat for the shock of it . She used the dress to draw attention to the U.S. 's policy of gay men and women serving the military . The gesture drew enormous amounts of attention from the mainstream media and Time magazine deemed it the "  Top Fashion Statement of 2010 " . When trying to attract an audience , whether it 's for a big project or a new job , why not cause a stir by doing something outrageous yet meaningful ? Do n't just show up in couture charcuterie or engage in hollow tricks to get noticed . Take a moment to consider whether what you 're doing is word-of-mouth-worthy , whether it truly stands for something . Then go for it . Be Daring Lady Gaga was hesitant about creating her own perfume and did n't want to have just another run-of-the mill celebrity scent . "  I wanted to create a fragrance that somebody who makes fragrances says , ` Well , how did they do that ? ' " Gaga explained to Vogue magazine . Gaga presented her idea to the executives from Coty Beauty . The perfume , to be called Fame , must be black in the bottle , but when sprayed , become clear . Coty balked . It had never been done . But they decided to give it a try , and a few months later , their R&D scientists came through . They invented an opaque-to-clear perfume technology that is now patent pending . Read more : Get ready for Generation Y bosses Yael Tuil , vice president of Coty Beauty 's global marketing department gives props to Gaga for making them think outside the box , saying , "  She was really behind the most important innovation in the fragrance industry in the last 20 years . She is really pushing boundaries . " What 's your equivalent of Lady Gaga 's impossible perfume ? Embrace those daring and innovative ideas . You never know , they just might push everyone in a new direction or land you that dream job . Make an entrance The press , fans and television audiences watched , agape , as a supine Lady Gaga , encased in a translucent egg-like contraption , was carried by four scantily clad male models down the red carpet at the 2011 Grammy Awards . Gaga was to perform her single , "  Born This Way , " a song about her vision of transforming the culture into a kinder , braver world where everyone is valued . She captivated everyone 's attention before the show in the egg , or "  vessel , " as the fashion houses Hussein Chalayan and the House of Mugler wanted it referred to . Gallery : What top leaders say about success Is there a dramatic way to introduce your next great idea or captivate your audience ? What 's the ideal "  vessel " for you to transport your idea to its next phase ? As Lady Gaga has shown us , it 's the right combination of generating a buzz and the meaning behind it that engages her fans . Buzz just for its own sake will only go so far , and it can often backfire . Instead , follow Lady Gaga 's example for creating meaningful experiences . Do n't resort to pony tricks , unless you 're trying to be the office trick pony . Draw attention to your worthy work in ways that spark conversations and make everyone feel more creative and energized .	Being bold and creating something meaningful are two principles embraced by Lady Gaga Lady Gaga is not just a pop star but a shrewd businessperson , says Jackie Huba Draw attention to worthy work and avoid gimmicks for the sake of them , advises Huba
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- -- It 's OK for Republicans to want President Obama to fail if they think he 's jeopardizing the country , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal told members of his political party Tuesday night . Gov. Bobby Jindal is offering a spirited defense of Republicans who say they want President Obama to fail . Jindal described the premise of the question -- "  Do you want the president to fail ? " -- as the "  latest gotcha game " being perpetrated by Democrats against Republicans . "  Make no mistake : Anything other than an immediate and compliant , ` Why no sir , I do n't want the president to fail , ' is treated as some sort of act of treason , civil disobedience or political obstructionism , " Jindal said at a political fundraiser attended by 1,200 people . "  This is political correctness run amok . " Since conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh said that he hoped that Obama would fail , Republicans have been pressed by Democrats and the media about Limbaugh 's comments . Jindal , a potential 2012 presidential candidate , told the Republican audience he would "  not be brow beaten on this , and I will not kowtow to their correctness . " "  My answer to the question is very simple : ` Do you want the president to fail ? ' It depends on what he is trying to do . " Jindal , who served two terms in the U.S. House , returned to Washington to help his former colleagues raise more than $ 6 million for the 2010 midterm elections . And he likely picked up important political chits , should he decide to run for president . So far , Jindal has sidestepped questions about 2012 . But on Tuesday he seemed to be laying the groundwork in case he eventually decides the political climate is right . A video of favorable back-to-back TV reports about Jindal preceded his introduction to the audience . And Jindal used his remarks to deep-pocketed Republican donors to emphasize his vision for how the Grand Old Party can get back on track . He made a point to criticize Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for a "  spending spree " that he said "  is costing the taxpayers more than the Iraq war , more than the Vietnam War , and , near and dear to my heart , even more than the Louisiana Purchase . " Jindal singled out House Republicans for standing up to Obama and helping the GOP return to its conservative roots . The governor took a controversial stand when he refused to accept $ 98 million in federal stimulus money to expand unemployment benefits in Louisiana , because he said it would force an unfair tax on businesses when the funding ran out . Democrats and other critics blasted Jindal 's decision , saying he was influenced by presidential ambitions . But many conservatives saw his decision as a principled stand . Moments after Jindal wrapped up his remarks Tuesday , Obama held his second prime-time news conference 12 blocks away at the White House . Last month , Jindal delivered the Republican response following Obama 's joint address to Congress . The governor was widely panned for his performance , which he addressed Tuesday at the top of his speech . "  Many of you have asked that I reprise my State of the Union response speech , " Jindal said . "  That was a joke by the way . It 's OK to laugh about it . "  I have just learned that because of President Obama 's opposition to torture , it is now illegal to show my speech to prisoners at Gitmo , " he added . The governor 's speech then took on a serious tone when he emphasized the need for Republicans to put the 2008 election behind them and embrace the role of loyal opposition party . "  It 's time to declare our time of introspection and navel-gazing officially over , " Jindal said . "  It 's time to get on with the business of charting America 's future . So , as of now , be it hereby resolved that we will focus on America 's future , and on standing up for fiscal sanity , before it is too late . " With the next presidential election three years away and the fact that he has to face Louisiana voters in 2011 if he seeks re-election , it is not surprising that Jindal does not publicly express interest in running in 2012 . But if the governor is considering a presidential bid , he must now focus on learning to become a national candidate and building a political operation . Unlike potential 2012 rivals such as Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee , Jindal does n't have a national infrastructure in place , nor the experience the two men gained crisscrossing the country in their failed 2008 bids for the White House . And Jindal lacks the name recognition of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a former vice presidential nominee who is said to be considering her own campaign in 2012 . GOP operative Alex Vogel said it is critical for Jindal or any other Republican candidate to begin amassing a list of national supporters similar to what Obama created for the 2008 campaign . "  It is all about data , " said Vogel , a former senior aide to the Republican National Committee , the National Republican Senatorial Committee and ex-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist . "  The best candidate in the world is only as good as his database . How many cell phone numbers , e-mails and mailing addresses can you collect ? You ca n't collect that in a presidential campaign . You have to do that now . " Vogel also said that beyond "  fine-tuning his message , " Jindal needs to continue giving speeches , attending political events and appearing on television if he wants to get used to running for national office . At 37 , Jindal potentially has a long political future , whether or not he runs for president in 2012 . "  There is plenty of time between now and the primaries for him to tighten his game , " said Jonathan Grella , a GOP strategist who has worked for former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay and the National Republican Senatorial Committee . "  He obviously has got a long ways to go before he performs at a presidential level , and particularly at the Obama level . That is a tall order . But Bobby Jindal is an above-average political performer now , and he has plenty of room to grow . "	Jindal : If Obama 's policies jeopardize U.S. , nothing wrong in desiring his failure The Louisiana governor addresses fellow Republicans Tuesday night Jindal has sidestepped whether he will make a presidential run in 2012 Jindal to GOP : Let 's declare our time of "  introspection and navel-gazing " over
LONDON , England  CNN  -- One year after the collapse of banking stalwart Lehman Brothers , the administrator of its European business says the full impact on creditors may not be known until 2010 . One year ago cameras caught shocked Lehman Brothers ' employees leaving the building with boxes . Tony Lomas , a partner for PricewaterhouseCoopers , has been sorting through the financial remains of the banking giant 's European division since last September , when it became clear the bank would file for bankruptcy . He says administrators are still some months from finalizing the total amount owed to Lehman 's creditors . "  That will come at some point , maybe in the course of calendar 2010 , " Lomas said . "  But up until that point we wo n't know the quantum of claims are . We have very complex trading relationships with a very large proportion of our counterparties . And we 've got six thousand or so live counterparties out there . " Watch the full interview with Tony Lomas " Within a week of Lehman 's collapse , Lomas sold Lehman 's equity trading business to Nomura . The deal saw about half of Lehman 's 5,000 employees in Europe move over to the Japanese investment bank . The agreement did n't include Lehman 's trading positions , the infrastructure , the intellectual property , or the building . "  One of the big reasons why we retained the infrastructure here was because we knew we were going to be dependent on it for many years to come because of the complexity of what we were unraveling , " Lomas said . Some 400 to 500 Lehman 's staff still work in the London office for its administrators , poring through trading records and unwinding complex financial positions . "  We expect a significant number of those people to be with us for a reasonably significant time to work through all this , " Lomas said . Among those who lost their jobs from Lehman Brothers , some such as former employee Caroline White , have turned their backs on the financial sector . White has since forged a new career in fashion and plans to unveil her first piece on Tuesday night . The former banker has n't put her last career completely behind her . Her collection includes a laptop bag with the Lehman 's logo . "  I themed it with a Lehman 's theme because I think its quite appropriate . I wanted to show where I have come from , and where I am going , " the designer said . The future is less clear for the London-based administrators who say their job will not be done for several years . "  This could well take more than 10 years to resolve , all the issues , " Lomas said . "  By that time , it will outdate me . " He is confident creditors will receive some of their money . In the past year the administrators have recouped $ 9 billion dollars in cash , most of which has been invested in government-backed securities . "  Our priority is to keep it safe and make sure we do n't lose it , " Lomas said . One year on , he said the job has n't become any easier . "  Reflecting back on the astonishment if you like of being appointed administrator here in the UK and contemplating what lay ahead of us , I do n't think I underestimated or understated the complexity of the task . It has proved to be every bit of that . " "  There remains a very significant amount of complex still work to do , " he added . CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report	Lehman administrator in Europe says significant amount of work still to do Full amount owed to creditors may not be known until some time in 2010 Up to 500 people still work for Lehman in London , unwinding trading positions Lomas : "  This could well take more than 10 years to resolve "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- French scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart which is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes . The artificial heart based on satellite and airplane technology was presented in Paris . The device could save millions of lives and beats almost exactly like the real thing using electronic sensors to regulate heart rate and blood flow . Developers Carmat , funded by the European space and defense group EADS , presented the device at a press conference in Paris on Monday . Carmat 's chief operating officer Patrick Coulombier told The Associated Press : "  it 's the same principle in the airplane as in the body . " Coulombier explained that the same tiny sensors that measure air pressure and altitude in an airplane or satellite are also in the artificial heart . This should allow the device to respond immediately if the patient needs more or less blood . The French design has so far only been tested in animals , and now needs approval from its authorities before pushing ahead with clinical trials . Previous artificial hearts have been unable to automatically vary their pumping speed and must be tweaked externally . The French heart is also the most lifelike , with two pumps to send the blood into the lungs and the rest of the body , just like a real heart . Past artificial hearts have only had one pump . The French model is made from natural materials including polymer and pig tissue , which have already been used in heart valves implanted into people . The artificial heart would initially be for patients who had suffered a massive heart attack or who had heart failure , but might eventually be used in patients who are not that sick . Heart disease is the world 's top killer , claiming some 17 million lives a year . According to the American Heart Association , about 2,200 heart transplants were performed in the U.S. in 2006 . Thousands more patients would benefit if more donor hearts were available . The artificial heart is expected to cost about 150,000 euros or $ 192,140 .	French scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart The design is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes It could save millions of lives as heart disease kills 17 million a year
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Indian sports officials have downplayed fire-safety concerns at the venue for the final match of the 2011 Cricket World Cup in Mumbai , promising full compliance well before the April 2 event . Lalchand Rajput , joint secretary of Mumbai 's cricket association , told CNN on Friday that fire inspectors visited the city 's Wankhede Stadium two days ago . He acknowledged they did offer suggested improvements to follow . "  We are working on them . There will be full compliance , " Rajput said . Rajput insisted the venue had already been given a no-objection clearance by Mumbai authorities . He said he was confident the stadium would also get a fire-compliance certificate . Indian officials will hope the Mumbai venue does not have the same problems as Kolkata 's Eden Gardens , which was stripped of a World Cup match after it failed an inspection by the International Cricket Council due to a delay in construction work . The iconic stadium will still host three games next month . India is co-hosting the four-yearly tournament along with sub-continent neighbors Sri Lanka and Bangladesh , with the opening match taking place in Dhaka on Saturday . Wankhede Stadium will stage two Group A matches next month , with New Zealand playing Canada on March 13 and the Kiwis again facing Sri Lanka five days later . The tournament features 14 nations , spread across two round-robin groups , with the top four teams from each qualifying for the quarterfinals . There will be 48 matches played before the final , which will be a day-night match along with all the other knockout ties .	Fire officials visit Mumbai cricket stadium and offer suggestions ahead of World Cup Official says fire-safety concerns will be addressed well before the April 2 final India is co-hosting the tournament along with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh The first of 49 matches takes place in Dhaka on Saturday
A Chilean court has settled the question of how then-President Salvador Allende died , confirming that the leader took his own life in 1973 amid a coup . Questions over how Allende 's life ended culminated in his body being exhumed last year for forensic tests . An appeals court in Santiago on Monday upheld a judge 's ruling that the evidence confirmed the accounts in history texts -- that the leftist leader shot himself at the presidential palace as Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's troops closed in . The timing of the ruling is symbolic : Allende took his own life 39 years ago , on September 11 , 1973 . With the ruling , the case of Allende 's death is officially closed . Judge Mario Carroza ordered the exhumation of Allende 's remains last year as part of a massive investigation into more than 700 alleged human rights violations during Pinochet 's rule . Some of Allende 's supporters doubted the story of his suicide . There were theories that he was killed by the military , or by members of his own security service . "  With the goal of establishing the facts of the case , and motivated by the various versions about this episode that exist , lines of investigation were set and decreed , and all were carried out and every detail was satisfactory , " Carroza wrote in his ruling , handed down last December . The appeals court upheld his findings in a unanimous decision .	A court closes the case on the death of former Chilean President Salvador Allende Allende committed suicide as troops closed in on the presidential palace The ruling comes 39 years after his death
CNN  -- In the 1960s and 1970s , Big Tobacco was widely viewed as the model for effective special-interest lobbying . Bans on public smoking have been on the rise in recent years . "  My own view is that in many ways , the tobacco industry invented the kind of special-interest lobbying that has become so characteristic of the late 20th - and earlier 21st-century American politics , " said Allan Brandt , dean of Harvard 's Graduate School of Arts and Sciences . The industry was known for its giant spending on political campaigns and effective lobbyists . The industry 's representatives often had experience in politics or close ties to major power players . "  Today obviously , that lobby is much less powerful and successful than it was a generation ago , " said Brandt , author of "  The Cigarette Century : The Rise , Fall , and Deadly Persistence of the Product That Defined America . " The industry is now facing regulation by the Food and Drug Administration , and although one major cigarette company supported the FDA bill , the legislation is widely viewed as a sign that tobacco is finding fewer friends in Washington . The lobby began to lose power as the industry lost credibility , Brandt said . In the 1950s and 1960s , the lobby centered attention on the notion that the science of tobacco was uncertain , and it called into question each medical and scientific finding that came out as it continued to spend "  boatloads " of money in Congress , Brandt noted . In 1964 , the surgeon general report officially recognized the health risks of tobacco . At the time , about 42 percent of adults in the United States smoked , compared with about 20 percent today . At the time , cigarettes were hardly viewed as the enemy . Tobacco companies sponsored game shows and cartoons , and cigarette ads featured endorsements from doctors , dentists and celebrities . Congress in 1965 required that all cigarette packages carry warning labels , ones that were made under the surgeon general 's name five years later . By 1970 , television and radio advertisements were banned . By 1988 , smoking was banned on U.S. flights two hours or less , and 10 years later , all U.S. carrier flights became smoke-free . Wayne McLaren , who appeared in the "  Marlboro Man " ads , developed lung cancer in the late 1980s and started an anti-smoking campaign . Shortly before cancer took his life in 1992 , a television ad ran showing images of him as a handsome cowboy next to those of him in his hospital bed . Five years later , under pressure from the public and Congress , the R.J. Reynolds Co. voluntarily ended its use of "  Joe the Camel " as the mascot for Camel cigarettes . A 1991 study published in The Journal of the American Medical Association found that 6-year-olds could just as easily recognize Joe the Camel as Mickey Mouse . As skepticism from the public crept up , Big Tobacco 's power began to erode . The industry was hit with a big blow in 1998 when it agreed to a $ 206 billion master settlement with 46 states , the largest settlement in U.S. history . The case settled Medicaid lawsuits against the top tobacco companies . The 40-year-old Tobacco Institute and the Committee for Tobacco Research -- the public relations organ and the funder of tobacco research -- were disbanded as a part of the settlement . And just last month , in what Brandt considers "  one of the most significant racketeering and fraud litigations " the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit upheld U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler 's ruling in a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations , or RICO , case , which found the tobacco industry guilty of engaging in a decades-long conspiracy to defraud the American public about the health risks of tobacco . "  Given the character of Kessler 's findings -- and now the fact that her findings have been upheld by the appeals court -- this is really in a way a road map to tobacco regulation , " Brandt said . Stanton Glantz , a longtime anti-tobacco advocate and director of the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at the University of California , San Francisco , said the RICO ruling is what the public health community should use in its fight against the tobacco industry . "  I think it really can undermine the power of the industry politically by going to politicians and saying , ` These guys are crooks . They are crooks according to the D.C. Court of Appeals . Not just me , ' " Glantz said . More than 30 states -- including North Carolina , the nation 's top tobacco producer -- have passed full or partial bans on smoking in public places . In North Carolina , such a move would have been unheard of just several years ago , with Sen. Jesse Helms in power . Republican Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi -- a former tobacco lobbyist -- also recently approved a 277 percent hike on his state 's cigarette tax . Under the FDA regulation , warning labels on packages soon will show pictures of the harmful effects of tobacco . As public opinion increasingly sides with the public health community , the tobacco lobby has been losing some of its support in the nation 's capital . The Bush administration was widely considered a friend of the tobacco industry . Some of Bush 's top staffers had backgrounds in tobacco , including senior adviser Karl Rove , who once worked with Philip Morris . Tobacco has since lost some of its strongest advocates , including Helms , who died last summer . Now , Democrats hold both chambers of Congress and the White House . President Obama was a co-sponsor of the FDA regulation legislation when he was in the Senate , and his administration has demonstrated a commitment to tobacco control . Many of today 's top leaders in Congress are also strong tobacco-control advocates . But despite the restrictions , there are more than 40 million smokers in the United States -- and that 's still a viable industry . Despite what it sees as setbacks from the FDA bill , Reynolds plans to "  energetically continue to compete " for adult smokers , said Maura Payne , vice president of communications for Reynolds American Inc. . And Philip Morris , which had a role in crafting the FDA legislation , said there could be more competition for new manufacturers as a market emerges for "  reduced-harm products . " Tobacco companies have shown their influence is still felt , even this year . Even though 79 senators voted for final passage of the FDA legislation , it took two months and three cloture votes to get it off the Senate floor .  Freshman Sen. Kay Hagan of North Carolina was the only Democrat to vote against it . As the tobacco industry tries to adapt to the changing market , Brandt predicts it will look to where it can operate in an unregulated environment . "  The future of this industry has been to move its product offshore and to aggressively attempt to open new markets to cigarettes and to really play out what it did in the United States in the 20th century , now in countries in the developing world , " he said , noting that the biggest profits for tobacco as a global industry are "  not likely to be in more affluent and highly regulated economies . " Although the industry has been fractured in the United States , Brandt said he anticipates a long road ahead for the public health community . "  I think these are victories in what have been called the tobacco wars , but the tobacco wars are anything but over , " he said .	Tobacco industry once known for big spending on campaigns , effective lobbyists As public opinion has turned on Big Tobacco , courts and Congress has too Despite moves against industry , "  tobacco wars are anything but over , " author says
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso has vowed to keep fighting for the Formula One world championship ahead of the Italian marque 's home grand prix at Monza this weekend . Two-time drivers ' champion Alonso is currently third in the 2011 standings , 102 points behind Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel in first position with seven rounds of the season remaining . Alonso , 30 , will also be under pressure to deliver a positive result for the thousands of Ferrari fans who will be in attendance for Sunday 's race . "  The championship situation is even more difficult after Spa , in that there is one race less to go and the gap to the leaders has grown a bit more , " the Spaniard told Ferrari 's official web site . "  We have to be realistic but we will never give up . We did not give up in the past and we will not do it now . It is easy to maintain a high level of motivation , because we tackle every grand prix wanting and trying to win . " As well as chasing the drivers ' title , former McLaren driver Alonso is eager to try and help Ferrari overhaul a 195-point deficit to Red Bull in the constructors ' championship . "  There is further motivation in the constructors ' championship , " Alonso said . "  There are more possibilities and we will try and do well right up to the last moment . " Alonso , who claimed the drivers ' crown in 2005 and 2006 while at Renault , experience his first Italian Grand Prix as a member of the Ferrari team in 2010 . "  Pole , fastest lap and race win , but this time with Ferrari , " Alonso said of his victory last year . "  I especially enjoyed being on the podium seeing about 20 thousand people in front of me on the track with Ferrari flags : a difficult image to forget . " Sunday 's race will represent the last European grand prix of 2011 , with the Formula One world tour moving onto Singapore later this month .	Fernando Alonso has said he will keep fighting for the F1 world title Alonso will race for Ferrari at their home grand prix at Monza this weekend The Spaniard is 102 points behind Sebastian Vettel in the drivers ' standings
CNN  -- Australia has won the Ashes -- now it wants to rub salt in English wounds by pulling off a whitewash . Tuesday 's victory in Perth gave Australia an unassailable 3-0 lead with two games remaining -- two games in which it will attempt to exact revenge on an England side which has dominated the Ashes in recent years . Having lost the previous three Ashes series , Australia was expected to put up a brave fight against an England side which triumphed 3-0 on home soil only a few months ago . Instead , it produced a performance full of courage , vigor and quality -- blowing England away with a level of cricket which simply proved too aggressive and intense for the touring side . Victory in Perth by 150 runs ensured the Ashes urn returned to Australia after a 1,577 day absence and left captain Michael Clarke with even more reason to celebrate his 100th Test match appearance . "  This is a special feeling , " Clarke told reporters after sealing his first Ashes series win as skipper . "  You wo n't find one guy in the changing room , player or support staff , who wo n't say this is the pinnacle , playing Test cricket against England . "  I am going to enjoy 3-0 for as long as I can tonight . I am going to enjoy this feeling , but I can guarantee you there wo n't be any complacency . "  We will turn up in Melbourne 100 % ready to go and be doing everything we have done in the first three Test matches . " Australia will now be aiming to produce a repeat of the 2006-7 series when it defeated England 5-0 in a humiliating whitewash . That defeat signaled a period of introspection into English cricket with the publication of the Schofield report -- a 19-step guide to improving the national team . Since then England has improved rapidly , winning three Ashes series in succession in 2009 , 2010-11 and 2013 . In August 2011 it became the top ranked side in Test match cricket -- but it has struggled since being replaced by South Africa at the summit in 2012 . Its 2013 3-0 home victory over Australia was far from convincing with England 's batsmen coming in for particular criticism . The team 's failings , particularly with the bat , have been greatly exposed by an Australian side led by the fast bowling of Mitchell Johnson . Johnson has taken 23 wickets in the opening three Tests after failing to make the squad for the previous Ashes series . Only Ben Stokes , 22 , has managed a century for the tourists in the opening three Test matches . England , which lost Jonathan Trott to a stress-related illness following the first Test defeat at Brisbane , has failed to reach 400 in a single innings since it faced New Zealand in Wellington in March 2013 . Here , against a rampant Australian bowling attack , it wilted like the England teams of old , which were so often brushed aside . Needing an unlikely 506 in its second innings to win the contest at Perth 's WACA stadium , it fell 150 runs short despite a magnificent 120 from newcomer Stokes . It means England will now head into the Boxing Day clash at the Melbourne Cricket Ground with only pride to play for . "  The simple fact of the matter is we have n't had enough players in form with either bat or ball , " captain Alastair Cook told reporters . "  You ca n't put it any more honest than that , and people in the dressing room know that . "  It hurts like hell when you come into a contest and you end up being second best . " The two teams will meet in the fourth Test at the MCG on December 26 before moving on to Sydney for the final contest on Friday January 3 .	Australia has won the Ashes following victory in Perth Host nation leads the five-match series 3-0 Australia had not won the Ashes since it defeated England 5-0 in 2006-7 England beaten by 150 runs in Perth to concede series
CNN  -- Authorities have identified three of the four women found dead this month in two incidents in Detroit , an investigator with the Wayne County Medical Examiner 's Office said Friday . Three of the women have been linked to a website that accepts ads for escort services , police have said . In the latest case , one of the two women found early Christmas Day in the trunk of a car that had been set afire was identified as Vernithea McCrary , 28 , the investigator said . The second victim remains unidentified , said the investigator , who asked not to be identified because he is not allowed to speak on the record to the news media . The bodies of two other women found December 19 have been identified as Demesha Hunt , 24 , and Renisha Landers , 23 . They were found in the trunk of Landers ' Chrysler 300 . Causes of death for the four women were pending toxicology results , which typically take six to eight weeks to be completed , the investigator said . The process of identification can be difficult . "  People hear of someone that is discovered that we bring down here and they call down here and inform us that someone is missing , " the investigator said . "  They give us a description and then they come down if they can be viewed and are recognizable . If not , we ask them to bring a set of dental records for comparison . " The deaths are being treated as the work of one person or group of people , Detroit 's police chief said Tuesday . "  At this point , we are working it as one case or one suspect or set of suspects , " Chief Ralph L. Godbee told CNN . "  There are too many common links for us not to , at this point , work this as one single investigation . " Among those links , he said , is the fact that three of the women had placed online ads dealing with "  prearranged adult dating services " and posted on backpage.com , Godbee told reporters Monday . "  We felt it is imperative to alert the public that deciding to meet unknown persons via the Internet can be extremely dangerous , " Godbee said . But a lawyer for backpage.com , Steve Suskin , said it was not clear that his company 's website was involved . "  Our team has already provided the police with detailed information about the ads that the suspect or others posted on numerous web sites . Law enforcement authorities now have evidence that the investigation appears to connect to at least 30 different ads or other postings on at least 15 different websites , separate and distinct from ours , " Suskin said . "  We are not aware of the existence of any evidence that would indicate which of these many sites were used by the suspect to establish contact with his victims . " Backpage representatives have been cooperating with police , the police chief said . Postings on the escort section of the website cost $ 1 . Referring to the advertisements on the website as "  borderline prostitution , " Godbee said that his priorities lie elsewhere . "  Right now , we want to get to the bottom of how these four individuals passed away , and who had a hand in their demise , " he said .	One of the two bodies found Christmas Day has been identified Three of the four women are linked to a website that accepts ads for escort services Lawyer : Not clear website was involved in deaths
