CNN  The overturned convertible was smoldering , when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway . The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious . Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame , they scrambled to save her , while a police dash cam rolled . CNN obtained the footage from affiliate WPIX . Kinnelon Police Officers Mark Ehrenburg and Ricky Ferriola cut the seat belt from her , then dragged the woman 's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care . Not a minute later , flames licked out of the car . Two more minutes -- an explosion . All three were lucky to escape the flames . The rescue started when someone reported an erratic driver on Thursday , and the officers sped off to investigate . When they pulled up at the scene , the 2006 Toyota Solara convertible was already a smoking wreck . Its horn was blaring . The officers ran over to the flipped over car , and shouted over the honking horn at the driver , "  Can you hear me ? " No response , not even a gesture , the video showed . It took them two minutes to cut off the seat belt , as smoke kept rising . Once they had her in safety , the officers hooked the driver up to a defibrillator and started CPR . The woman , identified by the Kinnelon Police Department as Dawn Milosky , 45 , of Beachwood , New Jersey , was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center and survived . She 's been charged with driving while intoxicated , having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle , reckless driving and with failure to stay in her lane , according to WPIX . Kinnelon Police Sgt. Chris Carbone told WPIX that they released the video to show that the driver may have died , if others had not informed the police . As for his colleagues ' bravery , he said , "  A lot of times , we do n't think of our own safety doing this job . " CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report	The overturned car was smoldering on a New Jersey roadway when police arrived It burst into flames shortly after they pulled out the unconscious driver
MacDill Air Force Base , Florida  CNN  -- The names of two people who tried Monday to enter MacDill Air Force Base with unauthorized weapons were released by officials Tuesday . The individuals were identified as Army Spc. Christopher Paul Kilburn based at Fort Riley , Kansas , and civilian Micah Noel Goodier of Palm Beach , Florida . Kilburn , who was on AWOL status from the Army , has been charged with desertion , a release from the air base said . He is being turned over to Army authorities , and additional charges are pending , the air base said . Potential charges against Goodier will be determined by the U.S. Attorney 's Office , the air base said . Earlier , officials said a man and a woman tried to enter the base using fraudulent identifications , Vice Commander Col. David Cohen said at a news conference Tuesday . All gates at the base reopened Tuesday . They were temporarily closed after the heavily armed man and woman were taken into custody after trying to enter the facility without authorization . The pair were stopped early Monday evening at a gate at the base , which houses the headquarters for U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , Senior Airman Katherine Holt said . A search of the vehicle after they were detained revealed three handguns and three "  rifle-style " weapons , Cohen said . The investigation was ongoing , he said . The incident was not being investigated as a terrorist threat , Cohen said . Authorities cordoned off the pair 's sport-utility vehicle and searched it using a robot , but no explosives were found . Video showed base personnel removing weapons , ammunition and military-style clothing from the vehicle , which was later towed away . The Tampa , Florida , installation houses the headquarters of U.S. Central Command , which runs the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , as well as the U.S. Special Operations Command . CNN 's Adam Levine and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : First person is identified as Army Spc. Christopher Paul Kilburn of Fort Riley , Kansas NEW : The other is identified as civilian Micah Noel Goodier of Palm Beach , Florida Kilburn , who was on AWOL status from the Army , has been charged with desertion Searchers found weapons , ammunition , military-style clothing and gear
It 's been a month since violent clashes between opposition demonstrators and government forces in Venezuela first grabbed global attention . Protests rage on , and demonstrators show no sign of backing down . Medical sources at a hospital in Venezuela 's Carabobo state said a student protester and a 42-year-old man were killed in clashes there Wednesday . State media accused violent right-wing groups of attacking a worker 's march there . In a Twitter post , state Gov. Francisco Ameliach said a national guard captain had been killed in fighting , which he described as "  terrorism . " A government tally released Tuesday said at least 23 people had been killed nationwide and more than 200 others have been injured since protests started . The tally did not specify whether the casualties occurred among demonstrators or government forces , or both . Student protesters on both sides packed streets in Caracas Wednesday . State-run VTV showed pro-government demonstrators waving flags with the face of former President Hugo Chavez as they marched . Opposition student protesters also marched in the country 's capital , CNN affiliate Globovision reported , calling for the resignation of the government 's ombudsman . Violence surged this week in Tachira state , which borders Colombia . Government forces shot tear gas at opposition barricades there , and a well-known student leader was gunned down Monday . Daniel Tinoco , 24 , was a university student studying mechanical engineering . He died after he was shot in the chest . Witnesses told CNN en Español that they were at a peaceful vigil with Tinoco in the city of San Cristobal when two white trucks with 10 armed passengers ambushed the protesters and open fire . The witnesses accused government intelligence services of being complicit in the shooting . Authorities have said they 're investigating and denied reports that a government vehicle was involved in the shooting . The weeks of protests across Venezuela mark the biggest threat President Nicolas Maduro has faced since his election last year . Demonstrators say they have taken to the streets to protest shortages of goods , high inflation and high crime . Opposition protesters and government officials have traded blame for the violence for weeks . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last week , Maduro was unapologetic about his government 's response to opposition protesters . Think about what the U.S. government would do if a political group laid out a road map for overthrowing President Barack Obama , Maduro said . "  What would happen in the United States if a group said they were going to start something in the United States so that President Obama leaves , resigns , to change the constitutional government of the United States ? " Maduro said . "  Surely , the state would react , would use all the force that the law gives it to re-establish order and to put those who are against the Constitution where they belong . " An opposition leader who encouraged protests , Leopoldo Lopez , remains behind bars , facing charges of arson and conspiracy . "  He created a road map to topple the legitimate government , " Maduro told CNN last week . "  So now he 's in jail and he has to go through justice . " But opposition demonstrators have argued that the government 's approach of tamping down dissent is anything but just . "  No one accepts a monologue nor impositions from a government that has wanted to resolve the crisis with deaths , injuries , tortures , detentions and prisoners , " opposition leader Henrique Capriles Radonski said in a Twitter post Wednesday . After a meeting in Santiago , Chile , to discuss the crisis in Venezuela , foreign ministers from the Union of South American Nations said they would send a special commission to support and advise a process of peaceful political dialogue in Venezuela . The group will have its first meeting by the first week in April , the statement said . The foreign ministers from Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador , Guyana , Paraguay , Peru , Suriname and Uruguay condemned the recent violence in Venezuela and expressed their solidarity "  with the families of the victims , with the people and with the democratically elected government of this sister nation . " In remarks broadcast on state-run VTV Tuesday night , Maduro said he would welcome a delegation from the regional body to help encourage dialogue in Venezuela . At a U.S. House hearing Wednesday , Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. government is prepared to sanction Venezuela if the situation worsens , but he also cautioned that the country 's economy is already fragile . While the United States has voiced its concerns , other countries in the region are "  not listening to us , particularly , obviously , " Kerry said . The Venezuelan government has continued efforts to blame the United States for problems there , he said , which makes it hard for "  us to be able to have the impact we 'd like to have . " But still , Kerry said he hoped peer pressure from other South American nations could help resolve the crisis . "  I think the best hope right now is that the efforts of the neighboring countries , who are deeply concerned about what is happening and its impact on the region , may , may be able to encourage the kind of dialogue that could actually pave a way forward , " he said . "  We 've become an excuse . We 're a card they play . " Venezuela cuts ties with Panama , calling country a ` lackey ' for the U.S.	Three people are killed in clashes in Carabobo state South American foreign ministers say they 're sending a commission to Venezuela Venezuela 's government says 23 people have been killed in a month of demonstrations Student protesters on both sides pack the streets in Caracas
CNN  -- Tennis star Novak Djokovic is doing it , Chris Gayle could n't stop doing it at the T20 World Cup and millions around the world are bouncing up and down to the Korean dance craze . Now it is Formula One 's turn to go "  Gangnam Style " . The hit song by South Korean rapper Psy has become a global sensation , racking up over 400 million views on YouTube and introducing a set of dance moves which have transfixed the planet . And now the 34-year-old K-pop star will have the honor of waving the checkered flag at this weekend 's Korean Grand Prix . Psy , named an ambassador for the race in Yeongam , will also perform the smash hit which has topped the UK charts and reached No. 2 in the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States . "  I look forward to bringing Gangnam Style to the glamorous world of F1 , and welcome everyone to Korea for this great race ! " Psy told Formula One 's official website . The worldwide success of "  Gangnam Style " has given Psy unprecedented exposure . He has featured on a host of U.S. chat shows including The Today Show , Saturday Night Live and The Ellen DeGeneres Show . Sunday 's grand prix will not be Psy 's first appearance at a sporting event . He was in the crowd for August 's baseball game between Los Angeles Dodgers and San Francisco Giants at Dodger Stadium . Psy was spotted in the stands and his hit song was pumped out over the loudspeakers .	Psy set to perform global smash hit "  Gangnam Style " at Korean GP The video for the song has racked up over 400 million views on YouTube The 34-year-old K-pop star will also wave the checkered flag at this weekend 's race Psy 's record reached No. 2 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Torrential rains moved walls of rock and mud Friday in Southern California , burying homes in one neighborhood , closing a coastal highway and prompting evacuations of foothill communities imperiled by landslides . The damage marked the second day of a fierce storm slamming the Pacific Coast that , in California , served to trade one natural disaster for another , namely the state 's record drought of the past three years . At a minimum , the biggest storm in years slaked the dry earth , but it is coming at a high price for many people . Mudslides swarmed or threatened homes near recent hillside fires . Ten homes in the Camarillo Springs area were damaged and red-tagged as uninhabitable after a mudslide crashed into a subdivision and piled rocks almost as high as roof lines , authorities said . An elderly couple needed to be rescued after they stayed in their home despite a voluntary evacuation order and suddenly found water and earth plowing into their bedroom , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . "  It just came pouring in , so I told my wife just stay in bed , " the man told the affiliate after he was rescued . "  I could just feel the mud ... there must be 3 or 4 feet of mud in there . " Firefighters carried the couple to safety , uninjured . "  I 'm OK , " the man told the station . Later Friday , Jim and Grace Shiraishi 's son called his parents ' survival of the landslide as "  pretty darn amazing . " "  It gets you by surprise , " son Jim Shiraishi said . Swift water recovery and rescue Firefighters in Orange County conducted a rescue in the swift waters of a flood channel in Garden Grove . The man being rescued , however , appeared to be dead and was stuck on a central pillar of a ditch tunnel , said Lt. Ben Stauffer of the Garden Grove Police Department . The victim was identified as 34-year-old Garden Grove resident Mario Alberto Hernandez . Detectives were investigating the circumstances of his death , Stauffer said . A pedestrian discovered Hernandez 's body in the channel , he said . Meanwhile , Los Angeles firefighters rescued two people who were clinging to trees in the Los Angeles River , and they were in fair condition in a local hospital , the fire department said Friday . Evacuations Residents piled sandbags outside their homes near where the so-called Colby Fire scorched 1,952 acres in Angeles National Forest in January near Glendora and Azusa . Glendora imposed a mandatory evacuation on unspecified homes in the Colby Fire Impact Area . Meanwhile , Azusa issued a voluntary evacuation order for its residents in the burn area , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Flooding , rocks and mud closed parts of the scenic Pacific Coast Highway from Monterey County down to Huntington Beach , the California Department of Transportation said . Northern California recovering The Bay Area and other pockets of California began returning to normal Friday after the tempest doused exceptionally drought-stricken California with water , causing street and moderate river flooding , and producing blizzard-like conditions in the Sierra Nevada . The storm took a deadly toll further up the coast . Falling trees killed two people in Oregon and left a third seriously injured . At one point , the combination of powerful winds and battering rains knocked power out to 225,000 customers from Northern California to the Canadian border . Inundating rain The rain intensity in Northern California on Thursday was reminiscent of a tropical shower in some places , a biblical deluge in others . Nearly 2.5 inches doused the San Francisco Bay Area , but north of there , just beyond wine country , 14.6 inches washed down on the Petrified Forest . The rain will put a dent in a historic three-year drought that has sapped reservoirs , threatening farmers and driving up food prices . "  We need it , but I wish it would come more evenly spread out , instead of all in one night , " said Kim Cheadle , who commuted from Marin County but found her San Francisco office building closed Thursday . An ` atmospheric river ' Much of the moisture , at least along the California coast , comes from an "  atmospheric river , " a band of heavily moist air that split off from a larger such band in the tropics . It 's as if a river in the sky spilled its banks , sending a new tributary 250 to 400 miles wide northeastward to California . Such atmospheric river drenchings in California are rare but also normal and necessary , the National Weather Service said . They 're how the parched state gets up to 50 % of its annual rainfall . The current "  river " has been around since late November and already soaked the state last week . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Dave Alsup , Topher Gauk-Roger and Erica Henry contributed to this report . Ben Brumfield wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles . Dan Simon and Sara Weisfeldt reported from San Francisco .	Firefighters rescue two people clinging to trees in Los Angeles River Police investigate an apparent death in rushing waters of flood channel Two killed by falling trees in Oregon Evacuation orders are issued for foothill communities near earlier burned areas
CNN  -- Negotiations between NFL owners and the players union on a new collective bargaining agreement were given a 24-hour extension Thursday , according to a statement from the league . "  The NFL and NFL Players Association have agreed to extend the expiration of the  collective bargaining agreement  for 24 hours and continue negotiating under the direction " of federal mediator George Cohen , the statement said . "  The agreement by both sides to refrain from comment on the negotiations remains in place . " Representatives of the players and owners have been meeting in Washington . "  I just want to say to all of our fans who dig our game , we appreciate your patience while we work through this , " said NFL Players Association Executive Director DeMaurice Smith . "  We 're going to keep working . We want to play football . " Without a last-minute agreement or the extension of the deadline , the NFL Players Association had been expected to decertify on Thursday afternoon -- meaning it would stop being the collective bargaining agent for the players . By decertifying , the union would clear the way for the players to file an antitrust lawsuit if the owners lock out the players as soon as Friday , after the current contract expires . All of that would mean the first NFL work stoppage since 1987 and the likelihood of months of labor and legal maneuvering for football fans already confused about how a $ 9 billion industry lacks enough money to satisfy everyone . Even if there is a lockout , the NFL draft would proceed as scheduled on April 28-30 , the league says . All other regular off-season activity would cease , threatening to delay or cancel the start of the 2011 season now scheduled for September 8 . Asked about the talks , President Obama said Thursday that the parties ought to be able to figure out how to split the revenue and keep fans happy . "  You 've got owners , most of whom are worth close to a billion dollars , you 've got players who are making millions of dollars , " he said during a joint news conference with visiting Mexican President Felipe Calderon . "  My working assumption , at a time when people are having to cut back , compromise and worry about making the mortgage and paying for their kids ' college education is that the two parties should be able to work it out without the president of the United States intervening . " Currently , the owners take about $ 1 billion off the top of league revenue , and the players get 60 percent of the rest . For a new contract , the owners want to double their take off the top to $ 2 billion , with the players continuing to get 60 percent of the rest . The NFL generated $ 9.3 billion in revenue in 2010 . Other issues include a proposal by the owners to increase the regular season schedule to 18 games from the current 16 . The overall number of games per season , including exhibition games , would remain at the current 20 . The players ' union questions why the owners should get additional money up front and challenges the league 's 32 teams to fully open their financial records . The owners , who say they are not legally obligated to provide full financial disclosure , argue they are looking out for the long-term stability of the franchises and the league . If there is a lockout , players wo n't get their salaries or bonuses , and if the shutdown forces the league to cancel games next season , the NFL estimates a loss of $ 400 million in revenue each week . Another possible scenario from the talks would have Cohen declare an impasse that would automatically extend the rules of the expiring collective bargaining agreement . Such an impasse can only occur if neither side takes steps to halt the negotiations , such as the union decertifying or the owners declaring a lockout .	Negotiations extension averts lockout , for now NFL owners and players are negotiating a new collective bargaining agreement A federal mediator is overseeing the talks Without an agreement , a lockout and litigation are likely
CNN  -- The family of Kendrick Johnson has sued a south Georgia school district claiming it was negligent in protecting their son from harassment and bullying , which they contend led to his death . Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in the Lowndes High School gymnasium on January 11 , 2013 . The lawsuit was filed in State Superior Court on Tuesday . It alleges that Lowndes County Board of Education was negligent and violated Johnson 's constitutional right to equal protection based on race . Johnson was African-American . Investigators with the Sheriff 's Office ruled his death accidental -- concluding that Johnson climbed into the center of the gym mat to reach for a shoe and got stuck . Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson believe that their son was beaten to death . They hired an independent pathologist , who found "  unexplained apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to the teen 's neck and concluded the death was a homicide . The U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia launched a federal investigation into the case on October 31 , 2013 . An attorney for Lowndes County Schools had not returned CNN 's request for comment by Tuesday evening . Sheriff 's office : Claim of confession in Johnson 's death not credible	School district failed to protect Kendrick Johnson from bullying , lawsuit claims The teen was found dead in January 2013 in a rolled-up mat in his high school gym A sheriff 's office investigation ruled the death accidental An independent pathologist hired by Johnson 's parents ruled it a homicide
In fresh evidence the threat of violence in Mali -- and , specifically , attacks directed at international forces -- has n't gone away , two U.N. peacekeepers died and nine others were hurt in a suicide attack Saturday , the U.N. mission there said . The U.N. mission in the West African nation is there to guard against militant Islamists , which have been in the country for years and recently threatened to move on the capital , Bamako . While there was no immediate claim of responsibility , the recent spate of attacks suggests such a threat is still very real -- especially when one considers that Saturday 's attack is the third against U.N. personnel in the past week . A motorist Saturday targeted a U.N. patrol base in Ber , a village in northern Mali not far from Timbuktu . Two U.N. peacekeepers were seriously wounded when their vehicle struck a mine on Thursday , and another peacekeeper was hurt in a separate mine incident , MINUSMA said . "  Such violence is senseless , the MINUSMA pays too much of a toll in Mali , " David Gressly , deputy special representative of the secretary-general , said in a statement . "  These attacks reinforce our determination to continue our mission alongside the Malian people . " Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali in 2012 , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . Islamist militants take advantage of chaos These forces -- including al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- began advancing toward Bamako in early 2013 . Their initial success prompted international military intervention that included forces from Chad and France , which was Mali 's former colonial ruler . With fighting on the ground and airstrikes from above , these allied forces managed to significantly stymy the Islamist extremist fighters . France : Senior Islamist militant killed in Mali Protesters lash out at peacekeepers in Central African Republic Dozens killed in attack on peacekeepers ' base in South Sudan	U.N. : In addition to the 2 killed , 9 are wounded in a suicide attack near Timbuktu It is the third time there have been casualties among U.N. personnel in past week Militants took advantage of post-coup chaos in 2012 , spurring international intervention
CNN  -- For most designers , good design is neither just a well-functioning object nor a good-looking object , but rather both . I say both , as the simultaneity is crucial so that function and appearance support each other and , when done well , in a sense become indistinguishable . In designing products , we consider these two attributes -- along with other factors such as budget , material capability and consumer response -- and add them to the mixture that constitutes design . What Steve Jobs did was to add yet another element : innovative marketing . Have you ever been in an Apple Store that is n't packed with people "  just browsing ? " They are there to soak up whatever Apple is and does . Who would ever have thought that bulky , wooden Parsons tables would be enough ? But you can bet on one thing : Jobs did not go to market research groups to find the answer . He knew that all each store would need , beyond its terrific merchandise , were bare essentials . Think about it : He did n't need flashing neon , he did n't need hip tunes blaring so that you could n't hear each other , he did n't need wild colors or expensive materials . He simply needed a clean space with a sales force of people , each wearing an Apple T-shirt . I gasp whenever I see , in a newspaper or magazine , a new restaurant where the designer has opted for outrage in his or her need to be the next cutting-edge idea , forgetting that the customer might just want a good place to eat with friends . I imagine that Jobs would not have had a hand in that type of scenario . He might simply have said , "  It 's not that difficult . After all , it 's just about dinner . " Share your memories of Steve Jobs Designers often neglect the essence of innovation when they are overwhelmed with the requirements of the product they are designing . The Apple Store design , the product design , the hardware design and software design all come down to innovation -- something not tried before . I am reminded of an apocryphal story about Pablo Picasso . Two frumpy ladies were standing in front of a cubist portrait of Gertrude Stein , or at least the label said "  Gertrude Stein . " One woman turned to her friend and said , "  It does n't look like Gertrude Stein . " Whereupon Picasso , who happened to be standing behind them , said in a prophetic tone , "  It will . " In a commencement address to Stanford University graduates that 's been widely televised since his death , Jobs revealed something about himself that I , too , have felt intensely since I suffered paralysis . Of course , being aware that his illness would limit his time , he said that he wanted every day to be spent making a contribution . One imagines that Jobs , given how much he loved doing what he did , wanted to leave this world exhausted from his passion for his life 's work , for that 's all that would give him rest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Graves .	Designer Michael Graves says Steve Jobs added innovation to the designer 's tool kit He says Jobs recognized clean , well-staffed stores were all that was needed to show products Jobs was aware illness would limit his time , wanted each day to make a contribution , he says Graves : Jobs wanted to leave this world exhausted from his passion for his life 's work
EW.com  -- There 's no replacing Bill Murray , Dan Aykroyd , and Harold Ramis as the original "  Ghostbusters , " but if you were staging a one-night-only live version of the classic comedy , well ... whom might one contact ? Seth Rogen , Jack Black , and Rainn Wilson are going to cross the streams . The event is one of the monthly live-reads of a famous movie script organized by "  Juno " and "  Up in the Air " filmmaker Jason Reitman , who â $ " of course â $ " has a family connection to this story . His father , Ivan Reitman , directed "  Ghostbusters " and he remembers hanging around on the set as a little kid . But even he was surprised when he went back and looked at the original script of the movie for Thursday night 's reading at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art . COLLECT ALL 4 HOBBIT COVERS : When you subscribe to EW ! It turns out , Murray was making it all up as he went along . "  While almost all of the dialogue in original screenplay is echoed on screen , the Venkman character is completely improvised . It 's as if Bill Murray was given a mumblecore-style essay about each scene and then permitted to say whatever he wanted as long as he got the point across , " Reitman tells EW . "  He slimed me " is in the script , but not the follow-up line : "  I feel so funky . " And remember Venkman 's magician act ? It 's not in the script . "  He 's like a jazz musician who knows , ' I have eight measures here and have to hit this note here and as long as I follow those rules everything else is up to me , ' " Reitman says . Did that drive his father crazy ? Reitman laughs and says : "  This was his third movie with Bill . They 'd made Meatballs , and done Stripes together . He was already familiar with those improvisation skills . " In creating the script for the Film Independent live-read this week , Reitman 's father got him the original script , as well as a transcription of the finished movie . He found himself adding many of the improvisations to the page , while still trying to preserve some of the original lines , which have never been heard before . "  Every important Venkman line is back in there , and there are about 30 of those , " Reitman says . "  You ca n't have Ghostbusters without ` We came , we saw , we kicked its ass . ' " It 's not just the memorable one-liners that Murray added . "  It 's the strange nuances , " Reitman notes . "  For example , Venkman goes to meet -LSB- Sigourney Weaver 's -RSB- Dana at Lincoln Center and she 's talking to a man . As he walks away , Venkman goes , ` I 'm sorry you and I did n't get more of a chance to chat ! ' He expresses vulnerability and ego in a way that is kind of impossible to write . " That leads us to Reitman 's choices on the live event 's casting : Seth Rogen as Peter Venkman "  It 's the most crucial and tricky piece of casting . I knew we needed an actor whose rhythms were equally unique to Bill Murray 's and had that kind of a swagger . " Jack Black as Ray Stantz "  When you think about Dan Aykroyd as Ray Stantz , you think about this positive enthusiasm and energy . No one has that like Jack Black . " Rainn Wilson as Egon Spengler "  As originated by Harold Ramis , this part needs someone with an earnest , scientific mind and clear-cut decisive humor . " The role of Winston Zeddmore , originated by Ernie Hudson , will be played by comedian and voice actor Phil LaMarr , best known for the role of Marvin in "  Pulp Fiction . "  Yeah , poor , shot-in-the-face Marvin . Weaver 's role of Dana Barrett , a.k.a. . The Gatekeeper will be played by Kristen Bell , while Kevin Pollak will play both the mayor of New York City and the fussy EPA idiot Walter "  This man has no dâ $ " k " Peck . "  Larry King and Casey Kasem both lent their voices to the original film , and Kevin does great impressions of both of them , " Reitman adds . Mae Whitman of Parenthood will take over the role of the "  Ghostbusters ' " receptionist Janine Melnitz , originated by Annie Potts , while Paul Rust  Inglourious Basterds , I Love You Beth Cooper  will perform the Rick Moranis part of Louis "  The Keymaster " Tully . Paul Scheer will fill out the rest of the cast with such roles as the guy taking the psychic test at the beginning of the film -- and being mercilessly electrocuted by Venkman . Reitman has previously staged Film Independent LACMA live-reads of "  The Apartment , " "  The Princess Bride , " "  The Big Lebowski " and "  The Breakfast Club , " but this is the first time he has done one of his father 's films . "  It was a part of my life growing up . I just thought it would be fun , " the younger Reitman says . "  I have one of the original Ghostbuster guns in my house . That is the one thing they want to see , and want to take a photo with . I understand the energy around that film . To me it 's similar to The Princess Bride live-read we did last year . People have a relationship with the film that goes beyond normal movies . " The live-reads always sell out long before the film is even announced , but there is usually a wait-list outside and some people get lucky . For information about attending the event , check out LACMA 's website . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Seth Rogen , Jack Black , and Rainn Wilson will do a live read of "  Ghostbusters " "  Juno " and "  Up in the Air " filmmaker Jason Reitman organized the event Reitman 's father , Ivan , directed the original film
CNN  -- A struggling German soccer team is offering a refund to its fans who traveled to another city to watch it suffer a 4-0 loss . Cottbus are second from the bottom of the German Bundesliga . More than 600 Energie Cottbus supporters saw their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games when it received a 4-0 drubbing Friday at the hands of another team , Schalke . Cottbus are second from the bottom in the German Bundesliga 's ranking and is in danger of being relegated to a lower league at the end of the season . The team posted a Web statement Saturday headlined , "  Sorry , Energie Fans ! " In it , the team said its players "  did not manage at any time to stand up to a high-class opponent with our particular qualities of passion , dedication and one-on-one duels . " "  Certainly one can lose at Schalke , " the team manager Steffen Heidrich said in the statement . "  Nevertheless we did not put up enough defense against the class of the individuals of this opponent . " The team said it will announce details in the coming weeks of how fans can receive a refund on their admission ticket . "  I welcome the apologetic gesture of the team to its fans , " Heidrich said . "  Real compensation must actually be given in the coming matches . " CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	More than 600 supporters watch their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games Energie Cottbus are second from the bottom in its league 's ranking The team will announce details of how fans can receive a refund on their ticket
EW.com  -- Ready for America 's Next Top Katniss ? The CW has ordered two new reality shows , including one that 's clearly "  Hunger Games " - inspired . In "  The Hunt , " 12 tributes teams of two are dropped into the wilderness without food , water or shelter . They must compete in a game where they 'll rely on their physicality , survival skills and hunting skills to endure the harsh conditions and kill "  capture " one another . EW.com : 2012 's five great cliffhangers The second new CW reality series is called "  Perfect Score . " This is a dating show where two friends compete to see who can pick their ideal mate from a group of ... Yeah , so back to "  The Hunt . " The competition lasts a full month and the winner will receive a cash prize . No premiere date is set . It 's been awhile since any reality show really made a successful run at a "  Survivor " - style competition , so it will be interesting to see how this one turns out . The order follows The CW developing a drama series , "  The Selection , " that 's been compared to "  The Hunger Games "  the project is still alive , I 'm told  , and toying with the  ill-advised  idea of adapting ultra-violent Japanese cult favorite "  Battle Royale , " which has a very similar storyline to "  The Hunger Games . " EW.com : Critics press The CW on ` Battle Royale ' plans : ` You know what it 's about , right ? ' Perhaps "  The Hunt " will be a way for the network to capitalize  Capitolize ?  on the hit franchise , like "  The Vampire Diaries " post - "  Twilight " and "  Arrow " post - "  Dark Knight . " See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The CW has ordered a new "  Hunger Games " - inspired reality show Called "  The Hunt , " the show will send 12 teams of two into the wilderness They 'll compete by relying on their hunting and survival skills to endure harsh conditions No premiere date is set
Oprah.com  -- Save the heavy stuff for later : Keeping skin hydrated is key  especially when you 're in the air  , but slathering on your heaviest cream can leave your face looking oily . Try a gel-based moisturizer  celebrity makeup artist Daniel Martin likes aloe vera gel  that absorbs and dries quickly . To even your complexion when you 're in a hurry , apply a stripe of stick concealer down the bridge of your nose and across your cheekbones , forehead and chin . Then blend all over with a bit of light lotion for sheer coverage . Tone down a breakout : You know what a few squirts of Visine can do after a red-eye , but it also works on that blemish on your forehead . Apply a couple of drops to a cotton swab or hold the tip of the bottle directly on the pimple for a few seconds to quickly cut redness , says Martin . Then dab the area with a tissue to absorb residual moisture . If you still need more coverage , apply a light layer of concealer and gently press with a clean tissue to set it . Oprah.com : 9 beauty treats under a buck Stick to cream makeup : If you 're putting on makeup in a dim airplane bathroom , stick with creams , which are more difficult to overdo because they melt into skin -- unlike powders , which require more blending and are less forgiving , says Martin . Plus , you do n't need an arsenal of brushes to apply . CoverGirl NatureLuxe Gloss Balm , $ 6 , is one of his favorites because the sheer , shea-butter formula can be used on lips and cheeks and the small size makes it easy to fit in your purse for quick touch-ups . If you ca n't part with your powder blush or bronzer , use a smaller brush to give you more control and prevent color from splattering on your shirt collar , says Rebecca Creer , who covered the globe from Nigeria to Japan doing everything from manicures to massages as an in-flight beauty therapist  and currently dispenses tips and picks up new ones from flight attendants and crew members as the spas and grooming manager for Virgin Atlantic Airways  . Try BareMinerals Retractable Flawless Application Brush , $ 30 , which comes with a protective cover so bristles do n't get crushed in your carry-on . Oprah.com : Packing secrets from travel pros Help makeup work overtime : Long-wear lipsticks are particularly enticing if you do n't have time to constantly reapply , but Martin says these formulas leave little room for mistakes and can often be drying . To get staying power without sacrificing hydration , try Creer 's go-to trick : Apply a light layer of foundation or concealer to lips , fill them in with lip liner , then swipe lipstick over the top . Extend the life of your blush and eyeshadow by dusting translucent powder over your face and lids first . "  It provides an adhesive surface for pigment and prevents streaks , " says Martin . Oprah.com : The lazy woman 's guide to fabulous hair Hide dark circles in a hurry : Neutralize blue tones by applying an apricot colored concealer or primer  like Koh Gen Do Foundation Color Corrector in Dark Apricot , $ 34  . And use a light eyeshadow that wo n't emphasize darkness or highlight fine lines , like a shimmer-free bone shade . But if puffiness is your problem , putting coverup on top can reflect light and make your undereye area look more pronounced . Martin says it 's better to apply a concealer that matches your skin tone to the inner corners of your eyes and buff it out along the sockets with your ring finger . To look more awake , add a coat of mascara to your top lashes only , wiggling it into the roots and rolling out to the ends . Be careful not to pump the wand in the tube -- this causes mascara to dry out more quickly , says Creer . Fix a smudge -- fast : Martin says applying a creamy concealer with your finger will break down the pigment and blend it out -- so much easier than washing off a mascara flub and starting over . Oprah.com : 5 facial masks that repair tired skin in no time Apply liner on the move : Add a swipe of eyeliner across your upper lashes to define and perk up tired eyes . For a steadier hand and smoother line , rest your pinkie on the tip of your nose , says Martin . Stop static in seconds : Friction caused by rubbing hair against the headrest during a flight or a lengthy commute can wreak havoc on your blow-out . To get frizz under control , massage a pea-size drop of hand cream into your palms and lightly run them over your hair . For extra holding power , warm a bit of clear lip balm between your fingertips and slick it over any flyaways . Oprah.com : 7 things never to wear to the airport Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Apply a couple of drops of Visine on a pimple for a few seconds to quickly cut redness Extend the life of eyeshadow by dusting translucent powder over your lids first Add a swipe of eyeliner across your upper lashes to define and perk up tired eyes
Rolling Stone  -- Drake hit New York 's Nikon at Jones Beach Theater Saturday night the way he prefers to travel : with friends and family in tow . Boasting a packed bill of today 's brightest young rap stars , the penultimate stop on his Club Paradise tour felt celebratory , but tense . Earlier that day , rumors swirled that the rapper might be apprehended by the NYPD at the concert following an alleged nightclub brawl with Chris Brown that left bodyguards and bystanders in stitches . But no bottles flew in the club this evening , and Drake seemed rattled but relieved : "  When I woke up this morning , I had the choice to think about a lot of things , " he said at the top of his set . Later , he hinted further at the stress of the previous few hours : "  I wanted tonight to happen so bad , " he said . "  I 'm so f *** ing glad this happened tonight . " A steady stream of blistering rap music opened the show , with Meek Mill and Waka Flocka Flame plunging straight into their current hits to rile up the early audience . "  Turn up ! " may be this generation 's "  rock on ! " and Flocka embodied the phrase , leading a visceral set filled with little rapping and lots of gunshot sounds . "  Sorry to all you ` real hip-hop ' n *** as , " Flocka mocked after swarming through the crowd to club anthems like "  No Hands " and his latest gem , "  Fist Pump . " Later , J. Cole mellowed the venue with a grand sing-a-long to "  Nobody 's Perfect , " a slow burner featuring Missy Elliott that drips with all the songwriting promise the Grammy-nominated MC showed early in his career . Performing with a full band , the once scrappy college-rapper has matured under Jay-Z 's Roc Nation imprint , and the boss 's shadow loomed as Cole led the crowd in a Roc-A-Fella diamond salute , and interpolated "  Big Pimpin ' " into the tropical "  Ca n't Get Enough " as tanned Long Islanders belted along to every word . Club Paradise is noteworthy for its openers as well as the headliner -- Meek , Waka , and Cole all drape the windows into contemporary urban culture in 2012 , and each seem to have gotten there almost by accident . This , of course , is what makes Drake so exhilarating , and polarizing : the Jewish Canadian child-actor with a sheepish grin was never supposed to be a part of hip-hop , let alone at the center of it . Yet here Drake was , shining bright and pulling in countless peers to orbit around him . After racing through some early hits at the top of his set , Drake promised to deliver "  every motherf *** er you want to see right here , " before introducing the Weeknd for their haunting collaboration "  Crew Love . " The mysterious young singer came off a bit flat early on , and seemed nervous despite a string of well-received solo gigs . But the enthusiastic crowd was forgiving , and if there 's one thing Drake does well , it 's share the spotlight . From rising profiles ASAP Rocky and French Montana to veterans the Diplomats and Busta Rhymes , Drake paid ample homage to New York City hip-hop , typically a locals-only fundamentalist sect that regionless artists like Drake have since knocked off the pedestal of hip-hop 's birthplace and sole proprietor . Still , when Cam ` ron 's New York anthem "  I Really Mean It " blared from the amphitheater , Drake was a fan first : "  The songs these dudes made have influenced all of our music , " he said . "  I 'm just a kid from Toronto , but no matter where you 're from , make some noise for the legendary Diplomats ! " Most of the crowd , unfamiliar with their deeper cuts , took his word for it . After playing the doe-eyed lover-boy for much of his career , Drake has spent the past few months adding a snug layer of darkness to his persona . From the subtle warnings about catching bodies on "  Headlines " to the tougher talk on his now-infamous "  Stay Schemin ' " verse  the self-professed "  real n *** a " anthem  , Drake 's "  you never know " attitude has somewhat validated the Toronto-native in some corners . A brush with the NYPD seemed almost inevitable considering his recent chest-puffing and associated acts , but the Drake onstage at Jones Beach did n't portray any rebel streak . Instead , the gummy charm fans fell in love with was on full display as he took an extended interlude to individually address members in the crowd from the front row to the nosebleeds . Spirits were high , and he barely acknowledged the controversy surrounding the previous 48 hours . "  The past few days of my life might 've been some whatever shit , " he confessed before launching into "  Take Care , " his moving duet with Rihanna . If the lyrics were suggestive before , they felt almost literal on this evening : "  We 've both had our nights , so do n't be so ashamed , " he sang sans the pop princess , despite many speculating that she 'd join him on stage . "  You 've seen all my mistakes , so look me in my eyes . " Chants of "  f**k Chris Brown ! " rose in pockets of the audience as the song faded , affirming the weight of the moment . Rihanna was n't the only notable absence . For a show that was as much about his collaborators as it was his own career , Drake 's major Young Money/Cash Money cohorts were nowhere to be found , making Club Paradise not quite the Summer Jam consolation many NY ticketholders had hoped for . Despite Lil Wayne and Nicki Minaj being no-shows , Drake alluded to bigger plans : "  I had a call today with a short dude with some dreads who goes by the name of Lil Wayne , and I 'm gon na try to bring him with me next time , " he quipped as the night closed . "  Same goes for the beautiful Ms. Nicki Minaj , so bare with me while I work out that Young Money World Tour . " Despite looming controversy and some missing teammates , there was n't much trouble in Drake 's paradise , and he was emphatically clear that the fans on the floor were the real VIPs : "  You can open your eyes to what they write about me , and open your ears to what they say about me , but I do n't give a f**k about anyone besides the people in this room , " he said with a slight smile as the show closed . "  New York City : Take Care . " See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Drake performed this weekend while rumors swirled about an earlier event The rapper has been targeted for speculation regarding an alleged incident with singer Chris Brown Drake appeared to address the chatter in his concert remarks
Washington  CNN  -- Hackers based in Iran used social networks to spy on high-ranking U.S. and Israeli officials , a new report by a cybersecurity firm claims . Posing as journalists and government officials , the hackers have been working for about three years to get close to their targets , connecting with at least 2,000 people in the process , according to the report from iSight Partners . "  While it 's low sophistication technically , it 's actually one of the most elaborate social media , or socially engineered , espionage campaigns we 've ever seen , " Tiffany Jones , a senior vice president at iSight , told CNN . The firm says that it does n't have hard evidence tying Iran to the hacking but that "  the targeting , operational schedule , and infrastructure used in this campaign is consistent with Iranian origins . " Fake identities How does the scheme work ? According to iSight , the hackers create fake accounts on social networks masquerading as journalists , government officials and defense contractor employees . They have even set up a bogus online news website , newsonair.org , to bolster their credentials , and have sometimes used real reporters ' names , photographs and biographies . The hackers endeavor to build social network connections with friends , relatives and colleagues of their targets , who included senior American military and diplomatic officials , congressional staffers and defense contractors in the United States and Israel . Once they make contact with a target individual , the hackers try to establish their credibility , by initially sending messages with links to real news stories , for example . But over time , they lure the target to a fake website , where they steal their passwords and other credentials , or get them to download malicious software . U.S. admiral among connections The investigators at iSight said it is n't clear at the moment how many credentials the campaign has harvested so far . But among the more than 2,000 people with whom the hackers made connections are a four-star U.S. admiral , British and Saudi officials , journalists and lawmakers . None of the people were named . The hackers appeared to be after national security information , but what exactly they got their hands on remains unclear . "  The actors have intimated their interest in specific defense technology as well as military and diplomatic information by their targeting , " iSight said . "  This type of targeting is inconsistent with cybercriminal behavior . " There 's no smoking gun pointing to official Iranian involvement in the scheme . The report cites circumstantial evidence that suggests the hackers operated from Iran . "  What we can say is -- based on who was targeted , the types of information they were going after , the infrastructure that was used and where it 's registered in Tehran and a number of other indicators -- that we believe there are links to Iranian actors here , " Jones said . The hackers kept up a regular schedule that fits with working hours in Tehran , including the lunch break , according to iSight . Networks respond Facebook says it became aware of the scheme while investigating suspicious activity and has removed the fake profiles associated with the hackers . LinkedIn says it 's looking into the claims . The FBI and State Department say they received copies of the report but are n't commenting on it directly . The State Department says it has been aware in the past of hackers from Iran using social media websites to investigate targets , including U.S. officials . As far as the general public is concerned , iSight advises vigilance when using social networks . "  Do not create trusted connections with unknown organizations and/or individuals , " it says . "  Never provide login credentials with any site or person who contacts to you  rather than you contacting it  . " CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Washington , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Hackers posed as journalists and government officials , a cybersecurity report says They built connections on social networks to get close to their targets The aim was to get passwords and other credentials from diplomatic and defense officials The firm says the targets and the infrastructure used points to Iran-based hackers
CNN  -- Cases of disease are increasing in flood-ravaged Pakistan , but international relief funding for the disaster is drying up , the Oxfam aid organization said Friday . "  When the world 's attention was focused on Pakistan 's flood victims , there was a chance of seeing substantial aid being delivered . But as the worst of the flood waters have receded , so has the promise of significant funding , " Neva Khan , Oxfam 's director in Pakistan , said in a statement . But donations are still crucial to help people survive , the organization said . Three months after the devastating flooding , large areas in the southern province of Sindh remain underwater , and 7 million people are "  still without adequate shelter . " "  While the response from some donors and the public has been generous , the U.N. 's Pakistan flood appeal for just over $ 2 billion , is only 38 percent funded , " the organization said . Citing United Nations figures , Oxfam said 10 million people need immediate food assistance . "  The funding shortfall is so serious that existing regular food rations to 3.5 million people could be in jeopardy , " the organization said . The floods caused $ 9.7 billion in damage to homes , roads , farms and other parts of the southwestern Asian country , according to estimates from the World Bank and Asian Development Bank . The flooding began in early August , and flood waters continued to rage in the countryside more than seven weeks later . More than 1,700 people died due to the flooding , according to Pakistani authorities , while more than 20 million were displaced . The rushing waters washed out large swaths of farmland , destroying crops and families ' livelihoods . "  The water is six feet high . No one will be able to plant anything , " said Mohamad Razi , 19 , according to Oxfam . "  We should be planting next month , but we will have to wait a year . " The Sindh province resident , who is staying at a relief camp , said many have no choice but to rely on assistance from others . "  We have to depend on the government for help . We have nothing here , " he said . Last week , United States officials announced a $ 2 billion , multiyear security assistance package to help Pakistan fight extremists taking refuge in safe havens along its border with Afghanistan -- noting that the Pakistani military is stretched thin dealing with flood disaster relief .	Oxfam says large areas in Sindh province remain underwater The UN 's aid appeal for the country is only 38 percent funded 10 million people need immediate food assistance , Oxfam says The widespread devastation means many farmers can not plant crops
CNN  Inked on Croatian teenager Borna Coric 's arm are the words : "  There 's nothing worse in life than being ordinary . " Andy Murray got a taste of the 18-year-old Coric 's pursuit of the extraordinary as the Croatian pulled off one of the biggest upsets of his nascent tennis career with a straight sets victory over the world No. 3 . Few had given Coric much chance of winning the pair 's quarterfinal contest at the Dubai Championships , his last victory against a top-10 ranked player dating back to a historic win over Rafael Nadal at the end of 2014 . Luck had played a part in Coric 's path to the last eight after he had initially lost to 350th-ranked Fabrice Martin in qualifying and he only snuck into the tournament by virtue of a lucky-loser berth . But in a thoroughly one-sided quarterfinal contest , the teen served up a 6-1 , 6-3 victory as Murray struggled to make inroads with 55 unforced errors . Runner-up at the Australian Open last month , Murray mustered just 38 points in the 80-minute match . The Briton was in Dubai without coach Amelie Mauresmo and had previously admitted to struggling to find playing partners . But he made no excuses in the aftermath of his defeat . "  He did n't make any errors , " Murray told the ATP World Tour website . "  He played very solid and he moved well . I made way too many mistakes from the beginning of the match right through to the end , early in the rallies , rushing points . " It was a far cry from the pair 's last encounter in a Davis Cup tie in 2013 . Prior to that contest , Coric had admitted he had no chance of victory . But the world No. 84 has grown noticeably in confidence , saying in a recent interview that he was "  the best of his generation . " Coric has been tipped for a place among the world 's top 10 and Murray , for one , has noticed the improvement . "  He makes good decisions on the court , he 's stronger now , he serves a bit better , " said Coric . "  His ranking would suggest that he 's made some big improvements . "	18-year-old Borna Coric beats Andy Murray in straight sets in Dubai quarter-final It is only the teenager 's second career victory over a top-10 player after earlier win over Nadal Murray , without his coach Amelie Mauresmo in Dubai , is full of praise for his vanquisher
EW.com  -- Okay , that may actually just be a line from Kermit the Frog in "  The Muppet Christmas Carol , " but in the case of "  America 's Got Talent , " NBC 's annual summer competition that manages to be the spiritual heir to "  The Gong Show , " a poignant homage to vaudeville , and a grotesque Felliniesque carnival -- sometimes all at the same time -- it 's especially true . Season 7 , which wrapped tonight , saw both the departure of longtime judge Sharon Osbourne and the crowning of a new talent shortly to be unleashed upon the unsuspecting tourists of Las Vegas . This year , the finalists included two performance painters -- one whose medium was sand , thus becoming the first sand painter to reach an audience beyond your local Renaissance fair -- an "  earth harpist , " a dog trick act , a kiddie dance troupe , and a comedian who found Howard Stern 's hair to be the greatest source of fodder for his act . But there could be only one winner . And that was ... -LSB- SPOILER ALERT for those who have n't watched tonight 's finale yet -RSB- ` Big Brother ' : Evicted houseguest is ... The Olate Dogs ! Yes , America deemed the act of two dog trainers and their cuddly , trick-performing canines -- their act consists of the pooches bounding through hoops , jumping rope on their hind legs , and riding in toy SUVs -- as the worthiest finalists . I suppose the result should n't be a shock since we live in the age of cute-pet YouTube videos , but it 's hard to imagine anyone paying top dollar to see them perform in Vegas , the career-launching prize of all "  America 's Got Talent " winners . Runner-up Tom Cotter , a comedian who relies on one-liner jokes about the ethics of the Prince kissing an unconscious Sleeping Beauty , seemed like a better choice for the Strip . He delivered a tag-team bit with Joan Rivers mocking Howard Stern  the shockjock has "  gay pirate hair " !  that cried out for extensive rim-shot accompaniment . Genie Francis exits ` Young and Restless ' Blue Man Group , which I assume to be former "  America 's Got Talent " winners themselves , added their DayGlo whimsy to the proceedings , as did Justin Bieber and reality-competition show staples Flo Rida and One Republic , showing that "  America 's Got Talent " is making an aggressive play to usurp "  Dancing With the Stars " as the series with the most filler on TV . If you watched , are you happy with the outcome ? Would you pay top dollar to watch top dogs jump rope for 90 minutes ? Or do you hope that this act , like virtually every "  America 's Got Talent " winner before it , stays in Vegas ... and is never heard from again ? Also , is there any point in watching the Blue Man Group if one Tobias Fünke is n't involved ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Season 7 saw the departure of Sharon Osbourne and the crowning of a new talent This year the finalists included performance painters , a dog trick act and a kiddie dance troupe It seems "  America 's Got Talent " is making a play to usurp "  DWTS " as the series with the most filler
"  Mr. Gulden works in two great photographic traditions -- that of Edward Curtis , who devoted his life to documenting the passing of a way of life , and that of Ansel Adams , who wanted to make photos of nature that were indelible . To have combined them is another remarkable accomplishment . " So wrote the Wall Street Journal in a review of photographer David Gulden 's most recent book "  The Centre Can not Hold , "  Glitterati  , published last year . Known for his evocative black and white images of wildlife , the New York native has spent the past two decades photographing primarily in Kenya . Gulden 's obsessive patience , his passion for these animals and his talent are evident in his work -- many of his photographs capture an animal in the most intimate of moments , blissfully unaware of being observed . In her foreword of his book , " writer Susan Minot introduces him as "  someone who tears the doors off vehicles so he can set his camera down at a unique low angle . " We caught up with the adventurous photographer between shoots in Nairobi . CNN : Your photos are known for "  not glorifying " the animals that you shoot . What does that mean to you ? David Gulden : I try to make my photos a bit gritty , a bit raw . I do n't wish to over dramatize my subjects and I wish to avoid sentimentality . There 's beauty in east Africa 's wildlife but it 's a stark and often harsh beauty . There 's no glory , only survival . CNN : Have you ever had any accidents while photographing on safari ? David Gulden : An agitated female black rhino with a young calf charged my vehicle . She smashed into the driver 's door with full force and then , like something out of "  The Flintstones " -- she thrust her horn up through the ceiling and it popped out the top of the roof . No one got hurt including the two rhino . CNN : What are some tips for photographing on safari ? David Gulden : Do n't be afraid to get weird or try something unusual . Be wary of the safari guide who thinks he knows everything . CNN : What cameras do you use ? I 'd been using Nikon film cameras but my vehicle caught fire and burned to the ground with all my gear inside . Now I use Canon digital cameras . More : Amazing desert photographs taken by paragliding photographer CNN : Why do you prefer using black and white in your photography ? David Gulden : Black and white is more timeless than color -- it invites the viewer to look more closely . CNN : What is the longest you 've ever waited for a shot ? David Gulden : It took three years to photograph the mountain bongo . There are less than 100 of them in the wild and they live in rough , remote , densely vegetated mountain terrain and they are extremely shy . I have yet to see one -- I got the photo using a sophisticated camera trap . CNN : How did you first get into safari , and what made you keep going back ? David Gulden : My father took me on safari when I was 15 , and I fell hard for it . When I was 18 , before I returned to take a semester course in Kenya with the National Outdoor Leadership School , my dad introduced me to the photographer Peter Beard -- the most interesting man imaginable -- and there was no turning back . CNN : How often do you travel ? David Gulden : I live in the suburbs of Nairobi , so I have to travel to get to the wilderness . The good thing about my home is that I can go in any direction and in only a few hours ' drive , I 'll find the greatest wildlife on the planet . More : 9 not-in-the-guidebook Africa safari tips	Kenya wildlife photographer David Gulden shares some of his best work The longest he 's ever waited for a photo is three years for a shot of a mountain bongo His advice for safari : "  Be wary of the safari guide who thinks he knows everything "
CNN  -- The gigolo former lover of Germany 's richest woman has been jailed for six years after confessing to blackmailing her and other women out of millions of dollars , a court official said Monday . Helg Sgarbi has admitted blackmailing Germany 's richest woman , Susanne Klatten . Susanne Klatten , the BMW heiress , complained to police last year that Helg Sgarbi had threatened to release pictures of them if she did not pay him nearly $ 60 million . Munich 's state prosecutor Anton Winkler said Sgarbi , who was accused of blackmailing several wealthy women , had made a written confession which was read by his lawyer to the court . "  He confessed that he blackmailed the victims , told them untrue stories , " Winkler told CNN . However , Sgarbi had not revealed what had happened to the estimated $ 12.5 million he had taken from his victims nor where the pictures had gone . "  It is really only half a confession . We asked him about where the money is , about accomplices and videos ... and he refused to say anything about that , " Winkler said . Authorities said Klatten , who is married with three children , had an affair with Sgarbi . He started to ask her for money , and she paid several million at first , but when she refused to provide more he threatened to send compromising videos to her husband and the media . Klatten went to the police in January 2008 , telling them she was the victim of a fraud and blackmail . At the time , her spokesman , Joerg Appelhans , told CNN that Sgarbi 's goal had always been to con her . "  She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her , " Appelhans said . Sgarbi 's lawyer , Egon Geis , said he was surprised by all the media attention . "  This is all because of Mrs. Klatten , take the same amount of money and any other person and no one would care . " Sgarbi allegedly maintained relationships with a number of women , telling them he was a special Swiss representative in crisis zones . Klatten , the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt , holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana . Forbes magazine lists her as the world 's 55th richest person , with a personal fortune of $ 13.2 billion . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Germany 's richest woman told police she was being blackmailed for millions BMW heiress said former lover threatened to release images of them Helg Sgarbi 's admits trying to blackmail BMW heiress and others
CNN  -- Leading Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan says he was detained for nearly two hours Friday night at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport because of his last name . Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan said he was detained by authorities at the Newark , New Jersey , airport . In an interview with CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , Khan said immigration officials at the airport detained him for questioning after they said his name was flagged . "  They kept on telling me that my name is common to some name that has popped up on the computer , so they need to follow procedure , " he said . "  It took them an hour and a half , two hours ; they kept on asking me questions , if I could give them any ... numbers in America that they can contact and vouch for me and who I am . " A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman said the agency could not comment on specific incidents . "  I was really taken aback because there were people who knew me there , " Khan told CNN-IBN , referring to other travelers who were nearby . Rajeev Shukla , the secretary of India 's ruling Congress party and a friend of Khan 's , told CNN that the actor called him from Newark , as well as Khan 's secretary and family . Shukla said Khan , who was en route to Chicago , Illinois , was allowed to leave after Indian Embassy officials intervened . In New Delhi , India , U.S. Ambassador Timothy Roemer issued a statement describing Khan as a "  very welcome guest " in the United States and a "  global icon . " "  Many Americans love his films , " Roemer said . "  We are trying to ascertain the facts of the case -- to understand what took place . " The Indian government said in a written statement that it understood that Khan had been "  taken aside for ` secondary questioning ' " at Newark airport . "  The consulate general of India got in touch with him immediately upon learning about the incident , " the statement said . "  Mr. Khan said that he was all right . The consulate offered him any assistance that he may require . " The government said it has taken up the matter with the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Indian movie star Shah Rukh Khan says he was held for two hours Immigration officials told actor his surname came up on computer , he says Officials asked for ID verification , though others at airport recognized him , he says Ambassador to India calls Khan "  a very welcome guest " in United States
Manila  CNN  Flags were flown at half-staff in the Philippines Friday as the nation observed a day of mourning for 44 police commandos killed in a disastrous operation in the country 's Muslim south . The officers , members of the police 's elite Special Action Force  SAF  unit , were killed in a 12-hour firefight with two Muslim rebel groups in the southern province of Maguindanao at the weekend . Their 392-strong team had been deployed to hunt two "  most wanted " terror suspects . The fallen police were farewelled by grieving family members , politicians and police and military leadership at their home base , Camp Bagong Diwa in Taguig City Friday . Policemen across the country wore black armbands to show their sympathy . Delivering a eulogy for the fallen , President Benigno Aquino III made reference to his own loss as the son of an assassinated political leader , and vowed to bring the remaining target of the commandos ' mission to justice . "  Our 44 fallen heroes from our police force , the youngest at 26 and the most senior at 39 years old , pushed themselves and exerted all their effort to do what they could , not only for themselves and their families , but for our beloved country , " he said . "  They gave up their lives for the kind of peace and order that endures . " The president 's father , Benigno Aquino , Jr. , was a Filipino senator who was assassinated at Manila International Airport in 1983 . The officers had been pursuing two "  high value " terrorist bomb makers , including the senior Jemaah Islamiyah figure Zulkifli bin Hir , also known as Marwan , when they came under assault . Marwan , a Malaysian suspected of being behind the 2002 Bali bombings , has a $ 5 million U.S. government bounty on his head . Philippine authorities say they believe he was killed in the raid , but are yet to conduct DNA testing to confirm this . Previous reports of his death have proven false . The unit 's other target , Filipino bomb maker Abdul Basit Usman , escaped . Aquino swore during the eulogy that Usman would be brought to justice . "  Capturing Basit Usman is number one on our list of priorities , " he said . "  I assure you , we will get Usman . " Police Chief Superintendent Noli G. Talino , deputy director of the Special Action Force , delivered a speech recounting how the satisfaction of the assault on Marwan soured as the commandos became pinned down during the extraction . He recalled hearing the voice of a colleague on the radio asking for reinforcements , as they became surrounded by armed rebels . "  I felt guilty ... about what happened in the field , and it seems our efforts were not enough to extend the help that they have asked for . But we did our best , " he said . "  Is it worth it ? One international terrorist equivalent to 44 SAF troopers ? I 'm sure if you will ask them , it is worth it . " The Philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim south for years . Last year , it signed a peace agreement with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , the largest rebel group in the region . The MILF agreed to end hostilities in return for the establishment of a more autonomous Muslim region in the south . But hardline splinter groups , such as the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters  BIFF  , have not signed any peace deal . The police commandos engaged in battle with both groups during the firefight near Mamasapano town , Maguindanao Province , last weekend . Secretary of the Department of Interior and Local Government Mar Roxas said that the commandos were retreating from the assault on their targets when they came under fire from members of the BIFF . In maneuvering away from the BIFF assault , they strayed into territory controlled by the MILF , and further fighting ensued . On Wednesday , Aquino delivered a speech to the nation vowing that the deaths would not derail the deal with the MILF , saying the fallen police had given their lives for the cause of peace . "  If the peace process were derailed , how many more graves would we have to dig ? " he said . "  How many more children will idolize Marwan ? How many will want to grow up to be Usman ? How many engineers will choose to build bombs rather than buildings ? " he said . A board of inquiry is looking into why the mission went wrong . The SAF has been criticized for not coordinating adequately with the MILF ahead of the mission . But Benigno said in his speech that "  even if the MILF and BIFF now constitute two different groups , many of them are related by blood or by affinity . Strangers can not just enter their territory . Our troops needed to enter quietly and carefully ; otherwise , their targets may have been alerted . " The MILF issued a statement Wednesday on behalf of its chairman Al Haj Murad Ebrahim . The statement reiterated the MILF 's "  full commitment " to the peace process , extended sympathies to the families of the fallen police and announced its own investigation into the incident . "  In order to give meaning to their deaths , we must resolve not to let something like this happen again , " read the statement .	44 dead police commandos are honored in a day of mourning in the Philippines They were killed in a firefight with Muslim rebels last weekend The government and main rebel group have reiterated their commitment to peace process
Beijing  CNN  -- The wife of a former Communist Party leader will go on trial next week in the alleged killing of a British businessman , a friend of the suspect 's family said Friday . The trial of Gu Kailai , the wife of disgraced former Politburo member Bo Xilai , is expected to start Thursday in the eastern city of Hefei , according to the friend , who did not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter . Gu and a family aide were charged in the November death of British businessman Neil Heywood . If convicted , Gu could face the death penalty , but the friend said her life is expected to be spared . Read more : Bo scandal ` good ' for China , expert says Each of the defendants will be allowed to have two relatives at the trial , which is expected to be speedy , according to the friend . Heywood died in the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing , where Bo was the Communist Party chief and a rising star in the party -- the son of one of the "  eight immortals " of the revolution that created modern China . Heywood was found dead in his hotel room , and officials quickly blamed his death on excessive alcohol . His body was cremated without an autopsy . But controversy swirled in February , when Bo 's longtime lieutenant , Wang Lijun , sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in nearby Chengdu . Wang , the former police chief who managed Bo 's anti-crime push , wanted political asylum , apparently fearing for his life and allegedly holding incriminating information against his boss . Read more : The inside story of China 's great political drama Media reports and online posts claimed he clashed with Bo after suggesting that Heywood had been poisoned amid a business dispute with Gu -- an allegation that appears in the charges announced . Gu and the family aide , Zhang Xiaojun , were arrested in early April and have not seen their relatives since then , the friend said . The Xinhua news agency also announced in April that Bo had been stripped of his seats on the Communist Party 's Central Committee for an unspecified "  serious breach of regulations . " Wang was taken into custody once he left the consulate for entering the diplomatic post without authorization . Authorities say Gu and her son squabbled with Heywood over "  economic interests , " and she regarded him as a threat to her son 's safety . Britain , which had asked China to investigate the matter further , said it welcomed the charges . Read more : Interest in Bo Xilai scandal bigger abroad than in China "  The details of the ongoing investigation are a matter for the Chinese authorities , " a Foreign Office spokesman said in a statement last week . "  However , we are glad to see that the Chinese authorities are continuing with the investigation . We are dedicated to seeking justice for him and his family and we will be following developments closely . " Speculation has grown over the nature of Heywood 's work in China and his ties to Bo 's family . Heywood had lived in China for more than a decade and was married to a Chinese woman . Among the companies he advised was a consulting firm founded by former officers of the British spy agency MI6 . That link fueled rumors that he may have had connections to British intelligence services , but Foreign Secretary William Hague denied that possibility in a public statement in April . Read more : Inside China 's murder mystery hotel "  Mr. Heywood was not an employee of the British government in any capacity , " he said in a letter . He said that the British government usually never confirms nor denies those accounts , but that he was making an exception , "  given the intense interest in this case . " The case has forced the Communist leadership to confront allegations of wrongdoing by a high-ranking member in an unusually public way , according to Douglas Paal , a top China analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . "  The disruption of his departure from office and his wife 's crimes have made it difficult to present a facade of unity to their people , " Paal said . That united front has been key to ruling China for 2,000 years , he said . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining it since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with the pro-democracy demonstrations in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . The leadership is trying to resolve the affair before its once-in-a-decade leadership transition at the Communist Party Congress meeting this year , said Joseph Fewsmith , an international relations professor at Boston University and a longtime China watcher . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	The trial of Gu Kailai is expected to begin Thursday Gu and a family aide are accused in the murder of a British businessman She is the wife of disgraced Communist Party figure Bo Xilai
Eric Garner 's final words have become a rallying call for protesters across the country . In the days following a grand jury decision not to indict New York police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner 's chokehold death , demonstrators in New York City and beyond took to the streets demanding justice , chanting "  I ca n't breathe " -- a reference to Garner 's last utterance . A police officer and small business owner in Indiana is hoping to change the conversation around police-community relations . Jason Barthel , an officer with the Mishawaka Police Department and the owner of South Bend Uniform Company , is selling a T-shirt that reads "  Breathe Easy , Do n't Break the Law . " The shirt is emblazoned with a graphic of a police officer 's badge . Barthel said the shirt is meant to bring people together and remind communities that police officers are there to serve and protect -- not to harm . "  When we use the slogan ` Breathe Easy ' we are referring to knowing the police are there for you ! The police are here to protect and serve , " Barthel wrote on Facebook . "  99.9 % of us have the greater good in our hearts each time we strap on our uniforms and duty belts . " Not everyone agrees with his reasoning . Many have taken to his company 's Facebook page to criticize the shirt 's reference to Garner and the controversy surrounding his death . "  This shirt shows great disrespect to the family of Eric  Garner  , and all victims of police misconduct . Please reconsider its production , " wrote one commenter . "  As a marketer you know using a reference to that will sell . It is poor taste , and inflammatory . How does this help in any way relations between police and community ? " wrote another . Barthel maintains that the shirt is "  by no means is a slam on Eric Garner or his family " and that "  we are one people , one nation regardless of race , religion , creed or gender . " The shirt sells for $ 7.95 online , where a banner advertising the shirt reads "  Make a Statement . " Barthel told CNN affiliate WSBT that he has already received over 100 orders and that phones have been ringing nonstop . Garner 's death was later ruled a homicide by the New York City medical examiner . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced earlier this month that federal officials were moving ahead with a civil rights investigation . The city of Mishawaka is located in northern Indiana , just south of the Michigan border .	Indiana police officer sells T-shirts that read "  Breathe Easy , Do n't Break the Law " Jason Barthel says the shirts are meant to remind people that police are there to protect them Critics are angry over apparent reference to Eric Garner 's last words , "  I ca n't breathe " It "  shows great disrespect to ... victims of police misconduct , " one commenter writes
CNN  -- Ever wanted your own dinosaur ? A rare Diplodocus longus perhaps ? Answers to the name "  Misty ? " Well , here 's your chance to add some prehistoric chic to your urban warehouse conversion . Forget feature wall , think feature fossil -- and a 17-meter long one , at that . Late Jurassic  150 million years ago , or so  , is the new mid-century vintage , you know . "  Misty " is the first complete skeleton of a large dinosaur to come up for sale at auction in Europe , but she hails from the U.S. state of Wyoming . The dinosaur appears alongside items including Dodo bones , a fossilized Ichthyosaurus  Ichthyosaurus communis  from southern England 's Jurassic coast , and taxidermy and antique and modern artworks on a natural history theme in the "  Evolution " sale at Summers Place Auctions in Billingshurst , southern England . Author and painter Errol Fuller , who is curating the exhibition and sale , says Misty was found in 2009 by the then 11 and 14-year-old sons of paleontologist Raimund Albersdoerfer . Dinosaur hunter Albersdoerfer had been excavating the fossil hotspot Dana Quarry in Wyoming , and sent his sons , Benjamin and Jacob , to a nearby area to dig around . "  He directed them to this area -- just very close to , but not actually in the quarry -- where he thought there might be some very worthless fragments and they came back at the end of the day and said they 'd found an enormous bone , " Fuller said . "  They quickly realized that there was going to be many other bones ... so they stopped work on the proper quarry . " It took Albersdoerfer 's team nine weeks to dig out the female Diplodocus longus skeleton . She was named Misty , Fuller said , after the site itself was branded the "  mysterious quarry " because it had gone from being an area of which not much had been expected to one of great potential . While restrictions are placed on fossils found on U.S. government land , Fuller said Misty had been discovered on private property . "  It 's perfectly legal to bring it from America and legal to move it to any country in the world , " he said . "  Museum workers will sometimes try to stop these things ... but almost every great fossil discovery was made by fossil collectors or dealers . " Backhoe cuts into dinosaur 's tail , revealing rare fossil find Fuller estimated that there could be about half a dozen Diplodocus longus skeletons -- and several plaster casts of them -- in museums across the globe . Misty , he said "  looks just like the one in -LSB- London 's -RSB- Natural History Museum -- except that one is a plaster cast . " So how would one display a dinosaur skeleton in one 's warehouse , for example ? Fuller said Misty 's bones had been conserved and consolidated and she would be relatively robust as long as the skeleton was "  reasonably carefully handled and reasonably carefully housed . " It would take two or three people about a day to take it down and another to put it up again and Summers Place could arrange supervision of this , Fuller said . "  It 's been specially designed so that it can be dissembled and assembled again , " he said . "  There 's no piece so heavy that two people could n't lift it . " That said , Misty in her entirety is "  colossal , " Fuller says . Her bones are secured to a metal armature , which can be taken apart and bolted together again . Designing it , he said , would have been "  a conceptual puzzle " because the skeleton could n't be arranged without the armature and it was hard to design the armature without knowing the exact size it needed to be . The result , Fuller said , is "  a feat of engineering . It 's maybe 60ft long by 12ft high and a colossal weight . There are quite a lot of safety considerations because you do n't want pieces falling off . " Summers Place has put an estimate of # 400,000 to # 600,000  $ 640,000 to 960,000  on Misty . Fuller musingly compared the fossil to a Ferrari that sold for almost # 18 million  $ 27 million  in August . Read more : Ferrari sells for record $ 27.5 million "  If I was a rich man , I could actually have a fossil dinosaur ... that would impress my friends much more than a Ferrari and it would cost me just a fraction of # 18 million , " he said . "  That is really incredibly cheap if you compare it with a collector 's car and you 've got a much more spectacular , gob-smacking exhibition . " Talk about overtaking the neighbors . Evolution will open for viewing on November 23 , ahead of the November 27 auction .	Diplodocus longus dinosaurs are believed to have roamed Earth 150 million years ago Some museums house rare Diplodocus longus skeletons or plaster replicas The sons of paleontologist Raimond Albersdoerfer found a complete skeleton in Wyoming The skeleton -- known as "  Misty " -- will be auctioned in late November in England
CNN  -- It was n't easy for David Kizelewicz to make ends meet as a single father of four on a construction worker 's salary after his first divorce . But he did his best to cook dinner each night and to spend quality time with his kids on weekends , and somehow , "  they ended up smarter than me , " he jokes . Fast forward a few decades and Kizelewicz , now 63 , is raising another family . He still makes dinner most nights but now he has a bigger home , a stable job and a wife whose additional income makes things much easier . Some people cautioned him against remarrying at 49 , saying he was too old to start a new family . He had two complicated marriages behind him when his now-wife Natalie -- his son 's coworker -- agreed to a date . He was 48 and dating for the first time since his children left the home ; she was 29 and had just ended what she described as an emotionally abusive marriage to her first husband , with whom she had a daughter . She resisted at first because of the age difference , but when she finally gave in they immediately hit it off during their first date at Olive Garden . Now , 13 years and one child later , David and Natalie say they 're happier than they ever were in their previous marriages . They know what they want from the relationship and from each other . Lifetime friendship is medicine for the soul "  In your first marriage , you 're starting out and struggling , " said Kizelewicz , now a construction supervisor who lives north of Orlando . "  It 's a lot easier to raise kids when you have money to raise them and give them the things they want . " It 's been a long road to happiness . David Kizelewicz was married to the mother of his children and another woman after that , but both relationships ended in divorce . With this his third marriage and Natalie 's second , in some ways the couple is beating the odds . A 2009 study found that , because boomers divorce and remarry in such large numbers , it is more likely that later-in-life remarriages will end in divorce . But the Kizelewiczs and others say lessons learned from past marriages can help nurture future relationships . "  We 're just so grateful to have a good marriage this time that there 's nothing to really fight over , " Natalie Kizelewicz said . "  We rarely argue and I think it 's because we get along so well . " They also draw upon David 's experience raising children . "  All the tricks the kids try to pull , if they try to lie or pull the wool over our eyes , he already knows and he knows what to do , " she said . Second marriages often fail because individuals do n't take the time to figure out what went wrong in the first union or acknowledge their role in the unhappy marriage , said psychotherapist and relationship specialist Lisa Brateman , who has a private practice in New York . "  Everyone likes to blame the other person and say he did this or he was too controlling , but were you so passive that you let it continue ? " she said . "  What were you so fearful of that you lost your voice for so many years ? " Dating after 50 For some women , being on their own after years of financial dependency causes them to rush into relationships without considering whether the person is right for them , she said . The more you know yourself , your wants and your needs , the healthier your decisions will be if you 're 18 or 55 . "  Relationships are about enhancing your life rather than giving you a life , " she said . As divorces rates among couples over 50 have doubled in the last 20 years , many are remarrying and starting new families . In 1980 , 19 % of married people ages 50 and older were in remarriages compared with 30 % in 2009 , according to a study by the National Center for Family & Marriage Research . Not everyone is looking for marriage , but the desire for love and companionship is still alive and well , said Terri Orbuch , psychologist and relationship expert at OurTime.com , a dating website for the 50-and-over crowd . But for those who have done a bit of soul-searching , the approach to finding a new mate often is more refined . "  Baby boomers are more settled in their behaviors and patterns of life . They are concerned about whether it is worth changing ... to allow someone new into their life , " she said . "  And , the majority of baby boomers are more focused on compatibility , and finding someone who makes them happy , than they were when they were younger . " Boomers who spoke with Orbuch for her forthcoming book , "  Finding Love Again : 6 Simple Steps to a New and Happy Relationship , " had three major takeaways from unsuccessful marriages , she said . The first is that communication is key , and not just "  maintenance communication . " "  You ca n't only talk about work , family , who does what around the house or your relationship . To communicate well , partners need to reveal more about themselves . " On turning 40 Second , make sure you partner knows that he or she is important to you . "  Life gets busy and stressed and it is important that your spouse knows you do n't take them for granted . Give them frequent affirmation , though simple gestures  hug , kiss , turn on the coffee pot in the morning , bring in the newspaper  and words  thank you , you are the best partner , you look so beautiful today  . " And last but not least , talk about money , early and often , she said . Fifty percent of the divorced singles in her study said that they fought so much about money in their first marriage that they anticipated money will be a problem in their next relationship . "  Divorced singles said they have learned that they would discuss money with their partner early on and more often , so that it is n't such an issue . They would devise a plan they both could live with , " she said . David and Natalie Kizelewicz both had jobs when they started dating and still do , which helps them maintain a comfortable lifestyle with some money left over for a vacation each year . They were also able to buy a car for Natalie 's daughter and help her with living expenses while she 's in college , something David was unable to do for his first four children . "  My older kids might be a little resentful of the younger kids because they can see that they have an easier life , " he said . "  But I gave them the best years of my life . If they wanted to go to college , they could , and now they 're all happily married or own homes and have good jobs . They 're successful in life . " In order to maintain their lifestyle , he estimates he 'll be working for at least another 10 years until their youngest goes to college . But , that 's OK , he said . "  I hate being bored . " When it comes to a blended family , they have it all : adult children from previous marriages and grandchildren who are older than their 13-year-old daughter . Plus , they 've had custody of Natalie 's 7-year-old nephew since he was an infant . The staggered ages and familial ties are confusing to outsiders , but everyone gets along , he said . His grandchildren play with his children younger as if they were cousins . When David 's grandson was in the same school as his daughter , he got a kick out of telling everyone she was his aunt , he said . The do 's and do n'ts of dating after 50 It was n't much of a stretch for David 's adult children to adjust to Natalie , especially since his oldest son set them up , the couple said . Early on , Natalie 's family and daughter approved of him despite the age difference because he treated her so well , she said . "  They said he was the best thing that ever happened to me , " she said . "  I saw how he raised his kids and doted on them , so I knew he would be a good father . " The Kizelewiczes have also dealt with medical problems , a common issue for couples marrying late in life . Two weeks after the birth of their daughter , David had prostate surgery after being diagnosed with cancer a month before the baby 's due date . Years later , he has it under control as a result of the couple 's combined efforts to stay on top of appointments and medications , Natalie said . Otherwise , Natalie no longer feels the age difference as much as she used to , she said . David has slowed down a bit , but so has she . Their 7-year-old nephew seems to notice , asking how old David will be when the boy reaches his age . "  He tells him , ` I 'm going to live until I 'm 100 ; do n't you worry , ' " she said . David also thinks about it sometimes -- when Natalie is 60 , he 'll be 80 . "  Though we have a really good life right now , that 's the only thing I kind of worry about , " he said . "  That 's time to come , but so far it 's been great . Age has n't really caught up to us . " Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter CNN 's Toby Lyles contributed to this report .	David and Natalie Kizelewicz have been married 13 years ; it 's his third marriage , her second They say they are happier now because they know what they want from the relationship Many baby boomers have learned from mistakes in previous marriages "  Relationships are about enhancing your life rather than giving you a life , " specialist says
CNN  -- Jon Opsahl said he does n't think domestic terrorist-turned-housewife Sara Jane Olson served nearly enough time for his mother 's murder , but he 's relieved the saga ended with Olson 's Tuesday release from prison . Sara Jane Olson was released from a California prison Tuesday after serving seven years . Olson , a member of the self-styled revolutionary Symbionese Liberation Army -- perhaps best known for kidnapping Patricia Hearst -- was released from a California prison after serving seven years , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said . She was released to her husband just after midnight and is expected to serve her yearlong parole term in Minnesota -- over the the objections of police unions and Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty . Her sentence stems from her involvement in the 1975 attempted bombings of two police cars and the slaying of Myrna Opsahl during a bank robbery that same year . Back then , Olson went by her birth name , Kathleen Anne Soliah . After her 1976 indictment in the attempted bombings , she changed her name and started a new life in St. Paul , Minnesota . She was not apprehended until 1999 . "  I 've really got nothing to say . She did her time , as minimal as that may have been , " said Jon Opsahl , who was 15 when his mother was killed . "  One of those years -- just one -- was for the murder of my mom and the bank robbery up in Carmichael . " Myrna Opsahl , a mother of four , was depositing money at the Crocker National Bank for her church when she was shot by Olson 's co-defendant Emily Montague Harris , according to court documents . Harris was sentenced to eight years ; she served four and was released on parole in February 2007 . Jon Opsahl , now 49 , said he never understood why it took so long to bring his mother 's killers to justice . While charges were filed in the bombings within months , no charges were brought in his mother 's murder until 2002 . "  You expect thugs to do what thugs do , but you do n't expect the district attorney to turn a blind eye to the murder of an upstanding citizen , " Jon Opsahl said Monday . Olson 's release Tuesday will cap an oft-strange storyline that spans more than three decades and which saw Olson wear the hats of college student , 1970s radical , housewife and philanthropist . Attorney Andy Dawkins met Olson , now 62 , shortly after she moved to St. Paul through friends in the reggae band , Pressure Drop . Fred Peterson , Olson 's husband , played trumpet in the band , Dawkins said . "  She did good deeds everywhere . She raised three wonderful daughters . It was always a shock to all of us that the Sara we know had that past , " Dawkins said . After attending the University of California , Santa Barbara , Olson moved to Berkeley in the early 1970s . There , she met Angela Atwood in 1972 , and the two became best friends and roommates , Olson told L.A. Weekly in a 2002 interview shortly before she was imprisoned . After Atwood and five other SLA members were killed in a 1974 gunfight with the Los Angeles Police Department , Olson appeared at a memorial in Berkeley 's Ho Chi Minh Park to eulogize her friend . "  SLA soldiers , although I know it 's not necessary to say , keep fighting . I 'm with you , and we are with you , " Olson told the crowd . Almost a year later , Olson took part in two bank robberies to help fund the SLA , according to court documents . During the Carmichael robbery , Olson "  entered the bank with a firearm and kicked a nonresisting pregnant teller in the stomach . The teller miscarried after the robbery , " the documents said . In August 1975 , Los Angeles police found homemade bombs under two squad cars . They were designed to explode when the car moved , but neither device detonated . Authorities cast the attempted bombings as payback for the bloody shootout that left Atwood and other SLA members dead . A probe into the gunbattle helped police arrest Hearst , the granddaughter of publishing mogul William Randolph Hearst , who claimed she had been kidnapped , raped and brainwashed by the SLA . In her book "  Every Secret Thing , " Hearst put Olson at the center of the Carmichael robbery . Olson soon left California . According to the U.S. Department of Justice , "  she evaded capture for 23 years , and in the meantime , became a doctor 's wife , mother of three , community volunteer , veteran of charity work in Africa and practicing Methodist living in an upscale neighborhood in St. Paul . " Though authorities said a 1999 "  America 's Most Wanted " episode marking the 25th anniversary of the L.A. shootout led to Olson 's arrest , the show 's Web site mentions neither Olson nor Soliah among its almost 1,100 "  captures . " Her Minnesota friends and neighbors were shocked , even incredulous , when she was arrested . They pleaded with a judge to grant her bail . The Sara Olson Defense Fund began selling cookbooks , titled , "  Serving Time : America 's Most Wanted Recipes . " It would help that Olson was generous with her time . She was active in the church . She volunteered for political campaigns . Dawkins said he had a blind client to whom she used to read The New York Times . Olson 's philanthropy , coupled with the connections of her husband , a respected emergency room doctor , made raising the $ 1 million bail relatively easy , said Dawkins , who remembers that some members of the community had so much faith in Olson they put up their children 's college funds . On October 31 , 2001 , Olson pleaded guilty to two counts of attempting to ignite a destructive device or explosive . She later tried to rescind the plea , saying "  cowardice " prevented her from telling the truth . A superior court judge , however , denied her request and in January 2002 sentenced her to 20 years to life in prison , a sentence the parole board later reduced . Olson was charged with Opsahl 's slaying that same week and pleaded guilty in 2003 to second-degree murder . Olson received a sentence of five years to life . The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said in a statement that Olson 's sentence was reduced for good behavior and for her work on a maintenance crew that cleaned the main yard of the Central California Women 's Facility in Chowchilla . Dawkins said "  it 's right " that Olson served time , but he is glad she is being released . He expects many hugs await her in St. Paul and that she will soon be back to her generous ways . "  I really believe who we knew in St. Paul was the true Sara Olson , " he said . The Los Angeles Police Protection League disagrees and has loudly opposed her early release . Sgt. Paul Weber , the league 's chief , called her a sociopath who "  never said she was sorry . " He also lashed out at those who rush to defend her . "  Enough with the BS that she was unfairly targeted by law enforcement for her youthful indiscretions -- she is a criminal , " Weber said in a Monday statement . Corrections officials say it 's important that she be reunited with her family during her parole -- it helps reduce recidivism -- but Minnesota legislators , the governor and the St. Paul Police Federation have asked Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to keep her in California over the next year . "  Letting a domestic terrorist like Kathleen Soliah set the terms of her parole is an insult to the memory of Myrna Opsahl and all the men and women of LAPD past and present , " the St. Paul union said in a letter last week . Jon Opsahl , however , just wants to put Olson out of his mind . "  Get her out of here , " he said . "  I do n't want to see or think about her again . "	NEW : Governor , police unions oppose Olson serving parole in Minnesota Olson evaded capture for more than 20 years living as Minnesota housewife Olson was member of Symbionese Liberation Army , which nabbed Patricia Hearst Court documents say Olson kicked pregnant teller during 1975 bank robbery
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will not be allowing new drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico for at least seven years , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar announced Wednesday . The exploration of drilling possibilities in sensitive areas of the Arctic will proceed "  with utmost caution , " he said . Obama 's decision effectively reverses White House plans announced at the end of March to open the Gulf region -- along with other large swaths of U.S. coastal waters -- to oil and natural gas drilling . Under the plan , roughly two-thirds of available oil and gas resources in the eastern Gulf would have been opened to drilling . Areas located within 125 miles of the Florida coast would have remained off limits . Salazar said the seven-year ban is being imposed as a result of lessons learned from the April 20 explosion of BP 's Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in the Gulf , which killed 11 people and triggered one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history . An estimated 4.9 million barrels  206 million gallons  of oil gushed into the Gulf before the broken well , 5,000 feet below the surface , was capped . There is a broader recognition of the need for a more "  robust safety regime " and additional environmental analysis in the Gulf , Salazar told reporters . He dismissed concerns that the decision will seriously damage efforts to further develop domestic energy resources , noting that roughly 29 million acres already under leases in the Gulf have not yet been developed . Rep. Ed Markey , one of the most vocal BP critics in Congress , said the announcement shows the White House "  has heeded the lessons of the BP disaster . " "  This plan will move America forward on a prudent path until we can ensure that when an oil company drills ultra-deep , it is ultra-safe , " the Massachusetts Democrat said . "  Opening up wide swaths of our coasts to oil drilling before we put the proper regulatory measures in place would have been a mistake . " Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , said it is "  good the president is listening to the people of Florida . " The administration lifted a six-month moratorium on deep-water oil drilling in October . Salazar has argued that the moratorium provided time to make sure accidents similar to the BP disaster wo n't occur again , and that rig operators are prepared to deal with worst-case scenarios if they happen . Critics of the ban , including Republican leaders , Gulf state officials and Gulf Coast residents , said it only hurt oil and gas workers in hard-hit coastal communities , where hundreds of jobs were lost because of the disaster . Lousiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a Republican and a frequent critic of the Obama administration 's handling of the Gulf spill , said in a statement , "  This announcement from the Obama administration today will undoubtedly send more economic capital and even more jobs overseas , in the wake of those oil rigs that already left our waters for Egypt , the Congo and Nigeria during the ` arbitrary and capricious ' moratorium on deepwater drilling . " Environmental groups and other supporters of the moratorium argued that it was necessary due to a lack of effective regulation of deep-water drilling that allowed the Deepwater Horizon explosion and subsequent spill to occur . CNN 's Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal says ban will send "  more jobs overseas " Drilling in sensitive areas of the Arctic will proceed "  with utmost caution , " Salazar says A more "  robust safety regime " and more environmental analysis are needed , he says The ban is a result of the April 20 BP drilling rig explosion and oil spill
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova kept alive her hopes of finishing the year as world No. 1 when beating Italy 's Sara Errani 6-3 6-2 in her opening match of the WTA Tour Championships in Istanbul . The Russian , who won the event in 2004 , has called attaining the status her ` biggest priority this week ' at the season-ending tournament . The 25-year-old needs to win at least two matches in Istanbul while hoping that Victoria Azarenka , the Belarusian who currently holds the title of the world 's best , slips up in the Red Group if she is to finish the year on top . Sharapova , whose victory margin was identical to her only previous meeting with Errani , who she beat in the final of this year 's French Open , was delighted to make an impact at the WTA Championships after injury forced her early withdrawal last year . Read : Sharapova overpowers Errani to win French Open "  This is such a great feeling , not only to make it here but to feel good physically , " the World No. 2 told the WTA 's official website . "  When you 're out here and feeling good it 's such a big motivation , and it 's the last tournament of the year too , so while I 'm going to enjoy some time off after this , right now it 's all business . " Sharapova is competing in the White Group , where Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska earned her first career win against Petra Kvitova at the fourth attempt as the defending champion lost the opening match of the championships . The Wimbledon runner-up won 6-3 6-2 in a match where the Czech , looking to become the first woman to win back-to-back titles since Belgium 's Justine Henin in 2007 , produced 41 unforced errors in contrast to just five from her opponent . "  I was not very comfortable on court and I did n't feel pretty well , " said Kvitova , who cut a dejected figure afterwards . The only Red Group game of the day found Serena Williams playing her first match since winning the U.S. Open in August and she maintained her winning run as she beat Angelique Kerber , the German making her debut at the event for the world 's top eight players . The Wimbledon , U.S. Open and Olympic champion won 6-4 6-1 against the left-hander who had inflicted Williams ' only defeat in her 27 matches preceding the tie , with Kerber winning in Cincinnati in August . The victory , which quickly reached its conclusion once Williams broke for 3-1 in the second set , was greeted with huge enthusiasm by those watching inside Istanbul 's Sinan Erdem Dome . "  I 've never been here but I never knew I had so many Turkish supporters , " Williams told wtatennis.com . "  It was really an honor to hear the fans go crazy and be really loud when I walked out . It made me have this smile on my face , and an even bigger smile inside . " On Wednesday , Williams is scheduled to play first against Li Na , the former French Open champion from China , while Azarenka enters the action when taking on Kerber , who broke into the top five in the rankings for the first time this week . "  Every match here will be tough - I obviously have great champions in the group , " said Azarenka . "  It 's challenging , definitely , but I 'm looking forward to it . "	Maria Sharapova beat Italy 's Sara Errani in straight sets to win opening match in White Group Defending champion Petra Kvitova makes 41 unforced errors as she is beaten by Agnieszka Radwanska for first time Serena Williams returns to action for first time since U.S. Open win , beating Germany 's Angelique Kerber
CNN  -- Top-level female football in the U.S. was dealt a severe blow on Monday when it was announced the 2012 Women 's Professional Soccer  WPS  season had been suspended . The league only began in 2009 , but an expensive legal dispute with a former franchise owner has driven the board of governors to halt the five-team competition . The announcement came just 24 hours after the U.S. national women 's team had beaten Canada 4-0 to win the North and Central American qualifying tournament for the 2012 Olympics Games in London . "  We are proud of what the league has accomplished in the first three seasons , " Thomas Hofstetter , owner of the New Jersey-based Sky Blues FC , who won the 2009 WPS playoffs , said in a statement . "  But we do recognize the necessity to resolve our existing legal and operational issues so that we can continue to support and grow WPS the right way . "  This was a very difficult decision , but one we as owners feel is the best business decision for the league at this time . " The legal dispute which has forced the league to take this step is with Dan Borislow , the owner of the Florida-based magicJack franchise . Borislow brought the Washington Freedom team in 2011 before relocating it to Boca Raton and renaming the franchise after his communications company . He repeatedly clashed with WPS over a number of issues , including the size of the magicJack 's stadium and reportedly failing to pay player wages . WPS took the decision on October 27 2011 to "  terminate " the franchise , which had U.S. national team stars such as goalkeeper Hope Solo and striker Abby Wambach on its roster . Borislow challenged the termination , with the league forced to suspend the 2012 season "  in order to address the legal issues head-on before moving forward with competition . " "  Those that take part in our league -- players , partners and fans -- deserve the best , " said WPS CEO Jennifer O'Sullivan . "  That is what we are taking the time to ensure we deliver when we resume play in 2013 and beyond . "  With our supporters and athletes in mind , we are committed to complete the hard work necessary to resume play in 2013 and reestablish WPS as the premiere women 's professional soccer league in the world . " The 2011 WPS playoffs were won by the Western New York Flash , who were led by Brazil 's five-time FIFA World Player of the Year Marta .	The Women 's Professional Soccer league has been suspended for 2012 The WPS , which began in 2009 , is involved in an expensive legal dispute Legal proceedings revolve around the termination of the magicJack franchise Stars such as U.S. duo Hope Solo and Abby Wambach and Brazil 's Marta play in WPS
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Air India took two pilots and two cabin crew off-duty over allegations that they had a fist fight during an international flight with 106 passengers aboard , the state-run airline said Monday . Faced with tough competition from private carriers , Air India has struggled with financial and image crises . The scuffle allegedly took place on flight from the United Arab Emirates to New Delhi , while the plane flew over Pakistan . An investigation had been launched into what Air India spokesman Jitender Bhargava called "  charges and counter-charges . " In a police complaint made on landing Saturday , a 24-year-old flight attendant alleged a molestation attempt . But pilots Ranbeer Arora and Aditya Chopra alleged that the molestation claim was an attempt to deflect attention from misbehavior by a male purser . Have you ever experienced poor crew behaviour on a flight ? "  All the four have been de-rostered and an inquiry committee is examining versions of each of them , " Bhargava said . Faced with tough competition from private carriers , Air India has struggled with financial and image crises . Rats have been spotted on two Air India international flights in less than a month , according to news reports . An investigation in May revealed that the carrier had loaded a flight three passengers beyond capacity . Several employees were de-rostered as a result . "  Privatize Air India before it 's too late , " warned a column in the Hindustan Times newspaper Sunday . "  As long as the government runs Air India , it will continue to strangle it , " columnist Vir Sanghvi wrote .	Scuffle allegedly took place on flight from United Arab Emirates to New Delhi 24-year-old flight attendant alleged a molestation attempt , which pilots refute Air India has struggled with financial and image crises
The Justice Department said it wo n't challenge state laws that legalize marijuana and will focus federal enforcement on serious trafficking cases and keeping the drug away from children . Attorney General Eric Holder , in a conference call Thursday morning , notified the governors of Colorado and Washington that the department , for now , will not seek to pre-empt those states ' laws , which followed voters ' approval of ballot measures that legalized recreational marijuana use . Marijuana will remain illegal under the federal Controlled Substances Act . But a department memo to federal prosecutors tightened federal marijuana prosecution standards . Opinion : How to regulate pot when it 's legal Under the new guidelines , federal prosecutors are required to focus on eight enforcement priorities , including preventing marijuana distribution to minors , preventing drugged driving , stopping drug trafficking by gangs and cartels and forbidding the cultivation of marijuana on public lands . The guidelines , issued by Deputy Attorney General James Cole , have been months in the making and took on some urgency after citizens in Colorado and Washington approved the ballot measures last fall . Nineteen states and the District of Columbia allow some legal use of marijuana , primarily for medicinal purposes . The attorney general told the Washington and Colorado governors that the Justice Department will work with the states to craft regulations that fall in line with the federal priorities , and reserves the right to try to block the laws if federal authorities find repeated violations . Are American opinions on marijuana changing ? The memo to prosecutors also seeks to address one common complaint from medicinal marijuana dispensaries in some states , which have been subject to raids by federal agents because they were deemed too big or profitable . The size and profitability of marijuana businesses will still be a factor prosecutors can consider , but there also must be additional illegal activities for prosecutors to take action . The new guidelines do n't change federal money laundering rules , meaning that some large banks may still be leery of doing business with marijuana producers and sellers . However , Justice Department officials said there is some leeway for banks to provide services to such businesses , so long as they do n't violate the eight priorities being assigned to federal prosecutors . "  We received good news this morning when Attorney General Eric Holder told the governor the federal government would not pre-empt Washington and Colorado as the states implement a highly regulated legalized market for marijuana , " Washington Gov. Jay Inslee and Attorney General Bob Ferguson said in a statement . "  We want to thank the attorney general for working with the states on this and for finding a way that allows our initiative to move forward while maintaining a commitment to fighting illegal drugs . This reflects a balanced approach by the federal government that respects the states ' interests in implementing these laws and recognizes the federal government 's role in fighting illegal drugs and criminal activity , " they said .	Washington state officials cheer the "  good news " Holder wo n't try to block pot legalization laws in Washington , Colorado The two states passed measures legalizing personal marijuana use last year Federal laws still make possession , production and sale of marijuana illegal
CNN  -- Edith Windsor , who filed the original case that could upend the Defense of Marriage Act , says just getting the case to this point is a kind of victory . "  We 've made a huge step forward and a huge difference in how people look at us , " she said . "  And so , it 'll happen . Another year if not now . " It was the death of Windsor 's life partner , Thea Clara Spyer , that led to the case . Theirs was not a fleeting romance -- the women were together 42 years sharing ups and downs , laughs and tears . They also shared what they 'd earned together , including from Windsor 's job as a programmer with IBM and Spyer 's work as a psychologist . 5 things we learned from day one of oral arguments "  We were mildly affluent and extremely happy , " Windsor said . "  We were like most couples . " But even after they married in 2007 in Toronto , some 40 years into their courtship , the two women were not "  like most couples " in the eyes of the state of New York , where they lived , nor in the eyes of the U.S. government , which under the Defense of Marriage Act mandates that a spouse , as legally defined , must be a person of the opposite sex . This fact hit Windsor hard in 2009 , while in a hospital after suffering a heart attack a month after Spyer 's death . As she recovered and mourned , Windsor realized she faced a hefty bill for inheritance taxes -- $ 363,053 more than was warranted , she later claimed in court -- because Spyer was , in legal terms , little more than a friend . "  It was incredible indignation , " Windsor recalled feeling . "  Just the numbers were so cruel . " This anger gave way to action . Why , she and her lawyers argued , should her relationship with Spyer be any different when it came to rights , taxes and more than a heterosexual couple ? Why should Windsor have to pay , literally , for losing her soulmate -- even though , by 2009 , New York courts had recognized that "  foreign same-sex marriages " should be recognized in the state as valid ? In October , Windsor got an answer in the form of a ruling opinion from the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . That court found , in her favor , that the Defense of Marriage Act violates the Constitution 's equal protection clause and thus she should n't have had to pay an inheritance tax after her partner 's death . This follows a similar ruling , in May , from another federal appeals court in Boston . Federal appeals court strikes down Defense of Marriage Act Neither opinion settles the matter for good . That is expected to happen when the Supreme Court will weigh the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act through the prism of Windsor and Spyer 's story . It is one of two cases related to same-sex marriage that the high court is considering . The other addresses California 's Proposition 8 . The court is expected to rule on both cases by mid-June . Even with those cases pending , Windsor said last fall -- when the lower court decided in her favor , three years after Spyer 's death -- that she felt she could finally breathe and celebrate . It was a day she relished , and one she did n't entirely expect after all her heartache . "  What I 'm feeling is elated , " Windsor said . "  Did I ever think it could come to be , altogether ? ... Not a chance in hell . " By the numbers : Same-sex marriage Instant chemistry in Greenwich Village Born in Philadelphia in 1929 , on the eve of the Great Depression , Windsor graduated from Temple University and earned a master 's degree , in 1957 , from New York University , according to a fall 2011 story in the latter school 's alumni magazine . She had come to New York hoping for a fresh start after a brief marriage , according to the report . And professionally , she found it -- working for NYU 's math department and soon entering data into its UNIVAC , one of a few dozen of the huge commercial computers then in operation . Her knack for programming eventually helped her land a job , and to excel , at IBM . But something was missing in her life , personally . Or , as Windsor put it more succinctly , "  I suddenly could n't take it anymore . " In the documentary "  Edie and Thea : A Very Long Engagement , " she recalled pleading with an old friend to take her "  where the lesbians go . " And so Windsor spent one Friday night at Portofino , a restaurant in New York 's Greenwich Village . "  Somebody brought Thea over and introduced her . And we ended up dancing , " she recalled . "  And we immediately just fit , " added Spyer , on the documentary . Timeline : Same-sex marriage After reuniting two years later , according to their New York Times ' wedding announcement , their connection proved deep and lasting . In 1967 , Spyer proposed marriage with a round diamond pin . A year later , they purchased a house together in Southampton , according to the NYU Alumni Magazine story . Yet while the gay rights ' movement took off after the 1969 Stonewall Riots , which occurred while Windsor and Spyer were vacationing in Italy , an actual marriage -- a legal union -- seemed out of the question . Marriage , at last , and then heartache Regardless , their love remained strong . On the documentary , filmed around 2007 , Spyer said , "  Each one of us , in fact , looks different from how we looked when we met . But if I look at Edie now , she looks exactly the same to me . Exactly the same . " Windsor had halted her new career as a gay rights activist to help care for her partner , who suffered from multiple sclerosis . And it was after getting a "  bad prognosis  that  I had another year to live and that was it " that Spyer proposed again . "  And I said yes , " Windsor recalled . "  She said , ` So do I. ' " Video shows Spyer being pushed through the airport in her wheelchair . It was from that seat -- on May 22 , 2007 , at Toronto 's Sheraton Gateway Hotel -- that she gave her vows to make their marriage official in Canada . "  I , Thea Spyer , choose you , Edith Windsor , to be my lawful , wedded spouse , " she said . "  For richer and for poorer , in sickness and in health , until death do us part . " Married same-sex couple awaits epic high court appeal Having happily gone four decades without , Windsor soon realized how much the marriage meant to her . It made her and Spyer 's love legitimate and all the more real . "  It 's different because somewhere you 're a hidden person , and suddenly you 're a citizen of the world , " she said in October of 2012 . But what happened as Spyer 's condition worsened , and after her death , proved a stark reminder they were not legally united in their own country . And the fact that New York legalized same-sex marriage in 2011 did n't mean that Windsor , for example , would suddenly get back the hundreds of thousands of dollars in inheritance tax that she 'd given to the government . That could happen , however , if the Supreme Court upholds the appeals court ruling . That is Windsor 's hope , as is that whether a committed couple is heterosexual or homosexual becomes irrelevant within the next decade . In the meantime , Windsor said she 's proud to fight for something bigger than herself and the legitimacy of her union with Spyer . She hopes , through her struggle , to help make it so gay teenagers can "  fall in love knowing there 's a future , " that children of gay couples wo n't feel the need to explain their families , and that homophobia becomes a thing of the past . "  I feel like I 'm representing them . " Couple fights for right to marry	Edith Windsor and Thea Spyer met in New York and were together more than 40 years They could n't legally marry in the U.S. , but they did tie the knot in 2007 in Toronto When Spyer died , Windsor paid a large inheritance tax -- then fought it in court A court rules their union was valid ; the Supreme Court is hearing the case
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some Democrats appear to be wavering on a highly contentious House resolution labeling Turkey 's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide . A KC-135 tanker lands at Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey in 2003 . Turkey , a longtime U.S. ally and NATO partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide and threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote . The base , in southern Turkey near Syria , is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia . The Pentagon is preparing to set up new supply routes for troops in Iraq if Turkey cuts off U.S. access to the strategically important Incirlik , military officials said Tuesday . Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I but vehemently objects to the "  genocide " label . The House Foreign Affairs Committee last week adopted the nonbinding resolution . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month . But the Bush administration urged Congress to drop the issue , and some leading Democrats urged Pelosi not to bring it to the floor . Majority Leader Steny Hoyer signaled Tuesday that the vote might be put off . "  I said I thought we would bring this up prior to us leaving here , " said Hoyer of Maryland . "  I have not changed on that , although I would be less than candid to say that there are a number of people who are revisiting their own positions . We will have to determine where everybody is . " Democratic Rep. Ike Skelton , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , announced his opposition to the resolution last week . And Democratic Reps. Alcee Hastings of Florida and John Tanner of Tennessee , both members of the U.S. House delegation to NATO , urged Pelosi to reconsider in a letter released Tuesday . "  More than half of the cargo flown into Iraq and Afghanistan comes through Incirlik Air Base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , " they wrote . Lt. Gen. Carter Ham , the director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Pentagon planners are looking at "  a broad range of options " to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to U.S. troops in Iraq if Turkey blocks Incirlik . "  We 're confident that we 'll find ways to do that , " Ham told reporters at the Pentagon . "  There 's likely to be some increased cost and some other implications for that , and obviously we 'd prefer to maintain the access that we have . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates echoed lawmakers ' concerns last week . "  About 70 percent of all air cargo going into Iraq goes through Turkey . ... About a third of the fuel that they consume goes through Turkey or comes from Turkey , " Gates said . He also said that 95 percent of the Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles , or MRAPs , being deployed in Iraq are flown through Turkey . The vehicles are built to withstand roadside bombs . See Incirlik 's key location " The U.S. military issued a "  warning order " a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if Turkey stops or restricts U.S. access to Incirlik , a source said . Jordan and Kuwait are among the alternatives the United States is considering . Some fear pursuit of the resolution would also embolden the Turks to attack Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq which could further complicate Iraqi stability , U.S. officials said . Incirlik offers 10,000 - and 9,000-foot runways and 57 hardened aircraft shelters , according Globalsecurity.org , a source of background information about military issues . Globalsecurity said Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq , taking over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany because it is closer to Iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barbara Starr and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Majority Leader says a number of Dems are "  revisiting their own positions " Turkey is upset about World War I "  genocide " resolution in Congress House resolution calls killing of Armenians "  genocide " Incirlik Air Base is key point for U.S. military supply of Iraq mission
Washington  CNN  -- Impassioned wrangling over changing the way the military prosecutes sex assaults pits the 20 women in the Senate against each other in a thorny political battle over an institution where chain of command is sacred . A bipartisan measure championed by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand that would have removed military commanders from decisions on whether to prosecute subordinates for rape , sexual assault and other serious crimes fell short in a procedural vote on Thursday . Gillibrand , of New York , argued that commanders too often are biased in their decisions on such matters , and proposed placing the responsibility with "  non-biased , professionally trained military prosecutors . " Efforts to defeat Gillibrand 's bill were led by fellow Democrat and Armed Services Committee member , Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri . By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military Gillibrand and McCaskill have fought for months over how best to reform the prosecution process for military sexual assaults . Gillibrand would go outside of the traditional military command structure to force change ; McCaskill 's approach is to reform from within . Both spoke with sexual assault victims , members of the military and fellow lawmakers . Their competing measures also divided the newly expanded female caucus of senators with most of them , including fellow Armed Services Committee member Sen. Kay Hagan of North Carolina , siding with Gillibrand . A number of women 's rights groups also backed her bill . "  Forty five U.S. senators blocked all justice for survivors of sexual assault in the military , and that is a travesty . Today 's results show just how pervasive rape culture in America has become , and how hard we will have to fight to overcome it , " Shaunna Thomas , co-founder of UltraViolet , a women 's rights group , said in a statement Thursday following the vote . "  We wo n't stop fighting , and the 45 Senators who voted in support of rape culture today should be ashamed for not fighting with us . " Gillibrand 's bill also had the support of several veterans groups . "  This was a missed opportunity for Senate leaders to overhaul the military 's broken system of combating sexual trauma . They have turned their back on veterans and service members who pushed for reform , " said Paul Rieckhoff , chief executive and founder of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , a military advocacy group . "  Instead , the Senate has chosen to keep the status quo . Our lawmakers should be able to provide a fair and effective military justice system worthy of our veterans and service members , " he said . Senate blocks military sexual assault bill Gillibrand 's bill also had the support of the majority of the Senate , including potential 2016 Republican presidential contenders Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . Supporters cite a recent Pentagon study that showed an estimated 26,000 incidents of sex assault and unwanted sexual contact in 2012 , but just over 10 % of those were reported . "  The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result , " Paul said of the argument that that military commanders should be allowed to decide whether to prosecute rapes and sexual assault . However , Gillibrand 's measure was staunchly opposed by both the Pentagon and the bipartisan leaders of the Armed Services Committee including South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsay Graham who had choice words for Republican presidential hopefuls who backed the bill . Rape victims say military labels them ` crazy ' McCaskill argued that reforms that became law last year will increase sexual assault prosecutions . Those reforms include : removing the authority of commanders to overturn convictions ; providing attorneys to victims ; making it a crime to retaliate against a victim ; and requiring a dishonorable discharge for anyone convicted of sexual assault . The Senate did pass a separate bill Thursday authored by McCaskill that adds to new changes to the reforms adopted last year . The measure , which passed easily with Gillibrand 's support , nixes the so-called "  good soldier " defense , which allows defendants to present evidence of their good military character at sexual assault trials . McCaskill has a measure , co-sponsored by Republican Sens. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Deb Fischer of Nebraska , who also sit on the Armed Services Committee that would allow an outside civilian review to weigh in if a military commander and prosecutor disagree on sexual assault prosecution . A vote on that bill is expected next week . Groping allegation against Army officer who helps fight sex crime The political showdown over the sexual assault measure unfolded on the same day Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey A. Sinclair , who had been accused of "  forcible sodomy , " plead guilty to having an affair with that service member -- a military crime -- and to improper sexual conduct with two other subordinates . Additionally on Thursday , news broke the Army was investigating an officer whose job it was to train prosecutors on sexual assault for allegedly groping an Army lawyer in 2011 at a conference . CNN Senior Congressional Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Female senators engaged in political back-and-forth over how military handles sex assault Democratic Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand , Claire McCaskill differ on how to handle the issue Gillibrand wants more external oversight ; McCaskill advocates internal military reforms Though they differ on nuance , both lawmakers agree that major reforms are needed
CNN  -- Strong winds whipped up several wildfires in central Texas Sunday , threatening homes and forcing some residents to evacuate . The largest of the fires is in Bastrop County , southeast of Austin , said Lexi Maxwell , a spokeswoman with the Texas Forest Service . The blaze has so far scorched some 14,000 acres and is threatening about 1,000 homes , she said . It forced parts of state highways 71 and 21 to shut and additional road closures are expected , Maxwell said . Julian Ochoa , 23 , was evacuated from a Bastrop subdivision Sunday afternoon . He said he grabbed his dog , a toothbrush , his birth certificate and a few pictures . "  It was like a storm coming through . You could smell the earth burning , " said Ochoa , who does n't know yet whether his home is OK or not . "  All of Bastrop is a giant smoke cloud . " Fires were also reported in Travis , Leon , Colorado , Burnet and Caldwell counties . About 190 homes were evacuated in Travis County . A spokeswoman at the American Red Cross said it had opened four shelters and anticipates opening more . "  They are coming in so fast . The intelligence is sketchy at this point . There 's a lag of information , " Maxwell said about the fires . The National Weather Service issued a red flag warning Sunday across much of south , central and eastern Texas . A red flag warning means weather conditions -- mainly high heat , low humidity and strong winds -- pose an extreme fire risk . Sustained winds near 25 mph , with higher gusts , were forecast . Texas is currently battling its worst fire season in state history . A record 3.5 million acres have burned since the start of the season in November . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Anna Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Parts of Texas state highways 71 and 21 are closed About 190 homes are evacuated in Travis County , Texas The largest fire has scorched some 14,000 acres Texas is battling its worst fire season in state history
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Oil left on the surface of the Gulf of Mexico is breaking down naturally now that the flow of crude has been cut off beneath the surface , a Coast Guard admiral said Sunday after touring the scene . Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft said the remnants of Tropical Storm Bonnie did little to affect the oil slick , which is breaking down "  very quickly . " "  The storm itself was not that significant , " Zukunft told CNN after an aerial survey of the northern Gulf on Sunday . "  We 've had nine days of no new oil being released , so what we 're seeing is the remnants of oil that was released nine days ago . " BP crews managed to temporarily cap the undersea well at the heart of the three-month-old disaster on June 15 . But efforts to close off the gusher permanently by drilling a relief well were delayed by the storm , which forced the ships involved in the process to evacuate the area . Those ships have returned to the area since the storm , he told reporters Sunday night . Zukunft told reporters that he saw only one large patch of emulsified oil , about 12 miles off Grand Isle , Louisiana , during his six-hour aerial tour . No oil could be seen in Louisiana 's Lake Borgne , Lake Pontchartrain or Chandeleur Sound , while only a light sheen was visible in other parts of the Gulf . "  The oil is basically approaching the end of its life cycle , " he said . Oil had gushed from the ruptured well for nearly three months after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded April 20 , leaving 11 workers dead . Officials have said a relief well is the only permanent solution to the disaster , which saw as much as 60,000 barrels  2.5 million gallons  of crude spewing into the Gulf every day . Ships critical for drilling the well started evacuating Thursday and returning Saturday afternoon , once Bonnie lost her punch after crossing southern Florida . The weather forced officials to temporarily scale back efforts to search beneath the surface for leaking oil and permanently plug the leak , drawing some criticism from local officials that the federal government was overreacting to the storm . But retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , who is leading the federal government 's response to the spill , emphasized the need to move and protect equipment before a storm . He said told reporters Friday that he was still "  haunted " by the sight of submerged school buses "  that could not be used for the evacuation " after Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans in 2005 . "  We 're going to be playing a cat-and-mouse game for the remainder of the hurricane season , " Allen said . Sunday , Allen said officials were examining new oil deposits on the shoreline created by the storm , and booms that were in sensitive marsh areas caused damage during the storm and may need to be removed before another surge happens . But with the storm 's passing , work on the relief well is scheduled to continue , he said . And by August 1 , he said crews could begin pumping drilling "  mud " into the ruptured well to force oil back into the reservoir below -- a process known as a "  static kill . " CNN 's David Mattingly , Rich Phillips and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Admiral says oil on the surface is breaking down "  very quickly " NEW : Drill ships returned to the well site Sunday Tropical Storm Bonnie forced ships to evacuate Thursday night "  Static kill " effort could start August 1 , Allen says
The mother of a Georgia toddler who died in a sweltering SUV emphatically told a crowd at her son 's funeral she loves and stands by her husband , even though he was charged with murder in the child 's death . "  Am I angry with Ross ? " Leanna Harris said at the funeral in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . "  Absolutely not . It has never crossed my mind . Ross is and was and will be , if we have more children , a wonderful father . Ross is a wonderful daddy and leader for our household . Cooper meant the world to him . " This was the first time she 's spoken publicly since June 18 , when her husband , Justin Ross Harris , was charged with murder and second-degree child cruelty in the death of his son , Cooper Harris . He has pleaded not guilty . Police said Harris , 33 , told them he forgot to drop his 22-month-old son at the day-care center before going to work . The boy died after spending seven hours in a child safety seat in the back of an SUV . Suspect speaks to funeral by phone Earlier in the funeral service at University Church of Christ , Harris called from the Cobb County Jail outside Atlanta , where he 's being held without bond , and addressed the crowd by speaker phone . He was n't allowed to leave the jail for the funeral . "  Thank you for everything you 've done for my boy , " he said . "  Good life .  Inaudible  No words to say . Just horrible .  Inaudible  I 'm just sorry I ca n't be there . " Then Leanna Harris spoke . "  First of all Ross , I love you and I 'm doing this for you , OK ? " she said . "  Two years ago when we welcomed a 6-pound , 8-ounce perfect baby into the world , this never crossed my mind . " Child ` was perfect ' Leanna Harris said she worried about not being able to have a child and was joyous when Cooper was born . The couple had been married since 2006 . "  He was perfect , and he is perfect , " she said of Cooper . "  He changed mine and Ross ' life . I 've talked to you about the magnitude in which he changed it . As children do , he turned our lives upside down . ... I would n't trade it for the world . " The last two nights of Cooper 's life , he had trouble sleeping and ended up in bed between her and her husband , Leanna Harris said . "  I remember turning over in the middle of the night , his mouth was open and his full toddler lips just breathing right into my face , " she said . "  I will cherish that moment forever . " ` The Lord is holding me up ' Religion has helped her and her husband cope during this stressful time , she said . Police released search warrants showing that Ross Harris searched the Internet for information on child deaths in hot vehicles . The international media scrutinized the couple 's life . "  Some of you might wonder how I 'm even standing here today . I wonder that myself , and I asked myself that question over and over the last week , " she said . "  I should be crumpled into a heap of snot and tears into the dirt , but the Lord is holding me up right now . He is holding Ross up . And he is holding both of us up when we ca n't hold ourselves up . " Leanna Harris followed her son 's casket out of the church , still on the phone with her husband . Before hanging up , she said , "  I love you . " Toddler 's dad researched hot-car deaths of children online 5 key questions about Georgia toddler death Who is the father ?	The wife of suspect Justin Ross Harris breaks her silence at the funeral Leanna Harris said she 's ` absolutely not ' angry with her husband He is charged with murder in the death of their 22-month-old son The child died June 18 after being left seven hours in a hot SUV
A van plowed into shoppers at an outdoor Christmas market Monday in Nantes , France , injuring at least nine people in addition to the driver , police said . Four had serious wounds , plus the driver , police said . The driver stabbed himself twice after the incident , but is expected to survive , said Pierre-Henry Brandet , a spokesman for France 's Interior Ministry . French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve will head to Nantes Monday evening to meet with the families of the victims and rescue officials , Brandet told CNN affiliate BFM-TV . The investigation is just beginning , he said , but so far the Nantes prosecutor has said the incident appears to be an isolated case and not a terrorist attack . Authorities are investigating a notebook found with the attacker , Brandet said . It was not immediately clear whether the incident was related to one Sunday in Dijon , France , in which witnesses said a man shouting "  God is great " in Arabic rammed his vehicle into pedestrians . At least 12 people were injured by that vehicle , said police in Dijon , a city in eastern France . A man has been arrested in connection with the case , they said . BFM-TV reported that eyewitnesses heard the driver shout the phrase "  Allahu Akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is great . " On Saturday , a man stabbed three police officers in central France while allegedly calling out the same phrase . French counterterrorism authorities are investigating that attack . And France 's Prime Minister said earlier Monday that his country has never faced as serious a terrorism threat as it does right now . Police have n't revealed any possible motives in the vehicle incidents .	The driver stabbed himself twice after the incident , but is expected to survive An investigation is just beginning , a spokesman for France 's Interior Ministry says At least 9 are injured after a van plows into shoppers at a Christmas market It 's unclear if it 's related to a similar incident Sunday , when a vehicle rammed into pedestrians
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Angry supporters of a Bangladesh Islamist party leader , given the death penalty for a war crimes conviction , continued clashes with police Friday in different districts , pushing the death toll to 45 since demonstrations began , police said . Dhaka , the capital , was largely peaceful except for small clashes . An uneasy calm prevailed there , with little traffic on the usually bustling city roads . "  We see a long tailback  traffic backup  here in Dhaka almost everyday , but a wave of fear forced people to stay back home at the weekend , " said businessman Ariful Islam in the Dhanmondi residential area . A huge contingent of police and paramilitary troopers was deployed to ward off further violence . Anti-riot police guarded major mosques in Muslim majority Bangladesh on Friday , the weekly holiday . "  The situation is very much under control , " the inspector general of Bangladesh police , Hassan Mahmood Khandker , told CNN . Besides the police , the Rapid Action Battalion and paramilitary troopers from Border Guards of Bangladesh patrolled . Road and rail communications were seriously disrupted as the protesters blocked highways and rail tracks in many places . Local police said at least three people were killed in Friday 's violence outside Dhaka and five others injured on Thursday succumbed to their injuries . The 45 dead included five on-duty policemen , according to authorities . Police feared that the trouble might escalate next week because the Jamaat-e-Islami party announced a 48-hour general strike to begin Sunday . The opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party called a countrywide general strike on Wednesday in protest of what it said were "  the killings by police firing " in the recent wave of unrest . Thirty-seven of the 45 dead were killed Thursday as Jamaat-e-Islami movement supporters clashed with police after the court sentenced Delwar Hossain Sayedee , one of the party 's top leaders , to death . Sayedee , 73 , was found guilty of eight counts out of 20 charges involving killings and rapes during the country 's war of independence more than four decades ago and was sentenced to hang . Two International Crimes Tribunals set up by Bangladesh in 2010 were dealing with cases against 13 people . Separated with the help of India , Bangladesh had been the eastern part of Pakistan until it gained independence in 1971 in a war that claimed between 1 million and 3 million lives . Jamaat-e-Islami opposed East Pakistan 's struggle for independence and has decried what it calls a smear campaign against it . The movement called the trial against Sayedee politically motivated .	Clashes continue in country Heavy security evident Delwar Hossain Sayedee was convicted of war crimes dating back to 1971 His political party says the allegations are part of a smear campaign
A rookie police officer shot and killed an unarmed 28-year-old man in an unlit stairwell of a housing project in what New York 's top cop said Friday was "  a very unfortunate tragedy ... involving an accidental discharge . " The victim , identified as Akai Gurley , was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Officer Peter Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn late Thursday , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters . Shot once in the chest , Gurley died at a hospital later . Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , has been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . "  A life was lost and my heart goes out to the family of the young man , " Mayor Bill de Blasio said . "  It does appear to have been an accident . " The shooting comes amid strained police/community relations after the July death of Eric Garner at the hands of police on Staten Island . The chokehold death of the unarmed 43-year-old man sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury will decide whether to bring charges against the officer . A few weeks later , the police shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , of unarmed teenager Michael Brown thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury decision on whether to charge Officer Darren Wilson is expected soon . "  What happened in Ferguson is different than what happened on Staten Island is different than what happened in Brooklyn , " de Blasio said . "  Each of them has their own dynamic . " Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson , in a statement , said the shooting was "  deeply troubling and warrants an immediate , fair and thorough investigation . " "  Many questions must be answered , including whether , as reported , the lights in the hallway were out for a number of days , and how this tragedy actually occurred , " Thompson said . Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton said . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the 8th floor , Bratton said , when the officer discharged the weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old child , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . The lights on the seventh and eighth floors were not working , Bratton said . The police commissioner said the decision on when to draw a weapon is the discretion of officers "  based on what they are encountering or believe they may encounter . So there is not a specific prohibition against taking a firearm out . But again , as in all cases , an officer would have to justify the circumstances that required him to or resulted in unholstering his firearm . " The shooting also is being investigated by police internal affairs . "  This is a tragic situation , " de Blasio said . "  It does appear to have been a very tragic accident . "	Akai Gurley , 28 , was shot after entering a stairwell in Brooklyn with girlfriend A rookie police officer "  accidentally discharged " his weapon , police say Police Commissioner William Bratton calls victim a "  total innocent " Brooklyn D.A. Ken Thompson says shooting is "  deeply troubling "
CNN  -- The extremist Sunni militant group that recently declared a caliphate in parts of Syria and Iraq wrested control of a major Syrian oil field in a sweeping land grab Thursday , a UK-based monitoring group said . A string of villages and towns along the Euphrates River fell like dominoes to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , bridging the Syrian province of Deir Ezzour with the group 's recently gained territories in Iraq 's Sunni heartland , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights  SOHR  reported . A video statement from the leaders in the town of al-Shahil announcing their withdrawal from all anti-ISIS organizations triggered the quick fall of a majority of Deir Ezzour province . "  We also decided to swear allegiance to the Caliph Abo Baker Al Baghdadi , noting that we are not responsible for those who breach this agreement and to call him to account if possible , " a town representative in the video says in reference to ISIS 's shadowy leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Fighters for the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front , the largest and most powerful affront to ISIS , had been headquartered in al-Shahil . Fighters began melting away late Wednesday . After taking control of al-Shahil , ISIS demanded that fighters surrender their weapons and repent for fighting ISIS . It then called on residents to leave the town for a week to 10 days until "  peace returns to the streets , " a social media video obtained by activists shows . MAPS : Understanding the Iraq crisis With Nusra Front 's bastion in the east defeated , ISIS militants simply rolled through , unopposed , staking their black and white flag through most of the oil-rich province , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Deir Ezzour said in a statement . "  Most of the activists that were opposed to ISIS have disappeared . Some are trying to flee to Turkey and others are pledging allegiance to the Islamic State along with other factions . " Abu Abdallah , an opposition activist in Deir Ezzour , told CNN . The capture of al-Omar oil field , the country 's largest and most important oil facility , with a capacity to produce 75,000 barrels of oil daily , is the jewel in a string of gains that includes a military airport and a local army base . "  We took control without any clashes . They just fled , " a bearded radical fighter from ISIS said in amateur video posted online Thursday from the oil field , "  as proof , here is their ammunition and weapons . " Resource-poor rebel factions in Aleppo responded to the series of surrenders by calling for a full mobilization of all able-bodied men to fight ISIS 's relentless march on opposition held territory in Syria . "  We demand that everyone , including civilians , report to the front lines so it will be a decisive war between us and them . Let 's us show them what Aleppo is made of , " a statement from Abu Tawfiq , a Tawheed Brigade military commander , reads . "  We should never allow them to keep destroying our country and killing our people . Anyone who does not heed this call has no excuse . " ISIS , so radical that al Qaeda 's central command disowned it earlier this year , now controls an estimated 20,000 non-contiguous square miles stretching from Syria 's Aleppo Province to just 60 kilometers west of the Iraqi capital , according to the SOHR . The group rules by a barbaric interpretation of Islamic law that includes the torture and imprisonment of opponents , the oppression of women and Christians , and even public beheadings and crucifixions Last weekend , the group announced the creation of a so-called Islamic State or Caliphate that erases all state borders and make its leader the self-declared authority over the world 's 1.5 billion Muslims . While many members of the faith dismiss the claims as outlandish , analysts say the rapid rise of the fanatical force is sure to have a lasting impact on the region , particularly in weak Middle Eastern states such as Jordan . 8 killed in Baghdad bombing as Iraqi PM declares amnesty for tribes Colorado woman accused of trying to help ISIS CNN 's Raja Razek in Beirut contributed to this report .	Oil field had been in hands of al Qaeda affiliate Nusra Front Field can produce 75,000 barrels of oil daily ISIS declared caliphate in parts of Syria and Iraq over the weekend
CNN  -- Qatari driver Nasser Al-Attiyah described winning his first Dakar Rally title as "  the biggest moment in my career " following Saturday 's final stage of the testing endurance race . Carlos Sainz won the 13th leg into Buenos Aires from Cordoba to extend his career record of stage wins to 24 , but the defending car champion finished third overall behind South African Giniel De Villiers as their Volkswagen team filled the podium . The 40-year-old Al-Attiyah was delighted following his second-place finish last year , and a disqualification in 2009 . "  It means a lot to win a Dakar , for me , for my people , for my country and for my team , " he told the race 's official website after finishing second in the final stage to head off De Villiers by almost 50 minutes . "  It is a great victory . It 's hard to explain everything that goes through your head . But it is a very nice feeling . We demonstrated that we have the strongest team in the world . It is the third time the team has won a Dakar . The ultimate endurance race ? "  It is also the biggest moment in my career . I think that now people will finally know where Qatar is located . " Al-Attiyah also competed for his country at last year 's Asian Games in China in shooting , and reached the final of the skeet event . Sainz 's challenge effectively ended with a broken suspension on Thursday , but he finished strongly with wins in the final two stages for seven victories in the 2011 edition , which started and ended in Argentina after heading into Chile through the Andes mountains and Atacama desert . "  No , I am not disappointed . This is how the race goes . After two tough weeks , there is nothing left to say . I gave it my very best shot , " said the 48-year-old Spaniard , a two-time world rally champion . His compatriot Marc Coma clinched a third motorbike crown as he came home fifth , a place behind his main rival and defending champion Cyril Depres of France to guarantee a 15-minute winning margin . "  We all know that a Dakar is a difficult race , but this year it was particularly difficult , " Coma said . "  This victory is the reward of all the hard work , the reward of many years and a lot of tensions over the last few days . It is the bonus you get for steering right and for so many sacrifices over the years . " Russia 's Vladimir Chagin won a record seventh truck title ahead of Kamaz teammates Firdaus Kabirov , Eduard Nikolaev and Ilgizar Mardeev . Argentina 's Alejandro Patronelli similarly had a big lead going into the final leg , and clinched his first title in the quad bike category as he emulated the 2010 feat of his younger brother Marcos . Alejandro , second last year , broke his hand with before the 15-day race reached halfway , while Marcos was ruled out after breaking his leg in training in December . "  Here I am , champion with one-and-a-half hands ! What a reward . I had not won anything since 2000 and I am now Dakar 's number one ! I just can not believe it , " Alejandro said .	Volkswagen teammates fill podium as Dakar Rally finishes in Argentina Nasser Al-Attiyah makes up for past disappointments with his first car title Spain 's Marc Coma completes his third victory in the motorbike category Vladimir Chagin wins record seventh truck title and Alejandro Patronelli wins quad bikes
CNN  -- Eight people were killed in a bombing in the Turkish city of Gaziantep , an official in the Interior Ministry said Monday . A spokesman for the Gaziantep governorship said 66 people were wounded in the blast . Interior Minister Idris Naim Sahin is planning to visit Gaziantep , a major industrial hub in southeastern Turkey , on Tuesday , said the Interior Ministry official , who is not authorized to speak with the media . Also Monday , the district headquarters of the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party was set on fire , parliamentarian Nursel Aydogan said . It is rare to hear of an attack this deadly in Gaziantap , which is outside of the usual area of operations for the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . Turkey , the United States and the European Union have formally labeled the PKK a terrorist organization . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack .	The bombing occurred in a city in southeastern Turkey The area is not usually known as site of terrorist attacks Eight people died , 66 were injured in attack
Ryan Ferguson , vindicated in the murder of a Missouri newspaper editor , said Wednesday he holds few grudges against an old pal whose bogus testimony landed him in prison for a decade . In fact , he said , Charles Erickson should be a free man , too . The 29-year-old conceded he has some hard feelings toward Erickson -- after all , his 20s were taken from him -- but when asked whether he bore ill will toward the former classmate with whom he was drinking the night of the murder , he flatly called for Erickson 's release . "  He 's not a murderer . He 's been taken advantage of by those in the justice system , " Ferguson said . Having served roughly a quarter of his 40-year sentence , Ferguson refused to speculate on whether prosecutors acted maliciously -- despite that two of the prosecution 's key witnesses later recanted their damning testimony and an appeals court judge ruled that prosecutors withheld evidence at trial . "  They 've taken my 20s , and I 'll never have that back . ... Those are amazing years , obviously , " he said . "  I 've never really lived as an adult in the free world . " The Jefferson City Correctional Center released Ferguson on Tuesday after Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster said he would n't retry Ferguson . Ferguson and Erickson , both 17 at the time , were drinking illegally at a college bar early on November 1 , 2001 . About five blocks away , Columbia Tribune sports editor Kent Heitholt turned off his computer after a late night and walked out to the newspaper parking lot shortly after 2 a.m. , according to court documents . Heitholt was struck from behind and strangled with his own belt , according to the documents . Police found hair , blood and fingerprints at the scene , and a police dog tracked a scent to a University of Missouri dorm , according to a website devoted to Ferguson 's defense . Police questioned a janitor , Jerry Trump , who said he could not identify the individuals involved in the crime , court documents say . More than two years later , Erickson told police he had "  dream-like " memories of committing the crime , resulting in his and Ferguson 's March 2004 arrest . Ferguson told police that he recalled driving Erickson home that night before going home himself , according to the documents . Erickson implicated Ferguson at trial , as did Trump , who had gone to prison himself on a parole violation the month after the murder . Trump testified that a newspaper article his wife sent him in prison in early 2004 jogged his memory about what he saw that night , court documents say . That testimony was key to Ferguson 's release , because prosecutors had interviewed Trump 's wife , who denied sending him the article . Prosecutors failed to disclose that interview , and Judge Cynthia Martin , in a summary of last week 's decision , wrote , "  The undisclosed interview was material , resulting in a verdict that was not worthy of confidence . " Ferguson found out he would be released when his lawyer came to the prison , holding up a piece of paper behind the protective glass that separates visitors from inmates . On it , she had quickly scrawled two words : "  It 's over . " "  I feel like Jay Leno or something , " Ferguson said to supporters after his release . He said his first stop as a free man might be at a Dairy Queen , and the profile photo on the Free Ryan Ferguson Facebook site was later updated to show a grinning Ferguson in a gray V-neck sweater , sitting at a bar with a beer and a steak . Now that he 's out , Ferguson said he and his legal team will be looking into the prosecution 's conduct in the case . He also said it was "  incredibly important " to him that Heitholt 's killer be found . "  I believe we know who did it . It 's a matter of proving it and getting help from authorities at this point , " he said , declining to name names . "  I think the facts show clearly who did it . " It 's unclear if Ferguson is entitled to any compensation for his incarceration . Missouri law says wrongly incarcerated people are entitled to restitution , but only if they 're determined to be "  actually innocent " as a result of DNA analysis . Though court documents say none of the DNA at the crime scene matched Ferguson or Erickson , the judge cited only the witness 's wife 's interview in overturning Ferguson 's conviction . "  The individual may receive an amount of fifty dollars per day for each day of post-conviction incarceration for the crime for which the individual is determined to be actually innocent , " the statute says . Ferguson attributed his grace in this difficult time to his upbringing . While in prison , he read , studied and took care of himself while "  preparing for my life " and never allowing himself to "  look too far into the future , " he said previously . He added Wednesday that his confidence in his own innocence also helped him survived his decade in prison . "  I believe in myself . I know what I 've done in my life . I know what 's right and wrong . ... I knew someday I would prove my innocence , " he said . "  I just kept moving forward . "	Ryan Ferguson , 29 , released after serving quarter of 40-year sentence for murder , robbery Judge in case ruled that prosecution withheld "  material " interview with witness 's wife Ferguson says of man who helped land him behind bars , "  He 's not a murderer " He says it 's "  incredibly important " to find the real killer , to whom evidence points
CNN  -- Six-time boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather returns to the ring Saturday for the first time in more than a year , squaring off against Victor Ortiz . Mayweather , 34 , has won all 41 of his professional fights and is a six-time world champion at five different weights . He is hoping to add more laurels at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas -- specifically , the World Boxing Council welterweight championship that Ortiz won after beating Andre Berto in April . The opponent for Mayweather , who has 25 knockouts over his professional career , is not the man many hoped he 'd fight next : Eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao . But disagreements over drug testing and other issues have repeatedly derailed these talks . Instead , Ortiz will be his opponent . The 24-year-old American has suffered two defeats and two draws in his 33 fights . "  I 'm a world champion for a reason , and I am not going to let go of my title any time soon , " Ortiz said soon after the match was announced . "  This is going to be a great fight , but I will remain a world champion for many years to come . " In a teleconference last week to promote the fight , Mayweather said that -- despite concerns about rust and age -- he "  still feel  s  strong when I get to the gym . " "  I still think I 'm very , very sharp ... and I think the reason why is , I do n't think that I have been in any toe-to-toe wars , " he said . Recently , Mayweather has made headlines more for his legal run-ins outside the ring than his performance in it . That includes his arrest last December on a misdemeanor battery charge , after he allegedly assaulted a security guard at his housing complex . Also , his former girlfriend has also accused the boxer of domestic violence . A criminal trial is scheduled to start in January . HBO -- like CNN , a division of Time Warner -- reports that Mayweather is the defendant in a total of six court cases , including one levied by Pacquiao alleging defamation . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	6-time world champion Floyd Mayweather has n't boxed in more than a year He 'll fight WBC welterweight champion Victor Ortiz on Saturday night in Las Vegas Ortiz , 24 , has a 29-2-2 record ; Mayweather is undefeated in his 41 bouts Mayweather is facing at least 6 lawsuits and has had several run-ins with the law
CNN  -- Alberto Contador has criticized the two-year suspension he received for doping -- and has vowed to return to cycling in August even stronger than before . On Monday , the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  found Contador guilty of taking banned substance clenbuterol , although they also ruled that the Spaniard did not ingest it intentionally and was likely a victim of a contaminated food supplement . But the 29-year-old , who addressed a packed press conference at a hotel in his home town of Pinto , just south of Madrid , said he was disgusted with the outcome and protested his innocence . "  I am going to continue cycling , " said Contador . "  I am going to continue practicing it cleanly , the way I have my entire life . "  My mood right now is not the best but I know this will make me stronger in the future , " added Contador , who blamed contaminated steak for his positive test . He continued : "  Anyone who reads the decision will clearly see that I did not take drugs . The hardest thing has been to see the suffering my family has been through . " Contador 's positive test related to the 2010 Tour de France , which he won by just 39 seconds ahead of Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck . It was made public by Contador himself in August 2010 , with the two-year ban backdated to that announcement , meaning he can resume racing in seven months . However , Contador has been stripped of all his victories from that period , with Schleck now awarded the 2010 Tour de France title and Italian Michele Scarponi named the winner of the 2011 Giro d'Italia . He will miss this year 's Giro , Tour and Olympic Games . However , he will be eligible for the 2012 Tour of Spain , a race he won in 2008 , and for the world championships in Limburg , Netherlands . Contador would not elaborate on his future racing plans , saying : "  I still do n't know what my program will be after my suspension . "  I have to organize my future but that does not depend only on me . What I know for sure is that I want to continue to win the biggest races in the world . "	Alberto Contador has vowed to come back stronger after his two-year drugs suspension Contador is banned until August 2012 after being found guilty of taking banned clenbuterol Court of Arbitration for Sport suspended Contador despite finding he did not dope
Moscow  CNN  -- At least 141 people have died as floodwaters surge through southern Russia 's Krasnodar region , state-run media reported Sunday , citing Russia 's Interior Ministry . Of those killed , 130 are in the Krymsk district , nine in Gelendzhik district and two in the Black Sea port of Novorossiisk , the ministry said , according to Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency . The flash floods follow heavy rains since Friday . Saturday , Russian President Vladimir Putin visited the affected areas , meeting with local officials and surveying damage from the air . The Krymsk district is a mostly rural area with many one-story homes , Russia 's state news agency Itar-Tass reported . Devastating India floods leave 95 dead , millions homeless Floodwaters rose 7 meters  23 feet  overnight in Krymsk , the news agency said , flooding homes while most people were still asleep . Others were rescued by police after seeking refuge on roofs and in trees , it said . The death toll has climbed steadily through the day as the waters have gradually subsided , allowing police to find more bodies in flooded buildings in Krymsk . Television footage from the Krasnodar region showed scenes of flooded streets , stranded vehicles and people wading through torrents of knee-deep muddy water outside homes . The state-run Ria Novosti news agency said dozens of passenger trains have been diverted in the region as the water level remains 19 inches above the tracks . Krasnodar also suffered deadly flooding in October 2010 , when torrential rains in mountainous areas caused rivers to overflow , flooding villages nearby . Officials : 95 dead after heavy ran , floods in Bangladesh CNN 's Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 141 people have died in the flooding , government officials say Russian President Vladimir Putin visits the affected areas Police find more bodies as flood waters recede in the Krymsk district Floodwaters rose sharply and inundated homes as people slept , reports say
Wired  -- Google 's Android platform has been growing steadily since its release in 2008 . Now , one out of every three U.S. smartphone owners is using an Android-based device , according to a recent report . So why are n't developers more excited about the platform ? Of the 69.5 million Americans who owned smartphones as of the end of February , 33 percent used Android devices , according to a report from ComScore . It 's a leap of 7 points in a period of only three months . The growth of Apple 's iOS remained stagnant , seeing only a 0.2 percent increase over the same period of time . Competitors Microsoft , HP and RIM were the ones who suffered as Android grew , with drops of 1.3 percent , 1.1 percent and 4.6 percent , respectively . The five companies ' smartphone market share is shown in the table below . The growth is partly a numbers game . One of Google 's advantages is the sheer number of phone models running Android . Hardware makers have announced more than 10 different Android devices in the first three months of this year , far more than those running Google 's competitors . By contrast , HP announced two new phones in February  the first mobile phone hardware release from the company in far too long  , only one Windows Phone 7 device has appeared in 2011 , and we 're probably not going to see the iPhone 5 anytime soon . For all of Android 's success , however , the platform has yet to fully satisfy its application developer base . Baird Research shared the results of a recent developer survey with Wired.com , showing that more than 50 percent of developers questioned "  view fragmentation " -- the disparity in software versions across device manufacturers and handsets -- to be a "  meaningful or serious " problem . Developers also expressed concern over the fragmentation of the app ecosystem on Android , saying they generally preferred a "  unified , single-store experience like Apple 's App store . " For customers who enjoy Android 's openness , the lack of a single app store is hardly a problem . Those who wish to go outside the walled garden of Apple 's iOS  but do n't necessarily want to jailbreak their phones  can do so fairly easily on an Android device -- or they can use alternative app stores , like Amazon 's . But for developers who wants their programs to make serious money , a nonunified app ecosystem may be less than desirable . Fully 74 percent of respondents said developing for Apple 's iOS gave the best opportunities for paid-app revenues , and twice as many developers claimed their apps were more visible in Apple 's app store than they were in the Android Market . We may see a shift in developer attitudes as Android continues to mature and further improve its app ecosystem . Google launched the Android Market web store in February , and just last week it officially enabled in-app billing , allowing developers to charge customers for items purchased within an application . In addition , a several developers have made six-figure revenues from Android apps , with a couple scoring million-dollar paydays . With the promise of big money , and a huge base of customers to target , developers have a strong incentive to continue coding for Android . Indeed , despite the complaints , 71 percent of respondents said that they have developed apps for the platform . Whether they 're currently satisfied with Google 's OS or not , it looks like developers will continue writing code for it . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Android keeps growing , with one out of three U.S. smartphone owners using it Some developers say they do n't like the fragmented nature of Android 's store , software Developer attitudes could improve as Google 's system continues to mature
New York  CNN  -- Five-year-old Anthony Smith did n't think superheroes wore hearing aids , until he became one . His mother , Christina D'Allesandro , says the epic journey began in May , when her superhero-fanatic son , who is deaf in one ear and partially deaf in the other , refused to wear his blue hearing aid because "  superheroes do n't wear hearing aids " either . Desperate , she decided to consult the experts . She found a general e-mail address on the Marvel Comics website and sent a message "  into the ethers , " asking if there were any hearing-impaired superheroes . A few weeks later , the mother of two was shocked to get an overwhelming response from Marvel , including comic book art that honored her son . "  When he first saw the comic book cover , he said , ` Oh my God , it 's me , ' " she told CNN . "  He was very excited . " "  We decided to make him an honorary Avenger , " a member of the Marvel Comics superhero crime-fighting team , said Bill Rosemann , a Marvel editor . Two artists , Manny Mederos and Nelson Ribeiro , sent the D'Allesandro family comic book covers featuring their very own versions of honorary Avenger Blue Ear , inspired by Anthony , whose blue earpiece gives him the power to hear a pin drop from the other side of a state . One cover features a younger Anthony and his buddy Hawkeye ready to fight crime . The other shows an older version of Blue Ear perched on a rooftop , tapping into his superpower and listening to a faraway call for help . On Tuesday , the young New Hampshire boy is being welcomed as a special guest at an event at the Center for Hearing and Communication clinic in New York City , where he will get to meet a fellow crime-fighting partner in the Marvel universe , Iron Man . "  The reason why it was so easy for us to respond to this is because our characters , which were invented around the '60s , all have real challenges . " Rosemann said . He talked about how all the characters "  became superheroes despite of -- or because of -- the challenges they face . " Under his elastic Spidey skin is a skinny Peter Parker , who constantly gets picked on at school , Rosemann said . As a boy , superhero Daredevil was blinded in an accident that also gave him a radar sense . And Iron Man first created armor to fix his heart , and he then developed the armor into his famous suit . "  We link challenges with their superpowers , " Rosemann said . "  Our mantra is what  Marvel Comics chief  Stan Lee said : With great power there must come great responsibility . Our guys thought , ` If I have the ability to draw , I am going to use it to help someone like Anthony feel comfortable about his hearing aid . ' " Rosemann and his team collaborated with Phonak , the maker of Anthony 's hearing aid , and came up with a poster to be distributed in doctors ' offices across the country in an effort to destigmatize kids with hearing aids . The poster , to be unveiled at Tuesday 's special event , features none other than fearless Iron Man , whose message is that kids who use hearing aids are just like him because "  they are using technology to be their best self . " "  It will be an Iron Man and Blue Ear team-up , " Rosemann said about the event . Closer to home , all the attention has brought excitement and meaning for Anthony and his mother . "  In this house , we are looking forward to meeting Iron Man , " D'Allesandro said . "  He is a big Avengers fan . " The experience has given Anthony the confidence and the ability to talk about his disability , she said . "  He goes up to kids and says , ` Hey , I have a little ear and a blue ear . Do you want to play ? ' " People have reached out to her , and she says her family is grateful that this experience has connected her and her son to a wonderful network of families with special needs children . When asked if there is a comic book series on the horizon featuring Blue Ear , Rosemann said , "  There is nothing planned right now , but with so many people responding to Blue Ear , you never know what 's next ... " "  People should just stay tuned . "	Marvel Comics artists make Anthony Smith , 5 , an honorary Avenger He inspired Blue Ear , who can hear faint sounds from great distances The challenges they faced made Marvel Comics superheroes what they are , editor says Anthony will meet fellow crime-fighting partner Iron Man at a special event Tuesday
At least 40 people in northern Nigeria were killed Wednesday in two suicide blasts targeting a renowned Muslim cleric and an opposition politician , prompting a round-the-clock curfew to prevent chaos . "  We have recorded two suicide blasts today in the city , which have killed 40 people , " Kaduna State Police Commissioner Umar Shehu said of the blasts that also injured scores of people . Twenty-five people were killed in the first blast , which targeted the motorcade of Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi , the revered leader of the Tijjaniyya Sufi order in Nigeria , after he left the finale of an annual Koranic conference . The second blast occurred about two hours later and killed at least 15 people , officials said . It targeted Muhammadu Buhari , the former military ruler and opposition presidential candidate in the 2007 and 2011 elections . Both targeted figures escaped unhurt . Nigerian President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan condemned the bombings and "  commiserates with all those who were injured in the twin bombings in this holy month of Ramadan , which defy the tenets of Islam , " adviser Reuben Abati said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said America "  deplores today 's twin bombings in Kaduna , Nigeria , which targeted Shaykh Dahiru Usman Bauchi , one of the country 's most respected Muslim scholars , during the month of Ramadan . " She added that reports cited how former head of state Buhari may have also been targeted . Kaduna Gov. Mukhtar Ramalan Yero imposed a 24-hour curfew on the city of Kuduna "  to enable security agencies  to  restore normalcy , " spokesman Ahmed Maiyaki said . Opinion : Nigeria 's kidnapped girls not forgotten 15,000 flee after Boko Haram overtakes Nigerian town Nigeria arrests suspect in April bus station bombing	One of the bombs targets Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi , a Muslim cleric Another targets Muhammadu Buhari , the former military ruler Both figures were unharmed Nigerian President condemns the attack during Ramadan
CNN  Patrick Sondenheimer loved his work as a pilot . But the 34-year-old captain of Germanwings Flight 9525 was also a loving father , his grandmother said . "  I am devastated , " said his grandmother , who asked for privacy for the family . "  His death came so sudden and it leaves my whole family in shock . " Sondenheimer is one of 150 people who died last week when the plane crashed in the French Alps on its way from Barcelona , Spain , to Dusseldorf , Germany . Authorities have accused the plane 's co-pilot of deliberately downing the jet , but are still investigating what caused the crash and trying to pinpoint what his motive may have been . Investigators have n't officially released the captain 's name , and in many German media reports he 's described simply as "  Patrick S. " But several relatives confirmed his identity to CNN . He had logged more than 6,000 hours of flight time , had been with Germanwings since May 2014 and had worked with Lufthansa and Condor before that , the Germanwings press office said . The married father of a 3-year-old son and a 6-year-old daughter switched to flying for the budget airline so he could be closer to his family , the Independent reported , citing German media . In a leaked transcript that purportedly documents the flight 's final moments , Sondenheimer -- locked out of the cockpit after a bathroom break -- pleads with the co-pilot to let him back in as the plane plunges down toward the French Alps . "  Open the damn door ! " he says at one point in a recording from one of the plane 's so-called black boxes , according to a report published by German tabloid newspaper Bild . The recording , according to Bild , also includes the sounds of loud metallic bangs that sound like someone trying to knock down the cockpit door . "  He deserves the German Medal of Honor for his heroic attempt to break into the cockpit , " his grandmother told CNN . As details emerge about Sondenheimer and Flight 9525 's final moments , a chorus of social media users has also hailed him as a hero . Over the weekend , Sondenheimer 's father and other family members visited a memorial for the victims in the French Alps . Francois Balique , mayor of Le Vernet , met with them there . He described the captain 's father as a broken man , with many questions about why the crash had happened . Investigators have n't said much about the captain , but they 've emphasized that it seems he did everything he could to try to get back into the cockpit after he was locked out . Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said last week that "  violent blows as if to break down the door " are audible in the cockpit voice recording . "  He must have realized what was going on , " Robin said . "  And if he 'd been able to open the door ... the captain would have done it . " CNN 's Felix Gussone , David Fitzpatrick , Bharati Naik , Tim Lister , Pamela Brown , Karl Penhaul and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Patrick Sondenheimer 's grandmother describes him as a loving father German media report he decided to fly for Germanwings to be closer to his family Social media posts describe him as a hero for trying to save the flight
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Army will report Thursday the highest level of suicides among its soldiers since it began tracking the rate 28 years ago , CNN has learned . The Army is expected to announce a new effort to study soldier suicides and links to post-combat stress . Statistics obtained by CNN show that the Army will report 128 confirmed suicides last year and an additional 15 suspected suicides in cases under investigation among active-duty soldiers and activated National Guard and reserves . The confirmed rate of suicides was 20.2 per 100,000 . Army officials were reviewing the suspected suicides Wednesday . If any of them are confirmed , the rate will rise . In 2007 , the Army reported 115 confirmed suicides , the highest level since 1980 , when it began tracking suicides . The Army is expected to announce a new effort to study the problem and determine why its suicide-prevention programs appear not to be working , and the extent to which post-combat stress may be a contributing factor . Many of the suicides occur after troops return home . The Army has long cited personal stress -- including financial , relationship and substance-abuse problems -- as the major reason for suicides , but it is also studying the extent to which deployments to a war zone may play a role . Last month , Army officials said the nation 's suicide rate was 19.5 people per 100,000 , a 2005 figure considered the most recent . Military officials have long said it is difficult to compare the military suicide rate with that of the private sector because of demographic differences and overall human stress factors . Another factor is that military suicides tend to be young men with access to weapons . Suicides for Marines were also up in 2008 . Marines had 41 suicides in 2008 , up from 33 in 2007 and 25 in 2006 , according to a Marines report The numbers did not surprise Kevin Lucey , whose 23-year-old son , Jeffrey M. Lucey -- a former Marine -- hanged himself on June 22 , 2004 -- 11 months after returning from Iraq . The night before , "  Jeffrey asked if he could sit in my lap and if we could rock , " Lucey said . "  It was about 11:30 at night . And I rocked him for about 45 minutes . Now here you have a 23-year-old , 150-pound Marine that I 'm just rocking and his therapist said it was his last gasp . It was his last place for refuge , and then the next time I held him in my lap was when I was taking him down from the rafters . He had put the hose around his neck double-looped and he was dead . " He said his son had not been able to get the treatment he needed from the Veterans Administration . "  What is disappointing is that the intervention does n't appear to be there at the present time , " he told CNN in a telephone interview from his home in western Massachusetts . The government settled with the family for $ 350,000 . "  The foolish part of all this is we just wanted someone to say they did wrong , " he said . "  But no one would until recently . " Lucey said the U.S. attorney , acting on behalf of the Veterans Administration , told him his son 's case had led the VA mental system to be changed . Fear of stigma also may have played a role in making his son reluctant to seek professional help . His son , Lucey said , was afraid that getting mental help would affect his chances of getting a job as a state trooper . Apparently it did not . "  A year after he died , they accepted him , " the father said . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this story .	Army to report 128 confirmed suicides , 15 suspected suicides in 2008 Number is Army 's highest for one year since tracking began in 1980 Army in 2007 had 115 confirmed suicides -- previously the highest number
CNN  -- It 's the gaming industry 's gold standard , once named by Guinness World Records as the most influential video game in history . Now , Nintendo is turning to "  Super Mario Kart " once again , hoping the beloved , 22-year-old franchise can save sales of its faltering Wii U console . "  Mario Kart 8 " was released on Friday . It comes at a time when once dominant Nintendo has already slashed its sales forecast for the Wii U down to just 3.6 million for the current fiscal year . By comparison , sales of Sony 's PlayStation 4 console , released nearly a year after the Wii U , have already eclipsed the Nintendo 's total Wii U sales since its 2012 launch . Among the 5 million Wii U titles sold this fiscal year , "  Super Mario 3D World " and "  New Super Mario Bros. . U " have been among the most popular , and a new "  Super Smash Bros. " title , featuring Mario alongside other classic video game characters , is due later this year . But "  Mario Kart 8 " might be the Japanese company 's best chance for the popular plumber to help the slow-selling console regain its footing . Early results are promising . Nintendo reported the game sold 1.2 million units across Japan , Europe and the Americas during its first weekend . The game 's release in the United Kingdom corresponded with a 666 % increase in Wii U sales there , according to a British retail tracking company . Nearly 82 % of the consoles sold in the UK during that time were part of a bundle deal that included "  Mario Kart 8 . " No exact figures were available in the report , from the Association for UK Interactive Entertainment . But it was reportedly the best week of sales yet for a Wii U title and "  Mario Kart 8 " was the nation 's second-best selling title behind highly anticipated "  Watch_Dogs , " which is available for Xbox One , Xbox 360 , Playstation 4 , PlayStation 3 and Windows PCs  A Wii U version is coming later this year  . "  The early response to Mario Kart 8 demonstrates that the best days for Wii U are still ahead , " said Nintendo of America president and COO Reggie Fils-Aime in a press release . Mario Kart has always been a boon for the console it was released on since "  Super Mario Kart " hit for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System  SNES  22 years ago . "  Mario Kart Wii " sold more than 35 million copies since its release in 2008 . That 's more than the total number of Wii U games sold , according to numbers released by Nintendo . Long-time fans are always looking forward to a "  Mario Kart " game when they get their new device and "  Mario Kart 8 " is no exception . "  Nintendo 's developers are always looking for new and interesting elements to bring to a franchise , " said Marc Franklin , director of public relations for Nintendo of America . "  It 's a delicate balance to preserve the feel and integrity of a beloved franchise like ` Mario Kart ' while also making it fresh for longtime players . " Since the new title will remain a Wii U exclusive , Nintendo hopes that well-established fan love will push gamers off the fence and get them to buy the new console . Franklin did n't directly answer a question about whether "  Mario Kart " will boost sales over the long haul , but he sounded upbeat . "  There 's no doubt that ` Mario Kart ' is one of Nintendo 's most enduring franchises , and we 're grateful it has been well-received by fans , " he said . "  As always , it 'll be up to fans to decide whether this installment lives up to its pedigree . Based on initial reviews and fan reactions , we 're very encouraged . " "  Mario Kart 8 " has drawn mostly positive critical reviews from nearly all corners of the gaming press . Gameplay features were designed to deliver a fan experience that is new , yet true to what players love about the franchise . They include "  anti-gravity " racing , new weapons  including a Super Horn that finally can deflect the franchise 's dreaded blue Spiny Shell  , and a high-definition look . The game also includes new racers , karts and courses never seen in previous Mario Kart games , Franklin said . But it could be an uphill struggle . In a pre-release analysis , gaming site Polygon predicted "  Mario Kart 8 " will be the worst selling title in the franchise 's history because of the relatively small number of Wii U consoles sold . If all 6.2 million or so Wii U owners bought a copy , it would still be the second-worst selling title . The site projected "  Mario Kart 8 " will sell fewer than 2 million units by next spring , based on past sales vs. the number of consoles that existed for each of those games . Of course , Polygon acknowledges , if the game does indeed spur new console purchases , that number could trend upward -- though probably not enough to match the blockbuster sales of previous "  Kart " titles . At least publicly , Nintendo remains bullish on its games-first policy and thinks "  Mario Kart 8 " is a big part of it . "  Nintendo is preparing for a very strong first-party software line-up that people really want to try out , " Nintendo President Satoru Iwata told CNN last June when the company let people try out six new Wii U titles including "  Mario Kart 8 . " "  By selling the software , we 'd like to expand the hardware sales of the Wii U system . That 's our message . Software sells hardware . "	"  Mario Kart 8 , " the latest in the popular series , was released Friday It comes as Nintendo 's Wii U suffers from lackluster sales Nintendo is hoping the software will help sell hardware Early signs are good -- Wii U sales are up big in the UK
A days-long raid on a northeast Nigerian town by Boko Haram left dozens dead and displaced more than 15,000 residents , Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency reports . Scores of fighters armed with rocket-propelled grenades , explosives and guns descended on the town of Damboa early Thursday evening , residents and officials said . By the time the raid ended on Sunday , 66 residents had been killed and more than 15,000 had fled , NEMA spokesman Abdulkadir Ibrahim said . "  We lost 46 people on Thursday through Friday in Damboa and the gunmen pursued people who fled to nearby Fori and Kwairi villages where they killed 20 more , " Sheriff Muhammad , a spokesman for the Damboa local authority , said . The Islamic militant group 's trademark black flag was hoisted afterward , signifying that the town was under their control . "  Boko Haram have taken over Damboa where they erected their flags after the attack that forced all residents to flee , " said Sheriff Mohammed . But the Nigerian military tried to assure residents that it would retake the town . "  We are not conceding any portion of this country to any terrorist group , " said Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade , a Defense Ministry spokesman . "  We are going to reverse every form of insecurity in that area very soon . " Boko Haram launched an offensive against Damboa 's military base and police station July 4 that left six soldiers and five policeman dead , according to Nigeria 's defense ministry . But 50 militants were also killed that day , leading residents such as Ahmed Buba to think they had returned to exact revenge . "  We were defenseless because all the security personnel , including soldiers and policemen , have withdrawn , " Buba said . Boko Haram -- whose name translates to "  Western education is forbidden " in the Hausa language -- caused international outrage when it abducted 276 girls on April 14 from a Nigerian boarding school .	Boko Haram raid kills 66 in northeastern town of Damboa in Nigeria Town resident said they were left defenseless after fending off previous attack Nigerian military : "  We are not conceding any portion of this country to any terrorist group "
It may seem ironic that one of the most sustainable city infrastructure projects underway in the United States is taking shape in a metropolitan region known best for its traffic congestion and expansive urban sprawl . Or perhaps it should be expected here , where , consciously or not , we are beginning to reconcile the physical structure of highways and arterial roads on which we have prospered for the last 60 years with a dramatically changing marketplace that has rendered that structure newly less desirable . In either case , it is remarkable that in a region many view as the poster-child for urban sprawl , we also find the Atlanta BeltLine , a uniquely innovative , sustainable and ambitious idea that has begun to address not only the physical challenges of sprawl , but also to change Atlanta 's cultural expectations for itself and for its future . And for regions of the world as culturally different as China and The Netherlands , where one can find evidence of the same early steps toward urban sprawl that America took six decades ago , Atlanta 's grasp for more sustainable strategies should serve as fair warning . Read more about the Atlanta BeltLine scheme In college , I spent a year abroad in Paris and almost every day I would walk under an abandoned railroad viaduct on my way to the grocery store or laudromat . When I returned a few years later , the viaduct had been transformed . At street level its large brick vaults were filled with arts-related studios and businesses , reinvented as the Viaduc des Arts . And along the railroad up top there was the Promenade Plantee , a linear garden walk with a third-story vantage point that changes the way you see Paris and how people might think about obsolete urban infrastructure and public space . Later in graduate school , I envisioned a much larger transformation for my own hometown . The Atlanta BeltLine began its current reincarnation as my thesis project on public transit , economic development and community revitalization . The proposal repurposes a loop of mostly abandoned railroad tracks encircling downtown into a sustainable new transportation corridor and a signature public meeting ground comprised of a linear park with an electric tramway and multi-use trails . It reinvigorates 45 diverse neighborhoods along the way , organizes adjacent abandoned industrial land for transit-oriented development , expands transit service within the urban core , and connects various parts of an emerging regional trail system . But while this physical transformation of underutilized infrastructure is a relevant precedent for other cities -- the Promenade Plantee is itself a prototype for the much larger , BeltLine-scaled Petite Ceinture that encircles the historic heart of Paris -- that may not be its most compelling story . In a world that faces daunting challenges for sustainable urban development and increasingly polarized politics , perhaps a more important lesson is the project 's role as a catalyst for cultural change . Starting in 2001 and over the next three years , with infectious optimism and a lot of hard work , the citizens of Atlanta bought into a compelling grassroots vision for the Atlanta BeltLine and made it their own , creating a powerful informal alliance between neighborhood groups , developers and nonprofit organizations who found themselves in the unlikely position of advocating for the same set of ideas . Hear the story at TEDx Atlanta This broad support then empowered the city 's political and business leadership to endorse the project and sparked an expansion of the project 's vision , including over 1,000 acres of new parks , the largest affordable-housing initiative in the city 's history and perhaps the longest and most unique arboretum in the country . With every expansion of its vision , the physical project reinforces changing cultural preferences about the built environment , demonstrating local sustainable growth strategies that can be applied to other parts of the region , and over time , make comprehensive changes more politically palatable . In this way , the Atlanta BeltLine not only profoundly changes the physical city , it changes the way we think about Atlanta -- what is possible , and what our cultural expectations are for the places that we live . This kind of change is critical to the region 's economic success -- to any region struggling to reinvent itself so that it can thrive in the global marketplace . Because while these new perspectives contrast sharply with previous generations who built our sprawling roadway network , they mirror national shifts in preferences about the built environment driven largely by a general disenchantment with car-dependent lifestyles and an increasing desire for cultural authenticity in the places that we live and work . Successful cities have always been places where people want to be , and once again technology and changing generational preferences are redefining that kind of place , this time leading us back toward social environments with mixed-use districts , strong cultural resources , greater mobility and a more robust public realm . Communities that recognize and take advantage of these changes first will be best positioned to succeed in a more competitive future . So whether they look to district-scaled projects like the South Bronx Greenway in New York or Seoul 's Cheonggyecheon , or to city scaled projects like the Petite Ceinture or Madrid 's Calle-30 , or to complex regional proposals like those for the Los Angeles River , cities can find innovative , non-partisan public works projects that not only begin the physical transformation required to attract future residents and jobs , but also catalyze a cultural shift in thinking about what kinds of policies and infrastructure we should be investing in . This cultural shift will mean far more for global sustainability than any physical project ever could .	Atlanta BeltLine bringing abandoned rail road and adjacent land back to life with walkways and parks Ryan Gravel first envisioned regenerating land in graduate thesis in 1999 From China to The Netherlands , cities are moving towards urban sprawl , says Gravel Project can be a "  catalyst for a change " in a world facing sustainable-development challenges
When I was growing up , I had everything I needed . My wonderful parents , Dorothy and Lloyd , made sure we had nutritious food and they taught us where food came from . I have been blessed in many ways , and my wife , Sue , and I have been fortunate enough to pass that on to our own four daughters . We 've never had to worry about how we 'd feed our family . Other families in America are not as fortunate as I have been . Few Americans realize that the majority of low-income children in this country get most of their nutrition at school . Whether it 's the free breakfast , reduced-priced lunch or after-school snacks , these federally funded meal programs provide a critical safety net for families struggling to put food on the table . However , there is a huge gap in the number of children who could be getting these meals and the number actually accessing them . For instance , many children are not getting the food they need in the summer . When school is out , many children lose their primary source of nutrition . Of the 20 million children who get lunch at school during the regular school year , only 1 in 7 are getting free meals in the summertime . The breakfast statistics are sobering as well . Of the same 20 million children who get lunch at school , only 10.5 million kids are eating school breakfast . That kind of gap is unacceptable . Kids who come to school hungry get sick more frequently . They have more trouble concentrating on their schoolwork and struggle with their studies . This has a huge effect on their potential for success later in life , and that 's not good for our country . As my good friend  and founder of Share Our Strength  Bill Shore always says , we ca n't have a strong America with weak kids . That 's where the No Kid Hungry campaign works so beautifully . It connects kids to the healthy food they need every day , where they live , learn and play . This happens through partnerships with schools , mayors , state governors , political leaders , nonprofit organizations , corporations , chefs , celebrities such as me and with people like you . The campaign works to come up with innovative ways to bridge this gap . For example , moving school breakfast out of the cafeteria and into the classroom -- where everyone eats together -- means more kids start the day with a healthy meal . Breakfast after the bell programs have already been championed in cities such as Baltimore and Los Angeles , and they 're working really well . There is good news for kids who need meals this summer , too . The Summer Food Service Program -- a federally funded program -- provides free meals for people 18 and younger in cities all across America . This year , a national texting program has been put in place to help connect even more kids to meals . And No Kid Hungry 's Cooking Matters program ensures kids are getting healthy meals at home by empowering low-income families with the skills to shop smarter , use nutrition information and cook delicious , affordable meals . Our children are our future , and it 's up to me -- and to all of us -- to make sure we prepare them to be productive citizens and thrive in our communities . Ensuring our kids have the nutritious food they need is the very first step to getting them there . Join me in making No Kid Hungry a reality .	Jeff Bridges is the national spokesperson for the "  No Kid Hungry " Campaign No Kid Hungry aims to end childhood hunger in America Campaign also provides free meals for kids 18 and younger throughout the summer No Kid Hungry also teaches low-income families how to shop smarter
RollingStone.com  -- Though Ke $ ha 's first album , Animal , was a glitter-coated gutter dance party , with the brash singer getting sleazy and leading throngs of revelers into the night , no guitars were invited . On her new full-length album , Warrior , rock music scores a place on the guest list : the LP 's first single , "  Die Young , " has a strummed guitar front-and-center . The resulting album splits the difference between Ke $ ha 's signature brand of hooky rap-pop  "  Come On , " "  Crazy Kids "  and razor-sharp rockers  "  Only Wan na Dance With You , " a collaboration with the Strokes ' Julian Casablancas and Fabrizio Moretti  , with a few strikingly intimate moments  the piano-tinged "  Wonderland , " which features the Black Keys ' Patrick Carney  . Rolling Stone spoke with Ke $ ha while she was promoting Warrior in the U.K. , and she opened up about bringing imperfections into pop music , working with Iggy Pop and who on her tour has been playing the essential role of "  Mr. Penis . " RS Playlist : Ke $ ha 's Favorite Party Starters Rolling Stone : How did you decide to evolve from Animal to Cannibal to Warrior ? Ke $ ha : On this record I wanted to maintain what I believe is who I am -- wild , filthy-mouthed , very honest -- but at the same time , address the changes in my life , and bring the music I listen to offstage together with the music I make . For me , that meant working with awesome collaborators . There was a strict no-guitar rule on Animal . I just had this vision of making everyone on the planet dance . I wanted to be the Dance Commander . On this record , I wanted to bring the music I listened to offstage -- -LSB- Iggy Pop 's -RSB- The Idiot , The Slider , Electric Warrior -LSB- both by T. Rex -RSB- -- into my music , which is pop music . Now , to some people , pop is a dirty word , or only a "  guilty pleasure . " But I f**king love pop music . I always have , and I will 'til the day I die , and I want to make pop records . But I love bringing -LSB- rock 's -RSB- balls and irreverence to my music as much as I can . I once said that I wanted to make "  c ** k pop . " And there are moments of that on the record , but there are also the quintessential Ke $ ha moments like "  Come On " -- rap-talking , s ** t-talking -- and there are also moments that are unexpected , stripped-down and just me . As far as the people I collaborated with , I just wanted to take all my idols and make a record with them . Massive Beats , Wild Nights and Crazy Tattoos : Ke $ ha Rocks Out on New Album RS : How did you hook up with Iggy ? What was it like to work with him ? Ke $ ha : Being in the studio with him was one of the most incredible days of my life -- definitely one of those "  holy s ** t ! " moments . I 've been obsessed with him forever . I remember when my brother brought home his record on vinyl . And then I started reading about him , and I was like , "  I f *** ing love him . " I just started asking everyone I know , pretty much , if any of them knew Iggy Pop , and this time it paid off . Ke $ ha Memoir to Explore ` My Crazy Beautiful Life ' RS : This has been a year when rock songs by the likes of fun . have crossed over to the pop charts . Do you see pop music embracing guitars more in 2013 ? Ke $ ha : For me , bringing in rock was about making the perfect imperfect . When you 're making songs electronically , it 's easy to make them perfect -- you can change things to the microsecond , move the drums down , Auto-Tune everything . I wanted to keep the electronic elements while making things a little bit imperfect , which makes it feel more organic . I wanted to capture real moments in time . Photos : Ke $ ha 's Rock & Roll Party RS : That reminds me of your collaboration with the Flaming Lips , which was so chaotic and balls-to-the-wall . On the EP that comes with Warrior , you cover the country track "  Old Flames Ca n't Hold a Candle to You , " and I kind of see you as a pop outlaw . There 's an idea that pop is glossy and perfect , and you 're like , "  F**k it , I 'm gon na do what I want . " And as a result you have this really strong connection with your fans . Ke $ ha : I love my fans . And I love that you called me a pop outlaw . "  Old Flames Ca n't Hold a Candle to You " was written by my mom -LSB- Pebe Sebert -RSB- , and made famous by Dolly Parton . Johnny Cash also sang that , and Merle Haggard , and they 've both been famous for being the outlaw , or the misfit . RS : Are you going to be touring anytime soon , and if you are , are you bringing back the penis suit ? Ke $ ha : The penis suit is one of my favorite moments onstage . You do n't understand the people who have been in that suit . Very famous people have worn it . My mother has been in that suit , friends , ex-boyfriends , lovers -- you name it , they 've been in that suit . I ca n't imagine it going anywhere . See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Ke $ ha has a new album titled "  Warrior " Singer says she loves pop music She has worked with several artists , including Iggy Pop
CNN  -- CNN 's Patrick Oppmann recently shared his suggestions for visitors to his adopted hometown of Seattle , Washington . CNN.com readers had a lot to say about the city , which is headed into its much-anticipated summer season . "  My favorite part is that , in the summertime , everything stays GREEN . With the blue sky , blue water , blue and white mountains on every side and the green , green grass and trees , it is something to behold all right , " wrote a reader with the handle 1k9m8c1 . As the short , rainy days give way to sunshine "  the Northface parkas get ripped off , the Keens and the Chacos come out , and acres of pasty , sunstarved flesh are thrust into the light . " For visitors planning a trip to Seattle as the city sheds layers and springs into summer , here are some of CNN.com readers ' best tips : Best views of the city and the setting sun For city views at a fraction of the cost of the Space Needle 's observation area , one reader recommends the Columbia Tower downtown . "  Better view , better price , and no one knows about it ! " For the best sunset views , try Salty 's on Alki . "  Get a table near the window and you will see the most spectacular  sight  as the sun reflects off the buildings downtown , " wrote CNN.com commenter Yogababy . DaveinIndy recommends the view from the Bainbridge Ferry as you go across the Puget Sound to Bainbridge Island and back . CNN 's Insider Trip Tips : Denver Best bites The name Tom Douglas came up a lot in food discussions . Multiple commenters recommended the downtown Seattle restaurants owned by the award-winning local chef and his wife . Commenter CM2BTHD took exception to CNN reporter Oppmann 's recommendation of How to Cook a Wolf , offering the Tom Douglas restaurants "  all within three blocks of each other in the downtown Seattle core " as a better alternative . "  Lola . Dahlia Lounge . Palace Kitchen . Serious Pie . Dahlia Bakery . I recommend Lola for breakfast . Opens at 7 a.m. most days . You 'll never know how you managed to eat so damned many potatoes , " CM2BTHD wrote . Kakash recommended Buenos Aires , complete with a tango-dancing staff , for a "  very entertaining night out . " Pasta Freska on Westlake Avenue is a favorite with commenter andman . This small Italian restaurant skips the dinner menu altogether . "  Just tell the owner , Mike , what you like and do n't like , and the plates start rolling out . Amazing place ! " For brunch , the 5 Spot in Seattle 's Queen Anne neighborhood , gets reader frommet 's vote . "  Super fun and very Seattle ! I lived in Capitol Hill for three years and went there every weekend . " The same commenter also recommends Top Pot Doughnuts , although he suggests skipping the coffee there . Seattle 's coffee scene soaks up a lot of the spotlight , but the region 's wines should not be overlooked . Yogababy was a French wine snob before moving to Seattle . "  Once I got to  Washington  , I only drank WA wines and there are some excellent ones ! Hedges , Chateau St. Michelle , Columbia Crest . " Your best Denver tips Outdoors DaveinIndy , who recommended a ride on the Bainbridge ferry , also offers this suggestion : "  A day trip to Mount Rainier and/or Olympic National Park is also spectacularly rewarding . Rainier is truly king of the mountains in the continental U.S. " What 's missing ? Share your top spots below .	Seattle 's lush , green summer gets rave reviews from one CNN.com reader CNN.com commenters recommend chef Tom Douglas ' downtown restaurants Ride the Bainbridge Ferry across the Puget Sound for great views of the city
CNN  -- After the tea party 's poor showing in the 2012 elections , many in the political world declared the movement dead . After all , it had lost one-sixth of its members in Congress and at least two Senate seats by running questionable candidates . Plus , the tea party did n't get its way on the debt ceiling , and the Paul Ryan budget failed to get much traction . Recent CNN polls , however , suggest that gaffes by the Obama administration are breathing new life into the tea party movement . In a CNN poll conducted in March , 28 % of the voting-age public supported the tea party . Now , however , in the wake of the recent controversies involving the administration -- especially the one about the Internal Revenue Service -- support is on the rise . According to a CNN poll released May 20 , 37 % of the public now supports the movement , a level that approaches the high-water mark the tea party achieved in 2010 . Why the increase in popularity ? It 's simple : The IRS scandal resonates with the tea party faithful because it fits so well the meme the movement has pushed since the early days of the administration : An Obama-led government is too big , too fiscally irresponsible . First , there was the movement 's resistance to the stimulus package , claiming the government spent too much to revive the economy . Then , of course , was the tea party 's opposition to health care reform : Again , government had grown too big , spending excessively . And that some people would be forced by the government to purchase insurance or else face a tax , for tea partiers , was further proof of Obama-led governmental tyranny . Now , the IRS scandal permits the tea party to highlight how the administration is overreaching and meddling in the lives of Americans . But here 's the thing : Most political scandals do n't last very long . Those involving the president , or officials in his administration , tend to have a shelf life of six months . As it stands , we 're not even six months beyond the most recent election cycle . So the likelihood that the tea party -- and therefore Republicans -- can leverage the recent scandals to their political advantage is n't great if the next election cycle  2014  is the target . If the tea party and Republicans wish to make political hay that will carry them through 2014 , they must return their gaze to the substantive policy issues that tend to mobilize their supporters : Immigration reform and same-sex marriage are two examples . Indeed , opposition to immigrant rights and same-sex rights has proven effective for rallying the base . The problem is that if the tea party returns to issues proven to fire up the base it will violate at least two of its major tenets : fiscal prudence and smaller government . For instance , the tea party 's position on immigration reform would increase government spending to the tune of $ 28 billion per year to secure the border . In the case of same-sex rights , the state is called upon to regulate marriage . This would seem to contradict the tea party 's claim that it 's all about fiscal prudence and small government . How can this be ? In other words , how can the tea party and its supporters favor small and large government ? The paradox is easily resolved once we consider the motives of many tea party supporters . They see America changing too rapidly , both demographically and culturally . American identity is generally identified as white and heterosexual , among other things . Thus , it should n't come as a shock that despite their declared preference for small government , many in the tea party embrace big government when necessary . It 's perhaps the most effective way to police what they perceive as encroachments upon the "  American " way of life in which white racial identity and heterosexuality remain the norm . Like American reactionary movements of the past , the tea party resists change of any kind . For tea party loyalists , the long and short of it is as follows . In President Barack Obama 's first term , the government spent too much ; so far , in his second , the government is meddling too much . The problem for the tea party is that the benefits extracted from these missteps will likely be short-lived , certainly not enough to last until the next election cycle . Is n't it ironic that to sustain support through 2014 , and to have a shot at the White House , the tea party will have to push policy solutions to important issues that rely upon bigger -- not smaller -- government ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher S. Parker .	Christopher Parker : Recent administration controversies have boosted tea party in polls He says to maintain support , tea party must make dust-up last till 2014 elections It could return to issues that fire base : immigration , opposition to same-sex marriage , he says Parker : Stopping same-sex marriage , boosting border flout party 's small government mantra
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- DreamWorks Studios will back out of plans to produce a movie about the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. unless King 's three surviving children settle their differences over the deal , the studio said Wednesday . From left , Dexter , Bernice , Martin and Yolanda King . The three surviving siblings have had several public rifts . A longtime friend of the three Kings predicted peace may be at hand for the squabbling siblings and that all of them want Steven Spielberg 's studio to portray their father 's life on the big screen . The latest public rift between Dexter King , the chief executive of the King estate , and his brother and sister -- Martin Luther King III and Bernice King -- erupted Tuesday after it was made public that Dexter King , 48 , had finalized the deal with DreamWorks . Martin King , 51 , and Bernice King , 46 , learned that a deal had been struck when Dexter sent them an e-mail Tuesday morning , just as the news media was being told by the studio , a source close to the family told CNN . Yolanda King , the eldest of the Kings ' four children , died two years ago at age 51 . Martin King and Bernice King , who live in Atlanta , Georgia , had known that Dexter King , who lives in California , was negotiating with Spielberg on a possible movie deal , the source said . Bernice King and Martin King said they knew nothing about the DreamWorks project . They said they embraced the idea of a film about their father but told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " they were concerned about the deal . "  I think Mr. Spielberg is a great producer and we look forward to hearing from him about the scope of this agreement , " Bernice King said . "  We know nothing about the scope of this agreement . We have no details to say whether or not this particular one is a good idea . " DreamWorks issued a statement Wednesday that suggested King family unity was essential for the movie to be made . "  The purpose of making a movie about the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. is to tell a great story which could bridge distances and bring people together , " the statement said . "  We remain committed to pursuing a film chronicling Martin Luther King 's life provided that there is unity in the family so we can make a film about unity in our nation . " DreamWorks executives appeared caught by surprise by the King family 's infighting , although such squabbles are not new -- Martin King and Bernice King filed a lawsuit against Dexter King last year over publication of their mother 's recently discovered love letters . Martin King and Bernice King have complained in court filings that Dexter King has acted independently for years on estate business matters , refusing to call a family meeting . Over the past year , angered over Dexter King 's move to publish their mother 's love letters , neither Martin King nor Bernice King has spoken to Dexter King , the source close to the family said . Dexter King , in a written statement Wednesday evening , said he has "  always upheld my duty " as CEO of the King estate to communicate with the others . "  Although my communication with family members has been somewhat stymied by the current litigation , I have continued to reach out and I remain committed to working together with my siblings on projects to educate people about the life , leadership and teachings of our father , Martin Luther King Jr. , " Dexter King said . DreamWorks is "  a company with unrivaled resources for making epic films of the highest quality , offers an unprecedented opportunity for educating the largest possible audience about our father 's legacy as the leader of America 's greatest nonviolent movement , " he said . "  Just as Sir Richard Attenborough 's film , ` Gandhi , ' educated many millions of people all over the world about the Mahatma 's teachings , I believe this project can do the same regarding the life , work and teachings of Martin Luther King Jr. , and I sincerely hope my brother and sister will join us in supporting this urgently needed project , " Dexter King said . Tom Houck , an Atlanta public relations agent who has known all three children since the 1960s , when he was their father 's driver , suggested the dispute could be resolved . "  I do n't think that either Martin or Bernice are opposed to having a megafilm done on the big screen by DreamWorks , but I think it 's the mechanism and the way it was done that 's got them upset , " Houck said . "  They 're feeling that , until they resolve some problems with Dexter , that they 're not going to be very forthcoming in letting this project go forward , " he said . Houck suggested someone such as the Rev. Andrew Young , a close aide to the patriarch during the civil-rights movement , might be able to help the siblings reconcile . Young is a former Atlanta mayor and former U.N. ambassador . "  Martin and Bernice want to have some reconciliation with Dexter before they sign off on it , " Houck said .	DreamWorks Studios hesitates on movie about Martin Luther King Jr. . Studio says film wo n't go ahead unless King 's three children agree Dexter King has OK 'd project without notifying his siblings Source close to family says resolution may be at hand
Two former guests have sued the proprietors of Los Angeles ' Cecil Hotel , where a 21-year-old woman 's corpse was found floating in a rooftop water tank . The lawsuit was filed Tuesday in Los Angeles Superior Court by Steven and Gloria Cott . Deeming it a "  class action , " the complaint specifies it could apply to "  all persons similarly situated " -- meaning anyone who stayed at the hotel between February 1 and 19 this year . For as long as 19 days , Elisa Lam 's decomposing body was in one of the hotel 's four cisterns while the Cotts and other guests below drank cups of water , bathed and brushed their teeth . How did woman 's body come to be in L.A. hotel water tank ? A maintenance worker , checking on complaints about the hotel 's water , found the young Canadian tourist on February 19 , Los Angeles Police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said . The lawsuit claims the hotel effectively contracted with its guests to provide water "  fit for human ingestion and human consumption through showering " -- an obligation that the Cotts allege the hotel did not meet . "  Instead , the defendants provided water that had been contaminated by human remains and was not fit for human ingestion or to use to wash , " the lawsuit states , claiming the Cotts believe that water was "  tainted . " The Los Angeles Public Health Department immediately tested the water supply , but told the manager they could stay open as long as they provided bottle water and warned guests not to drink the tap water . The results of the testing showed no harmful bacteria in the tank or the pipes , according to Angelo Bellomo , director of environmental health for the department . Chlorine in the city 's water may be the reason it is safe , he said last week . The hotel did not immediately respond Thursday to a CNN request for comment . Hotel with corpse in water tank has notorious past New guests continued to check into the Cecil in the hours after firefighters removed Lam 's body from the water tank . But each guest was asked to sign a waiver releasing the hotel from liability if they become ill . "  You do so at your own risk and peril , " the hotel 's release said . Guests who already paid for their rooms would not get refunds if they moved out , it said . In their lawsuits , the Cotts ask for a refund of the $ 150 total they paid to stay two nights -- checking in February 12 and checking out February 14 -- at the Cecil Hotel . They also are seeking medical costs of approximately $ 100 and possibly more , if needed ; court and attorney fees ; and any "  further relief as this court may deem just and proper . " Lam checked into the Cecil Hotel on January 26 , on her way to Santa Cruz , California , according to police in her hometown of Vancouver , British Columbia . Five days later , she was seen on a security camera video walking into the elevator , pushing the buttons for four floors and then peering out of the opened elevator door as if she is hiding or looking for someone . Clad in a red hoodie , Lam at one point walks out of the elevator before returning to it , pushing the buttons again . She then stands outside the open elevator doorway , motioning with her hands , before apparently walking away . It was the last day Lam was seen . Authorities still have not officially determined how she died . Los Angeles robbery-homicide detectives are treating this as a suspicious death for obvious reasons , since falling into a covered water tank behind a locked door on top of a roof would be an unusual accident , said Los Angeles Police Sgt. Rudy Lopez . An autopsy has been completed , but the cause of death is deferred pending further examination , assistant chief coroner Ed Winter said last week . That may take six to eight weeks . Any marks , injuries or wounds may suggest Lam died elsewhere and was dumped into the tank by her killer . Water in Lam 's lungs could be a sign that she drowned , but it might not tell why she was inside the small tank .	Two former Cecil Hotel guests file a lawsuit against the L.A. hotel They were guests in the hotel where a woman 's corpse was floating in tank The woman , Elisa Lam , is believed to have been there for as long as 19 days Lawsuit says the water was "  not fit for human ingestion or to use to wash "
Santa Paula , California  CNN  -- When disaster strikes and people are buried in rubble , there 's often no better search tool than a dog 's nose . It 's a valuable asset that has already been utilized several times this year . Trained search dogs , along with their human handlers , have provided help in high-profile disasters such as the Japan earthquake in March and the Joplin , Missouri , tornado in May . "  After a disaster , there is a window of opportunity for finding live people , " said Wilma Melville , founder of the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation . "  The first eight hours are critical . " There are about 250 search-and-rescue teams , each made up of a dog and a handler , that are certified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency . But Melville says that 's half as many as there should be . "  Approximately 500 teams , I feel , would cover the country well for the hurricanes on the East Coast , the great center of the country , which is bombarded and tormented with tornadoes , and the West Coast , which can definitely anticipate earthquakes , " she said . "  We should have about 500 teams , highly trained , strategically placed , ready to reach a disaster site within 12 hours . " Since 1996 , Melville and her organization have been creating and training more of these teams . It starts by finding shelter dogs with the potential to become search dogs . Then it trains the dogs and pairs them with a firefighter or rescue worker who will live , train and work with them . "  The Search Dog Foundation is the only group in the nation that gives a highly trained , professionally trained dog , to a handler and then stays with that handler for the rest of the team 's life together , " said Melville , 77 . "  We provide health insurance for the dog . ... We provide food for the dog . The big thing is , we provide ongoing training for that dog and handler . " Melville 's nonprofit has also streamlined the training process so that it can be done in about a year rather than the three or four years it once used to take . In all , the group has trained 131 teams around the country -- for free . It has responded to 80 missions around the world , including Japan , Joplin , last year 's Haiti earthquake and the September 11 attacks in New York City . But it was a 1995 tragedy -- the federal building bombing in Oklahoma City -- that inspired Melville to create it . She and her black lab , Murphy , had been training together for several years before they made the trip to Oklahoma City to help find victims . Melville had started the training as a hobby after retirement , and she and Murphy were FEMA-certified in 1994 . After arriving in Oklahoma City , Melville said , she was devastated by the scope of the tragedy , in which 168 people were killed . One survivor was found by a dog , she said . Later , Melville was surprised and outraged to learn that there were only about 15 similar canine teams in the country . "  We are a huge nation , and this one building alone requires far more than 15 dogs that are highly trained , " Melville remembered thinking . "  This nation is in a terrible situation . ... "  I said : "  Well , there 's only one thing to do . I either go back to my horseback riding in the hills , or I make a difference and find a better way to create canine disaster search teams for this nation . ' " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes The Search Dog Foundation receives no federal or state money . Melville said it 's funded by grants , donations , awards and corporate support . About 90 % of the dogs that it trains come from shelters . Hundreds of dogs are tested each year for training , but only a small amount get selected . Even fewer make it through the training . The dogs must have drive , focus and high energy , Melville said . Eric Gray 's dog , Riley , was a former shelter dog rejected by two foster homes because he was deemed too hyper to be a pet . But his search-and-rescue training "  gave him a purpose , " Gray said , adding that Riley has become an important partner in his efforts as a firefighter . "  Riley  was able to focus the incessant drive ... that he had , and  he was given  an opportunity to really blossom as a dog rather than just being handed from home to home , " Gray said . The two recently helped with search-and-rescue efforts in Haiti and Japan . Veteran handler Debra Tosch searched the World Trade Center with her dog , Abby , after the September 11 attacks . "  When I rounded that corner and was a little overwhelmed by the enormity of it , Abby had just the opposite effect , " Tosch said . "  She started pulling on the leash , saying : ` Great ! We finally get to go to work . Let 's go . ' ... She got very excited . " Melville said search efforts are usually fun for the dog "  because they do n't get a paycheck . They get a toy , and the toy is their reward . " Even after winning several awards for her work , Melville believes she is far from done . Her foundation is building a national training center on 125 acres of Santa Paula hills between Los Angeles and Santa Barbara . "  In my heart , the number 168 is forever engraved , " she said . "  I still want to train 168 canine disaster search teams -- one for each of the persons who died in Oklahoma City . ... "  Now , I see that it is possible -- it 's even likely -- within my lifetime . I wonder who number 168 will be . " Want to get involved ? Check out the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation website at www.searchdogfoundation.org and see how to help .	Wilma Melville 's nonprofit trains dogs to be search-and-rescue specialists It also matches up the dogs -- many of whom are from shelters -- with a permanent handler Since 1996 , the group has trained 131 rescue teams around the country Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- It 's J.K. Rowling 's first foray into fiction for adults . And thanks to her Harry Potter fame , her new novel , "  The Casual Vacancy , " is already a best-seller , even before its release Thursday . But some parents worry that their children might expect another adventure at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , which this book is not . "  I 'm dying to read ` The Casual Vacancy , ' " said Kacy Faulconer , a 40-year-old mother of four kids ages 5 through 15 . "  But I 'll have to read it first before I decide whether my kids can read it . " Faulconer writes about books and parenting on her blog , "  Every Day I Write the Book . " But even if she decides to let her kids to read "  The Casual Vacancy , " she is n't sure they 'll want to . "  Frankly , even though we are huge Harry Potter fans , I 'm not sure they 'll be that interested since it does n't take place at Hogwarts . " Four hot reads for fall Harry Potter is certainly a tough act to follow . The seven-book series sold more than 450 million copies and spawned a multibillion-dollar film franchise . "  The Casual Vacancy " is set in an English town rocked by the death of a parish councilman . Publisher Little , Brown and Company asks in a statement , "  Who will triumph in an election fraught with passion , duplicity , and unexpected revelations ? " According to reports by the select few who have actually read "  The Casual Vacancy , " the new book includes real-world problems such as poverty and drug addiction . Opinion : J.K. Rowling shows why muggles obsessed with class To make sure that children do n't stumble into a disturbing story , Cindy Hudson , author of "  Book by Book : The Complete Guide to Creating Mother-Daughter Book Clubs , " suggests that parents read the novel alongside them . "  The best thing is to just pick it up and read it at the same time , " Hudson said . "  It gives the parents a chance to talk about some of the issues that come up . " Social class , swearing and sex permeate Rowling 's first adult book "  The Casual Vacancy " is under a strict embargo until its release . But the novel has been at or near the top of Amazon 's best-selling book list for the past several weeks -- even though it does n't come out until Thursday . Sara Nelson , editorial director of books and Kindle e-readers at Amazon , is n't surprised . "  She is a beloved author , " she said . "  Her books are always best-sellers . " She also points out that Rowling 's fans span a range of ages . Many Harry Potter enthusiasts are adults , although the books were intended for the younger set . Will J.K. Rowling net wizard profits from switch to crime ? And of course , many readers who were children when the series appeared have come of age along with Rowling 's narratives . The first book in the Harry Potter saga came out more than 10 years ago . Many who hopped on board the Hogwarts Express for the first time in the late 1990s are now old enough to drive -- and handle adult themes in the books they read . "  I think a lot of her audience has grown up , " said Christina DiRusso , a 23-year-old from the New York area who reckons she first happened upon Harry Potter at the age of 9 . She has read every book in the series and seen every movie . While she was growing up , she even shared them with her four younger siblings . DiRusso says she might read "  The Casual Vacancy " because of Rowling 's name : "  I 'm a huge fan of hers . " Barnes & Noble is counting on that fan loyalty . Bookstores have been heralding the arrival of "  The Casual Vacancy " for several months . Signs featuring Rowling 's picture advertise the book 's release date and offer pre-sales . Patricia Bostelman , vice president of marketing for Barnes and Noble , said , "  The book is being positioned in our stores as one of the major books through the fall and the holidays . " "  The Casual Vacancy " display will be found at the front of stores -- away from the children 's section . Time : Review of ` The Casual Vacancy ' Are you planning to read Rowling 's new book ? Will you allow your kids to read it ? Share your take in the comments section below .	"  The Casual Vacancy " is "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling 's first adult novel Parents are considering whether they 'll allow their kids to read the racier book One parent and writer recommends reading the book alongside kids to guide them "  The Casual Vacancy " is topping sales lists by pre-order before its Thursday release
London  CNN  -- A year ago , Gisella Asante and her daughter Jan Asante found themselves standing in tears in the middle of broken glass , scattered clothes hangers , bits of wedding dresses and burnt pieces of fabric . Their small shop in south London had been targeted by a mob of looters during the city 's worst riots in two decades . It happened a few days after they celebrated the 20th anniversary of opening their business -- Gisella 's , a fashion workshop with designs inspired by the owners ' African roots . In just a few hours of riot madness , Gisella and Jan Asante lost 20 years ' worth of work . A display of valuable dresses made for high-profile celebrities : gone . Unique accessories , some from remote parts of the world : gone . Handmade jewelry : gone . Wedding dresses ready to be picked up by brides-to-be : gone . The overall loss is hard to estimate -- on top of all the things lost and damaged , business slowed down for months . "  We were boarded for three months , that 's how long it took , " Jan said . "  People thought we folded , it felt like we were in prison , " Gisella added . They estimate a loss of # 30-40 ,000  $ 55,000-65 ,000  , but say it 's hard to put a number on it . "  The things are worth so much more . We made them all , they are irreplaceable , " Jan said . Fast forward a year and the place looks like nothing had ever happened . The only visible reminder of last year 's events is a couple of wooden boards leaning against the wall . They used to cover the smashed windows . Watch video : London riots one year on Now they serve as a notice board , with pictures and supportive letters from customers that flooded the boutique after the riots . "  People sent messages , emails , they phoned to say they were sorry , " Jan said . The reaction was overwhelming . "  A friend of mine had to come in for a week just to answer the phone and reply to messages . It was like bereavement . " The revival of the boutique is down to the Asantes ' loyal customers . "  Lots of our regular customers made an effort to help . They did n't really need anything , and they would still come and buy something . Our customers are amazing , " Jan said . There was a point , they say , when they wanted to leave the shop closed and walk away . But the customers kept coming . "  Having the customers , the work , it kept us going , we were on autopilot , " Jan said . "  It was exactly as the British say : ` Keep calm and carry on . ' " Thank-you notes from clients are displayed all around Gisella 's . Many include wedding and honeymoon photos , as the boutique has long been a hotspot for brides who want something special . "  For the brides , weddings are about culture , " Jan said . "  They want to express their heritage , even if they are very modern , and they always ask us how they can show where they come from and who they are . " The traditional-meets-modern is the key to their success . Gisella , originally from Tanzania , came to London from Kenya , where her daughter Jan was born to a Ghanaian father . It may sound complicated , but the multicultural heritage of the two women is exactly what makes their clothes special . "  We are inspired by modern Africa , " Jan said . "  We consider ourselves African , but are also Londoners , and that shows in our designs . " Their dresses are a mixture of modern cuts , African-inspired prints and precious fabrics from all around the world . Picking up a beautifully shaped dress , Jan points out the fabric . It comes from a remote area in Nigeria , where it was handmade . Together with a Western-style cut , it makes for a special piece of couture . "  I always talk to our customers about the story behind fabrics , " she said . "  It 's nice to walk around knowing where your clothes came from . " The mother-daughter pair work as a team . Jan talks to the customers and prepares the designs , while Gisella is the one cutting the fabric and sewing . The workshop is strictly divided in two zones . Each woman has her own territory , where she rules . They say it works perfectly , even though they both admit there are clashes from time to time . "  She is my mum , you always have to do what your mum tells you to , " Jan admitted . "  But we are also business partners . We have to negotiate and agree on everything . Sometimes it stretches your relationship to the limits . " On the one-year anniversary of the looting the boutique was unusually quiet , and there was time for reflection . "  I could n't ask for a better daughter , " Gisella said , doubting she would have been able to cope without her during the long months of recovery . Then suddenly , she turned to Jan and said : "  You have more strength than I thought you have . I 've seen you rise so much . I am proud of you -- I never had the time to tell you . "	"  Gisella 's " boutique in London was destroyed by looters in last year 's riots Having lost everything , the owners Gisella and Jan Asante thought of giving up A year later , their boutique is back on its feet and thriving The pair 's dress designs are inspired by their African heritage
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's leaders begin a highly-anticipated four-day meeting on Saturday that is expected to shed light on the direction the world 's second largest economy is likely to take in coming years . The big question for the gathering -- officially called the third plenary session of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist party of China -- is how hard Xi will push for reforms . Possible changes include an overhaul of tax , land and family planning policies ; solutions to control an explosion in local government debt ; restructuring China 's massive state-owned enterprises ; and looser controls on foreign investment . CNN 's Beijing bureau chief , Jaime FlorCruz , spoke to Cai Hongbin , the dean of Guanghua School of Management at Peking University about what to expect : What are the challenges that China faces now ? The Chinese economy faces many challenges , in the realms of urbanization , industrial upgrading , changing into more efficient market infrastructure , and reforming the financial sector . There are a lot of problems , but many of these are manageable . The Chinese economy is like a race car making a turn . You want to be very focused to stay on course and maintain constant speed . If you slam on the brake while turning , you may easily lose control and get into trouble . But China 's economic growth has been slowing down -- is n't that alarming ? Indeed , the Chinese economy has been slowing down for the past three years but recent data and other evidence suggests this is changing . I am pretty optimistic that the Chinese economy will be back on a relatively strong growth track , and then things will move forward . The key is while maintaining a healthy growth rate , we need to further economic reforms . What further economic reforms should China take ? In the very near term , the Chinese government should focus on the urbanization process and reform the "  hukou "  residence registration  system -- to make sure that the new migrant workers coming to the cities have equal opportunities to education , jobs , access to social safety nets and public services . The other key issue is to improve business environment , and this requires government reforms , so that governments do n't interfere too much , control too much , interfere with the market too much and control resources too much . Some say that China needs political reforms as much as it needs to further economic reforms . What kind of reform on the political side can we expect ? The economic reforms can not be separated from the political reforms . And that is a common understanding in China now . In my view , for China in the current situation , the most important political reforms are in the government reforms . And in the official government documents , it has been made clear that they want to redefine the three relationships : the relationship between the government and the market , letting markets play a more fundamental role in resource allocation ; redefining the relationship between the government and the society , to let social organizations play more important role in society ; and then , redefining the relationship between the central and the local governments , to make sure different levels of government all have the right incentives to push forward healthy economic growth and social progress . Some say China must keep the magic "  8 " in GDP growth to sustain economic growth and social stability . What do you think ? A certain number of growth rate , like 8 % , is not a magic number . In fact , I would suggest that the government should downplay it , or even do n't publish at all the target of GDP growth . In a market economy -- for a complex economy like China -- it is very hard to plan what 's going to be the growth rate for next year , or the next five years . The new government is looking for real solutions . So changing the behavior of local governments in China will be the key in changing the growth model . Starting from the central government , getting rid of the GDP target and then , putting in a systematic package of reform to change the local government 's incentives , so that the local officials will be more focused on how to develop the local business and market , how to improve the environment , how to make the city more liveable and changing their incentives to these areas , instead of trying to attract big projects or getting impressive GDP numbers . How worried should we be in terms of Chinese housing bubble ? How big is it and will it burst ? It is something that we need to be concerned about , but I do n't think the whole housing sector in China and all housing prices in all of Chinese cities , are out of control . Overall , I think , the housing price in large cities is something that we need to be concerned about , but if we handle this issue well , it is a manageable problem , and it will not necessarily lead to a bubble that will eventually burst and will cause all sorts of financial issues . How risky is it for China to be pushing further along market-oriented reform ? When you reform , you meet challenges along the way , you face difficulties . In some sense it is more difficult to push forward now than early on , because in these reforms , you need to deal with very complex interest groups , you need to make a lot of compromises and difficult trade-offs . That is a difficult thing to do , but not to push forward is even more risky . The Chinese leaders realize the urgency of pushing forward economic reforms . How will the coming Third Party Plenum be considered successful ? The meeting will be considered successful if it points to the right direction and take further reforms , lay some cornerstones so that you can clearly see that in the next five to 10 years , the current government will push through series of economic reforms -- so that the Chinese economy will be on the right developmental and growth track ; so that we that the economy will become more efficient and strong , the society more open and progressive , the government more efficient , less corrupt and more productive in terms of managing the economy and the society .	Cai Hongbin says that China 's economy is like a race car making a turn Need to maintain constant speed ; if you slam on the brake you may easily lose control , he says Economic reforms can not be separated from the political reforms , he adds No magic numbers for Chinese economy ; need to find real solutions
CNN  -- Four Marines were killed Wednesday during a range maintenance operation at Camp Pendleton in California , the military said . The incident was the deadliest for Pendleton since seven Marines were killed in a February 2012 midair collision between helicopters along the Arizona-California border , said a military spokesman . Six of them were based at Camp Pendleton , California , and the other was from Yuma , Arizona . Their names of the four Marines killed this week were n't immediately released because their families were still being notified , the Marines said . The four Marines were working in a range area used for live-fire exercises , but the deaths did n't occur under such live fire , said a military spokesman who asked not to be identified while the matter is under investigation . The incident could have "  very possibly " involved unexploded ordnance suddenly detonating , the spokesman said . The range is known as Zulu Black , a Marine spokesman said . The deaths are under investigation , the Marines said . "  We offer our heartfelt prayers and condolences to the families of the Marines lost today in this tragic accident . Our first priority is to provide the families with the support they need during this difficult time , " Brig. Gen. John W. Bullard , commanding general of Camp Pendleton , said in a statement . In March , seven Marines were killed when a 60mm mortar round exploded at Hawthorne Army Depot in Nevada . An investigation revealed that "  the Marines employing one of the mortars did not follow correct procedures , resulting in the detonation of a high explosive round at the mortar position , " the Marines said in a statement . Three Marines were relieved of their duties after the incident . The Marines said they were dismissed because their commanding general "  lost trust and confidence in their ability to ensure proper preparation for , and conduct of , live fire training events . " 7 killed in explosion at Nevada Marine training exercise CNN 's Barbara Starr and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	The four Marines were working on range area known as Zulu Black used for live-fire drills But the deaths did n't occur under such live fire , a military source says It 's possible that unexploded ordnance suddenly detonated , the source says In March , seven Marines were killed when a mortar round exploded in Nevada
CNN  Tensions are running high following the massacre at the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Wednesday , and that is exactly how it should be . The correct , human response to an atrocity of this nature is revulsion and deep moral anger . Far from precluding rational understanding , such anger should cause us to demand sensible , productive analysis and to brush aside comments from politicians or pundits that do not live up to the seriousness of the moment . The "  clash of civilizations " has become a popularized frame that is wheeled out whenever an attack by Islamic extremists is carried out against a Western target . It casts a democratic , liberal West as being locked in an epic struggle with a backward and violently intolerant Muslim world . According to this narrative , the West , which treasures freedom of speech , has this week come under attack from an Islamic culture that refuses to accept any instance of what it regards as blasphemy . Voices from the left and right can be heard repeating the assumptions underlying these sweeping generalizations . Consider two examples from the United Kingdom this week . Nigel Farage , leader of the anti-immigrant party UKIP , opined that there are people living in Britain from other cultures who "  hate us " and represent a "  fifth column , " thus implicating entire communities as enemies of the nation . Separately , the liberal British journalist Jon Snow tweeted : "  Paris : brutal clash of civilizations : Europe 's belief in freedom of expression vs those for whom death is a weapon in defending their beliefs . " Snow of course knows very well that a handful of armed men do not constitute a "  civilization , " just as he knows what the phrase he employed is universally understood to mean . With the far right on the march across Europe , and violent reprisals being carried out against blameless French Muslims , now is not the time for inflammatory or even careless language . Moreover , these two-dimensional representations do nothing to help us make sense of what is actually going on . Ascribing characteristics to entire "  civilizations " as though they are uncomplicated and homogenous , containing no competing or contradictory forces , is to tell ourselves a fairy tale rather than to face the world as it really is . Take the idea that freedom of speech is a Western value . Clearly Europe and North America enjoy a high degree of freedom of expression . But the elected governments of many Western states also provide material support to some of the most repressive regimes in the world . In Saudi Arabia Friday , dissident blogger Raif Badawi was publicly flogged for the crime of facilitating debate and insulting Islam . In states such as Bahrain and Egypt , those expressing unacceptable opinions can find themselves jailed , tortured , and even massacred , while the governments of the United States and United Kingdom continue to arm the regimes responsible . France too is a major weapons dealer in the region , supplying states such as the UAE and Qatar , the latter of which jailed the poet Mohammed al-Ajami for 15 years for "  insulting the Emir " and calling for the overthrow of the government . The support given to these tyrannies by Washington , London and Paris is not an aberration , but a core component of long-established strategy . If democracy and freedom of speech are inherently and uncomplicatedly "  Western values , " how does one account for this ? Similarly , if democracy and freedom of speech are antithetical to the values of Arab or Muslim culture , then how to explain the thousands , even millions of people in the Middle East that have , especially since late 2010 , fought and risked their lives for precisely these things , often against regimes backed by Western states ? Are we to airbrush from the picture those participants in the Arab uprisings who are both Muslim and defenders of human rights , ignoring their bravery and their sacrifices ? Freedom has its champions and opponents in all parts of the world . The degree of freedom secured at any given moment merely reflects how the struggle between the two sides has played out so far , rather than some innate cultural attributes . The social systems of the West were not born democratic , but became that way through often painful periods of internal conflict , France being the classic example . Likewise , the extreme puritanism of ISIS and al Qaeda has not emanated smoothly and naturally from the cultures and religious practices of the Middle East  where it continues to be overwhelmingly rejected  . In the modern era , it was originally imposed by force in the Arabian Peninsula when the House of Saud conquered the area in the early twentieth century . The Saudis have since promoted fundamentalism , often as a way of suppressing more secular forms of opposition , and have lost control of the results with disastrous consequences . The roots of Islamic extremism are complex . Western state support for regimes like Saudi Arabia , and pursuit of disastrous wars , not least in Iraq , may not be the decisive causal factors . But they are part of the mix , and profoundly unhelpful . What we need now is not false division between "  East " and "  West " , but for democrats on both sides to stand together against extremism and violence in all its forms .	` Clash of civilizations ' line wheeled out when Islamic extremists attack Western target is sweeping generalization , David Wearing says These two-dimensional representations do nothing to help us make sense of what is actually going on , Wearing writes What is needed is for Muslim and Western democrats to stand together against extremism and violence in all its forms , he says
CNN  -- On paper Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray might be the favorites to reach the U.S. Open final since they were the last men standing in three of the four previous majors . But neither will enter the season 's final grand slam in good form after they exited in the quarterfinals of the Cincinnati Masters on Friday . World No. 1 Djokovic was the first to go , falling to big-serving John Isner 7-6 3-6 7-5 and Murray was soon joining him in the locker room . The world No. 2 was ousted by Tomas Berdych 6-3 6-4 . Djokovic has n't won a title since April and lost in heartbreaking fashion to Rafael Nadal in the semifinals of the Rogers Cup in Montreal last week . Murray , meanwhile , might still be coming to terms with his epic victory at Wimbledon that ended Britain 's 77-year men 's singles drought , although Berdych improved to 6-4 against the Scot . "  It 's disappointing that I played this way , " Djokovic told reporters . "  For me it 's very disappointing . " I just played a very bad match overall . Terrible match . From beginning to end , except the start of the second set , I was just a different player totally . " Djokovic opened the door for Isner in the tiebreak when he double faulted at 3-3 . He saved four break points to start the second and looked to be in control but buckled as he served to stay in the match at 5-6 in the third . He 'll have to wait to complete his Masters collection . It was the 22nd-ranked Isner 's second win over Djokovic , both on home soil . "  I really feel like the crowd in both matches really , really helped me out , " Isner told the ATP 's website . "  It was just so much fun to play out there . " Murray , the defending U.S. Open champion , lost to the unpredictable Ernests Gulbis in the third round in Montreal . He did n't break Berdych , missing a break point in the first set and three in the second . Juan Martin del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open winner , advanced to the semifinals with a three-set win over resurgent Russian Dmitry Tursunov . Nadal , riding a 12-match winning streak on hard courts , will face Roger Federer in Friday 's marquee encounter . In the women 's draw , top-seed Serena Williams eased past Romania 's Simona Halep 6-0 6-4 and former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic progressed by defeating Roberta Vinci by the same score .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will enter this year 's U.S. Open without a title since April Djokovic loses to big-serving American John Isner at the Cincinnati Masters on Friday Andy Murray also exits in the quarterfinals following a defeat to Czech Tomas Berdych Serena Williams reaches the semifinals by ousting Romania 's Simona Halep
AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton , needing a win in Texas to derail Sen. Barack Obama in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination , sought Thursday to contrast her opponent 's rhetorical skills with what she called her superior ability to govern . Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton face off in a high-stakes debate . "  I do think that words are important and words matter , " Clinton said at a debate at the University of Texas . "  But actions speak louder than words . " Obama responded by laying out issues he 's worked on in the Senate and others he 'd support as president -- then called it ridiculous to suggest his supporters are "  being duped . " "  The implication is that the people who have been voting for me or involved in my campaign are somehow delusional , " he said . Obama said his supporters perceive the reality of what 's going on in Washington very clearly , and they want to see it change . "  What they see is that if we do n't bring the country together , stop the endless bickering , actually focus on solutions and reduce the special interests that have dominated Washington , then we will not get anything done . " Watch Obama talk about his plan to change Washington " Much of the 90-minute debate featured the two candidates staking out similar positions on issues like Iraq , the economy and immigration . Watch the candidates weigh in on the economy " "  It was a very odd debate -- the questioners had to beg them to differ with each other , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider . See what CNN 's political team thought of the showdown " The debate was the first the two have participated in since they met in Los Angeles January 31 . Five days later , the two effectively split the victories on Super Tuesday . But since then , Obama has rolled to 11 straight wins , a streak that leaves Clinton needing wins in delegate-rich Texas and Ohio on March 4 . Vermont and Rhode Island also hold primaries that day . Texas is the biggest prize , with 193 Democratic delegates . Going into those primaries , Obama leads Clinton by 140 pledged delegates . Responding to a question from the panel , Clinton 's sharpest attack on Obama came when she went after him for borrowing lines from a speech by Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , his campaign co-chairman , in his own campaign speeches . The Clinton campaign has called that plagiarism . "  If your campaign is going to be about words , they should be your own words , " she said . "  Lifting whole passages is n't change you can believe in ; it 's change you can Xerox . " Watch the spat over plagiarism " Some in the audience booed Clinton for the line . "  This is where we start getting into silly season in politics , " Obama replied , saying Patrick is a friend who suggested he use the lines . "  People start getting tired of it . " A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll out Monday suggests the Democratic race in Texas is a statistical dead heat . Watch uncommitted Texas students discuss debate " In the survey , taken before Obama 's Tuesday victories in Wisconsin and Hawaii , 50 percent of likely Democratic primary voters support Clinton as their choice for the party 's nominee , with 48 percent backing Obama . The poll 's margin of error is 4.5 percentage points . Two other recent polls also show the race statistically even . With so much at stake , analysts said Clinton needed a very strong performance in the debate , the only time the two candidates will share a stage in Texas before the state 's primary . "  Texas is the endgame . Hillary Clinton has to stop Obama in Texas . This means she has to do something to shake the race up . She has to raise doubts about Obama and get Democrats to rethink whether they really want to rally behind him , " Schneider said . In a state where Hispanic voters are expected to make up a large share of the March 4 electorate , the pair fielded questions on immigration reform and dealing with Cuba 's government in the wake of President Fidel Castro 's decision this week to step down . Watch the candidates talk about Cuba " Both Clinton and Obama voted to authorize President Bush to build a border fence between the United States and Mexico -- but both said Thursday they would consult with leaders in border areas about where fencing is needed and where other methods could be used to secure the borders . Watch the candidates debate immigration " "  As with so much , the Bush administration has gone off the deep end , " Clinton said . Both also said they 'd be willing to meet with Fidel Castro 's brother Raul -- who is expected to become president of Cuba after his brother stepped down -- if the nation 's leadership has shown signs of improving its record on human rights , freedom of the press and other issues . Schneider said neither candidate appeared to have gained or lost significant ground in Thursday 's debate . After months of campaigning that have included 19 Democratic debates , some analysts said the two may be satisfied to stand on the themes they 've established and simply let voters decide . E-mail to a friend	Clinton , Obama discuss immigration , economy , taxes in mostly civil debate "  It was a very odd debate , " says CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider Clinton , Obama in close race in Texas , polls show Texas holds its primary March 4
CNN  -- Pastor Maldonado grabbed his first Formula One victory as the Venezuelan impressively held off Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso to win Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix , but his celebrations were muted by a fire in his team 's pit-lane garage . In only his second Formula One season , Maldonado secured Williams ' first win since 2004 despite losing the early advantage of his pole position , thanks to some timely pit stops after Alonso raced away from him at the start . Maldonado 's second pit stop proved key to his victory and Alonso then had to work hard to hold off Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen , with the Finn 's teammate Romain Grosjean finishing fourth , while Kamui Kobayashi of Sauber was fifth and Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel sixth . Alonso and defending champion Vettel are tied on points in the 2012 standings after a race that produced the season 's fifth winner in five races , though the German driver stays ahead on count back . Maldonado had started on pole after McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton was relegated to the back of the grid on Saturday because of a technical fuel breach , which resulted in the exclusion of all the Briton 's qualifying times by the race stewards . Hamilton fought up from the back of the grid to eighth , with teammate Jenson Button taking ninth . "  I think it 's a wonderful day , not just for me but for all the team , " said Maldonado . "  We have been pushing so hard since last year to try to improve race by race and here we are . " Spaniard Alonso added : "  Second place at home feels fantastic and thanks to the people that came here and the people at home and hopefully a step forward in terms of championship possibilities . " However Williams ' celebrations at Maldonado 's win were marred after a fire broke out in the team 's garage just over an hour after the race finished as the Barcelona pit lane was engulfed in thick smoke . A number of personnel from the Williams , Force India and Caterham teams were taken to the medical center , though no serious injuries have been confirmed . Of the 31 people taken to the medical center , 24 were released and the remaining seven were transferred to local hospitals for treatment . "  All the team 's employees have been accounted for and four people have been taken to the circuit medical center for examination ; one with a minor hand injury and three with respiratory issues , " said Caterham . Formula One 's governing body the FIA and the Spanish authorities have opened an investigation into the fire . Meanwhile , Mercedes driver Michael Schumacher 's collision with Williams ' Bruno Senna on lap 12 proved costly for Germany 's seven-time world champion , who was handed a five-place grid penalty for the Monaco Grand Prix later this month . Race stewards decided Schumacher was at fault in the incident which forced the retirement of both drivers .	Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado takes first Formula One win in only his second season Maldonado 's Williams team secures first win since 2004 in Spain on Sunday Fernando Alonso finishes second to join Sebastian Vettel at top of standings McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton fights from back of the grid to take eighth place
CNN  -- Another American doctor infected with the deadly Ebola virus is coming home for treatment in the United States . Dr. Rick Sacra was stationed in Liberia when he was exposed to the virus . He will be flown to Nebraska , according to the international Christian mission organization Serving In Mission . He 's expected to arrive at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha on Friday . His spouse , Debbie Sacra , said he is "  clearly sick " but is in "  good spirits " and was able to walk onto the plane . "  We are really encouraged by that news and are looking forward to reuniting with him , " she said . Sacra was admitted to an Ebola case management center over the weekend near the hospital in Monrovia where he has served for 15 years . "  Rick was receiving excellent care from our SIM/ELWA staff in Liberia at our Ebola 2 Care Center , " said Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA . "  They all love and admire him deeply . However , The Nebraska Medical Center provides advanced monitoring equipment and wider availability of treatment options . " What to know about the killer disease Sacra , who is from Holden , Massachusetts , was not treating Ebola patients directly . Instead he was delivering babies at a general hospital in Monrovia , Johnson said . "  I am surrounded by friends and family and the body of Christ , who are a great encouragement and who are praying fervently for Rick 's recovery along with me , " Debbie Sacra said in a statement . "  We are trusting in God to be with Rick and us through this difficult circumstance . "  Rick would want me to urge you to remember that there are many people in Liberia who are suffering in this epidemic and others who are not receiving standard health care because clinics and hospitals have been forced to close . West Africa is on the verge of a humanitarian crisis , and the world needs to respond compassionately and generously . " Sacra had been to Liberia with SIM before , and volunteered to go again after he heard fellow missionaries Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly had contracted the virus , SIM President Bruce Johnson said . Both were also flown to Atlanta for treatment and have been released . "  We learned a bit from  the  Emory experience , " Dr. Philip Smith , with the University of Nebraska Medical Center , said about where Brantly and Writebol were treated . "  They found that after they took care of these patients for a little while that they were comfortable backing down ... Even though it 's backing down , it 's still two or three layers of gloves instead of one . It 's no comparison to what you would do in an ordinary hospital floor , " he said , CNN affiliate KETV reported . Human trial of experimental Ebola vaccine begins Sacra started to show symptoms of haemorrhagic fever on Friday evening . Health care workers did an Ebola test on Monday , which came back positive for the deadly virus . Sacra was following all protocols and taking all necessary precautions against Ebola , Johnson said . It is unclear how he became infected , but SIM is working with the CDC to determine the point of contact .	Dr. Rick Sacra will be flown to Nebraska for treatment Sacra was stationed in Liberia when he caught the Ebola virus Aid organization says he will have better access to care in U.S.
CNN  -- Stephen Fry is a comedian , actor and writer , who has become something rare in British public life ; a national treasure . The self-effacing 53-year-old , who is renowned for his modesty as much as his wit , generally recoils at the unofficial title . If someone had told Fry when he was a teenage tear-away -- he was jailed for credit card fraud when just 17 -- that he would achieve his current level of success and garner so much affection he would have been shocked . "  I would n't have believed them for a minute . I think I would have almost exploded with hope and distrust , you know , " he told CNN . "  It 's like a child being told that they are going to see Willy Wonka , they think , ` It 's not true , I will actually die . It 'd better be true . ' And I do n't think I would have believed it , I do have to hug myself at how lucky I 've been . " After some turbulent teenage years , Fry went to Cambridge University where he met Hugh Laurie and Emma Thompson ; forging friendships and collaborations that he admits helped to define the rest of his life . From his comedy writing with Laurie , Fry wrote and appeared in numerous TV comedies and shows , including the long-running comedy series "  Blackadder " . He 's since gone on to appear in movies , host the cerebral celebrity quiz show "  QI " and most recently appear in the hit U.S. series "  Bones " . While dividing his time between numerous projects , from acting and directing to writing and indulging his love of technology , one constant in Fry 's life has been coping with manic depression . "  I swing from a hyper state in which , quite far from feeling self-disgust and self-hatred , you are grandiose ... You have feelings of grandiosity and creative power and connection to the world and absolute empathy with all living and inanimate things and everything seems possible and it 's very hard to sleep and your body 's buzzing , " he said . "  When you 're depressed , the idea of there being a tomorrow seems insupportable , nonsensical and pointless and it 's very hard to shake off . You do n't want to connect to other people , you just want to pull the social duvet over your head and be done with it all . It can be very bad indeed and painful . " Through work with mental health charities and making the Emmy-award winning documentary , "  The Secret Life of a Manic Depressive " , he has gone some way to removing the stigma surrounding the illness and creating greater public awareness . "  I think of it as being the weather , the point of the weather is that it is not under our control , we ca n't make it sunny when it 's stormy , we ca n't make it rain when it is dry and hot . But it is also true that it 's real . "  The classic mistake is to somehow imagine that it 's your fault and that it is n't really there and that if you snap your fingers then the dark clouds will rise . "  I think we 're a long way from understanding manic depression , a long way . But I think we 're at least now better able to understand its effect and begin to talk about it more openly . "	Stephen Fry is a British actor , writer and comedian Began career in television writing and appearing in comedies with Hugh Laurie A self-confessed technophile he has battled manic depression throughout his life
Istanbul  CNN  -- The United States now recognizes the main opposition group in Libya "  as the legitimate governing authority " in a country that Moammar Gadhafi has long ruled with an iron first , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday . U.S. recognition of the Transitional National Council is a major diplomatic policy shift that could give the rebels access to Libyan regime assets that have been frozen by the United States . Clinton announced the change in Istanbul at a meeting of the Libya Contact Group , the alliance of nations working to deal with the Libyan crisis . Applause rippled through the audience as she spoke . Clinton said the Transitional National Council , also known as the TNC , "  continues to gain legitimacy as the representative of the Libyan people " and conducts "  high-level diplomacy with governments worldwide . " "  So I am announcing today that , until an interim authority is in place , the United States will recognize the TNC as the legitimate governing authority for Libya , and we will deal with it on that basis . " The United States had previously stopped short of giving this recognition to the council , but Clinton said the body , based in Benghazi , Libya , "  has offered important assurances today . " They include "  the promise to pursue a process of democratic reform that is inclusive both geographically and politically , to uphold Libya 's international obligations and to disburse funds in a transparent manner to address the humanitarian and other needs of the Libyan people . " The United States "  appreciates these assurances from the TNC , which reinforce our confidence that it is the appropriate interlocutor for us in dealing with Libya 's present and addressing Libya 's future . " In Zintan , rebel military commander Hajj Ousama Jwaili , a commander in the western mountains , said Friday that he considers the announcement "  another indication of support by the international community toward the rebel fighters . " He added , "  This is an appreciated move by the U.S. , and more countries should do the same . " Gadhafi reacted with derision to the U.S. announcement . "  Their decisions , meetings , recognitions and their statements are all under your feet -- trample on them , " he said Friday in an audio message , purportedly taped in Zlitan and broadcast on state-run television . "  This is our answer to all the decisions they took against the Libyan people . " The Libyan leader urged the NATO powers and others to take heed of what he said was his continuing popularity in Libya . "  You in America , Europe , Russia and everywhere , look ! Look at the millions . Look at the Libyan people . More than 5 million people carrying the pictures of Gadhafi are ready for jihad and for martyrdom . " He called for "  traitors " to give up their effort to overthrow his regime , warning that failure to comply will have consequences . "  They must abandon their weapons and turn themselves in from Benghazi to Misrata to Zintan , " he said . "  We will not hold anyone who turns in his weapons accountable . If this does not happen , the march of millions will take place . " The Libyan uprising began in February , when opposition forces began fighting to oust Gadhafi and his regime . NATO forces have been operating under a U.N. mandate in Libya to protect people from aggression by Gadhafi forces . Clinton said the United States "  will help the TNC sustain its commitment to the sovereignty , independence , territorial integrity and national unity of Libya , and we will look to it to remain steadfast in its commitment to human rights and fundamental freedoms . " "  In contrast , the United States views the Gadhafi regime as no longer having any legitimate authority in Libya , " she said . Diplomatic efforts have been ongoing to end the crisis , and Clinton said Libyans are "  looking past Gadhafi . " "  They know , as we all know , that it is no longer a question of whether Gadhafi will leave power but when . " Clinton said the coalition will continue to target Gadhafi 's command and control if he keeps threatening the citizenry . "  The terms of a cease-fire are clear . Gadhafi must stop attacks or the threat of attacks , remove his troops from all of the places they have forcibly entered and facilitate the delivery of humanitarian assistance . "  The terms of a political process that will produce a cease-fire and pave the way to a democratic Libya are also clear . It must involve Gadhafi 's departure and an inclusive effort to build a new constitutional framework that redeems the democratic aspirations of all the Libyan people . " As for the recognition step , a senior State Department official reiterated that the rebel council 's political and economic assurances "  turned the tide " in their favor . "  We sent a very clear signal ... to the TNC that we recognize them as the future of Libya , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . "  As such , we 're going to take steps to make sure that they 're able to carry out their functions . " A final statement issued by the Contact Group raised a range of points , including an agreement by the participants "  to deal " with the Transitional National Council "  as the legitimate governing authority " in the country "  until an interim authority is in place . " It also welcomed monetary pledges and encouraged financial help . "  Noting that the unfolding situation in Libya since mid-February has disrupted the operations of foreign companies and contractors , the Contact Group welcomed the commitment of the  Transitional National Council  to open up Libya to foreign investment as soon as possible and its commitment to honor any existing legal contracts signed under the Gadhafi regime , " it said . It also cited "  the need for establishment of a genuine cease-fire and provision of safe humanitarian access remain as urgent as ever . " The group "  urged all relevant parties to explore ways and means of paving the way for the formation of an interim government to ensure a smooth and peaceful transition of power with the widest popular support possible , " it said . CNN 's Elise Labott and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Gadhafi asks Libyans to "  trample " on the U.S. announcement He says he 's wildly popular in Libya and derides "  traitors " Hillary Clinton states the new policy at Libya Contact Group meeting in Turkey The Transitional National Council is a main organization for the opposition
A European court on Monday ruled that radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza can be extradited from Great Britain to the United States , where he faces a host of terrorism charges . The European Human Rights Court issued its ruling , clearing the way for Hamza 's extradition . This means that he can now be moved to the United States , though no date has been set . Hamza faces 11 charges in U.S. courts , including conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping of 16 Westerners in Yemen and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon in 1999 . Read more about the Abu Hamza story The cleric is one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britian , where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges . The Egyptian-born Hamza -- who is also known as Mustafa Kamal Mustafa -- has previously denied wrongdoing , saying , "  They have no evidence against me whatsoever apart from me trying basically to open the people 's eyes about certain principles . " Monday 's decision , which was signed by seven judges from different European nations , follows a ruling this spring in which the same court likewise said that Hamza and four other terror suspects could be extradited . The court determined , then and now , that the suspects would not get "  ill treatment " in super-maximum security prisons if they are extradited to the United States and convicted in American courts , according to the European court 's decision Monday . That ruling noted that conditions in such U.S. prisons were in some ways better for inmates than in Europe , given that they 'd have access to things like television , newspapers , social visits and hobby-related items . It acknowledged the prisoners may be confined in their cells most of the time , but said this is warranted given the charges they face . "  As concerned ... restrictive conditions and lack of human contact , the court found that , if the applicants were convicted as charged , the U.S. authorities would be justified in considering them a significant security risk and in imposing strict limitations on their ability to communicate with the outside world , " the court ruled . The British Home Office issued a statement Monday saying it "  welcomes " Monday 's decision , which also affects several others wanted in the United States . "  We will work to ensure that the individuals are handed over to the U.S. authorities as quickly as possible , " the office said in its statement . The U.S. Justice Department , through spokesman Dean Boyd , similarly applauded the European Human Rights Court 's ruling . "  We are pleased that the litigation before the European Court of Human Rights in these cases has come to an end , and we will be working with the UK authorities on the arrangements to bring these subjects to the United States for prosecution , " Boyd said . In addition to Hamza , the four others who can now be extradited to the United States are Syed Thala Ahsan , Adel Abdul Bary , Khaled Al-Fawwaz and Babar Ahmad . The court earlier this year delayed its decision on a sixth suspect , Haroon Rashid Aswat , so that further information could be provided regarding his mental health issues . U.S. authorities allege Aswat -- who suffers from schizophrenia , according to court documents , and is now held in Broadmoor Hospital , a high-security psychiatric facility situated 65 kilometers  40 miles  west of London -- was Hamza 's co-conspirator . All six men were indicted in the United States on various charges between 1999 and 2006 , after which they were arrested in the United Kingdom . Ahmad , for one , is accused of providing material support to terrorists , conspiracy and money laundering . If convicted , he could face a life prison-sentence . The U.S. indictment against Ahmad accuses him of conspiring to provide support to terrorists , including helping to ship gas masks to the Taliban and using U.S.-based websites to raise money for Chechen leader Shamil Basayev . Basayev claimed responsibility for the Beslan school massacre in Russia in 2004 , two years before he was killed by Russian agents . Two men who can now be extradited -- Al-Fawwaz and Bary were among more than 20 people indicted  with late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden among them  -- are charged in connection with the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . Bary , for one , could be sentenced to 269 mandatory life sentences if convicted on murder charges tied with the blasts . The other four men who can now be extradited could "  face discretionary life sentences " -- which they argue would be unfair -- the European court said . "  The court did not consider that these sentences were grossly disproportionate or amounted to inhuman or degrading treatment , " the court said .	Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza faces 11 terrorism-related charges in the United States He 'd challenged efforts to extradite him from Britain , but a European court rules against him 4 others also can be extradited , including Adel Abdul Bary , who could get 269 life sentences The U.S. is "  pleased " and will work to extradite the 5 terror suspects , a spokesman says
Editor 's note : Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Republican , represents the 3rd District of Utah in Congress and is appearing in CNN.com 's "  Freshman Year " series , along with Rep. Jared Polis , a Democrat from Colorado . Here , his wife , Julie Chaffetz , talks about how she copes with the challenges of her freshman year as a "  congressional spouse . " Julie Chaffetz and her husband , Rep. Jason Chaffetz , pose in front of a view of Washington . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In reality , there 's a lot more to serving in Congress than simply voting on the House floor . There are plenty of tasks -- technically optional -- that are essential for someone who wants to do this job well . No one makes you read the bills , but to do the job right , you must . There are constituents to meet with , letters to answer , staff to manage , media to respond to and new bills to research . These duties can eat up as much time as I can give . I 'm learning to balance the workload . The real challenge for me is setting the work aside . My family is still the center of my life . I look forward to that flight home every single weekend . Through trial and error , Julie and I have learned some important strategies for making our family time count . I have learned to schedule time individually with each of my children . I also schedule time to date my wife . We met at a wedding in Arizona and started dating shortly after when I was a senior and Julie was a junior at Brigham Young University in 1989 . We married in February 1991 . Julie 's challenges are different from mine . I 'll let her explain what it 's like to be a congressional spouse . Julie Chaffetz : As I sit down for a moment to type , I 'm strangely aware that 10-finger typing is much harder than thumb texting -- a symptom of my life . Time seems to be flying , as the saying goes , and it is fun . Since Jason was elected to Congress , I have learned to adapt to many new challenges . Perspective is everything . Jason loves his job ; I love my job . Raising three children to be healthy , happy contributors to society is my quest . Nurturing our 8 , 13 and 16-year-olds is a lesson in constant motion -- or rather , commotion . It 's important to me that they feel centered and cared for . Although I 'm not a perfect mother , I 've got great kids who reward me with hugs , smiles , occasional pouts and late-night chats . Planning is crucial . Before Congress , I tended to deal with things day-by-day . Now , time is precious . During our campaign I received some sage advice from Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake 's wife , Cheryl . She recommended that when Jason is in Washington , I spend time doing the things I need to do on my own , such as errands , volunteering , time with friends , helping with homework , and home projects like learning how to repair a toilet -- and yes , I mastered this skill ! So , when Jason is home , we can use our time as a family working , reconnecting and having fun . I 'm a people person . Family and friends are a big part of my support . I 'm the youngest of six and I have an amazing family . My parents and siblings are settled everywhere from Minnesota to Arizona . Fortunately , Utah is a great midpoint . We regularly have company ; so much so that we 've earned the nickname "  Hotel Chaffetz . " For day-to-day support , I 'm lucky to have two very close friends . Our kids have grown up together and my friends are always there when I need anything : from picking my kids up from school if I 'm running late , tending our dogs when we travel , or giving me a pep talk just when I need it . I also belong to a book club of six women . We have been laughing , counseling and spilling our guts to each other once a month for the past 16 years . And we still manage to read good books , too . One of my recent favorites is "  The Glass Castle " by Jeannette Walls . Above all , I have learned to be flexible and keep my sense of humor . Recently , I was in Washington with Jason when he decided the right thing to do was to fly to Antigua and help some Americans out . Although I was tempted to be bugged , I chose to be flexible . I spent the rest of my day without Jason , flew home alone , and arranged for a ride home from the airport . Good friends are priceless . I 'm the CEO of Utah Chaffetz and lovin ' it ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz and Julie Chaffetz .	Rep. Chaffetz 's wife , Julie , is raising three children ; writes "  perspective is everything " "  Planning is crucial . " Julie used to go with the flow , but "  now , time is precious " Julie Chaffetz says support from family and close friends keeps her going Says being flexible important as plans change or the need to travel comes up
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho 's remarkable nine-year unbeaten home league record came to an end on Saturday as Real Madrid suffered a shock 1-0 defeat by Sporting Gijon which allowed Barcelona to take an eight-point lead in Spain 's La Liga . The Portuguese coach had not lost a home match since February 2002 , a 150-match streak taking in his trophy-laden stints with Porto , Chelsea , Inter Milan and now Real . His injury-hit team took to the field without top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo , in-form striker Karim Benzema , defender Marcelo and suspended key midfielder Xabi Alonso , though Argentina forward Gonzalo Higuain made a welcome return as a second-half substitute after back surgery . Former Real star Ronaldo was honored at the Santiago Bernabeu before the match to farewell the club 's fans following the Brazil legend 's recent retirement , but Gijon -- placed a lowly 15th before kickoff -- ruined their hopes of an anticipated routine victory . Those expectations rose when Ricardo Carvalho had the ball in the net in the fourth minute , but the veteran Portugal defender was ruled to be offside . Miguel de las Cuevas , formerly at Real 's local rivals Atletico , scored the only goal with a low shot that went in off the post in the 78th minute as Los Merengues were left to rue a series of missed chances . Mourinho must now decide whether to bring back Ronaldo for Tuesday 's Champions League quarterfinal first leg at home to English club Tottenham , with Real 's hopes of a domestic crown all-but over with eight rounds to play after a similarly-depleted Barcelona side scraped a 1-0 win over Villarreal in Saturday 's late match . "  We will have chances to win against Tottenham Hotspur if we play a solid game and do n't have problems in attack . It would n't be dramatic to draw against them at home , " Mourinho told Real 's website . "  Luck plays a role in this game and our opponent had all of it tonight . Our only problem was the absence of creative players . Xabi Alonso will play on Tuesday and he 's the only one who can change our style a little . "  We can earn a different result on Tuesday with the same players . Cristiano Ronaldo will play if he and his coach decide to take a risk . The decision of risking it belongs only to him and to me . I may risk it . " Barcelona started the match at Villarreal with top scorer Lionel Messi on the bench after missing Argentina 's midweek friendly due to an injury worry , while captain Carles Puyol , key midfielder Xavi , winger Pedro were ruled out along with veteran French defender Eric Abidal . Stand-in skipper Victor Valdes kept his side in the match with some important first-half saves , but the match turned when coach Pep Guardiola brought on Messi for midfielder Seydou Keita seven minutes after the interval . The winning goal came , however , from an unlikely source in the 67th minute as central defender Gerard Pique showed good skills to chest down Sergio Busquets ' header from Dani Alves ' corner and volley into the net despite suspicions of handball . Valdes came to Barca 's rescue with five minutes to play as he did well to block a goalbound shot from midfielder Santi Cazorla . Barca will return to the Nou Camp on Wednesday for the Champions League quarterfinal tie at home to top Ukraine side Shakhtar Donetsk . Villarreal lost third place after Valencia won 4-2 at Getafe earlier in the day , bouncing back from two successive defeats as Roberto Soldado scored all four goals against his former club . The Madrid side led after 12 minutes through Manu del Moral , but Soldado leveled a minute after the break from Juan Mata 's pass . The striker made it 2-1 on 64 from a Jonas assist and clinched his hat-trick soon after , while Mata was again his provider in the 77th minute . Adrian Sardinero scored a late consolation for Getafe , who have slumped to 14th place -- five points above the relegation zone -- after winning just once in 14 games .	Barcelona 's lead grows to eight points after Real Madrid 's defeat by Sporting Gijon Real coach Jose Mourinho suffers his first home league reverse in nine years Barca , also hit by injuries , edge a 1-0 victory at fourth-placed Villarreal Valencia reclaim third as Roberto Soldado scores four goals against former club Getafe
CNN  -- An unusual exhibition is confusing and amusing tourists and locals in central Copenhagen this month . Strange signs from around the world can be seen in Copenhagen , Denmark . "  Signspotting " is a collection of more than 100 signs found by travelers around the world and recreated by travel writer Doug Lansky . "  I wanted it to look as if we 'd stolen the sign or someone with a professional camera had taken a really good picture of it , " he told CNN . See pictures from Signspotting in Copenhagen . " Lansky started his collection almost 17 years ago , encouraged by friends who found his photos of strange signs more compelling than his treasured holiday snaps . As a travel columnist for the Chicago Tribune , he set about collecting photos of as many bizarre signs as he could . Interest in the project became so big that he eventually used them to replace the column itself . Signspotting Weekly was taken up by six papers , and before he knew it people began to send him pictures of signs they 'd seen , eventually enough to fill a floor-to-ceiling cabinet . The photos filled two volumes of Signspotting books for Lonely Planet . Lansky chose the best for the first exhibition in Stockholm last year . "  I felt bad I had n't seen them . I knew I was n't going to go around the world to track it down so I thought I 'd do it this way , " he said . Creating the exhibition took hours of painstaking work to digitally enlarge the photos so they looked like the real thing . "  When most of these people sent these signs in they were on a postcard-sized photo and the actual sign was about the size of a postage stamp . To blow them up to this size was tricky , " he said . The photos were then mounted onto real signs on metal poles standing in concrete bases . The free exhibition opened in Copenhagen , Denmark last week and will move to Arhus , Denmark on July 1st . Lansky is currently building a second exhibition for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in August .	Doug Lansky has been collecting photos of amusing signs for 17 years The "  Signspotting " street exhibition opened in Copenhagen last week Reproducing the life-sized signs from tiny photographs is a painstaking task Each sign was digitally enlarged and mounted on metal poles
CNN  -- Wednesday 's decision by the U.S. Patent Office to repeal six federal trademarks of the Washington Redskins on the grounds that the name is "  disparaging to Native Americans " is , of course , a victory for the Native American community and our allies . Yet we have been here before . In 1999 , Suzan Shown Harjo , who is Cheyenne and Hodulgee Muscogee , won a battle against the Washington Redskins after a three-judge panel of the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board ruled against the team and removed its trademark protections . But that decision was later appealed and the ruling overturned , and the team regained its trademarks . That is why today 's decision is certainly worth celebrating , but not without a sense of hesitation . Should team owner Dan Snyder 's appeal to the U.S. Patent Office fail , then we can celebrate even louder -- and even louder when the name is changed . Still , Snyder 's trademark attorney Bob Raskopf is adamant that the team will , again , emerge victorious and win its appeal . "  We 've seen this before , " Raskopf said in a press release on Wednesday . "  And just like last time , today 's ruling will have no effect at all on the team 's ownership of and right to use the Redskins name and logo . " But what Raskopf has n't seen before is a proliferation of voices opposing the team name . Members of Congress , local D.C. officials , celebrities , media commentators and even former Washington Redskins like cornerback Champ Bailey have spoken out against the team name and urged Snyder to relent and change the name . Bailey even likened the team name to the n-word . "  When you hear a Native American say that ` Redskins ' is degrading , it 's almost like the N-word for a black person , " Bailey told USA Today Sports . On Wednesday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , speaking on the capitol floor in response to the trademark repeal , said , "  This is extremely important to Native Americans all over the country that they no longer use this name . It 's racist . The writing is on the wall . " The Washington team and the NFL , of course , realize the cancellation of the trademark protection hits them where it hurts -- their pocketbook , which was the whole point of the case brought by Amanda Blackhorse , a Navajo , who was one of five plaintiffs to contest the team 's federal trademark protection . If the team wo n't change the name voluntarily then it will be changed by force , not unlike how the team was forced to integrate black football players in the 1960s . Now , without trademark protection , anyone can make and sell Washington Redskins shirts , jerseys , hats and all manner of schwag without the legal muscle to hinder imitation Redskins products . Yet this issue is bigger than the Washington Redskins . It 's bigger than the slur alone . This is a campaign of dignity and humanity . The Washington team may be threatened by the very real possibility that it will have to change its name in the near future , but that does n't let the Cleveland Indians off the hook , or the Atlanta Braves , for that matter . But they 're feeling the pressure , too . Native Americans also are working to remove the Cleveland Indian logo of Chief Wahoo . This movement is about the dehumanization of Native Americans on every level -- not just in sports , but in media and Hollywood , as well . This is about respect and about the mental stability of our children . Empirical study has proven that Indian mascots harm the mental health of Native American children . They report to have low self-esteem , a limited sense of social worth and do not believe they can accomplish as much as students from other racial and ethnic backgrounds . These scientific studies do routinely fall on deaf ears , and somehow people , even prominent ones , continue to fight for the privilege to use the racial slur . Al Michaels , the NBC Sunday Night Football sportscaster , recently defended the use of the name and called the controversy "  nuts . " "  I mean , for 70-some odd years this was a zero issue , and then it became an issue , " he said . But that 's not quite accurate . Harjo and even the late American Indian Movement leader Russell Means fought against the name as well as all manner of Indian mascotry for decades . But with the continuing ubiquity of the Web and social media , the Native American voice has amplified . Just because someone could n't hear our elders in the 1960s and 1970s raging against the name does n't mean they were n't responding to this form of racism as well as fighting for our rights as indigenous peoples . I was asked recently why the mascot issue matters more than the epidemic of poverty on reservations . Or why we are bothered more by a word than the high school dropout rate of Native American students , which is the highest in the country . It 's not that names matter more , it 's that when we talk about death rates , rape and epidemics in Indian country we do n't always get a response . But when we interrupt sports ? We always get a response . Blackhorse , the plaintiff in the previous case , Blackhorse et al v. Pro-Football Inc. , told USA Today what she would say to Washington owner Daniel Snyder . "  I 'd ask him , ` Would you dare call me a redskin , right here , to my face ? ' " she says . "  And I suspect that , no , he would not do that . "	Simon Moya-Smith wonders if the latest trademark ruling could be the beginning of the end But a similar 1999 ruling was overturned on appeal Without trademark protection , he says Redskins T-shirts and schwag could be freely sold Moya-Smith : Owners and some fans continue to fight for the privilege to use the racial slur
CNN  -- Wednesday is the 100th anniversary of Richard Nixon 's birth . He remains a controversial figure , and not just on the political left . Last year , I was covering the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington when I came across a stall selling old political pins . Unable to resist , I bought one with a picture of Tricky Dick giving his best crocodile smile beneath the classic slogan "  Nixon 's The One ! " I slipped it on at a party later that evening and was surprised by the results . None of the young conservative activists had a nice word to say about Nixon and many were quite hostile . To them , he was the archetypal Republican in Name Only -- a liberal in conservative clothing . While most Americans probably remember him only for Watergate or Vietnam -- and many liberals still revile him as a war-bating , divisive anti-communist -- from a conservative perspective his politics were disappointingly moderate . He 's a reminder of an older , more centrist kind of Republican , the kind you do n't see very much these days . It feels today like the Republican Party is fighting a series of rear guard actions -- on the fiscal cliff , on guns and on Obama 's nominations . That 's partly a reflection of political reality ; they lost the presidential election and only control the House . But a common theme running through each of these battles is "  inflexibility . " They seem unwilling to yield either to President Obama 's post-election authority or to the popular mood . Of course , principle is an admirable quality . But it wo n't necessarily win the White House in 2016 . A lesson in the benefits of adapting to circumstances might be taken from the life of Richard Nixon . In domestic policy , Nixon bowed to the liberal consensus of his era . He supported the Equal Rights Amendment , founded the Environmental Protection Agency and was a proponent of the poverty-fighting measure of guaranteed income . He also established the first federal affirmative action program - the Philadelphia Plan , which required government contractors in Philadelphia to hire minority construction workers . As was so often the case with Nixon 's public compassion , this served a private purpose of outflanking his opponents . His environmentalism was designed to deny the issue to liberals ; his support of affirmative action divided them . The Philadelphia Plan was opposed by many Democrats , not just by Southern conservatives but also by labor leaders who saw it as a challenge to seniority programs . It set unions and civil rights activists against each other , while the president grabbed a little credit for being progressive . Even on foreign policy , the record is a complex mix of hawk and dove . Nixon said he wanted "  peace with honor " in Vietnam , which meant concluding the conflict in such a way that did n't undermine American military or political credibility . This translated into a perverse policy of extending the war to end it -- bombing Cambodia to a point of social anarchy that would lead , inexorably , to the genocide of the Khmer Rouge . Opinion : GOP 's obstructionism is suicide strategy But Nixon won re-election in 1972 partly on a reputation as a peacemaker with whom the Democrats could not compete . His visit to China began the slow process of integrating the Forbidden Kingdom into the rest of the world , and it put pressure on the Soviets to go further on detente . In 1973 , the administration helped Israel resist an Arab invasion by  belatedly  supplying arms . When that war was concluded , Nixon was widely regarded as having saved the world from a superpower confrontation in the Middle East and he was greeted by enthusiastic crowds in Egypt . But , by that point , his reputation at home had been so scarred by his involvement in the Watergate break-in that he could n't capitalize on his image as a global problem solver . Nixon was his own worst enemy . Beyond his foxing of opponents , Nixon was not without a personal manifesto . He was saving his more conservative policies for after his re-election . Had Watergate not reduced his political capital so early in 1973 , there 's a chance Nixon would have pushed ahead with his agenda of a New Federalism and undone much of the liberalism of his first term . The New Federalism was similar to what would later become Reaganism : tax cuts , more power to the states , welfare reform . Nixon , then , was a mix of ideals and prejudices , but all tempered by a respect for the possibilities and limitations of power . Aside from Watergate , that 's why he 's so unpopular with the contemporary conservative movement . While it 's true that the Republican Party continues to nominate moderates  from George H.W. Bush to Mitt Romney  , in recent decades they 've been expected to pass a test of ideological purity put to them by a restive base that invariably shifts the candidates ' platform to the right . Nixon also did his best to court conservatives , but his instinct was always to anchor himself in the rhetorical center . As president , his ambition to build a permanent New Majority depended upon walking a line between the radicalism of the left and the racialism of the far right . His strategy was n't built entirely upon pursuing Southern racists , as many liberal critics have suggested . Had it been so , he would n't have been re-elected in 1972 by winning every single state but Massachusetts . The fact is that Nixon was often very popular with a lot of regular Americans . In 1968 , he even took 36 % of the black vote , a much stronger performance than Mitt Romney 's paltry 6 % . Today , it 's difficult to talk about Nixon as a model for contemporary Republicans because his political reputation is so tarnished . But he does offer an interesting alternative electoral strategy to that pursued by the contemporary right and embodied by the mythically consistent Ronald Reagan  the Gipper was more moderate than his fans admit  . And the test of how well Nixon 's pragmatism worked is measured in his electoral victories . Despite his two memorable defeats in 1960 and 1962  "  You wo n't have Nixon to kick around anymore "  , he won election as a House representative , a senator , a vice president and a president . Considering that record , moderate Republicans in pursuit of the White House have every cause to get misty-eyed when they hear the name Richard Nixon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Wednesday is 100th anniversary of Richard Nixon 's birth He says GOP could take a page from Nixon on adapting . Nixon was good at getting elected He says Nixon was politcially strategic : backed ERA , poverty fighting measures , founded EPA Stanley : Without Watergate , he 'd likely still be popular
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday said a Florida church 's plans to burn dozens of Qurans this weekend would be a "  recruitment bonanza " for al Qaeda . "  You could have serious violence in places like Pakistan or Afghanistan , " Obama told ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " "  This could increase the recruitment of individuals who 'd be willing to blow themselves up in American cities or European cities . " Obama said he hoped the pastor , Terry Jones , understands that the planned burning is a "  destructive act " that may have a dangerous fallout . "  I just want him to understand that this stunt that he is talking about pulling could greatly endanger our young men and women in uniform who are in Iraq , who are in Afghanistan . We 're already seeing protests against Americans just by the mere threat of it , " Obama said . His comments came amid increasing international condemnation of the planned event on September 11 with the Presidents of Indonesia and Pakistan voicing their disapproval . Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono wrote a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to stop a Florida church that said it will burn copies of the Quran . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari expressed grave concern over the threats to burn copies of the Quran . Terry Jones , the head of a small church in Gainesville , Florida , says he will go ahead with plans to burn Qurans on Saturday , to mark the anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 attacks . In his letter to Obama , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono urged him "  to ensure that this hideous act is not carried out , " said Teuku Faizasyah , a presidential spokesman . "  It 's a very dangerous situation and we are very concerned , " Faizasyah said . Indonesia , which has a population of 230 million and is the world 's most populous Muslim state , is worried that burning the Muslim holy book would incite hardline Muslims in Indonesia and around the world , Faizasyah said . Similar concerns are being echoed in Pakistan where there has been growing anger at the planned burning . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari said anyone who thought of such a despicable act must be suffering from a diseased mind and a sickly soul , said spokesman Farhatullah Babar . Zardari said it will inflame sentiments among Muslims throughout the world and cause irreparable damage to interfaith harmony and world peace . Also on Thursday Pakistan 's Interior Minister Rehman Malik called on Interpol , the international police organization , to stop the church from carrying out its plan to burn the Quran . Meanwhile hardline Indonesian Muslims are threatening retaliation . The Islamic Defenders Front , told CNN it will protest the planned burning and will issue a death sentence on Terry Jones , if he carries out his plan . There is also increasing opposition to the planned event in the U.S. amid increased warnings that doing so could endanger U.S. troops and Americans worldwide . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned the planned burning . Speaking Tuesday at an iftar meal in Washington to celebrate the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , Clinton said : "  I am heartened by the clear , unequivocal condemnation of this disrespectful , disgraceful act that has come from American religious leaders of all faiths ... as well as secular U.S. leaders and opinion makers . " Earlier this week , the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan , Gen. David Petraeus , warned that the plan "  could cause significant problems " for American troops overseas . In response Jones said : "  We are burning the book , we are not killing someone . We are not murdering people . " CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Obama says there could be serious violence in Pakistan or Afghanistan Obama : It could increase the recruitment of suicide bombers in America or Europe The pastor 's plans are ` completely contrary ' to American values , Obama says
"  Game of Thrones " has been setting ratings records for HBO this season , so it 's probably no surprise that the fantasy hit is once again settings records for illegal downloading too . According to piracy-monitoring blog TorrentFreak , the season 4 Thrones finale "  The Children " had roughly 1.5 million downloads within just the first 12 hours after the finale aired on the premium cable network , with more than 250,000 users sharing the same file  a record-breaking "  swarm " of users  . The site estimates that total number of downloads will exceed 7.5 million in the days to come . EW : ` Game of Thrones ' full coverage On HBO , the episode delivered 9.3 million viewers its first night , and is expected to eventually surpass the show 's current season average across all platforms  including the network 's streaming player  of 18.6 million viewers . Earlier this season , "  Thrones " topped "  The Sopranos " to officially rank as the network 's most-watched series of all time , while also ranking as the show 's most illegally downloaded season as well . HBO tends to view piracy from a somewhat grudgingly pragmatic standpoint . The premium network officially condemns theft , yet also recognizes that "  Thrones " is an enormous hit , that content leakage is tough to prevent and that the show 's popularity among pirates is inevitable  countries such as Australia , where viewers do n't receive new episodes via pay cable in a timely manner , tend to be among the biggest piracy territories  . HBO 's programming president Michael Lombardo last year told EW that the downloading was a "  compliment of sorts , " noting , "  the demand is there . And it certainly did n't negatively impact the DVD sales . -LSB- Piracy is -RSB- something that comes along with having a wildly successful show on a subscription network . " EW : ` Game of Thrones ' showrunners talk season 5 This year , HBO added this statement : "  There are numerous anti-theft tools we utilize and we have significantly shrunk the international distribution window for original programming to practically correspond with the US premiere . Unfortunately , with popularity comes piracy . Good news is "  Game of Thrones " continues to grow significantly and tens of millions are watching the series legally around the world . " Jeff Bewkes , CEO of HBO 's parent company Time Warner , once claimed that piracy resulted in more HBO subscriptions . "  Game of Thrones is the most pirated show in the world . That 's better than an Emmy . " See the original story at EW.com .	Site says there were roughly 1.5 million downloads early on "  Thrones " is now HBO 's most watched series HBO tends to view piracy from a pragmatic standpoint
Time.com  -- With Tuesday 's unveiling of the iPad Mini and a fourth-generation full-sized iPad , this has been a major week for the iPad . On Friday , Windows 8 went on sale -- making it an even bigger week for Windows PCs . But this newsiest of tech news weeks also turns out to be a reasonably significant one for the Mac . Much of Apple 's Tuesday event was devoted to new models , including a substantial overhaul of the 13 ″ MacBook Pro with a Retina display , two absurdly thin new iMacs and an updated Mac Mini . The profusion of new models was good news for Mac fans who have been known to fret that the Mac is being neglected as the iPhone and iPad become ever more important to Apple 's bottom line and future . As usual , Apple teed off its announcements with happy recent stats . I was aware that the Mac has outpaced the rest of the PC industry in sales growth for years , but I did n't know that the MacBook is the best-selling notebook line in the U.S. , and the iMac is the best-selling desktop . Those achievements are more evidence that Apple 's Mac strategy -- build premium machines , sell them profitably and do n't obsess over market share -- does n't mean that it ca n't end up with impressive market share anyhow . After the Tuesday presentation , I sat down with Apple Senior VP of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller , who did the presenting of new models on Tuesday , and chatted with him about today 's Macs , and how they got that way . I began by asking him about the streamlining of Mac hardware that 's been going on for years now . Apple has put its computers into unibody cases , sealed in the batteries , removed the optical drives , dumped hard disks when possible and either shrunk or eliminated many once-standard connectors . Rather than adding new features with abandon , as tech companies usually do , it 's whittled the Mac down to its elegant essence . Many of these changes have been controversial , at least briefly , at least among some observers . But they do n't seem to have hurt Mac sales . What was the overarching strategy , I asked ? "  This is what Apple has always been about , and the Mac has been about , from the first Mac and first iMac , " Schiller said . "  It 's always been about making the best Mac we know how . Among the many benefits are making it easy to use and affordable , with great features . This high level of integration is part of delivering on that . " Schiller pointed out some of the downsides of the technologies it 's removed or downplayed : rotating hard disks , for instance , use more power and are more likely to have reliability issues than solid-state storage . "  These old technologies are holding us back , " he said . "  They 're anchors on where we want to go . " "  We find the things that have outlived their useful purpose . Our competitors are afraid to remove them . We try to find better solutions -- our customers have given us a lot of trust . " Apple began removing DVD burners from portable computers , where weight and thinness are paramount -- at least to Apple -- years ago . But the new iMacs are the first ones without optical drives . I asked Schiller if that was a more difficult decision . "  It actually comes from similar thinking as with the portables , " Schiller said . "  In general , it 's a good idea to remove these rotating medias from our computers and other devices . They have inherent issues -- they 're mechanical and sometimes break , they use power and are large . We can create products that are smaller , lighter and consume less power . " Schiller pointed out that one major application for optical drives , software distribution , has gone largely digital . As for video , he said that "  Blu-ray has come with issues unrelated to the actual quality of the movie that make -LSB- it -RSB- a complex and not-great technology ... So for a whole plethora of reasons , it makes a lot of sense to get rid of optical discs in desktops and notebooks . " His preferred Blu-ray alternative ? iTunes , of course , which lets you buy a movie and then watch it on all your Apple devices . Once upon a time , people assumed that Macs ' lack of Blu-ray was a delay , not a permanent decision to fast-forward past it . I told Schiller that I imagined folks do n't ask about it much these days . "  Correct , " he said . I noted that for years , pundits thought Apple would , or at least should , start making much cheaper Macs . I said that drumbeat seems to have come and gone , and asked Schiller if everyone finally understood that Apple was content with its strategy of sticking with the high end of the market . "  Our approach at Apple has always been to make products we 're proud to own and use ourselves , " he told me . " ... We would n't make something cheap or low quality . When the economy is difficult , people care a great deal about the things they spend their money on . Customers have come to understand that Apple 's products are n't priced high -- they 're priced on the value of what we build into them . " "  There 's something that happened in the industry ... that made that topic meaningless . There were these products being created called netbooks . People said they were the future . We rejected them because we thought they were poor . Even if the market was going there , we were n't going to chase everybody downhill . " Netbooks eventually turned out to be a fad . And of course , Apple was working on a lower-cost computing device . "  The iPad became our answer to the $ 500 computer . Time has proved us right on that point . And now 100 million people agree that the iPad is a great computer . " Oh yeah : I would n't be an inquiring reporter if I had n't asked Schiller for his take on Windows 8 and Microsoft 's strategy of building one operating system for both conventional PCs and tablets . He politely declined comment : "  Primarily , we think about what we 're doing , not what others do . " At least I tried . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Apple 's Phil Schiller talks about new enhancements to the Mac computer line Rather than adding new features , Apple has whittled the Mac down to its essence Schiller : "  Old technologies are holding us back . They 're anchors on where we want to go "
CNN  -- Big , big sigh of relief among Russia 's super-rich , as the West announces "  smart sanctions " against a group of Kremlin officials and members of Russian parliament in response to the referendum that took place in Crimea and produced a result resembling the elections in the old Soviet Union : 96.7 % of the people who took part in it voted for the peninsula to become part of Russia . The joke on the streets of Moscow is that the politicians took the bullet for the oligarchs , not for the first time and not the last . But jokes aside , the fate of Crimea is sealed . It will become part of Russia in about three months ' time and , as things stand now , President Vladimir Putin has already signed an executive order recognizing the peninsula as an independent state , confirming his determination to stick to his guns in his address to the Federal Assembly . The Russian leader has gone way too far in his attempt to prevent Crimea -- with two thirds of its population made up of ethnic Russians -- from sliding into mayhem to pull back now , sanctions or no sanctions . It would have been political suicide for him to remain idle in the face of what had happened in Kiev last month . Most Western leaders obviously understood that , even though their rhetoric did not show it . In fact , most if not all Western leaders are probably thanking their lucky stars they have to deal with Mr Putin in the Kremlin and not some die-hard nationalist who would be dreaming of a revival of the former Soviet empire , flexing military muscles with frightening regularity . No-one wants Cold War So , the so-called "  smart sanctions , " which have been announced by Washington and Brussels in response to events in Crimea were an anti-climax and a confirmation of a total lack of any desire on the part of the West to take the fight with Russia any further . Sure , a bit of posturing and tough talking never hurt the opinion polls at home , but there are more important things than dragging out the dust covered Cold War from the cupboard and losing out on business deals , while having all that lovely Russian money flowing to the West dry up . The Cold War is very 1960s , you know , and no one really wants it to come back . The debate about the legality of the referendum in Crimea will ramble on for a while but it is very difficult to imagine how the result can now be reversed . From the Russian side of the fence , in case you 're wondering , the plebiscite in Crimea was a logical response to the overthrow of the democratically elected regime of President Viktor Yanukovych in Kiev -- albeit with its incompetence and corruption -- and the country finding itself with a bunch of opportunists in charge and some pretty rough characters from the far-right acting as their enforcers , saying nasty things about Russia from the word go . No wonder then that Moscow shrugged all accusations that the Crimean referendum was illegal coming from Kiev and the West , saying : "  Look who 's talking ! " At the moment , all the Kremlin officials and members of parliament mentioned in the lists provided by Washington and Brussels are putting on a brave face and saying that they see it as a privilege and an honor to be in them , pointing out that they do n't keep any money or own any assets abroad . Not in their own names they do n't , because about a year ago a law had been passed in Russia that no governments officials and members of parliament were allowed to have foreign accounts and own properties abroad . So a transformation of ownership had taken place and it would be pretty hard to figure out who owns what and where . And in case anyone is wondering how then politicians and the servants of the people generally keep their wealth hidden , be it in Russia or in the West , it 's all about trusted people , "  fixers , " handling it for them . Yes , yes , do n't look surprised , democracy , both regulated and without boundaries , has its own well-tested system . Otherwise why would people go into politics at all ? Getting personal Privately some Russian officials are saying that all these lists represent a break with the old tradition of not getting personal during a row . "  No one called for smart sanctions against specific yanks and Brits when they pulled off that invasion of Iraq , " one angry official in Moscow complained to me . "  And no one was naming names when the war in Libya went all wrong . " Yes , getting personal in politics was always a taboo and this this round boundaries were crossed . So what now ? Well , the noises will continue for a while , getting louder when Crimea joins Russia proper . Mind you , the situation may get more complicated if parts of eastern Ukraine start pushing hard for their on referendums on their future with Russia , like the one in Crimea . That is why it 's now a good time for both the West and Russia to start finding the way out of this crisis . For everyone 's sake . Read more : Putin vs. Obama face off over Crimea facts The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander Nekrassov .	On Sunday , 96.7 % of voters in Crimea 's referendum chose to leave Ukraine and join Russia The EU and U.S. subsequently imposed sanctions on some Russian , Ukrainian officials Alexander Nekrassov says Putin has gone too far to pull back -- regardless of sanctions He says it 's time for Russia and the West to start finding ways to deescalate the crisis
EW  -- Sheldon Cooper , Leonard Hofstadter and Raj Koothrappali may not be doctors of the medical sort , but they still know how to serve up a heaping dose of the best medicine  a.k.a. laughs -- lots of them  to a sold-out audience . At least , that 's what their real-life counterparts -- along with other cast members and writer/producers of "  The Big Bang Theory " -- did Wednesday evening for the CBS comedy 's PaleyFest panel in Beverly Hills ' Saban Theatre . PaleyFest 2013 : ` New Girl ' cast on alter-egos and the future of Nick and Jess The event , presented by the Paley Center for Media , was pretty short on spoilers . The production schedule is currently not that far ahead of viewers , who will get to see the 19th episode of season six tonight , but there were plenty of entertaining and funny behind-the-scenes stories and playful moments among the talent on the panel , which was moderated by "  NCIS " actress Pauley Perrette . Read on for 10 highlights from the "  Big Bang Theory " panel : 1 . The scene when Penny first tells Leonard "  I love you " was shot in only one take Kaley Cuoco  Penny  , whose face brightened with a big grin when asked about this scene , revealed that she and Johnny Galecki  Leonard  pulled it off in just one "  very special take . " Executive producer Steven Molaro recalled telling the two actors , " ` That was beautiful . It 's never gon na be better than that , ' and then Kaley said to Johnny , ' I do n't know about you , but we started the scene , and it was like the audience went away and the cameras went away and it was just us . ' " That got a big "  awww " out of the PaleyFest crowd . 2 . Everybody loves Lucy The cast and writers seem to be having a fun time with Kate Micucci aboard the show playing Raj 's  sort of  girlfriend , Lucy . "  It 's really fun playing opposite an actress that is talented and really listens and reacts , " Kunal Nayyar  Raj  told EW in the press tent before the panel . Inside the Saban Theatre , he told the crowd that he has enjoyed this storyline "  because you play a character for six years , and in my case , you grow affection for that character . You really want to see that character succeed . It 's really lovely to see him explore that side , which I think has been missed for so long while he 's been seeing the growth of his friends . " Co-creator Chuck Lorre told EW that Raj and Lucy 's recent texting date wo n't be the last time we see them come up with a creative way to communicate , but Raj will also "  continue to rely on demon rum to help him overcome his shyness . " He 's not going to let that pesky selective mutism get in his way ! Jim Parsons to executive produce TV series about real-life geniuses 3 . That spanking scene Sheldon went old-school with his punishment for Amy when she lied about being sick . Though "  punishment " is n't exactly how the delighted Amy thought of the near-BDSM experience . Jim Parsons  Sheldon  revealed that while the spanking was always in the script for that December 2012 episode , it was originally planned to be off-camera . The original gag had Amy 's spanking , along with two other points of the episode , paired with the image of Amy 's monkey mimicking the image of "  see no evil , " "  hear no evil " and then "  speak no evil . " Ultimately , once the writers decided to put the spanking on-camera , Parsons found the scene "  one of the hardest things I 've had to do -- because it was so amusing . " After Cuoco and Galecki recalled the shot needing several takes , Mayim Bialik  Amy  confessed , "  There was some redness ! " 4 . How did last fall 's flash mob come together ? When the cast and crew surprised their studio audience -- and their producers -- with a flash mob dance last October , it was the result of two weeks of rehearsals . The idea was Cuoco 's , who recruited her sister to do the choreography . As for that back-spin of Galecki 's , the actor had originally expressed no interest in participating , but "  I saw their last rehearsal , and after rolling my eyes for two weeks , I said , ' I really want to be a part of this , ' " Galecki recalled . He did n't have time to learn the whole dance , but he contributed his move that he "  usually save -LSB- s -RSB- for weddings . " 5 . We may see Sheldon 's Meemaw in a future episode When an audience member questioned the producers about Sheldon 's oft-talked-about but yet-to-be-seen grandmother , Molaro said , "  We 've talked about -LSB- having her appear on the show -RSB- . I certainly do n't rule it out . I do n't know how she 'd feel about Amy . " When that last comment was met with nervous laughter and hmms from the audience , Molaro quickly followed up : "  She loves Amy ! She will love Amy ! " ` Arrow , ' ` Big Bang Theory , ' ` Supernatural , ' ` NCIS : LA ' : Find out what 's next in the Spoiler Room 6 . How does one call up George Takei to ask him to do that scene ? When the writers created the scene in which Howard has a dream about "  Battlestar Galactica " hottie Katee Sackhoff that is soon interrupted by George Takei , the task of calling up the celebrated "  Star Trek " actor about the guest spot fell to co-creator Bill Prady . "  We wrote a line of Howard saying , ` I 'm so confused ' and thought it 'd be really funny if George Takei said , ` Confused ? Perhaps I can help . ' " Prady said . "  How do I say to this guy that he 's a possible homosexual fantasy ? ... Finally I said , ` Alright , so you know you 're gay , right ? ' and he said , " -- cue George Takei accent -- " ` That 's news . I 'll tell my husband . ' " 7 . Tonight 's episode is a touching and emotional one Tonight 's episode , titled "  The Closet Reconfiguration , " centers around a discovery Sheldon makes when reorganizing Bernadette and Howard 's closet : He unwittingly opens a letter from Howard 's father  who abandoned Howard and Mrs. Wolowitz when he was a kid  that our favorite diminutive engineer has never braved reading since he received it at age 18 . It 's an emotion-filled episode , the cast said , that features each character supporting Howard through the tough situation in their own way . "  You get to see how good -LSB- Howard 's -RSB- friends really are and how kind of fallible they are and yet unflappable . They do n't change . But everybody is coming from a sweet , good place , " Simon Helberg  Howard  told EW . "  They 're all put in a position to figure out how to best support their friend , " Galecki told EW . "  It 's a sensitive issue , and I think the conclusion that they come to is really smart and unique and has never been done on television before . It 's one of my favorite episodes , I swear to God . I 'm not just saying that ... It really is . " ` The Big Bang Theory ' : Dr. Sheldon Cooper inspires new bee name 8 . How will the season six finale compare to last season 's big closer ? "  That was pretty big , " Lorre said to EW of the season five finale . "  A wedding and a Russian rocket into space is pretty big . I think we can safely say this -LSB- year 's finale -RSB- will be smaller , more intimate . " 9 . The tale of Melissa Rauch 's "  Smurfette " The biggest applause of the night was saved for the hilarious Melissa Rauch  Bernadette  . The audience raved when she impersonated Howard 's mother 's voice , and when she told a story about getting her makeup removed following the day of shooting this season 's Halloween episode . Getting off all that blue Smurf makeup required some hot towels and the work of Rauch 's regular makeup artist and two assistants , both of whom were men . "  It was getting late , and I 'm starting to fall asleep , " Rauch recalled , "  and I lifted my legs up to get the rest of the makeup off and heard the guy laugh and thought , ` Oh , they 're just telling jokes . ' But then I looked in the mirror and thought , ` What 's that ?! Dear Lord Jesus , that 's my business ! ' I had totally exposed myself ! I put my legs down and just said to them , ` Long night ! ' That is the tale of my Smurfette ! " 10 . Where did ` bazinga ' come from ? Sheldon 's catchphrase now beloved by fans and nerdy T-shirt companies everywhere got its start as now-showrunner Steven Molaro 's catchphrase . Prady told the audience that during the show 's second season , Molaro would use the word to mean "  gotcha " when he pulled a trick on a fellow writer . A "  bazinga " was in order , for example , when Molaro gave Prady a grapefruit that turned out to be hollowed out then carefully taped back together . And that 's how the catchphrase of smug , trickster Sheldon was born . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Big Bang Theory 's " cast and crew held a PaleyFest panel Wednesday It was pretty short on spoilers There were plenty of entertaining and funny behind-the-scenes stories The 19th episode of season six airs tonight
CNN  Tottenham 's English goalscoring sensation Harry Kane carried on his superb form this season by scoring twice to beat Arsenal 2-1 in the north London derby . Kane , who was playing in his first derby match for his boyhood club , scored his 21st and 22nd goals of an incredible breakout season after Tottenham fell behind controversially in the first half . Coach Arsene Wenger had raised the possibility that key striker Alexis Sanchez might recover from a hamstring injury in time . Sanchez did n't make it but former Real Madrid star Mesut Ozil , himself only recently returned from injury , skillfully fired home after Olivier Giroud had fired the ball across the penalty box . Replays showed that Ozil was marginally offside . The setback did n't trouble Tottenham for long , who dominated for long periods as Arsenal conceded possession and played counter attacking football . Kane leveled the match after Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina could only manage to parry a high ball in to the striker 's path . His second , however , was unstoppable . Kane rose highest in the penalty box to cleverly steer the ball back across goal and into the top left hand corner . "  I 'm enjoying it . I just want to be out on the pitch playing with my mates , " said an emotional Kane , who had tears in eyes following a standing ovation as he left the pitch . "  I do n't think I can put into words , " he added . "  It 's my first London derby . It 's incredible . " The victory saw Mauricio Pochettino 's team leapfrog Arsenal in to fourth place . Wenger , meanwhile , was unhappy with his team 's performance but also had words of praise for Kane , who is the leading English goalscorer in the Premier League . "  If you do n't give him a game quickly , somebody else will give him a passport , " he said of calls for Kane to be called up to the England national team squad . Wenger on the ` Kane for England ' bandwagon : "  Ifyou do n't give him a game quickly , somebody else will give him a passport ! " Elsewhere on Saturday afternoon , champions Manchester City fell further behind Chelsea in the Premier League title race after being held 1-1 by relegation threatened Hull City . Hull took a shock lead at the Etihad Stadium , where Manchester City had been impenetrable until recently , when David Meyler fired home . The goal looked like it would secure Hull City a vital three points , until England international James Milner scored a late , late equalizer deep into injury time . Whilst Manchester City will no doubt be happy to have at least salvaged a point , they will be less happy to have seen Chelsea pull seven points clear at the top of the table . Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho had never been in charge of a winning side away from home against Aston Villa . But an early Eden Hazard goal looked to have set Chelsea up for an easy victory . Aston Villa had only scored eleven times this season in the league yet managed to pull level through Jores Okore before Branislav Ivanovic restored Chelsea 's advantage , as well as tightening Mourniho 's grip on another Premier League title . In Saturday 's late game Liverpool drew 0-0 with Everton in the Merseyside derby .	Tottenham beat Arsenal in the north London derby 2-1 Ozil gave Arsenal a first half lead Harry Kane scored twice to secure
CNN  -- Years of aiming missiles at people on the other side of the world left Brandon Bryant a broken man . In an interview with the magazine GQ , Bryant recounts some of the grisly scenes he watched unfold on his monitor as an Air Force drone operator . In grimly vivid detail , he talks about the first time he killed somebody , in early 2007 . He was sitting in a control station on an Air Force base in Nevada . His three victims were walking on a dirt road in Afghanistan . After the Hellfire missile fired from the drone struck the three men , Bryant watched the aftermath on his infrared display . "  The smoke clears , and there 's pieces of the two guys around the crater . And there 's this guy over here , and he 's missing his right leg above his knee , " he says in the article in the November issue of GQ . "  He 's holding it , and he 's rolling around , and the blood is squirting out of his leg , and it 's hitting the ground , and it 's hot . His blood is hot , " Bryant says . "  But when it hits the ground , it starts to cool off ; the pool cools fast . It took him a long time to die . I just watched him . I watched him become the same color as the ground he was lying on . " Drone program in spotlight Bryant , 27 , has talked about his experiences before -- to the German magazine Der Spiegel and to the U.S. broadcaster NBC . But the publication of his interview with GQ comes amid renewed questions about the human cost and the legality of the U.S. drone program . U.S. officials say the program is a vital tool in the fight against militant groups such as al Qaeda . But two international human rights groups raised serious concerns Tuesday about the consequences of drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen , suggesting some attacks in recent years might amount to war crimes . Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch released reports giving detailed accounts of a number of attacks they say the United States carried out in each of the two countries , resulting in the deaths of scores of civilians . The reports drew from extensive field research -- including interviews with witnesses and relatives of victims -- and called for a series of measures to bring the program in line with international law . Leaders to meet The White House on Tuesday disputed the reports ' assertions that drone strikes had broken the law . But the situation was made all the more awkward by the presence in Washington of Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , who held talks with U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday . After the meeting , Sharif said he had raised the issue of drones with Obama , "  emphasizing the need for an end to such strikes . " In remarks a day earlier at the U.S. Institute of Peace in Washington , Sharif outlined some of the Pakistani government 's objections to the drone program . "  Recently our political parties in a national conference declared the use of drones is not only a continued violation of our territorial integrity but also detrimental to our resolve at efforts in eliminating terrorism from our country , " he said . ` Zombie mode ' Bryant 's interview gives a different perspective on the drone program . The GQ article provides a detailed study of his time as a drone operative , his decision in 2011 to quit and the post-traumatic stress disorder that followed . Bryant says that during his time monitoring drones ' cameras and aiming its laser targeting system , he became numb and carried out the job in "  zombie mode . " When he left the Air Force in the spring of 2011 -- after nearly six years -- he says he turned down a $ 109,000 bonus to continue operating the drones . He was given a document totaling the number of people killed in missions in which he 'd participated in some form during close to 6,000 hours of flight time . The overall number of 1,626 , he says , "  made me sick to my stomach . " A ` critical ' role Looking back , he tells GQ , he would feel "  horrible " living under a sky in which drones hover , watching and sometimes killing . But he says that when he started the job , he believed that the remotely piloted aircraft could help save lives . The U.S. Defense Department has repeatedly argued that they prevent the deaths of American soldiers and protect the nation from terrorism . Bryant talks of efforts by drone crews to help U.S. troops avoid harm and of atrocities he saw committed by militants . He says he watched on his screen as an insurgent commander pulled two girls out of the trunk of his vehicle in a crowded marketplace in Iraq . "  They were bound and gagged , " Bryant tells the magazine . "  He put them down on their knees , executed them in the middle of the street , and left them there . People just watched it and did n't do anything . " A fleeting figure Regarding fears of civilian casualties , he describes an occasion in 2007 when he saw a figure running toward a building in Afghanistan seconds before the impact of a missile he had aimed at it . The small shape looked to him like that of a child . He says he and a colleague asked an intelligence observer on the mission about it . The response ? "  Per the review , it 's a dog . " Bryant says he was sure it was n't a dog . In the end , he says , the report of the strike mentioned neither a dog nor a child . His life after leaving the program was plagued by drinking and depression . Like many other drone operators , he was diagnosed with PTSD . He said he decided to speak out about his experience -- a decision that has earned him a great deal of vitriol from some of his former colleagues -- to show that drone crews ' involvement in war is "  more than just a video game . "	NEW : The Pakistani Prime Minister says he raised the issue of drones in talks with Obama In a magazine interview , a former drone operator describes the grisly scenes he witnessed His job was to aim the targeting laser for drones from a control station in the U.S. After leaving the Air Force , he says he suffered from post traumatic stress disorder
It was hard to miss the bright yellow Student Driver bumper sticker on the back of the car driven by Tosha Mulligan . Tosha Mullgian , 19 , has attention deficit disorder . She says her mind wanders when she drives . Getting a driver 's license is a rite of passage for many teenagers , but the process was a bit more challenging for 19-year-old Mulligan of Acworth , Georgia . She has attention deficit disorder . When she gets behind the wheel , she said , "  Sometimes my mind wanders off . " She 's not alone . Researchers reported driving can be a serious problem for teens with ADD and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . Motor vehicle accidents already are the leading cause of death among teenagers in the U.S. , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Experts such as Russell Barkley say ADD and ADHD compound the problem . Barkley , a psychiatry professor at the Medical University of South Carolina , is a widely recognized expert on ADD and driving . He has investigated the topic for 15 years and conducted a half-dozen studies , some of which have been published in peer-reviewed journals . Teen drivers with ADD or ADHD "  are impulsive , highly distractible and clumsy , ca n't pay attention to the roadway and they get bored easily , " he said . Health Minute : More on teens driving with ADD/ADHD " Mulligan 's driving instructor , Jerry Thielemann of Freedom and Mobility Driver Training and Evaluation in Marietta , Georgia , experienced that firsthand . He works with teenagers with ADD three to four times a week . "  A person with ADD pays attention to someone walking down the street rather than a car coming toward them , " Mulligan said . "  They do n't know what to focus on . " Barkley sees speeding as a key problem . "  In general , people with ADHD speed four times more often than those without ADHD , " he said . His research shows that those with ADD or ADHD are two to three times more likely to have an auto accident , three times more likely in the first five to eight years of driving to have their licenses revoked and five times more likely to get a parking ticket . In all three instances , Barkley pointed to the impatient and impulsive nature that is common among people with ADD or ADHD . Chris Zeigler Dendy , author of "  Teenagers with ADD and ADHD , " raised a son and a stepson with the condition . "  We were worried sick about our kids when they started driving because both had ADHD , " Dendy recalled . "  They both started getting speeding tickets and having car wrecks . One of them even had his license suspended . " That was nearly 20 years ago . Today , Dendy said , she understands what was behind their troubles . "  I think the good news is that parents today are so much better informed than we were , plus laws have tightened up so you get one ticket or step out of line and your license is gone , " she said . Dendy credited proper medication with helping get her sons back on track . "  Research tells us that with medication they are more likely to pay attention to road signs and less likely to have road rage , " Dendy explained . She worried about parents who may not be as vigilant when it comes to monitoring their teen 's driving behavior , especially during high-risk times . "  One is after school from 3 to 6 and the other is on weekend evenings , " she said . She mentioned those are often the hours when medication starts to wear off or when teens may be more likely to skip a dosage . Barkley acknowledged the parents who decline to medicate their children who have ADD or ADHD , but he believes "  Medication is more effective than any other treatment . " Barkley also cautioned that people with ADD are more sensitive to the effects of alcohol and are unable to drive safely after drinking . He told teens to put away their cell phones , MP3 players and other items that might distract them while driving . Barkley suggested parents closely monitor their teenagers and provide sign-in and sign-out sheets in the garage to track their whereabouts . Dendy eventually drew up a contract with her children , spelling out specific rules and expectations for driving the family car . Dendy and Barkley both recommended that teenagers with ADD or ADHD stay in a learner 's permit program longer , at least a year , and put off getting their license until they have more experience behind the wheel . That 's what Tosha Mulligan did . She finished her last driving lesson the day before she left for her freshman year in college . She passed her driver 's test on the first try and got her license . She said waiting to get her license made a big difference . She said "  It kept me focused . " She reported no wrecks , no tickets and no problems so far .	ADD and ADHD compound the problem of teen car accident deaths , experts say Drivers with ADHD have a greater tendency to speed People with ADD are more sensitive to the effects of alcohol ADD or ADHD teens should stay in a learner 's permit program longer , experts say
CNN  -- My every-other-month dinner-and-discussion group met the other night . After a plentiful potluck meal , we got down to the topic designated for the evening : "  If you could solve any issue or problem in your lifetime , what would it be ? " Less than two weeks after the election , most of the issues raised were political , ranging from redistricting reform to civility in the political process . When it was my turn , I offered up a different fare : ending childhood hunger in the United States .  In truth , I 'd like to see peace in the Middle East , but thought I 'd be reasonable . The government estimates that as many as 17 million children face "  food insecurity "  aka hunger  . "  Poverty does devastating things to children , " said Andy Mullins Jr. , co-director of the Mississippi Teacher Corps and associate professor of leadership and counselor education at the University of Mississippi . Teachers will tell you that children who come to school hungry have more difficulty learning . And if education is key to breaking out of poverty , these children are at a disadvantage . Around Thanksgiving -- amid advertising images of tables laden with food -- you can expect the news media to focus attention on those for whom feeding themselves or their families is difficult . In this economy -- one showing the barest hints of a recovery -- more and more people find themselves in this situation . Consider these examples from around the country : The Community Food Pantry in Merrill , Wisconsin , has distributed 12 percent more food this year than last , according to Denis McCarthy , pantry manager . Mary Louise Verkest , executive assistant for the Hope pantry , said that as the group prepares for the winter it needs residents to come forward with food drives and donations . "  We would not be able to provide the resources and support to the community without the community , " she said . Texas food banks distributed nearly 43 million pounds of food in the second quarter of 2010 , 14 percent more than in the same period last year . Nearly 11 percent more Texans lived in poverty last year than the year before , including more than one of every four under age 18 . "  If these numbers do n't convey a sense of urgency , I do n't know what will , " said J.C. Dwyer , state policy director of the Texas Food Bank Network . In Libertyville , Illinois , there are people who go to the township pantry on Tuesdays and to the pantry at the St. Joseph 's Church Formation Center on Mondays and Thursdays . "  It 's very practical , because whatever food we give them wo n't last more than a few days , " said Jim King at First Presbyterian Church , which operates a monthly pantry . "  I think people are stretched , " social worker Linda Blatnik said . "  Their unemployment is running out . More seniors are n't getting an increase in their Social Security . " In Gila County , Arizona , "  Just about everyone is out of money and out of food , " said Su Hubenthal , with the Payson St. Vincent de Paul Food Bank . Local food banks eked through last winter and an increase in poverty and families losing their health insurance has compounded the problems . Last year , demand at the food bank jumped by about 50 percent and it has n't declined since , said Hubenthal . "  It just has n't gone down . " One in six people in the Tampa Bay area of Florida received some form of emergency food assistance in 2009 , up 27 percent from 2006 . The 627 area nonprofits that provide food aid are feeling a strain . "  It 's been a real eye opener into how quickly we 're losing ground , " said Pat Rogers , director of Feeding America Tampa Bay , a food bank serving pantries and social service agencies . In a survey conducted for the Hormel Foods Corp. by Opinion Research Corp.  which also is CNN 's polling partner  more than one-quarter of those responding said that in the past year they or someone they know had to choose between providing food for their family or paying their bills . One in 10 said they personally went to bed hungry at least once in the past year . "  It is disheartening to see most Americans feel the hunger problem in the U.S. will not be solved in the next 20 years , " Jean Kinsey , a professor emeritus of applied economics at the University of Minnesota and director emeritus of The Food Industry Center , said in a release accompanying the study . That 's not an encouraging outlook . What can you do ? Volunteer at a local food bank or pantry . Personal involvement will help you understand the magnitude of the problem and you 'll feel like you 're doing your part to help . Donate money or food items . Individual contributions are as important as those from big charities and grocery chains . And as you enjoy your Thanksgiving meal , remember that not everyone will sit down to a table laden with food and give thanks for their good fortune . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Schechter .	The government estimates 17 million U.S. children face hunger Community food pantries need more donations to meet winter needs Food relief programs are distributing more food this year than last year Most Americans do n't think the hunger problem will be solved in 20 years
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama weighed in on the Scottish independence referendum Wednesday night when he tweeted in favor of a united UK . But for the most part , faced with the prospective divorce of its closest friend , the United States is following the advice column carefully : do n't take sides , keep your opinions to yourself , and avoid getting dragged into the fray . The complicating factor in this potential split ? One side has a nuclear arsenal . Who gets custody of that ? Thursday 's independence referendum in Scotland , and with it the possible split of the 300-year-old United Kingdom , could have consequences big and small , including in the United States . The "  special relationship " heralded by presidents and prime ministers for decades would be fundamentally altered , though American officials refuse to speculate in which ways . As British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Tuesday , a "  yes " result on independence would amount to a "  painful divorce " between Scotland and the rest of Great Britain , not a "  trial separation . " That prospect has elicited only a few sentences of official U.S. reaction . President Barack Obama said in June the U.K. had been an "  extraordinary partner " to the United States and had done well for itself as a combined entity . "  We obviously have a deep interest in making sure that one of the closest allies that we will ever have remains strong , robust , united , and an effective partner , " Obama said then . "  But ultimately these are decisions that are to be made by the folks there . " Opinion : Scotland , you want out ? We 'll take your place Those few words -- with the emphasis on "  united " -- have been repeated by officials in Washington as the formal U.S. stance without any further explanation . But there 's little doubt the U.S. government , from Obama on down , wants to see Scotland remain where it is . "  It would just be rude to comment on the internal deliberations of a democratic country , " explained Jeremy Shapiro , a former State Department official who is now a fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington . "  Of course the United States has an opinion . I think they recognize , however , that stating that opinion is not always even very helpful to promoting it . " Rules of diplomacy aside , U.S. officials are eyeing the referendum vote carefully two days before Scots head to the polls . Here are a few ways the United States could be affected by a "  yes " vote . Photo blog : Scottish teens face historic vote National security It 's only been two weeks since Obama and Cameron hailed a reinvigorated NATO alliance from a golf course in Wales . Should Scotland vote to go it alone , expect fresh questions about NATO 's ability to counter Russia in Eastern Europe . All of Britain 's nuclear weapons -- its only contribution to a Western nuclear deterrent -- are housed at the Royal Navy 's base on Scotland 's West Coast . A "  yes " vote would throw into question the future of the Trident nuclear program , which consists of four Vanguard-class submarines armed with ballistic missiles on lease from the United States The main pro-independence party says it opposes nuclear weapons , vowing to remove and ban them in a future Scottish state . Where the weapons would go remains an open question . Opinion : Why UK would miss Scotland Also in dispute : an independent Scotland 's ability -- and willingness -- to contribute to Western military coalitions , which have become ever-more visible as the U.S. rallies support behind its efforts against Russia and ISIS terrorists in Iraq and Syria . NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said this week that Scotland would have to reapply to join the group like any other country and gain approval from each of the 28 member states -- a tough-to-imagine prospect in a period when the appetite for expansion within NATO remains low . UK party leaders promise Scotland new powers ahead of independence vote In rejoining the alliance Scotland would need to commit to spending 2 % of its gross domestic product on defense spending , which given the uncertain economic outcome of an independence vote appears unachievable . "  This is less about the nuclear deterrent than about demonstrating weakness and disunity at a critical point in NATO 's history in the face of a sort of newly resurgent threat from Russia , " Shapiro said . "  The whole idea of one of its key members breaking up ... does n't really appeal to the United States at this critical moment in dealing with Russia . " Economy The uncertainty surrounding the economy of an independent Scotland could wind up costing Americans , who enjoy a close-knit trade relationship with Britain and the larger European Union . A main sticking point in the referendum campaign remains which currency a Scottish state could use -- be it the pound , Euro , or something new . Banks based in Scotland have said they 'll decamp to London if the "  yes " votes prevail , and an already-shaky European financial recovery could be quickly halted . "  If Scotland votes for independence , expect significant turmoil not just in the City , but on Wall Street as well , " Niles Gardiner , a former aide to the late British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , wrote in the Telegraph last week . "  Fears over the economic fallout from Scotland breaking off from the UK will spook US markets , frighten investors , and add to an air of uncertainty exacerbated in recent months by Russia 's invasion of Ukraine . " Would go-alone Scotland be richer outside UK ? Perhaps the greatest fear for the United States is that a successful independence movement in Scotland could spark further movements in the rest of Europe . Potential breakaway regions in Spain and Belgium are already eyeing the Scottish vote carefully . Those regions , like Scotland , would face questions about what currency they 'd use and how their economies would be structured , driving the EU -- a major U.S. trade partner -- into further uncertainty and economic turmoil . What to know about Scotland 's vote on independence	U.S. is n't saying a lot about potential Scottish independence Obama tweeted he 's interested in "  strong , robust , united " Britain An independent Scotland would have consequences for U.S.
CNN  -- My grandchildren and I made history this summer . It was our personal history ; our family history . We made memories we 'll be able to relive and pass on to others . The adventures began when I asked each of my three oldest grandchildren to pick a place he or she wanted to visit and do research on the fun activities the child and I could do there -- just the two of us -- for a week . No amusement parks , no fancy hotels ; my finances were limited because of a recent forced retirement , so we would be camping , as well as finding inexpensive or free things to do . The location had to be east of the Mississippi and require no more than one overnight stop to get there by car from our starting point , their home near Nashville , Tennessee . It turned out only Rosa , 14 , had enough decision-making experience to pick a spot  New Orleans -- only slightly west of Mississippi  , so I talked the possibilities over with the others -- Savannah , 11 , and Camron , 12 -- until we decided on itineraries for their trips . 10 of America 's best historic restaurants Savannah chose to go to Savannah , Georgia , and Hilton Head Island , South Carolina , doing lots of swimming and sightseeing . We included stops at her favorite aunt and uncle 's home in Atlanta along the way . Camron did not feel strongly about a location , so he joined me at home in Williamston , Michigan , and helped me with some cat-sitting duties . Still , our time together included camping on Lake Michigan , climbing a sand dune and discovering or rediscovering lots of near and distant relatives . Rosa was decisive about seeing New Orleans , and her research resulted in a whole list of places to go and things to see , all of them affordable . We covered everything on her list , plus more . I had some concern that traveling with young teens or preteens might be tricky . Would they talk to me ? Would they be bored ? Would we enjoy the same activities ? Their excitement dispelled any misgivings . Each one was happy going just about anywhere and eagerly anticipated their own "  grandma time . " The chance to be special pals for several days overshadowed the importance of the actual destination on both sides , and I never heard one mention of being bored . So consider a trip with your young relatives . Make memories . Here are some strategies that helped make these summer trips historical -- and smooth -- for us : Stock up . Stopping at the grocery store was always among our first orders of business . Each grandchild got to select food he or she especially liked , keeping in mind that we would be cooking on my small electric hotplate . They were all very considerate of my needs as a vegan and tended to choose food we both could eat . We also splurged on simple treats that would withstand the rigors of long car rides and camping . Be curious . The grandchildren controlled the radio , but sometimes we turned it off and just talked to each other . Camron decided to ask me questions : "  What is the most dangerous thing you 've ever done ? " Or , "  Where would you go if you could go anywhere in the world ? " After I answered , often with a story about his father as a child or my adventures living in Jamaica , I would turn the question on him , and he would regale me with his own dreams and adventures . 7-million-mile family shares travel secrets Join in . Memories were made when I actually got in the water , climbed the hill , let the birds land on me and generally participated first-hand in what my grandchildren were enjoying . Watching them play or taking pictures was nice , but something great happened when we were able to splash , race and float together . Stay loose . Simple things were often the most memorable things . A ride on the trolley car , meeting new relatives , preparing a meal together and hearing one another 's personal stories were the things that the kids talked about long after the trip was over . The limits on spending did n't deter them , either . Some of our best times were spent having dessert in an all-night coffee shop , holding a live chicken for the first time , finding an airport with the same name as Savannah , admiring the architecture in the French Quarter , naming rocks discovered on the beach at Lake Michigan and watching Grandma go nuts when the directions did not get us to where we wanted to go . We asked : Your travel planning philosophy Rest . Down time was some of the best time . After a day of being on the go , a trip to the grocery store , a few minutes watching TV together , a swim in the pool or some other quiet activity were often ideal times to relive the fun of the day , plan the next outing or find that one more thing we had in common . Rosa cooking me dinner at the campsite , using shrimp we had bought in the French Quarter , was one of those low-key evenings that proved to be a high point . Do n't overplan . Planning for each trip was essential , but some of the best opportunities to make history together came when we least expected them . Case in point : We ran into my sister at the local library and discovered that her grandson was visiting . Our two grandsons ended up spending the night together camping on my balcony and having their own adventures . Are you a window flier or an aisle seater ? Share decision-making . Each grandchild was at a different level of maturity regarding making choices , but as their week progressed , I saw each one grow in their ability to come up with wonderful ideas , to be considerate of the needs of both of us and to choose among good options . Stay connected to home . It was a surprise to me that at 11 and 12 , Savannah and Camron each had a real adjustment to make being away from home , without parents or siblings to look to . Vannah brought along a framed picture of her parents , which helped her feel more secure . My cell phone served as a lifeline for both children , as well as for Mommy , who was suffering a little separation anxiety herself . Each day the children grew in their independence , and the phone calls got fewer and shorter as our time together stretched on . Keep a record . To continue sharing our stories after the week was over , I purchased inexpensive thumb drives for each grandchild and saved all the pictures from their trip on their own drive . This way , we both would have copies of all the pictures . The day after we returned home , Rosa posted all of her 497 pictures on her Facebook page . Listen . One of the experience 's unexpected blessings came when I was able to stay for a few days with the whole family after each trip . This gave me a chance to hear the stories of our trips from my grandchildren 's perspectives . The extra bonus : I am now the "  fun grandma . " Can you relate ? Or have your travels with teens and preteens gone less smoothly ? Share your experiences and tips for traveling with young relatives in the comments section below .	A grandmother takes three oldest grandchildren on separate summer trips Each child helps plan their one-on-one trip with Grandma Lessons : The best moments come by participating and letting events unfold
Havana , Cuba  CNN  All eyes are going to be on the new kid finally allowed to play and the big kid who for so long wanted nothing to do with him -- Cuba and the United States in the same diplomatic playground . Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the Summit of the Americas . And for the first time since 1962 , the U.S. has not blocked Cuba 's attempt to join . Now it 's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially Venezuela , which often falls out with Washington for crushing dissent at home and supplying Havana with billions of dollars in oil . Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists . But Cuba 's attempts to rebrand itself as an open , diverse society stumbled Wednesday when government supporters and anti-Castro supporters brawled in the streets of Panama . Video of the incident showed Cuban government officials exchanging punches and insults with dissidents until Panamanian police in riot gear broke up the melee . With the historic thawing in relations between the U.S. and Cuba , Washington now has urgent business to discuss with Havana . "  We have really big issues with the Cubans that do need to be solved , " said Ambassador Vicki Huddleston , who served as the chief of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana . She added "  The Cubans are typical of their negotiating style . You think it 's going to be easy because we have said ` We are going to have good relations with you ' and they say , ` That 's not exciting for us and it is for you . ' So they are hard negotiators as they always have been . " The forum could provide the opportunity to push forward an agreement to re-establish formal relations and re-open embassies after nearly four months of negotiations . While President Barack Obama is not scheduled to meet Cuban leader Raul Castro , U.S. officials said there will be opportunities for "  interaction " between the two leaders . The first time the two heads of state met was in 2013 at Nelson Mandela 's funeral . Their brief handshake captured the world 's attention and lit up social media . Few people then knew that the two countries were secretly involved in negotiations to thaw five decades of deadlocked Cold War-era relations . Obama had said he had hoped a U.S. Embassy would reopen in Havana before the summit , but Cuban officials have said they can not imagine a full restoration of diplomatic ties until Cuba is removed from the U.S. State Department list of countries that support terrorism . "  It would be difficult to explain that diplomatic relations have been resumed while Cuba has been unjustly listed as a state sponsor of international terrorism , " said Josefina Vidal , the general director of U.S. affairs at the Cuban Foreign Ministry and lead negotiator in the talks . Cuba was added to the list in 1982 , which includes Syria , Iran and Sudan . The designation carries financial sanctions which Cuban officials say further damages their already ailing economy . The State Department has sent a recommendation to the White House that Cuba be removed , paving the way for the White House to announce its intent to de-list Cuba as early as this week , two administration officials told CNN . Removal from the list "  does not relate to whether or not we agree with everything a country does or whether we agree with its political system , or its foreign policy , " Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said on a conference call with reporters Tuesday . "  It 's a very practical review as to whether or not a government is sponsoring terrorism . " Rhodes also dialed backed rhetoric on Venezuela , saying the country did not pose a national security threat to the United States , despite a recent declaration to that effect . The designation was meant to allow officials to target seven allegedly corrupt Venezuelan officials , but it ignited a firestorm , particularly in Cuba , which has close ties to Venezuela . Deceased Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was a friend and admirer of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro . Chavez 's successor Nicolas Maduro continues to send Cuba tens of thousands of barrels of oil each day , despite his country 's own economic turmoil . In exchange , Cuba sends doctors , military advisers and sports trainers to Venezuela . In Cuba 's state-run media , criticism of U.S. policy towards Venezuela has overshadowed the improvement in U.S.-Cuba relations . In March , Fidel Castro published a letter criticizing the U.S. ' "  brutal plans towards " Venezuela and the Cuban government promised "  unconditional aid " to help defend against American threats . Its remains to be seen how much Cuba will risk its warming relations with the United States to back up ally Venezuela . But apparently there is little doubt among the Cuban people on what their government should do . A poll of 1,200 Cubans released on Wednesday found that 97 % of the people surveyed by Miami-based polling firm Bendixen & Amandi on behalf of The Washington Post and Univision Noticias/Fusion supported improved U.S.-Cuban relations .	Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at Summit of the Americas First time since 1962 , the U.S. has not blocked Cuba 's attempt to join Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- There are a lot of Marys in Mary Jane McGill 's extended family , so each one gets a special name . Mary who lives in Roslindale , Massachusetts , is "  Mary Rozy . " Mary from Everett , Massachusetts , is called "  Mary Everett . " And McGill ? She 's "  Mary Google . " When Mary Nee , back second from left . needed an in-home caregiver , her daughter turned to the Internet . "  I use it for everything , " McGill says of the search engine . "  My family kids me about it . " One day last week , McGill used Google in a way even she never dreamed of : to find care for her mother , who has Alzheimer 's disease and suddenly needed someone living at her house 24/7 . Her search quickly turned up a number of the many resources that can help you connect with in-home help for a parent who 's aging , ill or both . And this week , Empowered Patient will save you some searching time . Up until last month , McGill 's father , Tom Nee , had been taking care of his wife , but then he died of cancer . "  He died sooner than we expected , and we were in a complete state of panic about who would take care of Mom , " McGill says . "  She ca n't be left alone . It would be like leaving a toddler alone . But we do n't want her in a nursing home , either . " McGill was relieved , then , to receive a phone call from her aunt , who said she knew of a woman who could care for her mother . "  But then she came over , and I interviewed her , and she was horrible . She was like a prison guard , " McGill says . "  I thought to myself , ' I ca n't do this . I ca n't have this woman living with my mother . ' " McGill did n't know what to do . "  I went home and at 1 in the morning , through my tears , Googled ` caring parents Alzheimer 's . ' Up came this Web site that helps people find caregivers . I input all my information , and by 7 the next morning I had 10 e-mails , all from legitimate places , " she says . Watch more on helpful Web sites " Six days later , a "  loving , wonderful " caregiver moved in with her mother 24 hours a day , five days a week . On the weekends , McGill and her siblings , who are all working , raising children or both , take turns being with their mother . The older woman is often confused , ca n't cook and ca n't drive to get anything she needs in her suburban Boston town . "  I never dreamed I 'd find someone on the Internet , because you have to really trust someone who 's living in your mother 's house , so you can walk away and sleep at night , " McGill says . "  I never would have thought you 'd use such an impersonal tool to find something so personal . " But these days , more and more people are using the Internet to find a caregiver instead of , or along with , traditional methods of finding care , such as asking friends and family . Here , from caregiving experts , are Web sites that link you to caregivers , plus sites that offer other services . 1 . To find a caregiver in your area , visit these sites . McGill used Eldercarelink . Another , Home Health Compare , is run by Medicare and allows you to compare home health care agencies in your area . Assist Guide Information Services , or AGIS , can link you to home health care aides , nurses , doctors , nutritionists and more . 2 . Tips for selecting a caregiver So you 've hooked up with caregivers in your area ; now what ? Caring from a Distance gives tips for evaluating what kind of care you need . AARP hosts Providing Care at Home , which gives tips for interviewing potential caregivers and checking references . 3 . A geriatric care manager may help . Geriatric care managers help families care for older relatives while encouraging as much independence as possible . The National Association of Geriatric Care Managers can help you find a professional in your desired location . 4 . Find home health care experts where you live . Looking for a caregiver can be emotionally overwhelming . There are a million questions and lots of emotions . The National Family Caregivers Association lists experts in your area who specialize in family caregiving issues . 5 . Set up a Web site for your family . Have siblings far away who want to know how Mom or Dad is doing ? Care Central allows you to set up a communications Web site so everyone knows what 's going on . Many more sites offer general information about finding a home caregiver . The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' ElderCare site has information on everything from health insurance counseling to prescription assistance . This site has good general information . Finally , here 's an expert 's list of five "  do 's " and five "  do n'ts " to remember when choosing home care . E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Senior producer Jennifer Pifer and associate producer Georgiann Caruso contributed to this report .	Internet can help you find qualified , trustworthy in-home care for aging parents Empowered Patient this week does a lot of the searching for you Government and privately run sites match service providers to your needs
CNN  -- Universities nationwide were recovering Friday , a day after protests over education budget cuts hit campuses from coast to coast . Though many of the demonstrations were peaceful , some turned chaotic . On the West Coast , the University of California , Santa Cruz , was scheduled to reopen Friday . The crush of demonstrators on Thursday caused administrators to close the northern California campus . "  Please check back for information on the campus 's planned return to service on Friday , " the university Web site said . The protest , dubbed the March 4 National Day of Action , sent thousands of students , educators and supporters to the streets to challenge budget cuts and tuition increases . In Oakland , California , police arrested 160 protesters who shut down a freeway , authorities said . Police stopped students from shutting down a freeway near the University of California , Davis , in northern California . Demonstrations occurred in other states including Colorado , New York and Wisconsin . A blog called Student Activism , which compiled a list of the protests , said 122 events were slated in 33 states , most on campuses and some at state capitols . Many of Thursday 's demonstrations focused on cuts in state funding for colleges and universities , which supporters say drive up tuition , limit classes and make higher education unobtainable to many . State funding for the California State University system was reduced by nearly $ 1 billion for the academic years between 2008 and 2010 . Schools have responded by increasing fees , canceling classes , cutting student support programs and furloughing professors . Fees have increased 182 percent since 2002 . Class waiting lists have doubled or tripled . "  The less affordable education becomes , the less likely low-income students will be able to get a college education , " said Lillian Taiz , president of the California Faculty Association and a professor of history at California State University , Los Angeles .	Demonstrations on Thursday caused administrators to close the northern California campus Students , educators , supporters hit the streets to challenge cuts , tuition hikes Funding cuts spur tuition and fee hikes , program cuts , bigger classes
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal continues to prove unbeatable on his favorite clay-court surface , as he won his fifth Barcelona Open title in a row with a straight sets victory over fellow-Spaniard David Ferrer on Sunday . Rafael Nadal lifts the massive Barcelona Open trophy for the fifth year in a row after his win over David Ferrer . The 22-year-old Nadal , who last week secured his fifth Monte Carlo title in succession , repeated that feat on home soil by winning 6-2 7-5 in a repeat of the 2008 final . The victory gave Nadal his 35th career title  24 of them coming on clay  and meant the Barcelona tournament was won by a home player for a seventh straight year . "  I could have never have imagined that I would win here for a fifth time , " a beaming Nadal said after the match . "  Congratulations to David also . Even if it was impossible for him to win today , he had a great tournament . For me , this is much more than a dream , " he added . Nadal will have no time to celebrate as he heads directly for the Rome Masters which begins on Monday . Last year , an obviously exhausted Nadal lost in his opening match to compatriot Juan Carlos Ferrero .	Rafael Nadal defeats David Ferrer in straight sets to lift Barcelona Open title World number one wins 6-2 7-5 to take the trophy for a fifth year in succession The title was Nadal 's 35th of his career with 24 of those coming on clay-courts
CNN  -- Despite weakening , Tropical Storm Ernesto poured heavy rains Wednesday on Mexico and portions of Central America , the National Hurricane Center said . Ernesto , once a Category 1 hurricane , was moving into the Bay of Campeche where it is expected to become a hurricane again . As of 8 p.m. ET , the storm was about 20 miles  35 kilometers  east-northeast of Ciudad del Carmen , Mexico , the center reported . Ernesto was moving west at 7 mph with maximum sustained winds of 50 mph . Officials in Ciudad del Carmen reported one gust of 58 mph . The storm is expected to make landfall a second time on Mexico 's coast on Thursday . Mexico issued a hurricane watch along the coast from Barra de Nautla to Coatzacoalcos , an area that includes the coastal city of Veracruz . Between 4 to 8 inches of rain are expected in some areas of the region , with as much as 12 inches in parts of the Mexican states of Tabasco and Veracruz . Belize , the southern Yucatan Peninsula and northern Guatemala may see as much as 4 inches of rain , the hurricane center said . Complete coverage of weather Ernesto will cause a surge when it reaches the coast , increasing water levels by as much as 1 to 3 feet above normal tide levels in the area near and north of where the storm makes landfall , the hurricane center said . NASA scientist links climate change , extreme weather Ernesto made initial landfall Tuesday night as a Category 1 hurricane in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo , on the Yucatan Peninsula . In Chetumal , the state capital , officials asked residents to remain indoors throughout the night as the storm hit . Some areas were flooded or without electricity Wednesday morning . Civil protection officials worked throughout the storm to evacuate some residents living in low-lying areas who had initially refused to leave , a local journalist , Carlos Perez , told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . Shelters were open throughout the area , providing food , he said . In Honduras , classes were canceled in the northern part of the country , where the effects of the storm were felt . There was flooding in some areas , but no major damage . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	Ernesto continues to weaken but is expected to become a hurricane again The storm 's intensity drops after making first landfall in Mexcio The storm is expected to enter the Bay of Campeche Wednesday afternoon Another landfall is predicted for Thursday
WIRED  -- Gawker Media , the blog powerhouse built by Nick Denton , has been hacked . After bringing the company 's websites to a standstill Sunday , one or more hackers operating under the name Gnosis released a 500 MB file apparently containing Gawker 's source code , commenter and staff passwords , and internal conversations between the company 's employees . The email addresses and passwords of hundreds of thousands of Gawker users have been compromised , the hackers said . It 's the worst security breach in New York-based Gawker 's eight-year history , and a wake-up call to all web publishers . "  We 're deeply embarrassed by this breach , " Gawker said in a blog post Sunday afternoon . The attack included Gawker 's eponymous flagship property , as well as gadget site Gizmodo and the culture site Jezebel . The successful Gawker hack followed a week of escalating attacks in the wake of Wikileaks 's continued release of U.S. State Dept. documents and counter-attacks by hackers associated with group known as Anonymous , which has staged a campaign called Operation Payback . Over the last year , Gawker has been covering , with its trademark disdain , the antics of the 4Chan message board , leading 4Chan users to attack the site with denial-of-service attacks in July . That 's the same tactic being used against Visa.com , Paypal.com and Mastercard.com for those companies ' decisions to cut-off the ability to donate to Wikileaks . But the latest attack is much more serious than a typical denial-of-service attack . Gawker 's attackers managed to infiltrate the company 's content management system  CMS  , user database , and internal communications system . The hackers then published a raw file containing that information . Gnosis took pains to say , in the uploaded file , that they were not 4Chan , even as they gave a shout-out to it , along with Anonymous . 4chan can only be described as one of the most obnoxious  and sometimes hilarious  corners of the net , but it 's not a place where the most sophisticated hackers generally congregate . Still , Gnosis 's choice of targets and their foul language puts them firmly in the net 's "  griefer " culture . A 500MB file containing thousands of Gawker user IDs , passwords and email addresses was easily available Sunday night . Some of the email addresses and passwords in the file appear to correspond to several prominent current and former Gawker employees . The source code to Gawker 's website was also released , according to the hackers , as were internal chat communications among Gawker employees . Gawker seems to have regained control of their servers , and are advising readers to change their passwords . However , the real threat is for those readers who use the same password at Gawker that they do for other online services , since the hackers and others are at work breaking the outdated encryption Gawker used to store the passwords . Quite a few have already been broken . WIRED : Vigilantes take offensive in WikiLeaks censorship battle Anyone who has set up up an account to comment on Gawker is advised to change their passwords as soon as possible . Gnosis made clear its disdain for Gawker in the leaked file . "  F *** you gawker , hows this for ` script kids ? ' " the hacker wrote . "  Your empire has been compromised , Your servers , Your database 's , Online accounts and source code have all be ripped to shreds ! You wanted attention , well guess what , You 've got it now ! " The file , which also includes information about Gawker 's upcoming re-design , was being shared by dozens of people via file-sharing protocol bittorrent Sunday night The hacker wrapped up the data dump with the following message . "  You would think a site that likes to mock people , such as gawker , would have better security and actually have a clue what they are doing . But as we 've proven , those who think they are beyond our reach are n't as safe as they would like to think ! " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Hackers release file containing Gawker 's source code , commenter and staff passwords Email addresses of Gawker users have been compromised Hackers part of group Anonymous , who 's campaign is called Operation Payback
CNN  -- Australian Tim Cahill dealt Liverpool a desperate and potentially damaging blow with the goal that salvaged a 1-1 draw for bitter rivals Everton and stopped the Reds returning to the top of the Premier League . Tim Cahill earned Everton the point they deserved with a header three minutes from the end to deny Liverpool . Liverpool had grabbed the lead when Steven Gerrard , captaining the Anfield club for the 250th time , swept home a low drive midway through the second half for his 14th goal of the season . But Cahill earned Everton the draw their contribution deserved when he met Mikel Arteta 's 87th minute free-kick with a powerful header from inside the six-yard box . Spain striker Fernando Torres returned to Liverpool 's starting line-up for the first time since November following hamstring problems , for the 209th Merseyside derby . And Torres should have broken the deadlock in the first half when he surged between Joleon Lescott and Phil Jagielka only to prod his shot against a post from a few meters . Referee Howard Webb was kept busy as the tackles flew in and he lectured Phil Neville , Joleon Lescott and Arteta after a series of fouls on Gerrard . Webb later refused Liverpool a penalty two minutes after the interval when Torres went down theatrically after being nudged by Jagielka . Everton believed they were entitled to a spot kick when Martin Skrtel looked to send Victor Anichebe tumbling . The referee again waved away the appeals , and the complaints were still raging on the pitch -- and the touchline -- as Liverpool surged away for Gerrard to crash home a 30-yard drive to put the hosts ahead after 68 minutes . It had been more than 10 hours since Everton had conceded a goal and it looked as though it would be enough to send Liverpool back to the top ahead of Manchester United . Cahill had other ideas -- and the sides will go through it all again on Sunday when Liverpool host Everton in an FA Cup fourth round clash .	Australian Tim Cahill denies Liverpool win with late goal as Everton draw 1-1 Liverpool had grabbed the lead when Steven Gerrard struck after 68 minutes Merseyside rivals clash again on Sunday at Anfield in FA Cup fourth round
Jerusalem  CNN  At least two rockets fired from Syria landed in Israeli-occupied Golan Heights on Tuesday afternoon , prompting Israel to respond with artillery fire , the Israeli military said . No injuries were immediately reported . After the rocket fire , officials evacuated Israeli-controlled areas around Mount Hermon , site of a ski resort , the military said . The Lebanon-based militant group Hezbollah is suspected to have been involved in the rocket attack , which "  came from a Syrian air base in an area controlled by the Syrian army with a known Hezbollah presence , " an Israeli military source said on condition of anonymity . Hezbollah supports the Syrian regime , which has been battling Sunni Islamist militants and other rebels in a civil war for more than three years . Weapons fire from Syria into Israeli-controlled Golan Heights -- both targeted and errant , the Israeli military contends -- has happened intermittently in the past year as the Syrian civil war raged . More than a week ago , Iranian semiofficial media reported that an Israeli airstrike killed six Hezbollah members and a senior Iranian commander in the Syrian controlled portion of Golan Heights around the Syrian town of Quneitra , the site of the only border crossing between Israel and Syria . Iran , like Hezbollah , supports the Syrian regime . The Israeli military refused to comment about the January 18 strike . Israel has occupied a portion of the territory since seizing it during its 1967 war with Egypt , Jordan and Syria . CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Jerusalem , and CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Hezbollah involvement suspected in rocket attack , Israeli military source says No injuries immediately reported after rocket fire into Israeli-occupied Golan Heights Weapons fire from Syria into area has happened in past year with civil war raging
Over a million visitors travel to the rock-cut architectural wonders of Petra , Jordan each year . The magnificent rose-red city was first established sometime in the 6th century B.C. by an ancient nomadic tribe called the Nabataeans . At the crossroads between Arabia , Egypt , and Syria-Phonecia , it became one of the most vibrant trading hubs in the region -- a caravan center for the silks of China , the spices of India and the incense of Arabia . Today , tourists must make the two kilometer walk down a narrow gorge known as "  The Siq " before being rewarded with the awe-inspiring sight of the dusky-pink face of Al-Khazneh or the "  Treasury . " It is the first of an array of magnificent sights , including elaborate rock-cut tombs , sacrificial altars , a roman amphitheater and the Al-Deir monastery , housed in the 264,000 square meters of Petra Archeological Park . Few realize that among these relics of an ancient people there are still those living in the area that maintain the traditional nomadic way of life . "  The Bedouins  are here as controller for these caves , for all Petra . Because Petra is very important to them , " said Jehad Hamadeen of the Petra Archaeological Park . The Bedouin community has been drifting across the sand since long before Jordan existed . The name in their native tongue of Arabic literally means "  desert dwellers , " and for centuries they have carved a life in this harsh landscape . Despite often being isolated , the Bedouin people are known for their hospitality to travelers and are often happy to share a meal with visitors they come across . "  My happiness is here . I love this place , " said Um Mohammed , a Petra resident and Bedouin native . "  I walk around in these lands , these open lands . No one tells me what to do ,  I  am by myself . " Abu Ismail is another Bedouin living in the deserts of Jordan . His family lives in two rooms in cavern carved out of a mountain rock face and consider protecting Petra a duty of the Bedouin people . "  Yes it is our duty , and the duty of the government , " he said . "  It is an archaeological site . This is the most important thing . " But Ismail also points out that the Bedouin way of life needs to be protected and old traditions need to be upheld . He says : "  The best things about it  are  the fresh air , no traffic and street hassle . It is the Bedouin life , it 's great . Ismail admits to knowing nothing about the internet and , while his family continues to live amongst Jordan 's ancient heritage , life is good enough for him .	Petra in southern Jordan is visited by over one million tourists annually The ancient city is carved directly into rock and was established around the 6th century B.C. Bedouin tribes or "  desert dwellers " still walk these lands and have done for centuries
