In little over a week , Boeing has announced three new developments in its quest to produce sustainable aviation biofuel . Last week , the company identified "  green diesel " as a new biofuel that would emit at least 50 % less carbon dioxide than fossil fuel over its lifecycle . On Saturday , a new initiative to build a biofuel supply chain in the United Arab Emirates was unveiled using another type of fuel . It was celebrated with a 45-minute demonstration flight by an Etihad Airways 777 plane powered by U.A.E.-produced biofuel . On Wednesday , also out of Abu Dhabi , Boeing and partners said they had made breakthroughs in researching a shrub-like plant called halophytes , which feeds off seawater in desert terrain . The research on the shrub-like plant was spearheaded by the Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium  SBRC  , which is funded by Boeing , Etihad Airways and Honeywell UOP and hosted by the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi . According to the findings , the desert plant can be made into biofuel more effectively than many other feedstocks . "  Halophytes show even more promise than we expected as a source of renewable fuel for jets and other vehicles , " said SBRC director Dr. Alejandro Rios in a statement . Diversification Why so many types of biofuel ? For aviation companies , it 's important to diversify the types of crops for biofuel production , as well as the locations where the crops are grown . This reduces exposure to the fuel cost volatility that comes from relying on a single source of energy . Similar to the supply chain announced by Boeing , Airbus has established six regional alternative fuel "  value chains " in Australia , Brazil , the Middle East , Romania , China and Spain , and is looking at feedstocks such as algae and cooking oil . The industry 's pressures and incentives to reduce carbon dioxide emissions are enormous . The current aggressive target is carbon neutral growth from 2020 and a 50 % reduction in carbon dioxide emissions by 2050 , based on 2005 levels , according to both manufacturers and the International Air Transport Association  IATA  . According to IATA , air transport produced 689 million tons of carbon dioxide , approximately 2 % of the global total , in 2012 . Green diesel "  Our industry still faces two issues : there is n't enough aviation biofuel to meet airline demand , and we need to bring the cost down to parity with petroleum jet fuel , " says Jessica Kowal of Boeing 's environment communications team . For Boeing , green diesel is one of most compelling of the many biofuel "  pathways " -- but not because it 's considered to be better than other sources in terms of carbon emissions . Instead , green diesel 's distinguishing factor is that it 's already made in bulk , with a global production capacity of 800 million gallons . While that 's far from meeting the total global aviation jet fuel demand of 60 billion gallons per year , the capacity to quickly address 1 % of it  600 million gallons  is worth chasing . Boeing is currently seeking approval from regulators around the world to use it as jet fuel , blended with petroleum , beginning this year . Despite being made from the same sources of vegetable oils and animal fats , green diesel is not to be confused with biodiesel , as the latter produces different types of molecules during processing and can not be used as jet fuel . Price is another big reason this new biofuel is a frontrunner -- with government incentives , it costs approximately $ 3 a gallon -- a competitive alternative to fossil jet fuel . Since aviation biofuel was approved for use in 2011 , more than 1,500 commercial flights have been powered by a blend of traditional fuel and biofuels . Fueling the race As companies pour resources into developing alternative fuels , it makes sense for major oil-producing nations to have a stake in what will potentially become their biggest competitor . Boeing 's joint initiative with partners in the United Arab Emirates , including the government-owned Etihad Airways , thus marks a number of firsts . It 's the first time United Arab Emirates has refined biofuel  by a subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi National Oil Co.  , as well as the first flight fueled with a new processing technology that is not yet approved but will be used in UAE biofuel production in the future . Critics and challenges While aviation companies such as Boeing and Airbus pour money and manpower into researching aviation biofuels , there are still critics that say it 's not worth the effort , and in fact may be causing more harm . Last year , The New York Times reported that the expansion of the biofuels industry is causing a shortage of land for food crops in the poor regions of Asia , Africa and Latin America . The European Commission proposed amending a policy on biofuels last year , due to concerns that first-generation biofuel production is pumping more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than it saves through use as fuel , but a compromise to restrict EU subsidies for first-generation biofuel was rejected in December . The issue is expected to remain at a standstill until the new parliament takes office later this year . "  Boeing 's position , and that of many airlines we work with , is that aviation biofuel must be produced sustainably , meeting criteria for environmental , economic and social benefit , " said Kowal . "  We do not pursue development of biofuel using feedstocks that compete for resources  such as land or water  used for food production . "	Boeing announces three new aviation biofuel initiatives The U.S. airline maker says "  green diesel " would emit 50 % less carbon dioxide than fossil fuel over its lifecycle In 2012 , air transport produced 689 million tons of carbon dioxide -- 2 % of the global total
CNN  -- We all like to think medical care is about science , but too often it 's about professional interests . Last week , a 25-year follow-up of the Canadian National Breast Screening Study was published -- one of the eight major randomized trials of screening mammography . The headline was simple : Mammogram screenings do n't reduce cancer death rates . The reaction by some American mammographers was predictable -- discredit the study . It 's predictable because it is exactly what they did when they did n't like the first findings of the study published more than 20 years ago . The effort by the American College of Radiology to discredit the Canadian trial relies on two allegations : The investigators were cheating : Let 's look at the background on this . Randomized trials are a critical tool for clinical researchers . Study participants are placed at random in either one group  in this case those who get mammograms  or the other  those who do not  . Who is in which group is solely based on the play of chance -- a flip of a coin . The allegation of cheating -- purposely putting women whom researchers knew had advanced cancers in the mammography group -- is an incredibly serious one . It sure was taken seriously by Canada 's National Cancer Institute . It launched a two-year independent review of the entire randomization process . In 1997 , the review found no credible evidence of cheating . But that did n't stop the allegation from being trotted out last week . The new study provides evidence that randomization did exactly what it is supposed to do : It created two identical groups of women . The rate of death in the two groups was exactly the same , every year , for 25 years . That ca n't happen by cheating -- that can only happen when the groups are formed solely by chance . Canada is a Third World country : More specifically , the Canadians used old mammography machines that produced inadequate images , interpreted by inadequate mammographers . It sounded as if Canada were Botswana , as if the nation had only recently gotten electric power and was still struggling to train doctors . For mammographers who need to point to the benefits demonstrated by earlier trials of mammography , this is an odd allegation . Why ? Because the other trials used even older technology . In fact , one of the trials most favorable to screening -- the Health Insurance Plan of New York 's -- dates from two decades before Canada 's , in the early 1960s , when mammography technologies were primitive . Yet , in both New York and Canada , outmoded technology did exactly what it was supposed to do . It found small breast cancers . Armed with these two allegations , the mammographers followed a well-worn strategy : Make the allegations often and loudly enough and maybe they will stick . To be clear , not all mammographers share this view . A new generation has openly acknowledged the problems of mammography . But many in the old guard are more likely to attack any suggestion that screening does n't work as well as advertised , characterizing researchers who raise the possibility as "  malicious " or "  dangerous " and questioning the editorial policies of the journals that publish their work . It 's time to stop the unfounded allegations . It might be standard procedure for politics but not for science . Too much energy has been devoted to discrediting the Canadian study and not enough to understanding it . To make sense of information the Canadian trial offers , you need to understand its unique design -- specifically what is being compared with what . Most of the other randomized trials simply compared regular mammography with doing nothing . In the Canadian trial , one group received a regular physical exam of the breast -- a very careful exam performed by specially trained nurses . The other group received the same regular physical exam plus regular mammography . In other words , the trial tested the usefulness of adding mammography to a physical exam in an effort to detect abnormalities that are too small to feel . And the trial showed that finding these "  too small to feel " abnormalities does n't help women live longer . That 's really important information . It does n't mean that mammography ca n't help at all -- it is extremely challenging to standardize a physical exam of the breast across an entire population . It does mean , however , that if we are going to do mammography , we should be using it to find big , important things -- not small , unimportant things . Further , the Canadian trial confirms that the harm of being overdiagnosed by screening mammography is real : One in five invasive cancers found by screening represents overdiagnosis . Overdiagnosis happens when cellular abnormalities meet the pathologic definition of "  cancer , " yet never progress to cause clinical disease . Overdiagnosed women are told they have cancer , are treated for cancer , yet their "  cancer " is not destined to cause them any problems . It is important to recognize this estimate does n't include the smallest , earliest form of breast cancer found only by mammography -- ductal carcinoma in situ or DCIS . If overdiagnosis is a problem in invasive cancer , you can imagine it might be a greater problem for a smaller , earlier form of cancer . Even mammography 's old guard objects to having DCIS included in estimates of the amount of overdiagnosis . Why do they object ? Because so much of DCIS represents overdiagnosis , including it makes the estimate even higher . It 's time to get the science back in screening mammography and to recognize that mammographers may not be the ideal source for balanced information . It 's too much like asking the dentists for balanced information about routine dental X-rays . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H. Gilbert Welch .	A recent Canadian study found that mammogram screenings do n't reduce cancer deaths Mammographers slammed it , saying researchers cheated and screening machines were old Gilbert Welch : Cheating charges unfounded , and pro-screening studies used older machines Welch : The real problem is that mammography results in women getting treatment they do n't need
CNN  -- Part of an art collection confiscated because it may contain pieces looted by the Nazis is being returned to its owner , prosecutors in the German town of Augsburg said Wednesday . Prosecutors said they had returned the seized collection to Cornelius Gurlitt , who inherited the almost priceless artworks from his father , in light of new evidence . Their statement came two days after news of a deal between Gurlitt , Germany 's cultural authorities and the Bavarian Justice Ministry under which he agreed to allow research into the origins of suspected cases of looted or so-called "  degenerate " art . Under the deal , works owned by Gurlitt which are not under suspicion can be returned to him . Those suspected of being stolen will be held securely while a task force investigates their provenance -- and will be returned to their original Jewish owners or their descendants if a claim is proven . Works which have not been investigated by the end of a year will be returned to Gurlitt , it says . It 's not clear how many pieces may be the subject of claims from those who believe they were looted decades ago . But a statement on Gurlitt 's website says that "  according to current information at most 3 % of the 1,280 confiscated works " could be involved . That would work out to about 38 paintings . Gurlitt 's spokesman , Stephan Holzinger , said Monday that there was a second claimant for a Henri Matisse painting found in his hoard , "  Femme assise " or "  Seated Woman . " Gurlitt 's lawyer has said the claim must be properly examined before the painting can be returned . However , this does n't change Gurlitt 's intention to return pictures to their rightful owners if a claim is proven , Holzinger said . Among the staggering haul found in Gurlitt 's Munich , Bavaria , apartment in early 2012 were paintings by Pablo Picasso , Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec , Oskar Kokoschka , Canaletto , Pierre-August Renoir , Franz Marc and Gustav Courbet . Gurlitt , 81 , says he never suspected that the collection he inherited from his father might include stolen artworks . Thousands of pieces of art condemned as "  degenerate " by the Nazis were confiscated from galleries and private collectors in the 1930s and 1940s . Other works were stolen from Jewish families or sold for a fraction of their true value as the owners tried to flee the country . Gurlitt 's father , Hildebrand Gurlitt , who was part Jewish , survived the war as one of only four "  degenerate art " dealers permitted by Adolf Hitler . Prosecutors cite new evidence , objections It was last May when experts revealed that the artworks -- many long feared lost or destroyed , and some which had never been recorded -- had been discovered in Gurlitt 's apartment in the Schwabing area of Munich . The vast collection , which experts have said has "  a value so high it can not be estimated , " was recovered by German tax authorities in connection with an inquiry into tax evasion in February and March 2012 . In its statement , Wednesday , the prosecutor 's office defended its decision to seize the cache , now known as the Schwabing art trove , on the grounds it might contain stolen art . "  At the time of the confiscation of the entire collection , the Augsburg prosecution was entirely convinced of the rightfulness of the measure , " it said . But , it said , the new evidence and the representations of Gurlitt 's defense lawyers have led the office "  to assess the legal situation anew . " The investigation is not yet concluded , however , the prosecution said . The defense has applied to view more files and has yet to make its position public , it added . ` Fair solutions ' Gurlitt told German magazine Der Spiegel last November that he longed for the paintings he inherited to be returned to him -- and that he regarded them as his only friends . The reclusive retiree also defended his father 's wartime dealings , saying "  maybe he was offered something privately , but he would not have taken it . It would not have been good for him . " His father , by all accounts a savvy dealer , removed the huge collection from his house in Dresden during the devastating bombing in the final days of World War II , and moved it to what later became West Germany . A statement on Gurlitt 's website states that he "  was at all times convinced that he had inherited a collection from his father that predominantly consisted of so-called degenerate art from former German Reich property in public collections and museums , " and that he was unaware it "  includes a few works that today can be qualified as looted art . " Now , it says , he is "  is prepared to review and arrive at fair solutions together with the claimants for those works that are suspected of being looted art in such instances where qualified , documented , and justified claims for their return are asserted by heirs of Jewish of persecution and where morally compelling grounds exist . " CNN 's Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	A stunning art collection confiscated from Cornelius Gurlitt has been returned to him He has agreed to return works to their owners if it 's proven they were stolen by the Nazis Gurlitt says he inherited the collection from his father and was unaware any were suspect The huge art trove was found in his Munich apartment by German tax authorities in 2012
NEW YORK  CNN  -- On a July morning in 2005 , Noel Miller came home from working the night shift at an Iowa nursing home . She told police she arrived around 6:20 a.m. and discovered that her 5-year-old daughter , Evelyn , was missing . Evelyn Miller , 5 , was found floating in the Cedar River a mile from her home in July 2005 . Everyone else was fast asleep . Some 1,500 volunteers joined the six-day search for Evelyn Miller , but it ended tragically . The little girl was found floating in the Cedar River near rural Floyd , Iowa . That was four years ago , and police still have not charged anyone in Evelyn 's death . Watch an update on the case " At the time she disappeared , Evelyn was living in an apartment complex with her mother , two half-brothers and the man her mother planned to marry , Casey Frederiksen . Two friends were visiting him . They had spent the night , which was not unusual . Noel Miller looked for her daughter , then called 911 . The call launched a massive search for Evelyn , beginning at her apartment and extending outward for seven miles . "  That area was completely covered , " Floyd County Sheriff Rick Lynch said . Police and volunteers hiked through cornfields and wooded areas . Authorities deployed infrared airplanes and sent dive teams into local rivers and quarries . On the sixth evening of the search , two kayakers found Evelyn 's body floating in a river just one mile from her home . "  It takes anywhere from three to five days if it 's a drowning , then the body will come to the surface , " Lynch said . The Floyd County Sheriff 's Office has not released what caused Evelyn 's death . But Lynch said , "  We believe she was a victim of foul play . " "  This is definitely a homicide , " said Floyd County Attorney Jesse Marzen . "  We want to make sure that law enforcement investigates as completely and as thoroughly as possible . " Investigators have narrowed their suspect list to three people , Lynch said , but police are not ready to publicly name them . "  I 'm sure the general public is not going to be surprised , " Lynch said , adding , "  I feel confident that we will make an arrest soon . " Since the little girl 's death , the three men who were staying at the apartment have been in trouble with the law . Miller 's fiancé , Frederiksen , is serving a 14-year sentence for a child pornography conviction . He recently was named in an indictment accusing him of producing methamphetamine in the apartment where he lived with Evelyn before her murder . Frederiksen 's former attorney , Jane Kelly , said he has a new lawyer , who practices in Cedar Rapids , Iowa . That attorney , Dan O'Brien , did not return a call from CNN requesting comment . Lynch said the investigation included all registered sex offenders in the area . "  All of their alibis checked out and we 've ruled them out , " he said . Frederiksen and Miller have since lost custody of their two sons , who are in foster care . Investigators said they need additional corroborating evidence to make an arrest and are waiting for the final piece of the puzzle . They plan to use a new piece of investigative equipment that is expected to move the inquiry forward , Lynch said . "  It 's something that came up in the last few months . " For now , he 's not discussing details . "  We just ca n't explain what the equipment is , " Lynch added , "  because if we explained when we were going to do it and what the equipment was , it could expose information to a perpetrator . " Evelyn 's grandmother , Linda Christie , is hopeful police soon will provide the answers she has been waiting four years to hear . She does n't consider Evelyn 's death to be a cold case . "  They work on this case at least every two weeks , " she said . But , she admits , "  It is a waiting game . " To protect the investigation , police are n't discussing any potential DNA evidence . "  The story never goes to black and white for us , " Lynch said . "  We are on it every day . It always goes to full color . " Marzen also wants the public to know that progress is being made and the investigation remains "  very active . " Anyone with information that could lead to the arrest or conviction of the persons responsible for Evelyn Miller 's death is asked to call the Floyd County Sheriff 's Office at 641-228-1821 . A $ 5,000 reward is offered .	Evelyn Miller , 5 , disappeared during the night while her mother was at work Thousands of volunteers joined the six-day search Kayakers found child 's body in Cedar River in July 2005 Know something ? Call 641-228-182 . A reward is offered
CNN  -- An eighth case of meningitis has been reported at Princeton University , the school said Friday , the latest in a string of cases reported this year . "  Health officials will be conducting tests to determine if this latest case is related to the seven cases of meningitis associated with the University since March , " university spokesman Martin Mbugua said in an e-mail . A female student at the New Jersey-based Ivy League school was taken to a local hospital Thursday after developing symptoms Wednesday night and is receiving treatment . All seven other cases of meningitis found at Princeton since March were caused by a rare meningococcal bacteria known as serotype B. Princeton said Monday that the school was preparing to provide a vaccine to protect against this strain of meningitis , pending final approval from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The vaccine for meningitis B is not licensed in the United States , but it has been approved in Europe and Australia . If the CDC approves , the vaccine would be recommended for all undergraduates and graduate students living in dormitories , as well as other members of the university community with conditions where the spleen is compromised , or certain other immune system disorders . That would apply to about 5,000 undergraduates and 550 graduate students in dorms , Mbugua said . Additionally , around half a dozen people with conditions that fall under the recommendation would also be affected , although there may be more who have not yet disclosed their conditions , he said . New Jersey state law requires all students at Princeton living in dormitories to receive a different meningitis vaccine , one that is licensed in the United States . That vaccine protects against some other strains , but not serotype B bacteria . Two doses of the unlicensed vaccine -- called Bexsero and made by Novartis -- are required to protect individuals against meningitis B. Princeton hopes to make the first two doses of the vaccine available in early December , and the second in February . Also this week , the University of California , Santa Barbara , reported that three students were being treated for meningococcal disease , and that their cases were caused by type B bacteria -- the same bacteria strain causing the Princeton outbreak . However , no link has been found between the California cases and those at Princeton , the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department said . What is meningitis B ? Meningitis is an infection of the membranes that cover the brain and the spinal cord , known as the meninges . There are two forms of meningitis : bacterial and viral . The bacterial form is rare in the United States , and the group B bacterial strains are even more rare . Meningitis can spread via the exchange of saliva and other respiratory secretions through kissing , coughing , sharing drinks and living in close quarters , such as in dormitories , according to the New Jersey state health department . Symptoms can include stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death . Antibiotic treatment of the most common types of bacterial meningitis "  should reduce the risk of dying from meningitis to below 15 % , although the risk remains higher among young infants and the elderly , " according to the CDC . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States , according to the CDC . Of those , 160 were group B. School activities continue Several students told CNN that their peers are not overly afraid of getting meningitis , but that it 's definitely a topic of conversation . "  I think students do know that it is an important and fatal issue that is spreading on campus - and each student individually decides to what degree to protect themselves , " Stephen Cognetta , a junior , said in an e-mail . He and others said they probably would sign up for the meningitis B vaccine if it becomes available . "  If the vaccine was offered and if there is enough scientific evidence proving its effectiveness , I would take it to reduce risk of infection , " he said . Thanksgiving break at Princeton begins Tuesday after classes , and the semester at "  Old Nassau " resumes December 2 . "  At this time , the CDC and state health officials recommend that travel plans and activities on the Princeton University campus continue as planned , and the surrounding community can continue to attend events on the Princeton campus , " Mbugua said . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Princeton University reports an 8th case of meningitis Health officials are investigating whether this is related to the other 7 cases CDC preparing to recommend students get meningitis B vaccine That recommendation is awaiting final approval from a review board
Sharm El-Sheikh , Egypt  CNN  -- Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , under investigation in the deaths of protesters , remained Saturday in a Sharm el-Sheikh hospital where he has been receiving treatment since Tuesday , officials said . Earlier , a military official told CNN that Mubarak had been transferred to a military facility in Cairo . However , later in the day , an official with the military in Cairo said the former leader is still in the hospital in the Red Sea resort town . Hospital and police personnel had insisted that Mubarak was still being treated at the facility and had n't moved from a heavily guarded section of the building . "  As long as Mr. Mubarak is here , we will stay here , " said police Capt. Karim Yusuf , one of the dozens of riot police standing in a human chain outside the Sharm el-Sheikh hospital . Justice Minister Mohamed Abdel Aziz had earlier said that when the former leader 's health improves , he will be imprisoned . Despite his health issues , Mubarak has been questioned and been under investigation by the Egyptian prosecutor-general 's office since Tuesday . He is being investigated in connection with the deaths of hundreds of activists during the recent uprising that led to his departure from office February 11 . He is also under investigation for allegations of corruption and misuse of state funds . Mubarak has been treated at the hospital since Tuesday for heart palpitations and blood pressure problems and is listed in stable condition , officials said . He and his sons were taken into 15-day detainment Tuesday , according to a Justice Ministry spokesman . His sons are in custody in Cairo . Aziz also said Mubarak 's wife , Suzanne , will be questioned by the ministry 's Office of Illicit Profiteering . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Mohammed Fadel Fahmy and Dina Amer contributed to this report .	NEW : A military official says Mubarak is receiving treatment at hospital A military official said earlier that Mubarak was moved to a Cairo military facility The former leader is under investigation for the deaths of activists He is also the subject of a corruption probe
CNN  When Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa , Kenya , on Thursday , it was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi . But it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between Kenya and the Somali militants . To understand Thursday 's attack , one must understand this : Kenya and Al-Shabaab are at war . Although al Qaeda was behind the 1998 attack that killed more than 200 people , Al-Shabaab has killed many more Kenyans and is by far the country 's most persistent tormenter , according to a University of Maryland study . Their attacks have notched up since 2008 . And in October 2011 , Kenya Defense Forces invaded Somalia , where Al-Shabaab is based , with the crushing Operation Linda Nchi , Swahili for "  Protect the Country . " Thus began a bloody vicious cycle , with Al-Shabaab retaliating on Kenyan soil with ever more spectacular mass killings . Here are some of the most heinous attacks on Kenya by the Somali terrorist group . Early Thursday , while many students still slept , at least four gunman burst into a Christian prayer service at Garissa University College , leading into Easter Weekend . They shot students and took hostages , whom they herded across campus . As they encountered students , they separated them into Muslims and Christians . They spared the former , eyewitness Joel Ayora said . They killed the latter . Kenyan special forces moved in at the campus located about 90 miles from Somalia 's southern border . They killed four gunman , but not before 147 victims were shot dead . In December , Al-Shabaab militants carried out the same macabre division of captives by religion at a rock quarry not far from the Somali border . They shot Christian workers dead , and spared their Muslim colleagues . Red Cross Workers counted at least 36 bodies dumped into the quarry . It was eye-for-an-eye retaliation , the militants said , for raids Kenyan security forces carried out on mosques intended to weed out extremists . Parallel to Operation Linda Nchi , Kenya has gone after ethnic Somalis within their own borders triggering protest by Human Rights Watch , which has accused the government of ethnic profiling and mistreatment . In a 2011 case , Kenyan authorities reportedly rounded up ethnic Somalis in Garissa and let them sit in the mud , while beating some of them , HRW alleged . Passengers on a bus in Kenya 's north were told to recite from the Quran or die in November 2014 . Shortly after the bus carrying some 60 people departed Mandera , near Somalia 's border , Al-Shabaab gunmen stopped it in a hilly area and barged in . Those who failed to recite verses were gunned down , leaving 28 dead . In its claim of responsibility , Al-Shabaab said the dead were Christians , and their killing was retaliation mosque raids by Kenyans . A day after the attack , Kenyan security forces retaliated with an offensive across the border into Somalia . They claimed to kill 100 Al-Shabaab militants . In July , Al-Shabaab gunmen opened fire on the Lamu coast , a popular tourist region , and at a police station in a neighboring county . They killed 22 people . Last May , tour companies evacuated vacationers from Kenya after the UK and United States issued alerts that there was a high threat of attacks . Before the Garissa massacre , the Westgate Mall attack was the deepest wound Al-Shabaab had inflicted on Kenya . For four days , four attackers turned the luxury shopping mall in the capital Nairobi into a cauldron of blood , smoke and rubble . Part of the mall collapsed as Kenyan security forces fought for control . At least 61 civilians were killed , as well as a handful of security officers . Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for Kenya participation in Africa Union military operations in Somalia . Even with Al-Shabaab 's shooting in Garissa , al Qaeda 's bombing of the U.S. Embassy in 1998 remains the single bloodiest Islamist terror attack on Kenyan soil . In short succession , bombs detonated at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania back then . The Nairobi bombing was much deadlier that the explosion at Dar es Salaam . Al Qaeda founding member Mamdouh Mahmud Salim was arrested and accused in the bombing and is being held in a New York jail , where he still awaits trial . He is serving a 32 year sentence after being convicted of stabbing a prison guard there in the eye .	To understand Thursday 's attack , one must understand that Kenya and Al-Shabaab are at war Al Qaeda 's 1998 attack on the U.S. Embassy is the single largest , but Al-Shabaab have killed many more Kenyans
CNN  -- Think kids today are spoiled ? That they only care about themselves ? CNN Hero Yash Gupta says that 's far from the truth . "  I think there 's a misconception with our generation , " said Gupta , 17 . "  Many of my friends are doing things to improve their communities . "  Kids are passionate and can make a difference . It 's just a matter of finding out what you care about and focusing on that . " For Gupta , it 's helping children see clearer . Since 2011 , he has given out more than 9,500 pairs of donated eyeglasses through his nonprofit , Sight Learning . But he 's not the only young person who was honored this year as a CNN Hero . Two others , 24-year-old Blair Brettschneider and 15-year-old Nicholas Lowinger , have also come up with ideas to improve the lives of others . Here 's how that trio is changing the world : Blair Brettschneider Blair Brettschneider has made it her mission to help young female refugees adjust to life in the United States . Her nonprofit , GirlForward , provides mentoring , tutoring , life skills and social support to nearly 50 young women in Chicago . "  Mostly , they are just normal teenage girls . We talk about celebrities and movies and books , " Brettschneider said . "  But then at the same time , a lot of them have lost parents who 've been killed . They 've seen bombs in their city . They 've lost people to disease and grown up in really dire conditions . " When they arrive in America , often from war-torn places such as Iraq , Ivory Coast and Myanmar , they face major challenges in building their new lives . "  It 's hard enough to be a teenage girl in the United States . ... It 's even harder to be a refugee teenage girl , " Brettschneider said . "  Girls are , along with the rest of their family , learning the language , adjusting to a new culture , trying to get used to school . At the same time , they are usually in charge of taking care of their siblings or grandparents . They have to translate all the mail that comes , any bills , help go to doctors ' appointments . " GirlForward mentors these young refugees to help them adapt to their new surroundings , and it teaches them the skills they need to become successful , independent young women and productive members of society . Read the full story Yash Gupta When Yash Gupta broke his glasses , he realized how hard it was to learn without them . Then he started thinking about the millions of children who can not afford corrective eyewear . So at just 14 , Gupta started Sight Learning , an organization that collects used eyeglasses from optometrists and donates them to organizations that can deliver them to children in need . Since 2011 , Gupta has donated more than 9,500 pairs of glasses , worth nearly $ 500,000 , to young people in Haiti , Honduras , India and Mexico . "  That dazed look the first time  children  get glasses , and just seeing that turn into joy and happiness ... it 's just really inspiring , " he said . Gupta knows that the glasses he 's providing can make a big impact . "  A lot of times , these families are in poverty , " he said . "  With a good education , you know , they can get a good job and get a good career . " Read the full story Nicholas Lowinger When he was 5 , Nicholas Lowinger visited a homeless shelter and was shocked to find out that some of the children there did not own a pair of shoes . A few years later , he started a nonprofit , the Got ta Have Sole Foundation , that has provided new shoes to more than 10,000 homeless children since 2010 . "  I 've been very fortunate to grow up in a family that is able to provide me with whatever I need , " Lowinger said . "  A lot of kids here in the U.S. do n't have the same opportunities . " There were 1.6 million homeless children across the United States in 2010 , according to a report from the National Center on Family Homelessness . With no permanent place to live , many stay on the streets or in shelters , motels , cars and abandoned buildings . "  Homeless children , they should n't have to worry about how they 'll be accepted or how they 'll fit in , " Nicholas said . "  They should n't have to worry about not being able to play sports or go to school because they do n't have a pair of shoes . " Read the full story Check out all of this year 's CNN Heroes	Three young people were honored this year as CNN Heroes Blair Brettschneider is helping young refugees adapt to their new life in the United States Yash Gupta collects used eyeglasses and donates them to children in need Nicholas Lowinger started a group that gives new shoes to homeless children
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The National Basketball Association will proceed with a vote to force a sale of the Los Angeles Clippers , rebuffing an effort by co-owners Donald and Shelly Sterling to sell the franchise voluntarily , NBA spokesman Mike Bass said Friday . "  We continue to follow the process set forth in the NBA Constitution regarding termination of the current ownership interests in the Los Angeles Clippers and are proceeding toward a hearing on this matter on June 3 , " Bass said . His announcement followed reports earlier Friday about how Donald and Shelly Sterling agreed to a voluntary sale of the NBA franchise as the league prepares a vote on a forced sale , according to a source familiar with the situation . The couple have an agreement to allow Shelly Sterling to do the negotiations , and there have already been discussions between her and the NBA , according to the source . Attorneys for the Sterlings , who earlier declined to comment about the couple 's effort for a voluntary sale , were n't immediately available to react to Bass ' statement . The Clippers declined to comment on the NBA statements , spokesman Seth Burton said . Friday 's events signal how the NBA is standing by its ultimatum that a vote will be held on a forcible sale . For their part , the Sterlings appear to be running out of options -- short of suing the league -- and analysts say such a lawsuit would n't be inconceivable , as Sterling is an attorney well versed in litigation . Meanwhile , pressure grows for Donald Sterling , a real estate billionaire . He faces a deadline Tuesday to respond to the NBA 's proposal to terminate his ownership in the team because of racist remarks he made . The NBA has banned Donald Sterling for life , and the league is advancing a vote by other team owners that would force the couple to sell the franchise . The ban and pending vote -- along with a $ 2.5 million fine against Donald Sterling -- arise from how he slurred African-Americans . A voluntary sale would be a new maneuver for the Sterlings . Last week , Donald Sterling hired an antitrust lawyer to fight the NBA about the proposed forced sale . And his wife has said she wanted to keep an ownership stake in the team but does n't want to be the controlling partner . The couple own the team through a trust . They are also estranged , Shelly Sterling 's attorney has said . The NBA contends it was damaged by the 80-year-old 's racist remarks to associate V. Stiviano , 31 , that were captured on an audiotape and posted online in April by TMZ and in an interview with CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360Â ° . " "  Among other things , Mr. Sterling disparaged African-Americans and ` minorities ' ; directed a female acquaintance not to associate publicly with African-Americans or to bring African-Americans to Clippers games ; and criticized African-Americans for not supporting their communities , " the NBA said in a recent statement . In order to terminate the Sterlings ' franchise rights , three-fourths of the team owners  23 of 30  would have to vote to sustain the charge and force a sale . Because Sterling is banned from any NBA activities , he is not allowed to vote , but the Clippers will have a vote , the NBA said . Report : NBA says Donald Sterling asked V. Stiviano to lie NBA charges Donald Sterling , schedules June 3 vote CNN 's Stephanie Elam and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Clippers decline to comment on NBA announcement NBA will proceed with hearing on forced sale on June 3 Shelly Sterling is negotiating with NBA about voluntary sale , source says Donald and Shelly Sterling agree to sell Clippers voluntarily , source says
CNN  -- An American missionary family living in Haiti has been providing virtually nonstop reports about the devastation from Tuesday 's earthquake and tracking down information on others serving there . "  There is no way to even begin to share the things we 've heard and seen since 5 p.m. yesterday , " Tara Livesay wrote on the family 's blog Wednesday morning . "  To do so would take hours that we do n't have to give right now . Some of them feel wrong to tell . Like only God should know these personal horrible tragedies . " Tara and Troy Livesay are country directors for World Wide Village , a Minnesota-based charitable organization providing Christian education , health care , nutrition and micro-enterprise opportunities to children and families in Haiti . "  Sometimes life in Haiti leaves you wondering ` Where are you God ? ' and other times we witness miracles with our own eyes , " they write in their blog profile . Besides Troy and Tara , the household in Port-au-Prince is made up of daughter Paige , 15 , and "  the crew " : Isaac , 8 , Hope , 7 , Noah , 5 , Phoebe Joy , 3 , Lydia Beth , 2 , Annie , also 2 , and Peanut the dog . Some of the children are adopted . Daughter Britt , 19 , lives in Texas with her husband , Chris . In addition , there 's Jeronne , the children 's nanny .  "  She is the MVP around here . We love her and think of her as family , " the blog says . Finally , there 's Tipap , Troy 's assistant , security chief and all-around handyman , who lives at the World Wide Village Guest House . The Livesays see themselves and their efforts as "  a work in progress -- trying to make the love of Jesus known while learning to know Him better ourselves . " That work since Tuesday evening has been consumed by gathering and reporting information about the quake and accounting for missing missionaries and other people . Troy Livesay 's reports came in the form of tweets that alternated between raw descriptions and expressions of hope : " ... covered in dust and debris ... we saw a few bodies that had been pulled out of the rubble laying dead in the sidewalk ... many others injured " "  Church groups are singing throughout the city all through the night in prayer . It is a beautiful sound in the middle of a horrible tragedy . " "  The worst damage is in Carrfour  South of Port , near the Palace  we are hearing that many two and three story buildings did not make it . " "  Tipap made it home from Carrefour - saw many dead bodies and injured along the way - said most buildings w/more than one story are down . " "  The Haitian people are out praying together -- aftershock happening right now . " Share your images and accounts On the blog , Tara Livesay 's writing is both pained and eloquent : "  The few things we can confirm -- yes the four story Caribbean Market building is completely demolished , " she posted . "  Yes it was open . Yes the National Palace collapsed . Yes Gov ' t buildings nearby the Palace collapsed . Yes St Josephs Boys home is completely collapsed . Yes countless countless - countless other houses , churches , hospitals , schools , and businesses have collapsed . There are buildings that suffered almost no damage . Right next door will be a pile of rubble . "  Thousands of people are currently trapped . To guess at a number would be like guessing at raindrops in the ocean . Precious lives hang in the balance . When pulled from the rubble there is no place to take them for care Haiti has an almost non existent medical care system for her people . "  I can not imagine what the next few weeks and months will be like . I am afraid for everyone . Never in my life have I seen people stronger than Haitian people . But I am afraid for them . For us . "  When the quake hit it took many seconds to even process what was happening . The house was rocking back and forth in a way that I can not even begin to describe . It felt fake . It felt like a movie . Things were crashing all over the house . It felt like the world was ending . I do not know why my house stands and my children all lie sleeping in their beds right now . It defies logic and my babies were spared while thousands of others were not . "  There are friends and co-workers that are missing . People whom no-one can account for . People we work with and love . There are more than I can name , but in particular we wait on one single friend who lived near the Hotel Montana -- which has reportedly collapsed . " She concludes the post with an appeal : "  The horror has only just begun and I beg you to get on your knees -- I truly mean ON YOUR KNEES and pray for the people of this country . The news might forget in a few days - but people will still be trapped alive and suffering . Pray . Pray . Pray . After that - PLEASE PRAY . "	Wife blogs , husband tweets after earthquake strikes Troy , Tara Livesay are missionary couple with houseful of children Troy issues tweets from streets of Port-au-Prince Tara addresses emotions of disaster , pleads for prayers
CNN  -- In the white sand beaches of Yoff , the small fishing town just north of the Senegalese capital Dakar , a seemingly endless line of brightly colored boats dots the Atlantic seaside . It was here , about four years ago , that Spanish designer Ramon Llonch was first struck by the mysterious symbols and intricate patterns adorning the hand-painted wooden vessels . "  I was amazed by the beauty of the fishing boats , many of which were old , damaged by the salt and the sun or abandoned , " remembers Llonch , who was at the time cycling solo around the West African country . "  I was captivated by that colorful mosaic of life with the women selling the fish and the men approaching the shore , " he adds . Read this : African firm invests billions in U.S. Looking at the old , weathered canoes , Llonch started wondering whether he could find a new use for them while preserving the history of their owners . His idea was to work with skillful local craftsmen and breathe new life into the traditional "  pirogues " by transforming them into hand-made furniture . And that 's how Artlantique was born , a company repurposing boats that are no longer sea worthy into upcycled fittings -- anything from whimsical chairs and coffee tables to one-of-a-kind cabinets and even foosball tables . "  It 's like a reincarnation of something that had life before -- a life in the Atlantic , a life in Africa , " says Llonch . "  Every time you see this furniture , you have a piece of the soul and the history of these fishermen , " adds the 52-year-old designer . Long journey From the waters off the coast of Senegal , through the Dakar-based workshop , to several stores across the world , the journey of transforming the old fishing boats into furniture is far from easy . Artlantique employs 12 craftsmen , including a co-ordinator who is in regular contact with the local fishermen about the purchase of those boats whose life span on the ocean waters has ended -- usually after 40 to 50 years of use . Read this : Can Africa unlock its solar potential ? After transporting the boats into Artlantique 's workshop , the company 's master carpenters start the arduous task of dismantling the 12-meter long vessels . Once that 's completed , they decide how to reconstruct the old samba wood -- depending on its size , condition and color combinations -- without any wood treatment or additional painting . Artlantique 's eclectic creations are then shipped to Barcelona , Llonch 's base , and from there they are sent to clients across Europe , as well as stores in New York and Tokyo . Passion for Africa Llonch says that what makes the furniture special is the history behind it and the creativity of the artisans working with raw materials that are hard to remodel . "  The main reason of this project is to preserve the wood as it was , with all the stories , all the nautical miles sailed in Atlantic , " says Llonch . Read this : Bamboo bikes put business on right track "  This wood ... has certain limitations , not only because it has a shape but also because it 's very damaged by the salt , the sea , the sun and the time . But these artisans are very talented , " he adds . "  Their creativity is not academic , they are like this by nature because  for them  recycling and reusing is not a fashion , it 's not a trend . " Looking ahead , Llonch says his goal is to expand the business and help other skilled craftsmen to develop their creative talents . "  Africa for me is a social inspiration , it 's my passion , " he says . "  We started with the fishing boats ... because I was astonished when I saw the beaches with these stylish boats but maybe this is just the beginning , " adds Llonch . "  There is a lot of creativity that we can use and we can take from African artists -- I want to continue to collaborate and discover the African talent , this is my aim . "	Artlantique produces furniture made from old fishing boats in Senegal Many of the colorful boats have sailed the Atlantic for 50 years The company 's creations can be found in stores in Europe , New York and Tokyo
CNN  -- Best known for its luxury massage chairs , Osim opened its first commercial outlet in the Philippines in February 2003 . Osim considers itself a global leader in branded healthy lifestyle products . Just two months later it launched iSymphonic , the world 's first massage chair synchronized to music , voted "  Invention of the Year " by Time magazine . In January 2007 it launched uPilot , a designer massage chair featuring ROBO-Stic technology for extensive personal massage control . Other pioneer products include iDesire , iMedic , iSqueez , iSense and iTango . Today Osim considers itself a global leader in branded healthy lifestyle products , offering more than 100 innovative products covering its four focuses of health , hygiene , nutrition and fitness , from massage chairs and air purifiers to health supplements and treadmills . Listed in the Singapore Stock Exchange , Osim operates an international point-of-sales network of over 1,100 outlets in more than 360 cities in over 28 countries in Asia , Australia , Africa , Middle East , United Kingdom and North America . Osim has also invested in the communities in which it operates . It has set up an ongoing endowment fund with the NUS Business School  National University of Singapore  called the Osim Professorship in Branding and Innovation . In Hong Kong , it involved celebrity Andy Lau to lift Hong Kong residents ' spirits during the critical SARS period . In 2004 , it helped raise funds for victims of the Asian Tsunami . Osim also supported The Healthy Walk Event in Taiwan , as well as major cultural events in Malaysia in 2005 and 2006 . Osim was Awarded the Most Transparent Company Award  Commerce  in SIAS Investors ' Choice Awards 2004 and 2005 . E-mail to a friend	Osim launched iSymphonic , world 's first massage chair synchronized to music In 2007 it launched uPilot massage chair , featuring ROBO-Stic technology Osim operates in Asia , Australia , Africa , Middle East , UK and North America
CNN  -- Longtime ABC News personality Barbara Walters was being treated for a cut on her forehead Sunday after a fall in Washington , the network said . Walters , 83 , suffered the cut after falling on a stair Saturday evening while visiting the British ambassador 's residence , ABC News Senior Vice President Jeffrey Schneider said in a statement . "  Out of an abundance of caution , she went to the hospital to have her cut tended to , have a full examination and remains there for observation , " Schneider said . "  Barbara is alert  and telling everyone what to do  , which we all take as a very positive sign . " Walters spent two decades as co-host and correspondent for ABC 's news magazine show "  20/20 . " She still reports on occasion . Since 1997 , she has been co-host of ABC 's daytime talk show "  The View . "	ABC 's Barbara Walters fell on a stair Saturday night at the British ambassador 's residence She went to the hospital as a precaution and remains there for observation , the network says
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Charlie Rangel temporarily stepped down as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee on Wednesday , a decision forced by a growing storm of ethics controversies threatening the longtime congressman . The 20-term New York Democrat told reporters he had submitted a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi requesting a temporary leave of absence until a broad-reaching House ethics committee investigation concludes . "  In order to avoid my colleagues ' having to defend me during their elections , I have this morning sent a letter to Speaker Pelosi asking her to grant me a leave of absence until such time as the ethics committee completes its work , " Rangel said Wednesday . In a statement , Pelosi said she had accepted Rangel 's request and praised the congressman for "  his decades of leadership on jobs , health care and the most significant economic issues of the day . " Read Rangel 's letter to Pelosi The night before Rangel said he had no plans to step aside from his powerful post . The Ways and Means Committee is responsible for drafting the nation 's tax policies . Rangel is being investigated for , among other things , failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic . The congressman also has admitted failing to report several hundred thousand dollars in assets on federal disclosure forms . In addition , he is under scrutiny for the purported misuse of a rent-controlled apartment for political purposes , as well as for allegedly preserving tax benefits for an oil-drilling company in exchange for donations to a project he supported at the City College of New York . Rangel was formally admonished Friday by the House ethics committee for violating rules on receiving gifts . Specifically , the committee found that Rangel violated House gift rules by accepting reimbursement payments for travel to conferences in the Caribbean in 2007 and 2008 . Rangel 's staff , according to the committee , knew that corporations had given money to the Carib News , which sponsored the events . That fact had not been divulged to the ethics committee when Rangel asked for and received approval to attend the trips , according to the committee 's report . The committee found that while Rangel did not know about the contributions , he was nevertheless responsible . A source told CNN on Tuesday that if Rangel stepped aside , senior Ways and Means Democrat Pete Stark would take over as the committee 's chairman "  on a temporary basis . " House Republicans plan to introduce a resolution Wednesday calling on Rangel to permanently step down and again force House Democrats to go on record defending him . They issued a statement after Rangel 's announcement , calling his decision to temporarily step aside an "  embarrassing episode " for the Democratic majority . "  Nancy Pelosi 's promise to run the ` most ethical Congress in history ' has been reduced to a punch line , and as a result she is presiding over a caucus in chaos , " said GOP spokesman Ken Spain . "  The Democrats -- under Speaker Pelosi 's leadership -- are incapable of leading the United States Congress . " House Democrats have blocked previous GOP resolutions on the House floor , but several Democrats in competitive districts have come out publicly in recent days , saying they thought it was time for Rangel to step down . Rangel is a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus , which has 42 members in the House . CNN 's Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Republicans plan to call for Rep. Charlie Rangel to step aside permanently Rangel investigated for failing to pay taxes on Dominican Republic home House ethics committee admonished him for violating rules on receiving gifts House Ways and Means Committee responsible for drafting nation 's tax policies
CNN  -- Trains and text messages made a deadly combination when two locomotives collided head-on last year near Los Angeles , California , witnesses told an investigative panel this week . Firefighters and investigators inspect the wreckage a day after a train collision in California killed 25 people . Metrolink commuter train engineer Robert Sanchez missed a stop signal while trading text messages with a friend on September 12 , leading to a collision with a Union Pacific freight train that killed Sanchez and 24 other people in Chatsworth , California . The accident injured 101 people and caused $ 10.6 million in damages , according to a report by federal investigators . One National Transportation Safety Board member worries other disasters loom on the nation 's rail system . "  One train , one day , one crew . It raises questions for me as to what the heck else is going on out there , " said Kitty Higgins , chairwoman of a two-day NTSB hearing in Washington on the accident . Sanchez violated his employer 's safety rules by even having a cell phone in the cab of the locomotive , a supervisor testified . Watch what investigators found " Phone records show Sanchez was not only texting a friend just 22 seconds before the collision , but he also had made plans to allow the same friend to actually operate the train . This was a text conversation four days before the crash : -LSB- Sanchez to friend -RSB- : "  I 'm REALLY looking forward to getting you in the cab and showing you how to run a locomotive . " -LSB- Friend to Sanchez -RSB- : "  OMG dude me too . Running a locomotive . Having all of that in the palms of my hands . " -LSB- Sanchez to friend -RSB- : "  I 'm gon na do all the radio talkin ' ... ur gon na run the locomotive & I 'm gon na tell u how to do it . " At the hearing , officials said Sanchez had been caught with a cell phone twice before . Once another employee turned him in , another time a manager called his phone to see if it was with him in the train cab . "  The engineer 's cell phone rang . It was in his briefcase on the other side of the train . I told the engineer that he was in violation of our policy , " Rick Dahl , who was a safety manager with Metrolink at the time of the accident , told the NTSB investigative panel . Federal regulations do not cover cell phone use by train crews . Records also indicate Sanchez previously had allowed unauthorized people to ride in the cab , and one person even sat at the controls while the train was operating , investigators said . Phone company records indicate the Union Pacific freight train conductor , who was not named and who survived , also sent a text message about two minutes before the collision , but no other crew member sent or received any messages while on duty , investigators said . That train crew followed all signals and other procedures properly , according to an NTSB timeline . The Metrolink train stopped at a station for 57 seconds to allow passengers to exit and board the train , according to an animation of the timeline presented at the hearing . "  The engineer is required to call all signals and indications via radio , " Dahl testified . Sanchez did not call any of the last three signals before the crash , investigators determined . The freight train was supposed to move onto a siding to allow the Metrolink train to pass , but it never got there because the commuter train ignored a stop signal and intercepted it at a curve . The freight train was just emerging from a tunnel in the rugged Topanga Canyon , and the trains were visible to each other in the curve for only about five seconds , according to the report . At the time of impact , the Metrolink train was traveling about 42 mph and the Union Pacific train 41 mph . The freight train braked for two seconds before impact ; the commuter train did n't brake at all , according to onboard data recorders . Investigators found no problems with the signals , the trains ' brakes and radios or the tracks . The Union Pacific conductor 's blood and urine tested positive for marijuana , but no other crew member 's from either train did . A final report on the Southern California crash is months away . A month after the crash , former President Bush signed into law a bill requiring the railroad industry to implement by 2016 a rail-traffic control system akin to the familiar air-traffic control system in the nation 's airports . Such a system had been on the NTSB 's "  wish list " since 1990 , an agency press release said . "  Many lives will be saved as a result of this legislation , " NTSB Chairman Mark V. Rosenker said at the time . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	NTSB : Train engineer missed stop signal just before crash September crash in California killed 25 , injured 101 Railroad rules prohibit cell phone use ; federal regulations do n't Engineer planned to let friend operate train , records indicate
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Even as FEMA rushes sandbags , generators and pumps to the flooded Midwest , a government report questions the agency 's ability to distribute relief supplies effectively during major disasters . Rex Hipes walks on a sandbag wall Wednesday as Clarksville , Missouri , battles a rising Mississippi River . Field employees for the Federal Emergency Management Agency still rely on ad hoc computer systems and , in some instances , paper forms , to order and distribute goods , said the report , which was released Tuesday . Cots , tarps and other items donated by outside agencies and charities are not easily integrated into FEMA 's supply chain , the report said . Field personnel also could place duplicate orders for disaster goods because some of the agency 's computer systems do n't talk to each other , it said . "  As a result , FEMA may be hindered in its ability to perform disaster response in an effective and timely manner , " the report said . The report by Department of Homeland Security Inspector General Richard Skinner was written before a series of storms flooded communities in the Midwest this month . Watch people return to flood-damaged homes in Iowa . " In a lengthy response , FEMA said it already had identified the same shortcomings , had taken steps to upgrade its logistics systems and was on track to improve other systems in the coming months and years . It was not immediately clear how some of the logistical problems identified in the report might affect relief efforts for this month 's flooding , FEMA 's biggest challenge since hurricanes Katrina and Rita struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 . The response to those storms exposed deep flaws within the agency , including breakdowns in its ability to track food , water , ice and other supplies . Congress responded by reorganizing FEMA , with the agency chief reporting directly to the DHS secretary . FEMA maintains eight permanent distribution centers across the United States and its territories that are stockpiled with supplies and office equipment . But FEMA 's logistics systems do not track disaster goods from initial shipment to final delivery , Skinner said . During disasters , goods are shipped from the distribution centers to federal operational staging areas , or FOSA locations , and then to state facilities or points where the goods are distributed to victims . The agency 's order tracking system follows goods to the FOSA locations but does not track their subsequent distribution , according to the report . FEMA managers must contact field personnel regularly during disasters , forcing the latter to "  spend time and effort " to track inventory , the report said . Field personnel developed an "  eFOSA system " to track inventory , but the system does not operate on the FEMA network , the report said . The agency has asked a contractor to upgrade the order tracking system , but field personnel say the upgrade will make the system "  slower and less user-friendly , " the report said . The system also does not provide information about goods shipped to FOSA locations by other agencies , such as the Army Corps of Engineers . For instance , it was unable to track cots provided by the American Red Cross during California wildfires in 2007 , according to the report . And FEMA personnel use two separate systems to track commodities , such as food and water , and property , such as generators and cell phones , according to the report . "  Without a comprehensive system , FEMA personnel must spend extra time and effort to manage goods , " the report said . "  For example , when distribution center personnel prepare a kit of furniture and supplies for a field office , it requires numerous steps to complete the shipment . "	Federal report : Communication problems may hinder FEMA 's relief effectiveness FEMA 's logistic systems do n't track goods from shipment to distribution , report says FEMA says it already has identified the problems and is upgrading systems Report : Field personnel say order tracking system upgrade will make system slower
CNN  -- As I write this from the breakfast bar in my house , I just now finished eating a Lean Pocket for lunch . And it was awesome . Those delicious , microwavable little bastards complete me . But , despite the fact that this particular food-like product does , in fact , emphasize the word "  lean , " I did n't actually eat it because I 'm concerned about my weight . I ate it because I have embarrassingly low standards . Tonight 's dinner : Something edible . Fortunately , I live alone and , unless my dog 's palate suddenly shifts from Beggin ' Strips as the gold standard for fine cuisine , there 's really nobody here to judge me . Nevertheless , Lean Pockets do claim , at least by name alone , to be somewhat easy on the waistline . Which is a good thing , because , according to a new trending study , heterosexual women may be more attracted to men who are thin . Not surprisingly , 9 out of 10 belts agree . Though , to be fair , that 10th belt is really kinky and likes being dominated . "  Yes ! Yes ! Stretch me to the limit ! Oh , it hurts so good ! Now burn me with your cigarette ! " "  Whoa , belt . That just got weird . " The study , first published in Proceedings of the Royal Society B and later reported in LiveScience , quickly became a popular read throughout the Internet after it sort of debunked the idea that most women are instinctively drawn to guys who posses "  evolved " macho features . Or what you might call PBM : Protective Boyfriend Material . This , of course , does n't necessarily mean that ladies are n't attracted to masculinity , but the recent findings by Vinet Coetzee of the University of Pretoria in South Africa simply suggest women might subconsciously focus first on a man 's weight -- or lack thereof -- before rejecting him for other reasons . Unfortunately , the finer details of the study get fairly complicated beyond that . But somehow it all oddly boils down to the strength of a man 's immune system . Apparently , somewhere in a woman 's brain -- most likely in a weird , strategic spot that blocks her ability to care deeply about the importance of a baseball player 's on-base percentage -- there 's a little chunk of gray goo that instantly determines whether or not a man 's genes are worthy enough to pass on to future generations . For example , the average heterosexual woman 's brain will make the following immediate determinations : Channing Tatum : Mate . Now . Seth Rogen : Proceed with caution . Carrot Top : Run like hell . And immunity , the study says , has long been considered a major factor in these immediate genetic determinations . So , tying this back to the importance of being thin , Coetzee explains , "  We found that a man 's weight serves as a better indicator of the relationship between immune response and attractiveness than masculinity does . It is therefore more likely that Latvian women use weight , rather than masculinity , in their subconscious judgments of a man 's immunity . " The interesting word there is "  Latvian . " I do n't really know if it matters or not that the female lusting tendencies of a small Baltic country of just over 2 million people have the honor of speaking for women all over the planet , but , alas , that 's who they used for the study . And I approve . They seem nice . Besides , where else should they have done their research ? Florida ? "  According to our results , all women instantly swoon for a man in jorts . " Unless it 's Carrot Top .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at the social Web This week , Jarrett ponders a popular study saying women prefer skinny men Or , at least women in Latvia -- that 's where the study was conducted Science says it boils down to immune systems -- not jeans shorts
CNN  -- A manhunt was under way Wednesday for a man suspected of killing three people and wounding seven others , some critically , in a workplace shooting in Cupertino , California , and of a subsequent attempted carjacking nearby . Police identified the suspect as Shareff Allman and said he is about 45 years old . However , CNN affiliate KGO reported the man 's first name was spelled Shareef . The shooting occurred about 4:15 a.m.  7:15 a.m. ET  at the Permanente Quarry , said Santa Clara County Sheriff Laurie Smith . Authorities believe Allman entered a meeting , armed with a handgun and an assault rifle , and opened fire . Two people died at the scene , Smith said , and a third was pronounced dead later at a hospital . According to Santa Clara County sheriff 's Sgt. Jose Cardoza , witnesses reported the incident lasted "  no more than two minutes . " At about 7 a.m.  10 a.m. ET  , Allman was believed to be involved in an attempted carjacking on the Hewlett-Packard campus in Cupertino , about five miles away from the quarry , Smith said . A woman was shot and sustained non-life-threatening injuries . The suspect did not obtain the woman 's car , the sheriff said . He is believed to have fled on foot . Cardoza said earlier the weapon used in the attempted carjacking was a handgun similar to that used in the workplace shooting . Authorities found Allman 's vehicle at a service station close to the site of the attempted carjacking , Smith said . Police recovered a shotgun , a handgun and two assault rifles , she said . Residents of the area in suburban San Jose have been alerted that a suspect is at large , Smith said . Many schools in the area were closed and Cupertino 's emergency operations center was activated . Allman is believed to be armed and dangerous , Smith said . She described him as a "  disgruntled employee " of the quarry . He has a "  minor criminal record , " the sheriff said , with the latest incident in 1996 . Authorities have been in touch with Allman 's family , she said . KGO reported that Allman is a community television host who regularly preaches about non-violence . Hewlett-Packard asked employees at the Cupertino campus not to report to work Wednesday , KGO reported . HP said in a statement the woman injured in the attempted carjacking was an HP contract employee and was in stable condition at a hospital , the station said . The Santa Clara County government describes the Permanente Quarry as "  a limestone and aggregate mining operation in the Santa Clara County foothills . " CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll now stands at 3 , police say NEW : A manhunt is under way for the suspect Witnesses say shooting lasted "  no more than two minutes , " sheriff 's official says The shooting took place at the Permanente Quarry , officials say
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho was precisely as we had remembered him . Provocative , outspoken , manipulative , supremely confident , and utterly compelling . The only thing lacking in the Portuguese 's first campaign back in charge at Chelsea was the usual glut of trophies . But if you listened to the former Real Madrid and Inter coach opine on the English Premier League title race last season , his side was never in the running . Despite managing a club owned by Roman Abramovich , who is worth a reputed $ 10 billion , Mourinho decried his team as the "  little horse " in the scurry for the finish line . This season , ominously , his tone is different . The acquisition of two big names from Spain -- Cesc Fabregas of Barcelona and Diego Coasta from La Liga champion Atletico Madrid -- has taken his squad onto a different plane , while the return of stalwart Didier Drogba adds an unashamedly sentimental sheen . "  We have the squad that we want to have , " Mourinho told reporters on the eve of the new season . "  It is a squad for tomorrow , for next season and also a squad with big possibilities for the next five or 10 years with so many young people . " Chelsea may have finished third last season , but Mourinho 's tactical prowess was still in evidence . Not only did he propel the Londoners to home and away wins over eventual champion Manchester City , he did the same to Liverpool -- a morale-crushing 2-0 victory at Anfield in late April was the beginning of the end for the Reds ' title aspirations . It was against the lesser lights Chelsea faltered , but with his squad now bolstered by yet more quality , Mourinho 's charges wo n't be as generous this time around . Verdict : Surely , a third Premier League title under Mourinho awaits . MANCHESTER CITY Champion twice in the past three seasons , City might have to play second fiddle to Mourinho and Chelsea in 2014-15 . Last season 's triumph was a mass of contradictions -- for large parts of the campaign big-spending City was considered favorite but became ultimately reliant on Liverpool 's last-gasp stumble to claim top honors . Manuel Pellegrini 's charges spent just 15 days at the top over the whole campaign ; the irony of this season may well see it spend more time at the summit without finishing as top dog . The club 's Chilean coach is a year older and wiser as to the travails of English football however , and it has lavished more cash on fleshing out a squad that already has more depth than an Olympic swimming pool . City has raided Portugal to prise Fernando and Eliaquim Mangala from Porto , while goalkeeper Willy Caballero and Bruno Zuculini have arrived from Spain . That quartet 's lack of English experience has been offset to a degree by the arrival of two seasoned Premier League campaigners plucked from City 's rivals . Frank Lampard , a three-time title winner , has joined on loan from City 's subsidiary club New York City FC after being released by Chelsea , while France defender Bacary Sagna has signed from Arsenal . As ever , City 's success will hinge on its twin titans : midfielder Yaya Toure , who has resolved to stay at the club despite threatening to leave after he received a modest birthday present ; and prolific Argentina striker Sergio Aguero , who has signed a new five-year contract . Verdict : Close but no cigar as City settles for second best . MANCHESTER UNITED This is where the waters become muddied . Can Louis van Gaal transform Manchester United into a serious title contender by sheer force of personality alone ? The great Alex Ferguson was able to , propelling his team to title success in his final season despite notable deficiencies in his squad . But those holes remain -- not filled by David Moyes in his disastrous sole season in charge -- even if June 's purchase of Ander Herrera from Athletic Bilbao in Spain will add some much-needed creativity in the middle of the park . Promising English left-back Luke Shaw has also been added for what many believe to be a vastly inflated sum , but the 19-year-old will miss the opening month through injury . For all its limitations , this is still a team that boasts a strike force as lethal as they come . Wayne Rooney , newly installed as Van Gaal 's captain , needs 15 goals to move third on the Premier League 's all-time scorers list . And Robin van Persie 's four goals at the World Cup were crucial as Van Gaal led Netherlands to third place in Brazil . There are no European Champions League distractions for United after last season 's malaise , finishing a lowly seventh , so the squad should stay fresh and hungry . Whatever happens , it wo n't be dull with Van Gaal around . Verdict : An up-and-down season to end in third place . ARSENAL The Gunners have become masters of deception in recent years . Promising Premier League campaigns have frittered away and shots at silverware squandered . That is precisely what happened in the top flight last season . Arsenal spent 128 days atop the division in 2013-14 but suffered maulings at the hands of Chelsea and Liverpool as a familiar post-Christmas slump took hold . A spike as spring emerged helped usher in Champions League qualification for the 17th straight year but then came a watershed moment in May -- an FA Cup triumph . Victory over Hull City in England 's premier knockout competition slaked a nine-year thirst for a trophy and eased the pressure on Arsene Wenger that had been steadily mounting throughout that time . A change of direction that began with the marquee signing of Mesut Ozil from Real Madrid this time last year has continued , with Â # 66 million  $ 110m  spent ahead of the new campaign . The purchase of Alexis Sanchez from Barcelona after his fine World Cup with Chile has convinced many fans the Gunners can stay in title contention as 2014-15 reaches its business end . In taking right-back Mathieu Debuchy from Newcastle United , Wenger has replaced departing Frenchman Bacary Sagna with an equally competent compatriot . Colombia World Cup star David Ospina represents competition for Wojciech Szczesny in the race for the goalkeeper 's jersey and teenage defender Calum Chambers -- who cost a reported $ 25 million from Southampton -- indulges Wenger 's "  one for the future " passion . Another couple of signings before the window shuts on September 1 could catapult the London side into the title reckoning , but a top-four finish should still be comfortable even without . Verdict : A fast start before a predictable fade to fourth place for the third successive season . LIVERPOOL How do you replace Luis Suarez ? The simple answer is you ca n't . The Uruguayan 's move to Barcelona may have engendered an $ 128.5 million windfall , but he takes with him wistful memories of a luxuriant season that reaped 31 goals and 12 assists . Manager Brendan Rodgers has chosen to disseminate that cash liberally , rather than try to plug the gap with one marquee signing . That has one obvious advantage and one undeniable negative . Eight new arrivals means Liverpool 's options are now rich and plentiful but , as Tottenham found out so painfully when trying to replace Gareth Bale last season , it is rare they all hit the ground running . Add to that a phalanx of extra games now that the Reds are in the European Champions League after an absence of four seasons , and repeating last year 's push for the title seems unrealistic . The likes of Adam Lallana and Dejan Lovren , both plucked from Southampton , have Premier League and World Cup experience while the likes of midfielder Emre Can and striker Divock Origi have huge potential -- though the latter , who scored Belgium 's winner against Algeria at Brazil 2014 , has been loaned back to French club Lille . Rodgers ' renowned man-management skills will be tested as he and aging captain Steven Gerrard attempt to bed the new arrivals into the Liverpool way . Unless assimilation takes less time than expected , this season is destined to become one of transition for the Reds . Verdict : A fifth-place finish after a long winter of adjustment . . Which team do you think will win the title ? Have your say in the comments box below or continue the conversation with CNN FC on Twitter or on Facebook .	The 2014-15 English Premier League season starts on Saturday Chelsea , led by Jose Mourinho , is favorite to lift its first title since 2011 Defending champion Manchester City has added six players to its squad Manchester United hoping to restore glory under new boss Louis van Gaal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Despite a five-year hiring surge , the Federal Aviation Administration is at risk of not having enough senior air traffic controllers for its busiest and most critical facilities , where they are needed to run operations and train less-experienced controllers , according to the agency 's independent inspector general . Nearly one-third of the senior controllers at the nation 's most critical facilities are eligible for retirement , according to a report by the FAA 's office of inspector general . At a Dallas-Ft . Worth FAA facility , 65 % of the controllers are eligible for retirement , it says . Meanwhile , trainees are quitting jobs at high rates at those same demanding , high-volume facilities , according to the report . Between fiscal year 2008 and fiscal year 2010 , critical facilities lost 40 % of their trainees to attrition , well above the national average of 24 % , the report says . The problems now are a legacy of the 1981 air traffic controller strike . That year , President Ronald Reagan fired more than 11,000 controllers after they refused to return to work , and the FAA hired thousands of predominantly young controllers to replace them . In recent years , those controllers have become eligible for retirement , forcing the FAA to ramp up its hiring and training programs . The inspector general 's report looks at 21 facilities deemed "  critical " to the nation because of the high volume of air traffic they control . The list includes several control towers at the nation 's busiest airports -- Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson , Chicago O'Hare and the New York area 's Kennedy , Newark and LaGuardia fields -- as well as several regional and high-altitude facilities . The FAA said Monday it has "  progressively improved " hiring , training and certification of new controllers and has increased its ranks of senior controllers , known as "  certified professional controllers . "  More than 5,000 Certified Professional Controllers have been produced over the past five years as part of a hiring and training plan designed to ensure safe and efficient operations , " the agency said in a statement . "  The FAA continues to meet overall goals for hiring , training time to certification and number of certified controllers . " The FAA told the inspector general 's office it recognizes the "  failure rate " of new controllers is unacceptably high at some facilities and is addressing the issue . The office said that while the FAA is getting better at allocating staffing , "  ot still has not provided the training support these complex facilities need to slow attrition and ensure the success of new hires . " It gave five recommendations , but said the FAA has satisfied three of them and is taking steps to address the other two .	The situation tracks back to the 1981 air traffic controller strike Then-President Reagan fired more than 11,000 striking controllers The FAA hired thousands of predominantly young controllers as replacements Those controllers have become eligible for retirement
OPRAH.com  -- Personally , I like my pizza deliveryman to do one thing : bring me my dinner . But mention this guy to a group of women , and , while most of us will think of cheesy pies with tomato sauce , a good number of us will conjure up that hilariously bad porn cliché , the randy fellow who 's always ready to accept sex in exchange for a medium sausage and mushroom . Some pornographers are marketing to women . Notwithstanding how lame the cliché is , or how simply bad most porn is  and after ten years as a professional reviewer of the stuff , I can report that much of it is very bad  , the fact is , millions of women use and enjoy "  explicit sexual imagery . " What 's perhaps more surprising , given the latest scientific research , is that more of us do n't . In the first three months of 2007 , according to Nielsen/NetRatings , approximately one in three visitors to adult entertainment Web sites was female ; during the same period , nearly 13 million American women were checking out porn online at least once each month . Theresa Flynt , vice president of marketing for Hustler video , says that women account for 56 percent of business at her company 's video stores . "  And the female audience is increasing , " she adds . "  Women are buying more porn . "  They 're creating more of it , too : Female director Candida Royalle 's hard-core erotic videos , made expressly for women viewers , sell at the rate of approximately 10,000 copies a month .  Watch man fired over porn-star wife " Meanwhile , science is finally buying into the idea that women are at least as stimulated by porn as men . In a 2006 study at McGill University , researchers monitored genital temperature changes to measure sexual arousal and found that , when shown porn clips , men and women alike began displaying arousal within 30 seconds ; men reached maximum arousal in about 11 minutes , women in about 12  a statistically negligible difference , according to the study  . Even more compelling were the results of a 2004 study at Northwestern University that also assessed the effect of porn on genital arousal . Mind you , a copy of "  Buffy the Vampire Layer " and a lubed-up feedback device is n't most girls ' idea of a hot night in . But when the researchers showed gay , lesbian , and straight porn to heterosexual and homosexual women and men , they found that while the men responded more intensely to porn that mirrored their particular gender orientation , the women tended to like it all . Or at least their bodies did . Oprah.com How to feel good naked But that 's the hitch : Even when our bodies respond to what we 're seeing , not every woman feels empowered to enjoy the show . For years we 've been told that we wo n't -- or should n't -- be turned on by porn , end of story , sleep tight . The message has come from all sides -- from conservative Christian organizations  "  Traditionally , women are far more likely to engage in wistful , romantic fantasies than crude scenes of people engaging in sexual acts , " Kathy Gallagher , cofounder of Pure Life Ministries , has written  to the radical feminist Catharine MacKinnon  who says porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rape  . When everyone tells you that what you might be curious about , or even secretly like , is wrong , bad , sleazy , and shameful , you do n't have to cast a line very far to land a set of inhibitions . And , indeed , many a smart , strong , sexually self-reliant girl has popped in a porn DVD and ejected it just as quickly because she saw something that offended her or made her uncomfortable . I 've heard from many women that they do n't like the sense of being "  out of control " they get from watching porn -- that disconnect between how their body is feeling and what their brain is telling them is acceptable . I like to remind these women that porn wo n't make you do anything you did n't already want to do before you pressed Play on the "  Edward Penishands " DVD . Oprah.com : What you still do n't know about sex I 've also heard , plenty of times , that porn degrades women . That argument always makes me wonder about gay male porn , which lots of women appreciate for all its hunky hotties in flagrante . If heterosexual porn degrades women , does gay porn degrade men ? What about porn made by women -- is that degrading , too ? For me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness -- the ridiculous costumes , the awful cinematography , the ludicrous story lines , the terrible acting  not to mention how scary the close-ups sometimes look , how fake the boobs are , how some starlets really sound like injured animals ...  . And yet in my research and experience , the biggest roadblock for women  and men  to enjoying explicit imagery is the fear that they do n't "  stack up " to the bodies and abilities of the people onscreen . Erotic models and actresses bring up a whole range of adequacy issues , from breast size to weight , from what you look like "  down there " to the adult acne we all periodically fight . But it 's worth remembering that if porn performers looked like you and me , they 'd be out of a job . They 're abnormally thin , they get cosmetic surgery literally  and sometimes frightfully  from head to toe , they have makeup in places you 'd be surprised makeup can be applied , they shave and wax everything imaginable , and they 're weirdly flexible . They occupy a tiny end of the gene pool , and that 's why they 're capable of acting out fantasy sex . Oprah.com : 5 secrets of the female orgasm Though I 've sometimes felt that my job as a porn reviewer  for Web sites like FleshBot.com  is akin to being a canary in a bad-taste boys ' club mine shaft , I 've seen a change in quality in the past few years that I think is a direct reflection of the growing female audience . As more discriminating viewers , we 've demanded better porn -- and lo , it is being made . Women are changing the market . Director Maria Beatty 's gorgeously shot movies  all of which feature strictly lesbian action  look like 1920s noir films with sex , but not explicit sex -- just a lot of tease and dreamy outfits and music . And Comstock Films , maker of high-quality , documentary-style , real-couples videos , aggressively markets to women with the simple tagline "  Women love real sex . " So just what do we love about it ? First , the way it lets us satisfy our very normal , very human sexual curiosity . If you 're like me , you 're the kind of woman who 'll peep at Pam Anderson 's new boob job just to see the latest installations . But it 's not just what the bodies look like , it 's what they look like aroused -- and what they can do . Watching people have sex can be fascinating . Porn is also a fun and versatile toy . Sure , I sometimes feel like I need Google Earth to show me where the good porn is , but once I find it , I can figure out what to do with it faster than you can click Zoom In . Explicit sexual imagery is an aphrodisiac ; it sends a direct current buzzing from our brains to our groins . Like a reliable vibrator , it can be a great tool . With porn , women like me get to experiment with making adult choices and trying on new fantasy ideas , just as we might try a different brand of condom for a change . We do n't have to think of rationality and animalistic urges as mutually exclusive . If we desire , we can let them play together like tennis doubles . Porn is one more pleasure to add to life 's sexual buffet , one that can be enjoyed with a partner or alone . And if "  Shaving Ryan 's Privates " winds up giving you more giggles than orgasms , then the only casualty is ... Ryan 's privates . By Violet Blue from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Porn reviewer : For me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness Hustler video exec : Women account for 56 percent of business at company Critic : Porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rape
Be it a Russian submarine or be it not , whatever has been lurking beneath the waves of the Stockholm archipelago since last week is not only drawing threats of martial force from Sweden 's military , it 's also getting on Lasse Schmidt 's nerves . He putters around the archipelago with tourists in a small decommissioned military sub originally designed as a target for naval battle exercises . And now some of his countrymen are gunning for him . They think his submersible is what the navy detected as a potential intruder into its sovereign waters on Thursday . The military has been trawling the Baltic waters ever since . The news has his business ' phone ringing , with more people booking tours . But most of the calls are annoying , he says . "  Many people believe we caused this military operation , " Schmidt said , "  and they call to demand that we pay the bill for it . " Minesweepers Schmidt has continued the tours despite the underwater drama , informing the navy closely about his moves , and cutting a wide berth around the battleships , minesweepers and helicopters looking for a suspicious something . The government wo n't say what that something is , but Sweden 's press is reporting the military is looking for a submarine , maybe a Russian one . Swedish intelligence picked up a radio distress call last week -- in Russian -- which set off the defensive reconnaissance , major daily newspaper Svenska Dagbladet reported . The transmissions were directed at the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad , 330 miles  530 kilometers  south of Stockholm , on the Baltic 's southern shore , The Local reported . Red October The search has reignited Cold War intrigue reminiscent of the blockbuster movie "  The Hunt for Red October . " A Swedish military spokeswoman warned Tuesday that they "  are prepared to use anything necessary to bring the vessel to the surface if we need to . " The same day the military called underwater tour operator Schmidt . "  They ... told us to cancel the trip because of security reasons , " he said . "  I assumed something had happened . " There were reports in the press that ships hovered for an extended period over one spot . Moscow has said it has no vessel in Swedish waters and suggested Sweden ask the Netherlands if it is one of theirs stationed nearby . The Dutch said it was n't , according to an Agence France-Presse report . Vulnerability Confirmation may be hard to come by , former NATO commander James Stavridis wrote in an analysis for CNN . Subs are hard to find , especially in a rocky archipelago . "  The rocky floor of an inland sea like the Baltic can mask acoustic signatures , " he said . That blunts the ability of searchers in the air and on sea to identify an underwater object . Also , the Swedish Navy and Air Force , like many European militaries , have cut back on funding for submarine defenses since the end of the Cold War , Stavridis says . "  Anti-submarine warfare was something they would have needed against the USSR during the Cold War but less so during pre-Ukrainian crisis days with Russia , " he says . Despite the increase in tourist interest in the undersea wonders near Stockholm , nothing has turned up during Schmidt 's forays . "  I have not done any observations myself , " he says . But others apparently have . Swedish authorities have received hundreds of reported sightings . They say they are hopeful that at least one of them is useful .	Helicopters , battleships and minesweepers hunt for vessel Emergency radio call in Russian picked up by Swedish military , report says Russia denies any vessel in Swedish waters Expert : It 's easy to a submarine to hide in coastal waters
Washington  CNN  -- Preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon is a national security interest of both Israel and the United States , President Barack Obama said Sunday in calling for continued diplomatic efforts but also pledging that all options -- including a military effort -- remain viable . "  All elements of American power " remain an option to stop Iran from becoming a nuclear power , including "  a military effort to be prepared for any contingency , " Obama told the American Israel Public Affairs Committee  AIPAC  , a pro-Israel lobby group . At the same time , Obama made clear that he preferred diplomacy over war both as a principle and in the case of Iran , and he warned that "  too much loose talk of war " with Iran only benefits the Iranian government by driving up the price of oil . The remarks came against a backdrop of growing international concern that Israel may attack an Iranian nuclear facility . Israel and the United States accuse Tehran of seeking nuclear weapons despite the Iranian regime 's insistence that its program is for peaceful purposes . Obama 's speech was intended to allay concerns in Israel and in the American Jewish community that he lacked commitment to support an Israeli attack . The president stated his policy was not containment of a nuclear Iran , but preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . At the same time , he emphasized that Iran "  should not doubt Israel 's sovereign right to make its own decisions about what is required to meet its security needs . " While Obama 's position was consistent with his past pronouncements , his specific reference to preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon -- rather than the capability of building a nuclear weapon -- maintained what some consider to be a difference from Israel 's position . Israeli officials say that if Iran was able to enrich weapons-grade uranium , it would potentially cross the "  red line " of nuclear weapons capability that Israel fears . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet with Obama on Monday at the White House to discuss that issue and others before speaking at the AIPAC conference . In a statement issued after Obama 's speech , Netanyahu expressed appreciation for the president 's position that all options were on the table to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon . "  I also appreciated the fact that he made clear that when it comes to a nuclear-armed Iran , containment is simply not an option , and equally in my judgment , perhaps most important of all , I appreciated the fact that he said that Israel must be able to defend itself , by itself , against any threat , " Netanyahu said . To Trita Parsi , the president of the National Iranian American Council who wrote the book "  Treacherous Alliance - The Secret Dealings of Iran , Israel and the United States , " Obama ' s speech showed that a difference continues to exist between the United States and Israel on Iran . Israel "  argues that the only acceptable guarantee that Iran does not get a nuclear weapon is for Iran to have no enrichment program , " Parsi said in an email . "  The Obama administration puts the red line not at enrichment -- which is permitted under international law -- but at nuclear weapons . This is a clearer , more enforceable red line that also has the force of international law behind it . " In his remarks Sunday , Obama defended what he called his administration 's consistent record of supporting Israel economically , diplomatically and militarily -- including U.S. military assistance and blocking anti-Israel efforts at the United Nations . Noting the current political season in the United States with an upcoming election in November , Obama also said U.S. support for Israel should be a bipartisan issue . He dismissed criticism of his record by Republicans , saying "  it 's not backed up by the facts . " "  There should not be a shred of doubt by now , when the chips are down , I have Israel 's back , " Obama said to applause . Before Obama spoke , Republican operative Liz Cheney said during a panel discussion that no U.S. president had done more to undermine Israel than Obama . David Harris , the executive director of the American Jewish Committee , said he doubted Obama 's speech would satisfy everyone . While some will embrace Obama 's core message of an ironclad commitment to Israel , others will question why Obama did n't go further in specifying his intentions regarding Iran , Harris said . In addition , Harris said he expected the Republican presidential candidates , when addressing the conference this week , to "  mince few words on Iran , " something that is easier to do "  as they do n't have to directly bear the consequences of their words . " In an unusual move last week , the Democratic National Committee sent out a video aimed at fending off potential Republican attacks over Obama 's Israel policies . Earlier Sunday at the opening of the AIPAC conference , Israeli President Shimon Peres accused Iran of plotting to control the Middle East , and warned "  it will be stopped . " Israel "  does not seek " war , Peres said , adding : "  Peace is always our first option . But , if we are forced to fight , trust me , we shall prevail . " Speaking just before Obama , Peres said , "  The United States and Israel share the same goal : to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon . There is no space between us . Our message is clear : Iran will not develop a nuclear weapon . " "  Iran is an evil , cruel , morally corrupt regime , " Peres said . "  It is based on destruction . It is an affront to human dignity . Iran is the center , the sponsor , the financier of world terror . Iran is a danger to the entire world . It threatens Berlin as well as Madrid , Delhi as well as Bangkok . " Israel blames Iran for recent attacks apparently aimed at Israeli diplomats in Thailand and India . "  Iran 's ambition is to control the Middle East , so it can control a major part of the world 's economy , " Peres said . "  It must be stopped . And it will be stopped . " Obama has argued that a military attack on Iran may not be the key to resolving nuclear concerns . "  At a time when there is not a lot of sympathy for Iran and its only real ally ,  Syria  is on the ropes , do we want a distraction in which suddenly Iran can portray itself as a victim ? " Obama said last week in an interview with The Atlantic . He made the same contention Sunday , saying history showed that the only way to truly halt nuclearization is when countries halt their programs themselves . In his speech Sunday , Peres helped create a welcome reception for Obama . "  I know your commitment to Israel is deep and profound , " Peres said . "  Under your leadership , security cooperation between the U.S. and Israel has reached its highest level . Ladies and gentlemen , we have a friend in the White House . " The remarks may help shore up election-year support for Obama among Jewish voters . In his later remarks , Obama praised Peres as a leader and a living example of Israel 's history and values , and announced he would award Peres the presidential Medal of Freedom -- America 's highest civilian honor -- at the White House later this year . The audience responded with a long ovation that Obama joined from the podium , and Netanyahu later said in his statement that he congratulated Peres on the Medal of Freedom and called it "  a great honor for the State of Israel . " While the prime minister is the head of Israel 's government , Peres holds some authority as president including serving as head of state and appointing some senior officials . On the other major issue of U.S.-Israeli relations , Peres also called the principle of a two-state solution with Palestinians "  a paramount Israeli interest . " He noted that he meets "  from time to time " with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad . "  They need and they want peace . I believe that peace is possible . They are our partners for peace . Not Hamas . " Peres also had a message for Syrians facing a violent crackdown on an uprising against the regime . "  The Middle East is undergoing its greatest storm in history , with horrible bloodshed in Syria , where a tyrant is killing his people , killing his children , " Peres said . "  I admire the courage of the Syrian people . And I wish them peace and freedom from the depths of all of our hearts . In spite of the storm , we have to reach out to the young generation in the Arab world , to those who strive for freedom , democracy and peace . " CNN 's Josh Levs , Kevin Flower , Joe Sterling and Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Netanyahu says he appreciates Obama 's remarks on Iran An analyst says Israel and President Obama differ over defining Iran 's nuclear threat Obama says he prefers diplomacy but keeps all options available Israeli President Peres praises Obama 's "  deep and profound " commitment to Israel
CNN  -- A day after world No. 1 Serena Williams suffered one of the worst losses of her career at the WTA Finals , second-ranked Maria Sharapova was n't that much better . Sharapova 's hopes of reaching the semifinals in Singapore -- not to mention overtaking Williams as the year-end No. 1 -- are hanging by a thread following a 6-3 6-2 defeat to Petra Kvitova on Thursday . But Williams rebounded in Thursday 's last match by crushing an out of sorts Eugenie Bouchard 6-1 6-1 . Kvitova famously beat Sharapova at Wimbledon in 2011 to open her grand slam account but the Czech had lost five in a row to the U.S.-based Russian . Sharapova hit six double faults and was broken five times as she fell to 0-2 in the White Group . Never one for excuses , she refused to blame the result on fatigue two days after Caroline Wozniacki outlasted her in a grueling three-hour contest . "  I do n't feel tired , " Sharapova told reporters . "  I 'm happy to be here . I 'm happy to be part of this event . "  It 's easy to sit here and say , ` Yeah , I 'm tired . ' But that 's not the way I feel or the way that I choose to speak . " Kvitova improved to 1-1 while the resurgent Wozniacki remained a perfect 2-0 after earlier topping Agnieszka Radwanska 7-5 6-3 . Sharapova -- who won her lone year-end title 10 years ago -- must now beat the 1-1 Radwanska on Friday to have any chance of advancing . But even a win wo n't guarantee a spot in the semifinals . For Sharapova to become the year-end No. 1 , she now has to win the tournament and hope Williams does n't make the final . "  I still have a match ahead of me , and I will do my best to finish it on a good note , " Sharapova said . "  That 's the only thing I can ask of myself . " Simona Halep routed Williams 6-0 6-2 in the Red Group on Wednesday , prompting the 18-time grand slam winner to say she was "  embarrassed " with her performance . She was far better versus a Bouchard who has done little since reaching the Wimbledon final . "  Yesterday was tough for me but I had to put it behind me , " Williams was quoted as saying by the WTA . "  My coach really helped me out and to focus on today , telling me that I 'm still in the tournament , even though I felt like I was out of it after such a tough loss . " Bouchard escaped a 0-40 hole on serve in the first game but then lost 11 consecutive games to trail 6-1 5-0 . The Canadian finished with an 0-3 record and did n't claim a set . If Ana Ivanovic does n't beat Halep -- who has already qualified for the semifinals -- in straight sets Friday , Williams and Halep progress to the last four .	Maria Sharapova loses to Petra Kvitova in straight sets at the WTA Finals Sharapova needs to win her final group match to have any chance of progressing Serena Williams recovers from a bad defeat Wednesday to crush Eugenie Bouchard Caroline Wozniacki improves to 2-0 after downing Agnieszka Radwanska in straight sets
London , England  CNN  -- A taxi driver shot in the back by Cumbrian gunman Derrick Bird has described how he dived for cover as he watched Bird shoot a friend in the face . Twelve people were killed in a shooting rampage which began in the port town of Whitehaven on Wednesday and ended with Bird , also a taxi driver , apparently shooting himself near a remote Lake District village . Don Reed said he watched in horror as Bird walked up to a taxi rank in Whitehaven and shot another driver , Darren Rewcastle , at point blank range . "  He turned up and shouted ` Darren ' before walking up to him and taking his face off . I saw it . He just shot him , " Reed , a former soldier , told the Liverpool Echo . "  Then Derrick pulled up by me , raised his shotgun and got me in the back as I took a flying dive . Half the bullet got me and the other half went into a shop window across the road . " Reed said his military training "  kicked in " as he crawled away on hands and knees , using cars for cover . "  I got next to Darren Rewcastle on the floor . His face was gone . I stood up and Derrick came forward as I tried to open taxi doors to put between us . " Bird then drove away , shooting several other taxi drivers in the town , the Echo said . Reed said he had known Bird for 20 years . He said Bird had been on vacation to Thailand with some of his victims . "  I have n't a clue why he did it , it 's beyond my comprehension , " Reed told the Echo . Reed was taken to a local hospital for treatment for a gunshot wound and later released . A local taxi firm owner said Bird had been involved in a dispute with other drivers at the rank -- including Rewcastle -- who he had accused of taking "  fares " from the back of the queue . "  There 's been an argument on the rank which was in relation to taking people off the back of the rank , instead of sending them to the front , " he told the UK 's Press Association . "  It 's an ongoing thing . It came to a head on Tuesday night and maybe , with any other problems Derrick had , it contributed to his behavior . " Meanwhile residents of the village of Boot have spoken of how their idyllic Lake District hamlet became the center of a frantic police manhunt as cars were forced off the road and drivers witnessed a woman shot in the face . "  Two cars came screeching down , one after another because they had been almost road-raged off the road by this bloke . After that they saw him shoot the girl in the face , " Rose Bogg , 63 , told PA. . Bogg said residents were warned to stay indoors . "  There were helicopters around the place because they were searching for him ... It was really scary . We knew he was in the area and we had heard he was on foot by then but nobody knew exactly where he was . " After two hours , Bogg and her husband heard that the gunman had shot himself nearby . "  This is just an out of the blue thing . Everyone is very shocked , " she said .	Taxi driver ducked for cover as a colleague was shot dead at point blank range Don Reed , a former soldier , was shot in the back by gunman Derrick Bird Bird was involved in a dispute with other taxi drivers , cab firm owner says Bird eventually found dead in Lake District village following police manhunt
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian investigators combing two subway stations attacked by female suicide bombers think Chechen rebels may have been behind the rush-hour strike that killed dozens of people . "  Our preliminary assessment is that this act of terror was committed by a terrorist group from the North Caucasus region , " Alexander Bortnikov of the Federal Security Service said of the investigation at one of the blast sites . "  We consider this the most likely scenario , based on investigations conducted at the site of the blast , " Bortnikov said . "  Fragments of the suicide bombers ' body found at the blast , according to preliminary findings , indicate that the bombers were from the North Caucasus region . " Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said the "  terrorists " responsible for the Moscow subway attacks Monday "  will be destroyed . " "  We are providing Moscow metro with additional CCTV cameras . Today 's events show we should not only continue this work but to make it more effective . Changes in legislation may be necessary . " The two explosions that rocked the subway stations in central Moscow during rush hour killed at least 38 people and wounded more than 60 others , spawning widespread public outrage . "  It 's disgusting , " one witness said . "  I do n't know who did it and what they wanted . Life is so short . How could people commit such terrible acts ? " Although they have yet to claim responsibility , Bortnikov 's statement is a strong implication that Chechen rebels fighting for independence were behind the strike . How Chechen rebels threaten Russian stability Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechens displaced in the Chechen rebels ' almost 20-year conflict with Moscow . The area is in the North Caucasus region of Russian between the Black and Caspian seas . A timeline of Chechnya violence The first blast occurred at 7:56 a.m. at Lubyanka subway station , the Ministry of Emergency Situations reported on its Web site . The Lubyanka station is near the Kremlin and Federal Security Service headquarters . The Federal Security Service is Russia 's intelligence agency . Another blast happened about 40 minutes later at Park Kultury station , on the same train line . Three Moscow hospitals were treating the wounded , the ministry said . Are you there ? Send photos , video , stories Yulia Shapovalova of Russia Today TV was at the second station at the time of the blast . "  The staff members started urgently evacuating people , so that meant they probably knew about the first blast at the Lubyanka station , " she said . "  All the people -- a huge crowd of people -- slowly started to move . ... As soon as I got upstairs , I heard the blast . " iReporter takes images of the scene "  It was a terrorist act carried out by the female suicide bombers , " Moscow Mayor Yury Luzhkov said of the first and most lethal explosion , citing the Federal Security Service . "  They were specifically timed -- for ... the train was nearing the station -- to make the most damage . " Both stations reopened about 5 p.m. Moscow time , according to Veronica Molskaya from the Press Service of the Russian Emergencies Ministry . In St. Petersburg , three metro stations were shut as the result of a bomb scare . Millions of commuters use the Moscow metro system every day . An estimated 500,000 people were riding trains throughout the capital at the time of the attacks . It was unclear when the system would return to normal service , and the incident generated fear among commuters . "  I feel scared , " one woman said on TV . "  I have to walk to get to work , because there is no way I 'm going by Metro . " The attacks reverberated around the globe . U.S. President Obama condemned the "  outrageous acts " and passed along his condolences . "  The American people stand united with the people of Russia in opposition to violent extremism and heinous terrorist attacks that demonstrate such disregard for human life , " Obama said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she will offer her condolences to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Monday in Ottawa , Canada , where the Group of Eight foreign ministers are meeting to plan for the June G8 meeting in Canada . "  This brutal assault on innocent civilians is another reminder that terrorism is a threat to peace-loving people everywhere and must be met with unwavering resolve , " she said . "  Together with our G8 partners , we will discuss how to further strengthen international counter-terrorism coordination and cooperation . " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday that there have been no reports of U.S. citizens killed in the Moscow attacks . The federal Transportation Security Administration said there is "  no specific or credible information indicating an imminent or current threat to U.S. transportation systems , " even though some local authorities have decided to beef up security measures in some cities . New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said police are stepping up security in the New York City subway system . In Washington , Metro , the operator of the city 's transit system , said it is expanding security in light of the Moscow attacks . Coincidentally , it had a terror drill this past weekend and is holding another one Monday . Why no subway is safe from terror Amtrak , the national passenger rail network , said there is "  no specific threat " to its system , but its police assigned to the FBI 's National and Regional Joint Terrorism Task Force "  remain informed regarding any potential threats and other security issues . " In Atlanta , Georgia , MARTA 's police department has heightened security measures throughout the transit system . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was "  appalled " by the incident and sent condolences to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , according to Britain 's Press Association . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack and said he "  is confident that the Russian authorities will bring to justice the perpetrators of this heinous terrorist attack . " Interpol , the international police agency , condemned the attacks and offered help to Russian authorities in the investigation . Interpol 's executive director of police services , Jean-Michel Louboutin , called the actions "  despicable and senseless attacks targeting the public . " CNN 's Matthew Chance , Paul Courson and Eddie Demarche contributed to this report .	38 people killed , 60 wounded , government ministry reports First blast occurred near Kremlin and nation 's intelligence service World leaders offer condolences to Russian people U.S. transit systems step up security
San Francisco  CNN  -- If somebody pulled out a gun on a crowded train you were riding on , would you notice ? These people did n't . Why ? They were too into their smartphones , a San Francisco prosecutor says . The September killing of 20-year-old Justin Valdez on that busy train was shocking enough . The shooter , apparently picking the victim at random , shot the San Francisco State University student in the back . Also shocking , the prosecutor says , was the initial actions of bystanders . Or inaction . 800 texts in one week ? Diaries of 3 smartphone addicts "  Some are no more than two to three feet to him , " said San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon "  We 're seeing people that are so disconnected to their surroundings . This is not unique . People are being robbed , people are being hurt , people are being run over by cars because they 're so disconnected because of these phones . " A suspect has been arrested for the killing and pleaded not guilty , authorities said . But the phenomenon of witnesses being distracted by technology may continue , Gascon said . "  Just for our own safety , would n't you want to know if somebody standing next to you is pulling a gun out ? I think I would , " Gascon said . The security footage of the incident is chilling . The man , donning a baseball hat and smile , lifts a .45 - caliber handgun in plain view , three or four times . He waves the weapon as if choosing who he wants to kill . At one point , he even wipes his nose with the gun . But nobody seemed to notice until the blast goes off . Though this is an extreme and violent example , there are others . You may remember the woman who was so absorbed with texting that she fell right into a mall fountain . Or you remember the guy who was so engrossed in his phone he almost walks right into a black bear . But those were just harmless viral videos that many have laughed at . This is different , especially for San Francisco State University students . "  That 's just people 's stupidity , I guess , ignorance of what 's happening around them , " said Whitney Bulmer . And there is no sign that this will end . The other day at the same train stop where Valdez boarded for the last time , a group of college students milled around , most of them too focused on their phones to notice a CNN camera focused on them . How to cut your kids ' cell phone addiction Can your cell phone bring down a plane ?	A college student was killed on a train in San Francisco DA : The gunmen waved his gun around and showed it before the shooting Nobody noticed the gun before the shooting , DA says
CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Thursday that a new Middle East -- one "  without Zionists and without colonialists " -- was quickly emerging as regional bonds grow stronger by the day . The hard-line leader made the comments after a meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus on Thursday . "  The whole world should know that Iran will stand behind the Syrian nation to the end , " Ahmadinejad said in remarks aired on Iran 's state-run Press TV . "  Regional bonds are very strong . " His comments came during a two-day visit to Damascus that follows efforts by the United States to weaken ties between Iran and Syria . President Obama recently nominated veteran diplomat Robert Ford to be the new ambassador in Damascus , ending a five-year diplomatic hiatus there and sparking talk of a renewed relationship . But Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has tempered the thawing of relations by saying that Washington remains concerned with Syria 's close ties to Iran . "  No one has enlightened her to comment on regional issues , " Ahmadinejad said , slamming Clinton 's statements as interfering . "  The whole U.S. government has no impact whatsoever on regional relations . " Tensions between Washington and Tehran have risen over Iran 's nuclear program , which Iran insists is intended for civilian use but the United States believes is intended for developing weapons . Assad voiced strong support for Iran and brushed off U.S. sentiment . "  I find it strange how they talk about Middle East stability and at the same time talk about dividing two countries , " he said . The meeting between Assad and Ahmadinejad sparked a harsh reaction from Israeli President Shimon Peres . "  The time has come to speak the truth , " he said in a written statement . "  The problem in the Middle East is not the Palestinians . The Palestinian problem will be resolved through the peace process in Israel . The central problem in the Middle East is Iran 's attempt to reach hegemony over the Arab lands . " "  The source of the problem is Ahmadinejad 's megalomania . Assad must choose what he wants -- to join the Iranian camp of evil and terror or to make peace with Israel , " he said . He called on Assad to sit down with Israel to reach a peace agreement .	Iran 's Ahmadinejad , Syria 's Assad pledge mutual support U.S. recently sent ambassador to Syria for first time in five years Clinton interferes in the two nations ' relations , Ahmadinejad says U.S. policy is contradictory , Assad says
CNN  -- A recent pair of racially charged political incidents in the South illustrate the pitfalls -- and potential benefits -- that await the national Republican Party leadership if it makes good on an oft-repeated pledge to woo black voters away from the Democratic Party . In Florida , Republican candidate for Congress Glo Smith recently made national news when unknown vandals destroyed one of her campaign signs by spray-painting her face white -- a reference to the ugly , warped idea that black candidates who run on the GOP line are outcasts from the black community who are "  acting white . " In Mississippi , the bitter endgame of the recent Republican runoff between incumbent Sen. Thad Cochran and tea party challenger Chris McDaniel included a telephone press conference held by Cochran 's aides that was interrupted by an anonymous caller insistently asking : "  If black people were harvesting cotton , why is it OK to harvest their votes ? " It was a sign of the rage expressed by McDaniel that Cochran 's razor-close 1.6 % win was made possible by an unusual last-minute appeal to Democratic black voters , who crossed party lines to supply the margin of victory . Cochran 's victory is expected to hold up despite a long-shot legal challenge by McDaniel . And Smith is soldiering on toward her August 26 primary , after which she faces an uphill battle against longtime incumbent Rep. Corrine Brown  Disclosure : Smith 's family and mine have been close for years  . The rough and tumble of Southern primary politics is nothing new , but the candidates should n't have to weather these recent attacks on their own . Now would be a perfect time for national party brass and congressional leaders to prove they believe their own rhetoric about GOP outreach to black voters . A committed , earnest effort would be good for the party , for black communities and for the nation . At present , Republicans are on a collision course with diversity that will , without a course correction , spell long-term disaster for the party . In 2012 , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney got only 17 % of nonwhite voters , and polls show only 2 % of Republicans are black and 6 % are Latino . Republicans ca n't allow those trends to continue in a nation where the nonwhite population is currently 35 % and expected to reach 57 % by 2060 . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has taken steps to broaden the party 's base : After the Romney loss , he committed $ 10 million in party funds to hire organizers tasked with building support in black , Latino and Asian communities . That 's a good start . Even better would be to funnel support -- money , "  ground troops , " advertising support and high-profile endorsements -- to candidates like Glo Smith when they are in the thick of battle . Even in an uphill battle like the challenge in Florida 's 5th District , the party must support black candidates who step forward and endure abuse for running as Republicans . Opinion : What GOP can learn from Cochran 's use of blacks to win Smith 's not alone . This year , the fact that 11 black Republicans are running for office -- a record high number -- should be a major point of pride for the national party , and a high priority for when directing resources . Ditto for the fact that Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina is an odds-on favorite to make history this year : If elected to a full term in November , Scott -- who was appointed in 2012 to finish out retiring Jim DeMint 's term -- will become the state 's first elected black Republican senator . Black voters have been solidly Democratic voters since the 1960s , but some black voters gravitate toward Republicans positions on bread-and-butter issues like support for charter schools and pro-growth economic policies . And many black church-goers find the GOP a comfortable political home for their culturally conservative views on school prayer , abortion and same-sex marriage . If Republicans are smart , they 'll continue to build on those points of agreement . Even smarter would be to seize the opportunity presented by Cochran 's gambit in Mississippi . Having relied on black voters to rescue his candidacy , Cochran is now expected to return the favor by fighting against restrictive voter ID laws and by steering federal financial support to black colleges and universities . Both measures make sense in the state that is the poorest in the nation and has the largest percentage of blacks . If Cochran holds up his end of the deal , Republicans might have a road map for ways to broaden their appeal as the 2016 presidential election approaches . In this climate of political polarization , the key to the political center lies with candidates and political parties with the nerve and creativity to form broad coalitions that cross traditional boundaries . Southern black voters and candidates are showing they are ready to make that kind of deal . Here 's hoping party leaders take them up on the offer .	If Republicans do n't get more minority support , it will spell future disaster GOP must support black candidates who endure abuse for being Republican GOP must keep promises to nonwhites : They are 35 % of the population GOP should form broad coalitions that cross traditional boundaries
CNN  -- Authorities on Monday discovered a package in a mailroom at the University of Colorado - Anschutz Medical Campus apparently sent by the alleged gunman responsible for the theater shooting that left 12 people dead and scores injured , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation said Wednesday . It was sent to the school 's campus in Aurora , where the suspect , James Holmes , had recently dropped out of a Ph.D. program in neuroscience . CBS News reported that the package was addressed to a psychologist at the university . "  Sources say the letter was from a pent-up Holmes to one of his professors , " the news organization reported . "  In it , he talked about shooting people and even included crude drawings of a gunman and his victims . " Warning signs of violence : What to do School officials said in a statement that a package discovered at the Facilities Services building on Monday had been delivered to the campus by the U.S. Postal Service that same day and was turned over to authorities within hours of delivery . "  This package prompted the building 's evacuation at 12:26 p.m. and employees were allowed to return by 3:06 p.m. , " the statement said . School administrators said that Holmes had taken his preliminary examinations at the school on June 7 . A source familiar with Holmes ' academic status said the 24-year-old suspect did "  poorly " on the oral exam . Three days later , Holmes initiated his withdrawal from the program . "  It 's very unusual , very unusual for a student to withdraw from our program , " Dean Barry Shur told reporters on Monday . Holmes did not divulge his reason for leaving the elite program . "  That area of the form was left blank , " Shur said . Meanwhile , a composite image began to emerge of Holmes as a child ; his classmates at Castroville Elementary School in northern California , where he grew up , referred to him as "  Jimmy . " But that picture revealed no immediate answers as to possible motive . "  He was top of the class , " Adam Martinez said . "  He was ahead of every student academically . " Martinez added , "  He got along well with everybody . " Holmes ' fifth-grade teacher there said the matter has led to introspection . "  It 's really disturbing to be so close to something like that -- bothers you to your essence , " Paul Karrer said . "  And particularly , as a teacher , you 're thinking , this is one of my kids . And then you also think : Could I have done anything ? Or did I see anything ? Did I miss anything ? You know , could I have done anything to have prevented this ? Did I do anything to cause this ? The answer is no , but that 's what you think and that 's how you feel . " Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers As of Wednesday evening , five area hospitals were still caring for 17 patients , six of whom were in critical condition . Several of the hospitals said they would pay for the medical care of uninsured victims out of charity funds . Holmes made his first court appearance Monday . The man who identified himself to police as "  the Joker " will continue to be held without bond . He is to be formally charged July 30 . Meanwhile , families grappling with Friday 's carnage were beginning to bury the dead . On Wednesday , a memorial service was to take place for 51-year-old Gordon Cowden , who took his two teenage children to see the midnight premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Cowden 's children survived the shooting inside the Aurora theater . Nine miles away , visitation was to take place for Micayla Medek , a 23-year-old woman who had been working toward her college degree . Those who were wounded still face the specter of permanent injury and long recovery periods . In Aurora , actor Christian Bale , star of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " visited a memorial for the dead and met Tuesday with survivors , CNN affiliate KDVR reported . Stories of survival : Newborn a ` silver lining ' One of the victims , Carey Rottman , posted a picture of Bale visiting him in his hospital room on Facebook . "  Wow ! Thank you so much for the visit Christian ! What a great guy ! Still in shock ! " Rottman wrote , KDVR reported . Petra Anderson suffered four shotgun wounds , including one to her head . But thanks , in part , to a brain abnormality , she survived , her pastor said . "  The doctor explains that Petra 's brain has had from birth a small ` defect ' in it , " Brad Strait of Cherry Creek Presbyterian Church in Englewood , Colorado , wrote on his blog . "  It is a tiny channel of fluid running through her skull , like a tiny vein through marble , or a small hole in an oak board , winding from front to rear . " "  Like a marble through a small tube , the defect channels the bullet from Petra 's nose through her brain . It turns slightly several times , and comes to rest at the rear of her brain . And in the process , the bullet misses all the vital areas of the brain . In many ways , it almost misses the brain itself , " he said . Anderson has started physical and speech therapy and can walk , talk and laugh , said Andrew Roblyer , a family friend . Brain condition saves victim Shooting victim Caleb Medley 's wife , Katie , gave birth to their son , Hugo Jackson Medley , Tuesday morning . Both the mother and baby were doing well , the University of Colorado Hospital said . But Caleb Medley , who was shot in the head , lost an eye and suffered brain damage . "  The surgeon came and talked to us and said he 'd be in ICU at least a week , " said Medley 's friend , Michael West , who set up a website to help take care of medical bills and the needs of Medley 's family . By Wednesday afternoon , it was more than halfway toward its goal of $ 500,000 . "  I knew it was going to rack up in the hundreds of thousands , if not millions , " West said of his friend 's expected medical expenses . Medley , who had been doing standup comedy routines in Denver and was working full-time at Target , had no health insurance , his brother Seth said . Chloe Anderson has set up a similar fund for her sister , Petra Anderson , an aspiring musician who was also shot in the head . In a video posted Sunday asking for funds , Chloe Anderson notes that her mother was preparing to undergo cancer treatment later this month when Friday 's shooting occurred . "  My sister 's hospital bills on top of that are making the financial reality look pretty daunting , " she says . "  So that 's why we are reaching out to you -- the people who have already asked us what they can do to help . " By Wednesday evening , the fund had received more than $ 184,000 with a goal of $ 250,000 . Money is also streaming in to GivingFirst.org , which is accepting donations for the shooting victims and their relatives . By Tuesday , the amount had reached almost $ 2 million , Gov. John Hickenlooper said . "  The needs will be great and we look forward to seeing the fund grow exponentially , " he said . "  This money will help those impacted by this tragedy begin to recover and rebuild their lives . " Hickenlooper said donors include Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures , co-producers of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Victims remembered through poignant stories Sources at Warner Bros. studios told CNN the company made a "  substantial " donation . Warner Bros. , a subsidiary of CNN 's parent company Time Warner , would not divulge how much money it was giving out of respect for the victims , the sources said . Shooting suspect Holmes booby-trapped his Aurora apartment with more than 30 homemade grenades and 10 gallons of gasoline , a law enforcement official who viewed video showing the apartment 's interior has told CNN . The sophisticated setup inside the sparsely furnished third-floor , one-bedroom apartment was meant to harm , or possibly kill , anyone who entered -- and tested the skills of bomb squad members charged with clearing it , the official said . Tenants of the three-story , brick apartment building were allowed to return Wednesday night to sleep in their apartments for the first time since early Friday , when police went door-to-door and rousted them . The Holmes family issued a statement Friday saying , "  Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved . " It added , "  We are still trying to process this information . " Focusing on the victims , not the shooter Opinion : Aurora heroes -- Three who gave their lives Gun background checks in Colorado spike after shooting CNN 's Tom Watkins , Holly Yan , Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Scott Zamost , Elwyn Lopez , Carol Cratty , Poppy Harlow , Dana Ford , Breeanna Hare , Alta Spells , Ed Lavandera , Nick Valencia and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	"  He got along well with everybody , " a former grade-school classmate says Letter inside package "  talked about shooting people , " CBS News reports , citing sources School officials say the package was turned over to authorities within hours of delivery A woman shot in the head survives , thanks in part to a brain abnormality
CNN  -- With its post-apocalyptic setting , Giancarlo Esposito in the role of endearing villain , and J.J. Abrams as an executive producer , creator Eric Kripke 's "  Revolution " is a surefire hit -- on paper . In fact , NBC ordered a full season of "  Revolution , " which also stars Billy Burke , after airing just three episodes , which is the same amount of time it took the network to axe "  The Playboy Club " last year . Yet , it seems viewers become more disillusioned with the freshman drama each week . Still , with its mid-season finale airing tonight , "  Revolution " has garnered competitive ratings , and helped NBC win November sweeps for the first time in nine years . On Tuesday , CNN.com commenter Bret wrote , "  I 've watched every episode , but I 'm ready to give up " on the show , which takes place 15 years after a global blackout causes the government to collapse and prompts militias to take over . "  The story moves at a snail 's pace , " Bret continued . "  Even if we buy the science behind the show 's premise , the individual episodes are so infuriating with their slow pace and stupid and unbelievable character interaction that I 'm not watching anymore . " As with many new shows , ratings for "  Revolution " have declined since its September 17 premiere drew 11.7 million viewers and a 4.1 rating among adults 18 to 49 . Of late , ratings leveled off at about 7 million viewers and a 2.6 rating . Despite NBC 's apparent confidence , "  Revolution " will soon embark on a three-month hiatus , to return on March 25 , so it can continue benefiting from its current lead-in show , "  The Voice . " As Yahoo! TV 's Dave Nemetz notes , a long hiatus "  could be deadly . There are a ton of new shows coming out in January that could step in and take that audience away . " But it 's likely that if "  Revolution " does n't succeed during the second half of its first season , it wo n't be because of winter break . "  A lot of people wanted to see how the world reacted when the power went out , " Nemetz said . "  They were disappointed that , basically , the story jumped forward and they did n't get to see the aftermath . " Sure the show revisits these moments in flashbacks , but viewers "  do n't want to derail the storyline in the current time to keep going back , " Nemetz said . "  People have been burned with shows like ` Lost ' and ` Heroes . ' They get invested in them , and seasons later they still do n't have answers to the questions they tuned in for , so they get a little disillusioned and give up . That might be happening earlier than usual  with ` Revolution '  . " As CNN.com commenter Martyr2 wrote on Wednesday , "  I ca n't believe ` Revolution ' continues to be a success . I was really interested in it at first but I think it has really lost steam . " Apart from pace , it 's the shows characters that seem to anger viewers . Though fans appear to enjoy Burke as protagonist Miles Matheson and Esposito  "  Breaking Bad "  as Major Tom Neville of the Monroe Militia , Tracy Spiridakos in the driver 's seat as Charlie Matheson has n't been as well received . In October , The Huffington Post 's Maureen Ryan wrote , "  If Spiridakos has any strengths as an actress  and that 's not at all apparent  , the show 's writers have n't learned to write to them , and every week , despite ` Revolution 's ' general efficiency and the skills of its other cast members , there 's a clunky Charlie moment that makes me want to delete the show 's Season Pass from my DVR . " CNN.com commenter Bret agrees : "  Charlie is such an annoying , whiny , stupid character . It 's not all the fault of the actor . The writers give her such dumb dialogue . Danny  Graham Rogers  is a much more interesting character , but the entire season is spent trying to rescue him  from the militia  . " While other supporting characters like Zak Orth 's Aaron Pittman and Elizabeth Mitchell as Rachel Matheson have garnered more positive feedback , TVLine.com editor-at-large Matt Webb Mitovich reminded viewers not to get too attached in an October recap : "  NBC 's ` Revolution , ' in its fourth outing , busted out one of the oldest tricks in the book : inviting us to care , more than we had done to date , about a major-ish character , before killing that person off . " "  I believe that people love exploring ` What if ? ' scenarios , and the one at the heart of ` Revolution ' is compelling , especially in an era where so many of us are ` wired in ' and immersed in a digital age , " Webb Mitovich told CNN via e-mail . "  If anything  detracts  from the ` Revolution ' experience -- and mind you , this is a show whose producers vetted with a physicist the very foundation of the global blackout -- it is other ` leaps ' and lapses in continuity , " he continued , "  such as the seemingly fresh-from-Urban Outfitters wardrobe and a surprising dearth of bicycles . "	"  Revolution " has helped NBC win November sweeps for the first time in nine years NBC ordered a full season of the Billy Burke-starrer after airing just three episodes Ratings for "  Revolution " have declined since it premiered in September
CNN Student News  -- September 5 , 2014 At the NATO meeting in Wales , leaders are discussing everything from ISIS to Ukraine to Afghanistan . Across the U.S. , arguments are being made for and against raising the federal minimum wage . And in Guatemala , a CNN Hero is giving his students new hope for the future . It 's all included in this Friday 's edition of CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What holiday does the U.S. celebrate on the first Monday in September ? 2 . Kim Jong Un is the leader of what communist Asian country ? 3 . What is the name of Britain 's prime minister , who supports new laws aimed at preventing terrorism ? 4 . What kind of farm is the London Array ? 5 . What African country has been fighting the Al-Shabaab terrorist group , which wants to turn the nation into a fundamentalist Islamic state ? 6 . What is the federal minimum wage in the U.S. ? 7 . What Eastern European country , which borders Russia , did President Obama visit on Wednesday ? 8 . In what West African country , which has been hit hardest by a recent Ebola outbreak , did an American doctor recently contract the disease ? 9 . In what U.S. state did the Little Rock Nine make history by integrating their high school ? 10 . What organization of 28 countries is currently meeting in Wales to discuss international events ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea on Monday proposed that "  all hostile military activities " with South Korea "  come to a complete halt " this week , but it attached a number of conditions that Seoul is likely to reject . The North 's highest military body , the National Defense Commission , issued a statement calling for South Korea to halt intrusions at sea and firing drills near islands close to the two countries ' disputed maritime border . The commission also said it wanted South Korea to stop "  attracting " U.S. military hardware , including strategic bombers and a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier , into the region . And it asked that South Korea cancel its planned joint military drills with the United States in August . Seoul and Washington have dismissed previous demands from North Korea for joint U.S.-South Korean drills to be called off . North Korea said that ending the hostilities , starting Friday , would help improve the atmosphere between the two sides ahead of "  exchanges and contacts that are scheduled to actively happen between North and South . " The South Korean Defense Ministry declined to comment on the North Korean statement Monday . Tensions have flared periodically between the two Koreas in recent months , notably along their maritime boundary , known as the Northern Limit Line . In late March , the two sides both fired hundreds of shells across their western sea border . Last month , the South Korean Navy fired warning shots after three North Korean patrol boats crossed the line . And a few days later , North Korea fired at least two shells near a South Korean patrol boat in the Yellow Sea . North Korea has also carried out a series of missile and rocket launches into the sea , drawing criticism from South Korea , the United States and the United Nations . North and South Korea remain technically at war after the Korean War ended in a cease-fire , not a peace treaty , in 1953 . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul ; Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong	NEW : The South Korean Defense Ministry declines to comment on the proposal North Korea calls for an end to hostilities starting Friday But it makes a number of requests unlikely to sit well with South Korea They include ceasing intrusions at sea and canceling joint drills with the U.S.
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A police officer in Los Angeles who claimed he was shot while patrolling near a high school has now been arrested for making up the story , authorities said . Officer Jeff Stenroos of the Los Angeles Unified School District Police Department had said he was shot in the chest on January 19 in the west San Fernando Valley . He said the shooting happened when he got out of his squad car to check on a man peering into parked vehicles near the El Camino High School . The alleged shooting prompted an hours-long lockdown of several schools as police scoured the area looking for the shooter . In the following days , authorities released a sketch of the alleged gunman , and the reward for information grew to $ 100,000 . But Thursday night , Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said Stenroos had been arrested on a felony count of filing a false police report . "  The current state of the investigation refutes Stenroos ' initial account of the incident and we are now certain that there is no outstanding suspect in this shooting , " he said in a statement . Beck said detectives followed up on more than 350 clues , carried out several neighborhood canvasses and distributed "  countless " fliers seeking information . After the shooting , a Good Samaritan used Stenroos ' radio to call for help and tended to him until medics arrived . The officer 's protective vest had prevented the bullet from entering his body . Beck 's statement Thursday night did not elaborate on how Stenroos may have acquired his wound . "  While I understand the media and the public 's intense interest in this investigation , and the desire for answers to the many questions that will be asked with this new development of the officer 's arrest , I can not provide more detailed information at this time , " he said . CNN 's Scott Thompson and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report	The officer says he was checking on a man who was peering into vehicles Police release a sketch of the gunman , locks down schools and offers a reward The officer is later arrested for filing a false police report Police : Investigation "  refutes Stenroos ' initial account "
CNN  -- The American Psychological Association is calling on state and federal officials to stop anti-gay legal measures and to legalize same-sex marriage . The scientific and professional organization 's guiding body voted unanimously at its annual meeting this week in Washington to declare its support for "  full marriage equality for same-sex couples . " The resolution "  clarifies the Association 's support for same-sex marriage " in light of new research , the group said . A similar resolution in 2004 opposed discrimination against same-sex relationships , but refrained from a more formal policy recommendation . Dr. Clinton Anderson , APA associate executive director , said that the timing of the resolution is an indirect result of several states ' legalization of marriage . "  We knew that marriage benefits heterosexual people in very significant ways , but we did n't know if that would be true for same-sex couples , " said Anderson , who is also director of the APA 's Office on Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Concerns . Now that six U.S. states permit same-sex marriage , researchers have been able to conduct studies with those couples . The research , Anderson said , indicates that marriage "  does confer the same sense of security , support , and validation " to same-sex couples as to heterosexual ones . The resolution also points to evidence that ongoing political debate about marriage creates stress for gay men and lesbians and perpetuates stigmas and prejudice about their communities . This stress can make people physically and psychologically sick , the APA says , calling the link between stress and illness "  well established . " Maggie Gallagher , chairman of the board of the National Organization for Marriage , takes issue with the assertion that legalizing same-sex marriage would improve community acceptance of homosexuality . "  There is no evidence that gay teens are better off in Massachusetts , a state that has gay marriage , than they are in Wisconsin , a state which has passed a marriage amendment defining marriage as one man and one woman , " she said in an e-mail response to CNN . Gallagher continued , "  The release of this statement is unfortunately going to undermine confidence in APA statements generally , I would predict . " Both the National Organization for Marriage and the APA are skeptical of one solution to the gay-marriage debate : civil unions . Rhode Island NOM executive director Chris Plante is quoted in a press release on the NOM website calling the move "  nothing more than a Trojan Horse that will usher in same-sex marriage sooner rather than later . " Elsewhere on its website , NOM calls for dealing with legal and economic benefits separately from any discussion of marriage or unions . The APA also feels that civil unions miss the mark . "  Anything other than marriage is , in essence , a stigmatization of same-sex couples . Stigma does have negative impacts on people , " Anderson said . "  That 's the analysis that we 've come to and why we 've decided to support full marriage equality -- because domestic partnership or civil union will still convey the message that same-sex couples are not as good . "	American Psychological Association declares support for "  full marriage equality " APA : Studies show same-sex spouses have "  sense of security , support and validation " Traditional marriage advocacy group 's chair says there 's "  no evidence " for findings
Here we go : A new round of confrontation between the White House and Congress over the federal budget is in the offing , this time in a new attempt to avert the looming "  sequestration " process . What is sequestration ? It 's a series of automatic , across-the-board cuts to government agencies , totaling $ 1.2 trillion over 10 years . The cuts would be split 50-50 between defense and domestic discretionary spending . It 's all part of attempts to get a handle on the growth of the U.S. national debt , which exploded upward when the 2007 recession hit and now stands at more than $ 16 trillion . The sequester has been coming for more than a year , with Congress pushing it back to March 1 as part of the fiscal cliff deal at the end of the last session . By the numbers : Recent defense spending Why does this seem familiar ? It started with the 2011 standoff over the U.S. debt ceiling , when Republicans in Congress demanded spending cuts in exchange for giving the Obama administration the needed legal headroom to pay the federal government 's obligations to its bondholders . In the end , Congress and the administration agreed to more than $ 2 trillion in cuts . About $ 1 trillion of that was laid out in the debt-ceiling bill and the rest imposed through sequestration -- a kind of fiscal doomsday device that Congress would have to disarm by coming up with an equal amount of spending reductions elsewhere . What were they thinking ? The plan was that a special congressional panel , dubbed the "  super committee , " would find a less painful way to cut spending . It failed in November 2011 . That left federal agencies facing what outgoing Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called "  legislative madness " in the form of harsh cuts that no one wanted . "  For those of you who have ever seen ` Blazing Saddles , ' it is the scene of the sheriff putting the gun to his head in order to establish law and order , " Panetta said in a speech at Washington 's Georgetown University . "  That is sequestration . " But for many conservatives , sequestration is a feature , not a bug . It 's "  the first chance we have for real savings and deficit reduction , " the tea party-aligned lobbying group FreedomWorks tells supporters on its website . "  President Obama already agreed to the sequester savings when he signed the debt ceiling bargain into law , " FreedomWorks says . "  He needs to follow through . " Military pay in play in game of political poker Where will the cuts fall ? More than $ 500 billion will be cut from the Defense Department and other national security agencies , with the rest cut on the domestic side -- national parks , federal courts , the FBI , food inspections and housing aid . While the Pentagon has laid out plans ranging from furloughs of hundreds of thousands of civilian workers to combat readiness training and weapons maintenance , the White House budget office has n't specified which domestic agencies would take the biggest hits . Panetta says that the $ 46 billion in spending cuts for 2013 would cut sharply into military readiness -- and the longer the cuts are pushed back , the deeper they 'll have to be to achieve the required savings . Opinion : Republicans , be smart about defense cuts So now what ? Congress put off the sequester until March 1 as part of the last-minute fiscal cliff deal on New Year 's Day . Without that agreement , economists warned that the one-two punch of sequestration and the expiration of the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts could have thrown a still-struggling U.S. economy into reverse . Even with the fiscal cliff deal , the austerity moves already were slowing the economy , Obama suggested over the weekend . The Commerce Department said a large cut in federal spending , primarily on defense , contributed to the 0.1 % decrease in gross domestic product seen in the last quarter of 2012 . "  Washington can not continually operate under a cloud of crisis . That freezes up consumers , " Obama said during a pre-Super Bowl interview with CBS . "  It gets businesses worried . We ca n't afford these self-inflicted wounds . " How our tribes cause gridlock in Congress Tuesday , Obama urged Congress to pass a short-term deal that puts off the cuts , allowing some breathing room for a long-term deficit reduction plan . But Obama said any deal should include more revenue from ending some tax breaks -- a stance that inflamed Republicans who already had to swallow a tax increase for top earners in the fiscal cliff deal . "  I do n't like the sequester . I think it 's taking a meat ax to our government , a meat ax to many programs that will weaken our national defense , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Wednesday . But , he added , "  Americans do not support sacrificing real spending cuts for more tax hikes . "	Obama , Congress try to avert automatic budget cuts The $ 1.2 trillion in cuts were part of a plan to end the 2011 debt ceiling standoff Congress was supposed to replace them with other 10-year spending reductions , but failed
CNN  Iron Man , step aside . Captain America , take a breather . Women are taking over . Tuesday night 's premiere of "  Marvel 's Agent Carter , " which drew ecstatic reactions on social media , is just the latest example of more action series and films featuring women . In years past , we had shows such as "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " "  Xena : Warrior Princess " and "  Alias , " but lately it seems like female action heroes are popping up more than ever . Between "  Guardians of the Galaxy 's " Gamora , Scarlett Johansson 's roles as Black Widow and "  Lucy "  and soon to come , "  Ghost in the Shell "  and upcoming movies based on "  Wonder Woman " and "  Captain Marvel , " it has been a great time to see women have a chance to kick butt and take names . "  Agent Carter " is a special example , a spinoff of "  Captain America : The First Avenger " following the continuing adventures of Cap 's World War II girlfriend after the war was over and she believed him to be dead . Peggy Carter runs up against sexism in her office , where she 's relegated to fetching coffee and answering phones , but she goes on her own rogue action-packed missions , uncovering perhaps more than she bargained for . "  She 's capable and strong , but what we have n't seen are the emotional and psychological consequences of losing the love of her life , of living in a male-dominated environment , of being a triple spy and making sure that people around her do n't know who she really is , " star Hayley Atwell said . "  That creates feelings of isolation in her . " Atwell commented on where a lot of the strides for women in action roles have come from . "  It feels like we have great roles in Black Widow and Pepper Potts , and Marvel is leading the way for more female characters , " she said . "  The fans want to see it , and they 're exceeding their expectations . " Just like everything with Marvel , it can all be traced back to the comic books . 2014 was a banner year for female characters , with new series for the aforementioned "  Captain Marvel , " as well as "  She-Hulk , " "  Ms. Marvel " and "  Angela : Asgard 's Assassin . " Perhaps most significantly , the mighty Thor is now a woman . Not to be outdone , DC Comics  owned by Time Warner , as is CNN  revamped Batgirl and launched a new "  Sensation Comics " series featuring Wonder Woman , and a "  Harley Quinn " series . "  This is a ground-up phenomenon , " explained "  Ms. Marvel " writer G. Willow Wilson . "  This began with the fans . Part of it is because there 's gender parity of who goes to  comic book  conventions . It used to be overwhelmingly male . Now at New York Comic Con for example , it 's 50/50 men and women . As you bring in more female readers into the medium , they 're going to want to spend their money on stories they think are worth reading . " "  Five or six years ago , we probably had one female-led series on the stands , " pointed out Marvel editor Sana Amanat , who has made it her mission to make comics for women and other underserved demographics . "  When we came back with ` Captain Marvel ' a few years ago , the response was almost cult-like from the reactions we 've had from fans . The way we revamped the character resonated with a lot of the audience , especially female readers . " And Marvel is no stranger to pushing past the norm in comics . "  Marvel had ` X-Men 's ' Storm -- at that time , you would be hard-pressed to find a woman of color in a position of leadership , " Wilson noted . "  Now there 's much more freedom to tell authentic experiences that women readers will recognize . " "  Captain Marvel " writer Kelly Sue DeConnick writes stories about women she recognizes as well , whether they have superpowers or not . "  Carol  Danvers  is a woman who is very aware of her flaws , " DeConnick said of the Captain 's popularity  the fanbase is called the "  Carol Corps "  . "  She 's not perfect . She does n't pretend to be . She 's always trying to do a little better . She attracts people who have that same quality . Yes , Carol is short-tempered and can be very self-centered . But there are others who do the same . " Giving female characters flaws in comic books was tough in years past , according to "  Angela " writer Marguerite Bennett . "  There was an undercurrent of pressure to make  every lead female character  a role model , " she said . "  So often , you saw female characters written poorly . But if you write a character who always makes the right decision , it becomes very tedious very quickly . It 's great to have a character who can really screw up and make terrible choices . " Amanat has been very sensitive about how women are written in comics . "  The one way you can get women to read comics is to not talk down to them and to see representations of women that are strong and beautiful at the same time without being overly sexualized , " she said . "  They want to see themselves as sexy and beautiful , but they do n't want to be exploited . " And characters such as Agent Carter show how things have changed in portraying heroic women . "  There 's nothing inherently masculine about heroism , " said DeConnick . "  Female heroism has been underplayed because it does n't serve the default narrative . There 's nothing inherently masculine about telling stories with pictures , or wish fulfillment or even power fantasies . I 'm a 5-foot woman who 's always looked like a child ; I can teach any man in any room about power fantasies . " Who better to discuss the importance of heroic female characters than one of the first ? Before Wonder Woman  and certainly before Captain Marvel or Agent Carter  , there was Batgirl , as portrayed by Yvonne Craig on the "  Batman " TV series in 1967 and ' 68 . "  Women would see me at conventions and say ` When I was a little girl , I saw that girls could kick butt just as well as guys if they wanted to , and it was that character that made that apparent to me , ' " Craig said . "  Men would say , ' I married my wife because of that character ; she showed me women could be so much more than we were conditioned to believe in those days . ' " Nearly 50 years after Craig 's Batgirl , we 're seeing how female heroes can inspire people in a much bigger way .	"  Agent Carter " is the latest action series or film featuring a woman The trend of women in big heroic roles can be traced to comic books "  Wonder Woman " and "  Captain Marvel " are set for the big screen
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tom Cruise 's neighbor had a rough night on Sunday . Jason Sullivan , 41 , allegedly tried to climb over the actor 's fence when a security guard used a "  Taser " device to stop him , according to police , who said Sullivan was intoxicated and arrested him on trespassing charges . Police arrived at 9:35 p.m. to find the suspect "  attempting to leave the location , " Beverly Hills Police Lt. Lincoln Hoshino said on Monday . Sullivan was arrested for trespassing and taken to a hospital by paramedics "  for treatment due to the use of the ` Taser ' device , " he said . "  Sullivan lives at an adjacent property and was intoxicated at the time of the incident , and may have confused himself and entered the wrong property , " Hoshino said . Cruise and his family were not at home at the time of the incident , he said . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Cruise neighbor was "  intoxicated at the time " and "  may have confused himself , " police say A security guard used taser device on the suspect as he climbed Cruise 's fence , police say Jason Sullivan , 41 , is charged with trespassing ; Cruise and family were n't at home at the time
CNN  -- President Barack Obama will make his first overseas trip since taking office at the end of this month , visiting England , France , Germany and the Czech Republic , the White House said Thursday . President Obama wil travel with first lady Michelle Obama to four European nations in the coming weeks . The trip is scheduled from March 31-April 5 . Obama , who will be joined by first lady Michelle Obama , will first visit London , where he will attend a summit with other world leaders . He is to meet with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel on April 3 . Obama will also attend NATO summit meetings in Strasbourg , France , and Kehl , Germany , then travel to Prague , Czech Republic , to meet with Czech leaders and leaders of other European Union nations . His first trip outside the United States was to Canada last month .	The trip is scheduled from March 31-April 5 Obama first heads to London , where he will attend a summit of world leaders He will also join NATO meetings in France and Germany His first trip outside the United States was to Canada last month
WASHINGTON -- You can blame it on out-of-towners . In January , passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 had to be rescued out of the Hudson River after a bird strike . Smithsonian Institution scientists say it was migratory Canada geese -- and not resident Canada geese -- that caused US Airways Flight 1549 to ditch in New York 's Hudson River on January 15 . More specifically , it was at least two female and one male geese flying at approximately 2,900 feet that got sucked into the two engines of the Airbus A320 , disabling both engines and causing one of the more spectacular water landings in aviation history . All 155 people safely evacuated the jet . Officials knew almost from the start that Canada geese were responsible for the incident , both because of Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger 's radio report and because few other types of birds flock at that altitude in the mid-Atlantic . But on Monday , the eve of a three-day National Transportation Safety Board hearing into the crash , the Smithsonian announced that sophisticated scientific techniques allowed them to conclude that the Flight 1549 birds were Canada geese from Labrador , Canada , and were significantly different from geese in New York City . Museum scientists said molecular study of feathers found in the engines leads them to believe the birds had probably nested in Labrador in the summer of 2008 and migrated to the New York region for the winter . On the day of the crash , Smithsonian wildlife biologist Peter Marra said , the ground was covered with snow , and the flock was probably on a short flight south looking for clear ground or water on which to forage for food . Canada geese  Branta canadensis  are "  essentially flying cows , " Marra said , given their unrelenting quest for food . The migratory birds are among the largest species of bird in North America , with an estimated weight of about 8 pounds each . The determination that the birds were the 8-pound variety and not the 4-pound Brant geese is likely to comfort jet engine designers , since the engines are designed to survive strikes from 4-pound birds . But the finding also is likely to raise questions about whether engine requirements should be more robust to survive strikes from 8-pound birds . Bird strikes remain one of the most intractable problems facing aviation . There were more than 7,400 bird strikes in the United States in 2007 , including 110 that caused substantial damage to aircraft . But the Federal Aviation Administration estimates that only 20 percent of strikes are reported . Airports attempt to manage local populations of birds by harassing them , typically by creating loud noises that scare the birds away , or by killing birds . But migratory birds require other approaches , such as monitoring their movements and improved radar . Smithsonian scientists say it is important to study bird migration patterns to prevent future collisions . Carla Dove of the Smithsonian 's Feather Identification Lab says the Smithsonian has been conducting bird strike identifications for the FAA and the military for more than 50 years . Shortly after the US Airways Flight 1549 incident , the museum got its first feather from a U.S. Department of Agriculture biologist working with the NTSB . In all , the museum got several batches of remains , some from an engine that remained under water three days , and the rest from an engine on the Hudson River bottom for nine days . At the Smithsonian 's Conservation Institute labs in Suitland , Maryland , scientists examined isotopes in the feathers . The stable-hydrogen isotope values in feathers can serve as geographic markers since they reflect the types of vegetation in the bird 's diet at the time it grew new feathers , Marra said . The feather samples were compared to a reference library of 620,000 specimen at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago , Illinois , the Smithsonian said . The finding , published today in "  Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment , " concluded the geese were from the Labrador area . "  Although these geese were -LSB- migratory -RSB- , we do not believe that these individuals were actually migrating north to return to breeding areas . Instead , we hypothesize that these birds were undertaking a short-distance movement on their wintering grounds in response to freezing temperatures and snow cover , in an effort to find open water and food , a behavior commonly found in species of birds wintering at temperate latitudes , " the report says . At the time of the US Airways bird strike , the flock was in the upper limits of their flying abilities , the Smithsonian said . About "  3,000 feet is pretty much their limit , " Dove said . The highest known bird strike came when a jet in Africa hit a vulture at 37,000 feet , she said . Marra and Dove said "  billions " of birds threaten aviation . Consequently , more research needs to be done on radar capable of detecting birds , more information is needed on migratory patterns and scientists need to integrate weather patterns into models that can predict bird movements , they said .	Feather samples lead Smithsonian Institution to migratory Canadian geese Birds probably nested in Canada 's Labrador area and migrated to New York Smithsonian has been conducting bird strike IDs for FAA , military for decades Species weighs about 8 pounds , while plane engines built to handle 4-pound birds
Atlanta  CNN  -- Locked in a battle with her brothers over their family treasures , the daughter of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. said Thursday she 'd once considered lending them but never selling them . Bernice King says her brothers ' plan to sell their father 's Bible and the Nobel Peace Prize he was awarded 1964 . Dexter and Martin Luther King III have sued to force their sister to turn over those items , and a judge has ordered the items stored in a safe deposit box that only the court can open until the case is resolved . In a statement issued Thursday afternoon , Bernice King acknowledged that she had once considered selling other heirlooms , including the Spingarn Medal the NAACP awarded her father in 1957 . But she said she had never believed it was acceptable to sell the Nobel Prize medal or King 's traveling Bible , which was used by President Barack Obama when he was sworn in for his second term . "  At the time I agreed in 2007 to the potential transfer of certain memorabilia to the National Center for Human and Civil Rights , it was totally consistent with furthering the King legacy because of the nature of their mission , " she said . "  They are a civil rights center . But let it be noted that I have and always will object to the sale of the Nobel Peace Prize and Bible as I believe the sale of those items is sacrilegious and a breach of my obligation as a steward and trustee of my father 's legacy . " King was assassinated in 1968 , and his widow , Coretta Scott King , died in 2006 . In court papers , the King brothers submitted an e-mail inventory Bernice King wrote in 2007 that divided items from the estate of the civil rights leader into four categories : those she would be willing to sell , including the Spingarn Medal ; items she would not be willing to sell , but might consider lending , such as the Nobel Peace Prize and Bible ; items that had questions associated with them ; and items she would have to examine before deciding . But in Thursday 's statement , Bernice King said that now , "  I would not support the sale of most of the memorabilia listed in the 2007 e-mail . " The CEO of the National Center for Civil and Human Rights , Doug Shipman , told CNN on Thursday that he had no comment on the legal proceedings and that his center had not bought any items from the King estate . But he said the center plans to display King papers sold several years ago by the estate and now owned by Morehouse College . Bernice King , who was 5 when her father was assassinated , is acting as the "  gatekeeper " to her father 's property , said attorney William Hill , who represents the King estate . He said she has no individual claim to the property that belongs to the estate controlled by her brothers . Wednesday , Fulton County Superior Judge Robert McBurney ordered the disputed items placed "  in a safe deposit box in an unknown location . " But he warned Bernice King it was likely that her brothers would be able to show "  the Bible and peace prize are possessions of the estate . " According to the King brothers ' complaint , King 's heirs agreed in 1995 to give up their inheritance to the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. . Inc. , but Bernice King has "  secreted and sequestered " the items in question . Bernice King has said her brothers told her on January 22 that they wanted the items so they could sell them . Her attorney , Eric Barnum , called the attempt to sell the items a "  money grab , " saying there 's a history of the King sons taking money made from selling possessions to line their own pockets . The judge compared Bernice King 's stance against the sale of her father 's possessions to Coca-Cola not wanting to sell its secret soft drink recipe . He later noted he was not trivializing the value of King 's possessions with the comparison . This is not the first time the family has been at odds over King 's legacy . Over the years , the siblings have sued and countersued one another . Bernice King and Martin Luther King III sued Dexter King in 2008 , accusing him of converting "  substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America " for his own use . They agreed to a settlement , thereby avoiding a trial .	NEW : Bernice King says she weighed lending MLK 's Nobel Prize and Bible , but not selling A judge has ordered her to turn over the items The items will be stored in a safe deposit box that only the court can access The judge made the ruling in a case that pits King 's daughter against his two sons
France 's interior minister said Monday that based on intelligence analysis , "  a strong presumption exists " that a French citizen named Maxime Hauchard participated in the "  despicable crimes " shown on the latest video from ISIS . The video released over the weekend depicts the slayings of several men described by ISIS as Syrian soldiers and appears to show the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig . While Hauchard 's involvement is only alleged and investigations continue , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said intelligence analysis of the video suggests "  a very high probability that a French citizen has directly participated in the execution of these despicable crimes . " Public Prosecutor Francois Molins said authorities are investigating the possibility that a second French citizen may have been involved in the killings shown on the video . Hauchard , 22 , went to Syria in 2013 after visiting Mauritania the previous year , Cazeneuve said . According to Molins , Hauchard is a "  self-radicalized " jihadist who traveled to Syria under the guise of a humanitarian mission . He was known to French security services as far back as 2011 , the prosecutor said . In July , Hauchard spoke to French broadcaster BFM , describing life as a fighter . "  Everything is paid for . Clothes are paid for . Weapons are not ours , we do n't pay for them . Same for the missions , the guns , " he said , according to a CNN translation of his remarks . "  The other day I wanted to buy shampoo . I wrote it down on the list -- we have a list where we write down stuff . Then the boss goes out shopping at the market . And he brings us back the shampoo , for example , without making us pay . " "  The goal as a group , the goal as a community is to establish the laws of Allah on Earth , " he said . "  But from a personal point of view , it is martyrdom . " The video in which Hauchard is said to have appeared is widely considered the most brutal yet released by the terror group , which is also known by the acroynm ISIL as well as its self-given name , the Islamic State . U.S. President Barack Obama , in confirming Kassig 's beheading , called the executions "  pure evil by a terrorist group that the world rightly associates with inhumanity . " More barbaric ISIS videos expected after Kassig 's death , analyst says The 16-minute production includes a lengthy segment on the group 's history and shows in graphic detail beheadings of several men described as Syrian military pilots . Several men without masks , presumably ISIS fighters , are shown in that segment killing the men . The video does n't show Kassig 's death but does show a masked man dressed in black , speaking in what sounds like a English accent . A similar figure appeared in earlier videos depicting the apparent beheadings of Westerners . Kassig is the fifth Western hostage to be killed by ISIS since the United States and its allies began airstrikes against ISIS in August . ISIS is believed to be holding at least two more Western hostages : a 26-year-old female , American aid worker , and John Cantlie , a British journalist , who has appeared in a number of ISIS-produced videos . U.S. officials have credited the air campaign with stopping a wildly successful ISIS ground offensive and disrupting the group 's ability to finance and plan its exploits . On Monday , the U.S. military said coalition warplanes conducted 31 airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq between Friday and Monday , hitting fighting positions , staging areas and units in the field , among other targets . OPINION : Kassig 's murder a sign of weakness from a terror group on the run	French citizen believed to appear in ISIS video was "  self-radicalized , " prosecutor says Maxime Hauchard traveled to Syria in 2013 , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve says Hauchard 's involvement only alleged but "  high probability " it was him , Cazeneuve says The video in which he 's said to appear widely considered ISIS ' most brutal to date
CNN  -- Two journalism groups have announced plans to honor a Sri Lankan reporter who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for articles that criticized the military . J.S. Tissainayagam was jailed for printing articles critical of Sri Lanka 's military . A high court in the western Sri Lankan city of Colombo handed down the sentence to J.S. Tissainayagam on Monday , convicting him under the country 's anti-terror laws . The editor of a monthly magazine , Tissainayagam was arrested in March 2008 for printing articles critical of the Sri Lankan military 's treatment of civilians during the country 's war on the Tamil Tiger rebel group . The Committee to Protect Journalists said it is honoring Tissainayagam to highlight "  the depth of outrage at this unjust sentence . " "  Its harshness and the retroactive nature of the charges reflect vindictiveness and intolerance , " the group said in a statement on Monday . It added that the reporter was in poor health and his confession was extracted under threat of torture . A second group , Reporters Without Borders , said it too will honor Tissainayagam with a newly-created award for journalists who display great courage in countries where press freedom is lacking . "  The imposition of this extremely severe sentence on Tissainayagam suggests that some Sri Lanka judges confuse justice with revenge , " the group said . After his arrest , the Tamil journalist was held without charge for several months , prompting outrage from human rights and press freedom organizations . He was later charged under the country 's controversial Prevention of Terrorism Act . Tissainayagam , 45 , wrote for the Colombo-based Sunday Times newspaper and edited OutreachSL , a Web site geared toward the country 's Tamil population . Prosecutors charged Tissainayagam with taking money from the Tamil Tiger rebels to fund the Web site . The site was , in fact , funded by a German aid project , Reporters Without Borders said . Tissainayagam 's lawyer has said he will appeal . The case has drawn international attention to the plight of journalists in Sri Lanka , which ended its decades-long war against the Tamil rebels earlier this year . The country 's military has been accused of numerous atrocities against civilians during the final months of the 26-year conflict . Sri Lanka has denied the accusations , and routinely rejects calls by human rights groups for independent investigations into its campaign against the Tigers .	J.S. Tissainayagam , editor of a monthly magazine , arrested in March 2008 Printing articles critical of Sri Lankan military 's treatment of civilians during civil war Tamil journalist was held without charge for several months Case drawn international attention to the plight of press freedom in Sri Lanka
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin sent a strong signal Thursday that he has full hands-on control of his country . As part of his annual town hall forum , Putin spoke for four hours and fielded 80 questions out of 2 million-plus submitted on a live call-in program , "  Conversation With Vladimir Putin -- Continued . " Responding to a question on whether he had any plans to retire and enjoy the life of an ordinary citizen , Putin tersely replied , "  Do n't count on that . " And when asked whether he plans to run for the presidency again in 2012 , he said , "  I will think about it . There is plenty of time for that . " Speaking of his "  tandem " with President Dmitry Medvedev , Putin said he had "  known him for many years , graduated from the same universities , having been taught by the same professors . " "  Those common principles allow us to effectively work together , " he said , responding to the never-ending speculation about which one of the duo is more important and whether a rift between them is possible . Putin juggled a myriad of facts and statistics , giving instructions to subordinates along the way to fix problems , as he responded to questions mostly on Russia 's domestic issues . These covered pensions , medication prices , the overhauling of entire industries and Russia 's accession to the World Trade Organization , Amur tigers and hip-hop music , and everything in between . The program was broadcast live on government television and radio . It marked Putin 's eighth annual year-end "  town meeting , " first launched in 2001 when he was president . This year 's forum was his second as prime minister . Representatives from all Russian industries as well as university students packed the auditorium in Gostiny Dvor , a large conference hall next door to the Kremlin , where Putin appeared . Putin took questions from the hall 's floor , with live cameras positioned in towns and cities across Russia , and he also responded to phone calls , e-mails and mobile SMS messages . He started off by addressing the issue of terrorism , coming nearly a week after the derailment of a luxury Moscow-St . Petersburg express train , which left 26 people dead and more than 100 injured . Russia 's Federal Security Service said an improvised explosive device , which unknown bombers placed beneath the railroad bed , caused Friday 's derailment . It was the biggest terror act outside Russia 's troubled North Caucasus region since 2004 . "  We did a lot -LSB- in recent years -RSB- to break the backbone of terrorism , but the threat has not been eliminated yet , " Putin said . "  The entire society , each of us , should be conscious of this threat and be vigilant . " Addressing the economy , Putin said the peak of the global economic crisis has passed , "  although turbulent trends in the global and , as a result , the Russian economy , are still in place . " "  It will take time and effort to overcome the crisis , " he said . The past year has been "  one of the most difficult " for Russia in this decade , Putin added , saying the 2009 gross domestic product will shrink by 8.5 percent to 8.7 percent . The slump in the country 's industry will be even bigger , he said , around 13 percent , but the projected inflation for 2009 will be lower than in the past year , about 9 percent . The prime minister also cited what he called "  positive developments " in the Russian economy . He said some industries , such as military hardware production and agriculture , are even growing . In the arena of international politics , Putin told a questioner that he and former President George W. Bush had a good relationship but have not been in touch . The prime minister described Bush as a "  very honest and nice person , " saying that if the ex-U.S. leader wanted to continue their relationship , he would be glad to do so . Putin 's press secretary , Dmitry Peskov , said the wide range of issues on which Russians posed questions "  provides an excellent instrument for sociological study , and all questions that are being raised , are carefully studied . That -LSB- call-in show -RSB- gives a very reliable sociological survey . " Putin 's popularity ratings at home demonstrates his political dominance in Russia . Confidence in the prime minister stood at 70 percent , as opposed to 59 percent for Medvedev , according to a recently published opinion poll conducted by Russia 's Public Opinion Foundation . While Putin had his town hall forum , Medvedev was holding meetings in Italy with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Pope Benedict XVI .	Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin dismisses notion of retiring at town hall forum Putin : "  Common principles " let him , President Dmitry Medvedev work well together Putin calls George W. Bush a "  very honest and nice person " Putin says it will take time to overcome global financial crisis
Ramtha , Jordan  CNN  -- Syrian forces waged a brutal crackdown Friday on demonstrators , with witnesses saying dozens of people have died in the latest in a series of military actions aimed at suppressing civilian dissent that has been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups . The violence occurred as thousands of villagers across Syria rallied to show support for residents of the southern border city of Daraa who have been living under siege since government forces attacked earlier this week . The Syrian unrest , which began in Daraa in March after teens were arrested for scribbling anti-government graffiti , escalated in recent days after demonstrators emboldened by weeks of protests called for the ouster of President Bashar al-Assad . The human rights group Syrian Human Rights Information Link said 64 demonstrators were killed Friday by Syrian forces in violence across the country , while witnesses told CNN more than two dozen people were killed Friday in clashes . CNN has not been granted access into Syria and is unable to independently verify witness accounts . CNN has spoken with witnesses , some of whom have also reported what they see via social networking sites and posted homemade videos . Reports also have been compiled by human rights organizations . Nineteen people , including four soldiers , were reported killed and more than 50 were wounded in Daraa when government forces opened fire on protesters from neighboring villages who tried to enter the city near the Jordanian-Syrian border , according to witnesses who spoke with CNN . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency , SANA , said four soldiers were killed and two others were kidnapped when "  an armed terrorist group raided a military point in Daraa " on Friday . Security forces would not allow residents in Daraa to attend prayers and snipers were stationed on rooftops , according to witnesses . Bloated bodies remained uncollected in the streets , their relatives afraid to retrieve them , they said . Shortages of water , power , electricity and food were common complaints . A resident of Daraa , arriving in the Jordanian city of Ramtha about 10 minutes away , said people there were praying inside their homes . A group of about 500 would-be protesters who had set out after noon prayers to demonstrate against the government dispersed when army soldiers shot into the air , he said . Before Friday 's violence , the military crackdown in Daraa that began Monday had already left 50 people dead and the humanitarian situation was worsening , he said . Six people were killed in clashes near the western Syria city of Homs , a doctor at the Hospital of Welfare and Social Services told CNN . Among the dead was an 11-year-old boy who had been shot in the head , the doctor said . About 150 people formed a human chain around the Homs hospital to try to protect it , the doctor said . In other parts of Syria , witnesses reported that two tanks had opened fire on demonstrators in the al-Khalidiya and heavy gunfire was heard in Talbeesa . SANA , the Syrian news agency , said army units were trying to restore calm to the city by "  hunting and confronting " extremist terrorist groups . SANA accused international and Arabic-language television networks of broadcasting "  poisonous propaganda " regarding the number of deaths , which they put at 70 civilians and 78 army and police . Among the videos posted online Friday was a grainy , shaky one that purports to show bodies piled into a vegetable refrigerator in Daraa . People can be heard trying to identify bodies -- at one point someone is heard asking in Arabic : "  Who is he ? " And in the background , people can be heard praying . It is impossible to tell how many bodies are in the room , or the cause of death -- but several appear to be young males . CNN is unable to verify that the video was shot in Daraa Friday , The Syrian government has come under intense criticism by from Western governments , the United Nations and human rights group for its violent crackdowns . Syrian and international human rights organizations have put the toll at more than 450 people dead and about 1,800 wounded since the crackdowns began . On Friday , the United States imposed sanctions against top members and elements of the Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad responsible for overseeing the recent violence against protesters . The United Nations Human Rights Council also convened a special session in Geneva , Switzerland , to address the violence . The session was convened at the request of the United States and was backed by 15 other member countries . The council 's deputy high commissioner said the recent violence has painted "  a disturbing picture " of Syria . Since mid-March , that picture has included "  the widespread use of live fire against protesters ; the arrest , detention and disappearance of demonstrators , human rights defenders , and journalists ; the torture and ill-treatment of detainees , " Kyung-wha Kang , deputy high commissioner , said in a statement of minutes released by the UNCHR . Kang said additionally there have been reports of "  the sharp repression of press freedoms and other means of communication ; and attacks against medical personnel , facilities and patients . " She said that "  any official ordering or undertaking of attacks against the civilian population can be held criminally accountable " and that widespread or systematic attacks "  may amount to crimes against humanity . " But Faysal Khabbas Hamou , Syria 's representative to the UN 's Human Rights Council , said he was astonished at the convening of a special session of the council . According to the minutes of the session , Hamou said Syrian security forces "  had maximized the use of self restraint " and made moves toward reform , including abolishing the decades-old state of emergency . He blamed "  vandals " for the violence , saying they had been engaged in acts of violence and that 60 officers and enlisted personnel had been killed . "  What would the countries that had convened this special session have done if such acts occurred in their own countries ? " he asked . The Russian Federation 's representative at the special session , Mikhail Lebedev , predicted that the human rights situation in Syria would improve . He said the crisis must be resolved internally . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Jomana Karadsheh , both in Ramtha , Jordan , and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this story .	NEW : Witnesses say dozens are killed in Syria clashes NEW : A human rights agency puts the one-day death toll at 64 NEW : A video purports to show bodies 11-year-old boy , four soldiers among the dead
CNN  -- The president of the South African Football Association  SAFA  has been suspended as part of an investigation into match-fixing ahead of the country hosting the FIFA World Cup in 2010 . Kirsten Nematandani and four other SAFA officials were suspended as an act of "  good governence " following a report by football 's global governing body FIFA , which adjudged four friendly matches ahead of Africa 's first World Cup had been fixed . According to the FIFA report , the results of South Africa 's matches with Thailand , Bulgaria , Colombia and Guatemala were prearranged for the benefit of convicted Singaporean match-fixer Wilson Perumal and his Football 4U organization . Nematandani declined to comment when contacted by CNN . Last year , Perumal was imprisoned in Finland after a court ruled that he had arranged the outcomes of at least seven league matches from 2008 onwards . The Singaporean was also heavily implicated in the match-fixing scandal that affected South Africa 's neighbors Zimbabwe between 2007-2009 , a process which has had repercussions for nearly 100 footballers while two former national coaches have been banned . The timing of FIFA 's report into match-fixing involving the team known as Bafana Bafana comes at a bad time for South Africa , as it is just one month away from hosting the continent 's showpiece football event -- the Africa Cup of Nations . The suspensions were announced by a SAFA emergency committee on Monday , ahead of an enquiry , with vice president Chief Mwelo Nonkonyana set to take interim charge of the governing body . "  The emergency committee considered and accepted the report as received , " read an SAFA statement . "  The emergency committee felt that the president would have to appear before the commission of enquiry to explain his role in the matter . "  Having considered the implications of this for SAFA , the committee asked the president to take a voluntary leave of absence from his position . "  All members of staff mentioned in the report who will need to give evidence at the commission are likewise put on special administrative leave pending the finalization of the enquiry , or pending receiving a clearance from the commission . "  This action in no way implies that these individuals were involved in match fixing . It is again simply for good governance that this measure is being implemented . "  The members of staff so affected are : Dennis Mumble , Lindile ` Ace ' Kika , Adeel Carelse and Barney Kujane . " The SAFA was unavailable to clarify what the FIFA report might mean for South African football or what action they may take after the inquiry . The organization said last week it wanted to "  bring this unfortunate matter to a just and final conclusion . " Speaking as president -- before his suspension -- Nematandani said : "  Having cooperated with FIFA during their investigation , we are happy that this matter is coming to its conclusion and our commitment to zero tolerance to corruption is well documented . "  SAFA remains totally committed to working with FIFA to wipe out the scourge of corruption that is impacting on football globally . " Mumble is SAFA 's new chief executive officer . Interim president Nonkonyama stressed how all parties involved should be considered innocent until proven guilty . "  This is a difficult situation for the Association , and for those who have been named in the report . We hope that there will be no speculation about their presumed guilt or otherwise . "  We need to allow the investigation to take place speedily and fairly , so those that are innocent can be separated from those who are not . " In a statement released last week , South African football 's ruling body acknowledged that "  Perumal and Football 4U managed to infiltrate SAFA prior to the World Cup , with an offer to assist with referee development . "  The offer included providing FIFA-accredited referees at their cost for the friendly matches prior to the FIFA 2010 World Cup . " One of these games -- when South Africa beat Guatemala 5-0 in May 2010 -- featured the award of three penalties . A month later the 2010 World Cup was the first to be staged on the continent of Africa . Hosts South Africa were eliminated in the group stages , but , to the delight of African football fans , Ghana enjoyed a run to the quarterfinal . The "  Black Stars ' " campaign was eventually ended by a penalty shootout defeat to Uruguay . Spain went onto to be crowned world champions for the first time , beating Netherlands 1-0 in the final after extra-time .	South African Football Association president suspended amid match-fixing claims Kirsten Nematandani and four officials named in a FIFA report The results of four South Africa friendlies ahead of 2010 World Cup pre-arranged Vice president Chief Mwelo Nonkonyana set to take interim charge of the body
CNN  -- Standing near the coffin of one of her closest friends , Patty Hill made a promise that would forever change her life . Patty Hill says losing 135 pounds through weight loss surgery still took discipline , planning and hard work . Her friend , Gail , had died from a blood clot just a week after undergoing gastric bypass surgery to make her stomach smaller . Hill was scheduled to have the same surgery and believed it was the only way to end her lifelong struggle with obesity . Tipping the scales at 280 pounds and standing 5 feet 5 inches tall , Hill says she was depressed , moody and always defensive . The 47-year-old mother from Weymouth , Massachusetts , was morbidly obese , and after her friend 's death , she was beginning to lose hope . "  That was the end of the gastric bypass for me , " remembers Hill . "  At her wake , I promised everyone that I would not go ahead with surgery . " Hill wore a 26/28 dress size and had heart problems . Now , not only was she afraid that she could n't lose the weight , but she was even more afraid she 'd die , leaving her daughters , ages 23 and 14 , to grow up without her . Just when she 'd lost all hope , her cardiologist asked if she had ever considered Lap-Banding -- a less-invasive form of weight-loss surgery . Hill immediately started researching the procedure , in which an adjustable band is placed around the upper part of the stomach to restrict the amount of food the stomach will hold . According to MayoClinic.com , the band creates a small pouch opening to the stomach . The amount of food your stomach will hold is controlled by injecting or removing fluid from the band . Even though gastric banding restricts the amount of food , it does not reduce the absorption of calories or nutrients . In the United States , where two-thirds of the population is either overweight or obese , weight-loss surgeries have increased in recent years , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . While the surgeries are successful at helping people lose weight and reduce their risk for hypertension , diabetes and other chronic illnesses -- patients have to carefully weigh the benefits of the procedure with the serious risks , side effects and even death in some cases . Some of the more common side effects of weight-loss surgery can be difficulty digesting starchy foods and protein , which can lead to other physical conditions including hair loss , fatigue , swelling and muscle weakness . Once she did her homework on gastric banding , Hill says she knew the procedure was for her . She sought treatment at Tufts-New England Medical Center in Boston , Massachusetts . The program required six weeks of pre-operation behavior-modification classes and monthly support meetings . On February 28 , 2005 , Hill 's Lap-Band surgery was a success . She immediately started losing weight , dropping 20 pounds the first month , and continued to lose 10 to 15 pounds a month . Six months later , at the end of August , she had dropped 75 pounds . As the second anniversary -- or "  Bandiversary " -- of her surgery approached , Hill had lost 130 pounds and reached her original target weight of 150 pounds . CNN I-Reporters share their weight-loss photos " That 's when she began exercising and keeping track of her daily food intake via the Web site FitDay.com . "  You do n't realize how many calories you 're taking in until you start keeping track , " said Hill . Ultimately , Hill surpassed her original weight loss goal and lost another 10 pounds . She currently weighs 145 pounds and , after dropping 10 dress sizes , now fits perfectly into a size 8 , she says . Despite the rapid weight loss , surgery was n't an easy way out . Hill says she still has to plan her meals and eat properly , and one of the biggest downsides is that she has difficulty digesting some starchy foods . "  I ca n't eat bread , potatoes , rice , " says Hill . "  I have to cut up everything into pencil eraser-size -LSB- pieces -RSB- and chew , chew , chew . " Still , the surgery has restored her life , Hill says . One of the biggest perks of losing weight is traveling with greater ease . She does n't have to ask for a seat belt extender and no longer feels like she 's spilling into her neighbor 's seat . "  I went to Cancun last July , and I was able to go horseback riding without hurting the horse , " jokes Hill . She 's also discovered something else . "  I 'm actually petite , " Hill says excitedly . "  I can buy stylish clothes . Before surgery , I just bought clothes that fit me . Now I can buy clothes that look good on me . " When she 's shopping , Hill says , people make eye contact with her more often and wait on her right away . When she was obese , Hill says , she felt almost invisible , and even though she did n't want to believe it , people ignored her . "  Men actually flirt with me ; it cracks me up , but freaks out my daughters , " says Hill . "  I have a boyfriend with a Harley . I love riding on the back of -LSB- his bike -RSB- . " The weight loss has also inspired Hill to take acting classes , and she 's even appeared as an extra in several movies . Earlier this year , she attended her first Boston Red Sox game and was elated to discover that she could fit into the seats . Best of all , Hill says , she has a lot more energy and self-confidence , and she 's healthier . She says the surgery is the best thing she 's done for herself . "  I am so happy with the way I look and feel , " says Hill , "  I never want to go back to the way I looked before . It sounds very superficial , but it 's the truth . " iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Share your story , tips and photos E-mail to a friend	Patty Hill weighed 280 pounds at her heaviest and wore a size 26/28 She lost 135 pounds and dropped 10 dress sizes with the Lap-Band Hill says weight loss surgery is not easy , takes discipline and planning Weight loss has restored her health , energy and self-confidence
U.S. officers shot a Canadian man who walked toward a border inspection booth waving what they said looked like a handgun early Sunday . U.S. Customs and Border Protection said in a statement that the man stopped his car around 3 a.m. near a booth on the Ambassador Bridge , which goes between Detroit and the Canadian city of Windsor . As he walked toward them with what appeared to be a black handgun , the officers ordered him to drop the weapon , the statement said . When he pointed it in their direction , they opened fire . Officials at first said the man they shot had been waving a handgun . But investigators later determined that the man was holding a replica of a handgun , U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Kris Grogan said . Authorities have not released the identity of the man , who they described as a Canadian citizen . He was shot in the arm , treated for his injuries and then taken into custody , Grogan said . Citing Windsor police , CNN partner CTV said the man has had previous encounters with Canadian law enforcement and confronted police officers minutes before the shooting on the bridge . After receiving a call reporting a man with a gun in the parking lot of a McDonald 's near the border around 2:40 a.m. , Windsor police officers arrived at the scene and ordered the man to drop his weapon , police said . According to police , the man said , "  Why have n't you shot me yet ? " Then he got back in his vehicle and drove away . The Department of Homeland Security 's Office of the Inspector General , U.S Customs and Border Protection 's Office of Internal Affairs and the Detroit Police are investigating .	Investigators determine a man shot at the border had a replica of a handgun U.S. Customs and Border Protection says officers shot a man on the Ambassador Bridge He was treated for his injuries and taken into custody , a border patrol spokesman says CNN partner CTV reports the man had previous encounters with law enforcement
Washington  CNN  -- The future of the Korean peninsula relies on U.S. involvement in the peace process , South Korean President Park Geun-hye told a joint meeting of Congress Wednesday . Park said that despite recent tensions with communist North Korea , reunification of the Koreas is possible , even if it "  feels distant today . " "  North Korea continues to issue threats and provocations , firing long range missiles , staging nuclear tests and undermining peace on the peninsula and far beyond it , " Park said . "  The Korean government is reacting resolutely but calmly . We maintain the highest level of readiness . " And as long as the United States and South Korea maintain their strong relationship , Park said , "  You may rest assured , no North Koreans provocation can succeed . " Throughout much of late March and April , North Korea ratcheted tensions with the United States and South Korea by issuing a cadre of bellicose statements on nuclear war with the South . Recently , however , tensions have begun to wane , signaled by the fact that , according to a U.S. official , North Korea has withdrawn two mobile ballistic missiles from a launch site in the eastern part of the country . Initially , U.S. defense officials told CNN that the missiles ' movements to the area signaled North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un was planning to test launch missiles . In response , the United States and Japan stepped up missile defenses in the region . Park said moves like this did nothing for the peace process . "  I am confident that trust is the path to peace , the path to a Korea that is whole again , " she said . "  The Republic of Korea will never accept a nuclear armed North Korea . Pyongyang 's provocations will be met decisively . " The North has long used missile tests and its nuclear arsenal as a way to extract concessions and rewards from the international community . Park said this strategy is part of the North 's "  incompatible " aim to pursue "  two goals at once . " "  You can not have your cake and eat it too , " Park said . Her speech to Congress comes just a day after she met with President Barack Obama at the White House . Obama , in a news conference after the meeting , said that North Korea 's recent provocations have only made the United States and South Korea closer . "  If Pyongyang thought its recent threats would drive a wedge between South Korea and the United States or somehow garner the North international respect , today is further evidence that North Korea has failed again , " Obama said . "  The United States and the Republic of Korea are as united as ever ... North Korea is more isolated than ever . " Park , South Korea 's first female president , took office in February , shortly before North Korea conducted its most recent nuclear test and has since taken a tough stance on perceived aggression from the North . In an interview with CBS Monday , Park said even a small attack would warrant a military response . "  Yes , we will make them pay , " she said . In her remarks Wednesday , Park also singled out the four current members of Congress who served during the Korean War -- Rep. John Conyers , Rep. Charles Rangel , Rep. Sam Johnson and Rep. Howard Coble . Each congressman stood as Park acknowledged them and received loud applause for their service . "  Gentleman , my country thanks you , " she said . Park said as part of her visit , she traveled to the Korean War Memorial on the National Mall in Washington . Citing an inscription at the monument -- "  Our nation honors our sons and daughters who answered the call to defend a country they never knew and a people they never met " -- Park reflected on what those words meant to the country she now leads . "  Time and again , I am moved when I read those familiar words , " she said . "  Our profound gratitude to America 's veterans , their blood , sweat and tears helped safeguard freedom and democracy . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	South Korea 's president says even a small attack from the North would warrant military response North Korea made strong threats about attacks earlier this year Park met with President Barack Obama Tuesday
Paris , France  CNN  -- The fiery crash that brought down a Concorde supersonic jet in 2000 , killing 113 people , was caused partially by the criminal negligence of Continental Airlines and a mechanic who works for the company , a French court ruled Monday . Continental Airlines was fined 202,000 euros  $ 268,400  and ordered to pay 1 million euros to Air France , which operated the doomed flight . Mechanic John Taylor received a fine of 2,000 euros  $ 2,656  and a 15-month suspended prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter . The aircraft manufacturer EADS was also found partly responsible for the crash and ordered to pay 30 % of damages to victims involved in the case . Air France has already paid an unspecified sum in damages to the families of most of the victims of the only crash ever of a Concorde . The mechanic was the only person found guilty in the trial before a judicial panel in the Paris suburb of Pontoise . He was not present for the verdict . His former supervisor , Stanley Ford , and three French officials were found not guilty of involuntary manslaughter . Henri Perrier , Jacques Herubel and Claude Frantzen were responsible for the design , testing and certification of the Concorde . The charges had said the engineers could have acted much earlier to correct well-known design flaws in the plane . Lawyers for Continental and Taylor rejected the guilty verdicts . "  I am shocked by this verdict , Taylor 's lawyer Francois Esclatine said . "  I have n't had a chance to speak with my client yet , but I will tell him that he should appeal . " Olivier Metzner , a lawyer for Continental , said the airline "  will not let itself be pushed around in this way and we will definitely appeal . " The airline called the verdict "  absurd " in a statement . Saying that the airline and Taylor were "  the sole guilty parties shows the determination of the French authorities to shift attention and blame away from Air France , " which operated the flight and maintained the aircraft , Continental said . "  To find that any crime was committed in this tragic accident is not supported either by the evidence at trial or by aviation authorities and experts around the world , " the statement said . Air France , which was a plaintiff in the Concorde trial , posted a statement on its website saying , the French national carrier "  welcomed the decision of the criminal court which recognizes Continental 's full criminal and civil liability in the Concorde accident . " The Concorde burst into flames and smashed into a hotel on takeoff on July 25 , 2000 . Air France stopped flying the supersonic jets in 2003 . A Continental Airlines plane that took off shortly before the doomed flight was found to have played a key role in the crash . A titanium strip allegedly fell off a Continental DC-10 which took off just before the Concorde . Judicial investigators say the strip was improperly installed on the DC-10 engine , prompting the charges against the airline , Ford and Taylor . A lawyer for the American airline had argued that Concorde 's problems were apparent decades before the crash and that Continental was not to blame . An investigation revealed a tragic chain of events that brought down Air France Flight 4590 shortly after takeoff from Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport : a tire under the left wing blew on takeoff when it struck the small strip of titanium on the runway . The blown tire sent debris into the wing , causing the fuel tank to rupture and sparking the catastrophic fire that led to the crash that killed 100 passengers , nine crew and four people on the ground . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report .	NEW : Aircraft maker EADS is also ordered to pay damages French authorities are trying to shift blame away from Air France , Continental says Mechanic John Taylor is the only person convicted The crash killed 113 people in 2000
CNN  -- Andy Murray is set to step up his rehabilitation program by returning to practice next month . The World No. 4 underwent back surgery in September following a longstanding injury and was forced to pull out of the end of season ATP World Finals in London . "  Rehab is going to plan and he 's aiming to be in Miami in mid-November , " Murray 's spokesman told CNN . Murray is currently planning to play in an exhibition tournament in Barbados at the end of November before making a competitive return at the ATP 250 event in Brisbane in December . The two-time grand slam winner has suffered with back injuries throughout his career and was forced to withdraw from this year 's French Open in May before going on to triumph at Wimbledon . Murray 's failure to compete at Roland Garros was the first time he had withdrawn from a grand slam tournament since 2007 where a wrist injury prevented him from playing in the French capital . Last month he failed in the defense of his U.S. Open title , losing out to Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka at the quarterfinals stage in straight sets . He will hope to return to grand slam action in Australia next January before playing for Great Britain in its Davis Cup tie with the U.S. the following month .	Andy Murray set to return to practice in Miami next month The 26-year-old underwent back surgery in September World No. 3 set to play in exhibition tournament in Barbados Murray hoping to be fit to play in Brisbane at the end of December
Islamist militants ambushed a bus in Kenya on Saturday and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses , killing at least 28 people , authorities said . The bus , which had 60 people aboard , was heading from Mandera , near the Somali border , to the capital of Nairobi . About 20 miles into its dawn journey , militants stopped it at a hilly area and stormed in , local police Cmdr. Noah Mwivanda told the Daily Nation newspaper . Militants demanded those onboard recite Quran verses . As others watched , they opened fire on passengers who failed to do so , he said . Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement , saying it was retaliation for mosque raids this week . It described those killed as Christians . This is one of the busiest travel seasons in the nation . Throngs make their way to relatives ' homes for the holidays , with buses and other public transportation packed this time of the year . "  Security agencies are in pursuit of the criminal gang , " the Interior Ministry said in a statement . It later said helicopters and jets have demolished the attackers ' camp and operations were ongoing . In a phone call with CNN on Saturday , Kenyan Interior Minister Joseph Ole Lenku declined to comment on the incident . The bodies of the victims were taken to Nairobi , where the Kenya Red Cross will provide assistance to victims ' relatives and survivors of the attack , said the organization 's secretary general , Abbas Gullet . Days before the bus attack , police raided multiple mosques in the port city of Mombasa after they found explosives in one . The searches this week prompted clashes with Muslim youths in the city , Kenya 's second-largest . Al-Shabaab , which has ties to al Qaeda , has launched a series of attacks in Kenya since its forces went into neighboring Somalia in 2011 to battle the extremists . Kenyan soldiers have targeted militants ' hideouts across Somalia , prompting retaliatory attacks from the terror group . Last year , Al-Shabaab raided a Nairobi mall in a brazen attack that killed 68 people and left shoppers under siege for days . In addition to Kenya and Somalia , the terror group has struck Uganda , where it killed more than 70 people gathered to watch a World Cup soccer match in Kampala in 2010 . As the attacks get more daring , the international community has rallied to battle the militants . In September , a U.S. airstrike killed Al-Shabaab 's leader , Ahmed Godane . The terror group later replaced him and vowed to avenge his death .	Gunmen asked passengers to recite Quran verses , official says Official : Those who could not were sprayed with bullets This is one of the busiest travel seasons in the country because of the holidays The bus was heading from Mandera , near the Somali border
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Seventy-two people died and 33 were injured Sunday night when an IranAir passenger jet en route from Tehran to the northwest city of Orumiyeh crashed as it attempted to make an emergency landing in a snowy field , an official said . In all , 105 people -- 93 passengers and 12 crew members -- were aboard the Boeing 727 , West Azerbaijan 's coroner told the semi-official Fars News Agency . Severe weather at the site was making rescue operations difficult , the coroner , told the news agency . All members of the crew were killed , according to the semi-official Mehr News Agency . "  Fortunately , reports say that the plane did not explode upon impact , " and the crash may have happened as the plane was nearing its destination and close to the ground , the Mehr news agency quoted the head of Iran 's Emergency Services , Reza Masoomi , as saying . At least 10 of those aboard were hospitalized with severe injuries , said an emergency services official , Mojtaba Khaledi , according to the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency . The incident occurred at 7:45 p.m.  11:15 a.m. ET  , he said . Crews were clearing the roads to make it possible for rescue teams to reach the site and 11 hospitals were on alert to receive the injured , Khaledi said . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this story	33 people were injured , the official says The plane crashed in northwestern Iran Crews are clearing roads to get help to the site
CNN  -- Evocative , unusual and perhaps a little disquieting , Asako Narahashi 's photos of Japan can inspire a variety of reactions . From coasts to rivers and lakesides , her seemingly semi-submerged photographs frame water and land as if taken by a castaway catching sight of shore , presenting a unique perspective of the country . Since 2001 Narahashi has been using an all-weather film camera to take the series of photos that were first grouped under the title "  Half Awake and Half Asleep in the Water . " Using an all-weather film camera she has traveled across Japan in all seasons , wearing a bathing suit in summer or fishing waders in winter months , and sometime taking to a boat or canoe to capture the shots . "  After much trial and error , I realized that it was better to give a sense of the water in the foreground , and gradually I took more photographs positioned as though the lens was put partially in the water , " Narahashi told CNN via email . "  When I first started shooting this series , I imagined shooting all the way around Japan from the sea . But as I progressed , I felt this framework is not necessary for me , so I shoot both in Japan and other places . " Her latest book "  Ever After " is a continuation of that first series and saw travel across the world shooting in new locations . But her singular views of Japan are perhaps the most captivating . The commingling of the natural and the man-made is a consistent theme for Narahashi . "  In Japan  nature exists within reach of people , " she said . "  You 'll find old and new buildings or billboards and other artificial things randomly mixed along with nature . The natural and man-made are constructing landscapes while permeating each other . " But as the tsunami of 2011 illustrated to devastating effect , the natural and human worlds do not exist in harmony . The catastrophe also had a significant impact on Narahashi and her photography . "  After seeing the images of the 3/11 tsunami , knowing the scope of the disaster , it was a time when I questioned whether I could continue to shoot in the same manner as before , " she said . "  Since I began the series I had been thinking that both ` fear ' and ` consolation ' are in my photographs in the state of being suspended in mid-air , unable to go up or down . But after 3/11 , I felt like the pendulum had swung to the ` fear ' side . "  The only answer I could find was to continue to take photographs . In last few years , I 'm continuing to shoot in the sea but I have more occasions to shoot in rivers and lakes in  the  last few years than before . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Photographer Asako Narahashi has taken a series of photos showing water and land Evocative images taken over a period of years at various locations across Japan After the 2011 tsunami she questioned whether she could continue taking those photos
CNN  -- A medical team exhumed the body of former Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceausescu on Wednesday to try to ensure that the remains are really his , Romanian state media reported . Ceausescu was executed on Christmas Day 1989 in the only post-Berlin-Wall-fall of a Communist regime in Eastern Europe that got really bloody . His remains were "  quite well preserved , " his son-in-law Mircea Oprean told Romania 's Pro TV . The body of Ceausescu 's wife also was unearthed , but was not in such good condition , Oprean said . "  The place where they put my mother-in-law was much more humid , so the samples were much more damaged , " he said . Elena Ceausescu was executed by firing squad along with her husband in the last anti-Communist revolution of 1989 in Eastern Europe . Their children want to be sure that the bodies in the graves are those of the Ceausescus . The remains will undergo DNA testing by the Institute of Legal Medicine , Romania 's national news agency Agerpress reported . Nicolae Ceausescu ruled Romania from 1965 until his death . He became infamous for his lavish lifestyle , and started to build a palace for himself in the 1980s with miles of marbles floors and thousands of crystal chandeliers . He was toppled by revolution , tried hastily and executed before the building was completed . Now the seat of Romania 's parliament , it is the largest civilian office building in the world -- second in size only to the Pentagon . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Nicolae Ceausescu was executed by firing squad after a bloody revolution in 1989 His children want to be sure the body in his grave is really his His remains and his wife 's will undergo DNA tests Ceausescu was Romania 's Communist dictator for decades
CNN  -- The gruesome civil war in Syria that pits government forces against rebels is now in its 18th month . Here are the latest key developments : Deputy PM : Al-Assad 's resignation not an acceptable condition for dialogue Any suggestions of President Bashar al-Assad resigning could be discussed only after a dialogue with Syrian rebels begins , Deputy Prime Minister Qadri Jamil said Tuesday , according to Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Setting his resignation "  as a condition before dialogue means that there will be no dialogue , " Jamil said during a visit to Russia , according to the report . He added that "  the entire Syrian people should be asked " about such a possibility . "  If this issue is being imposed on us from abroad , it is a very dangerous precedent in international relations , " he said , according to RIA Novosti . Syrian state-run news agency SANA quoted Jamil as saying that Syria "  has kept its eyes set on achieving the national reconciliation in Syria . " Jamil and a delegation are now in Moscow . Russia has major trade deals with Syria and , along with China , has blocked repeated efforts in the U.N. Security Council to pass resolutions that many other countries argued could have pressured the Syrian regime to halt its violent crackdown on the opposition . On the ground : 230 killed At least 230 people were killed Tuesday , including 104 in Damascus and its suburbs and 42 in Aleppo , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Syria , on state-run media , said its forces "  continued cleaning Aleppo 's neighborhoods from the mercenary terrorists . " The Damascus suburb of Modamiyeh sustained a bloody assault by regime forces Tuesday , with troops storming the city from four directions amid heavy gunfire and shelling , the LCC said . Huge explosions and mortar shelling continue to rock the city , where regime fire killed several people Tuesday , the group said . Syria said its forces battled terrorists in Homs and elsewhere . A Japanese journalist was killed Monday during a gun battle in Aleppo , Syria 's largest city and commercial hub . Mika Yamamoto , who worked for the independent Japan Press news agency , was reporting on the rebel Free Syrian Army , the Japanese Foreign Ministry said . "  I have seen the news on the television . I really did not want to believe it , " her father , Koji Yamamoto , told the Japanese news agency Asahi on Tuesday . "  She always thought of children and women under the fire of conflict and kept saying it 's her mandate to tell the stories of those people to the world . " At least 20 other journalists have been killed in Syria during the conflict , according to the nonprofit group Committee to Protect Journalists . Seventeen of the 20 are believed to be work-related deaths ; in three cases , it is unclear whether the journalist was killed as a result of his or her work , the group says . On Monday , two other journalists went missing and may have been arrested by the Syrian army . They work for Alhurra TV , a U.S.-based Arabic language station . "  A Japanese female journalist was killed by the regime forces , who also attacked  an  Alhurra TV crew and captured the reporter and his Turkish cameraman , " a man identified as Capt. Ahmed Ghazala of the Free Syrian Army said in an amateur video that Alhurra aired . CNN trip to get into -- and out of -- Aleppo Alhurra TV said that it has not been able to reach its crew in Aleppo since Monday and that it was trying to verify reports the team was arrested by the Syrian army . World reaction : New U.N. envoy to meet on Syria The newly appointed U.N. envoy to Syria , Lakhdar Brahimi , will visit New York to meet with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and senior aides this week , a U.N. spokesman said . U.S. President Barack Obama , meanwhile , has delivered a stern warning to al-Assad : Use chemical weapons , and risk provoking a military response . "  We have communicated in no uncertain terms with every player in the region that that 's a red line for us and that there would be enormous consequences , if we start seeing movement on the chemical weapons front or the use of chemical weapons , " he said Monday . Syria is a juggernaut when it comes to chemical weapons , analysts say . The regime "  probably has the largest and most advanced chemical warfare program in the Arab world , " Michael Eisenstadt of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy said last month . It includes thousands of rocket artillery rounds filled with mustard-type blister agents that can damage skin and lungs , and bombs filled with sarin that attacks the nervous system . Opinion : Chemical weapons threat demands response Syria has denied owning chemical or biological weapons . But Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi appeared to reverse that stance last month , issuing a veiled threat : "  No chemical or biological weapons will ever be used ... unless Syria is exposed to external aggression . " Al-Assad has long described the uprising against his rule as a terrorist revolt and a "  foreign conspiracy . " The region : Fierce clashes erupt in neighboring Tripoli , Lebanon Historic tensions between Sunni Muslims in Tripoli 's Bab-al-Tibbaneh neighborhood and Alawite Muslims in the Jabal Mohsen neighborhood boiled over into clashes Tuesday . Children were playing with BB guns , leaving one wounded , said Ali Fedda , a member of the Arab Democratic Party in the neighborhood . Residents then began shooting , and the army intervened in response , Fedda said . In recent months , the Syrian crisis has aggravated decades-old quarrels between residents of the rival neighborhoods . Dozens of gunmen exchanged gunfire , as the Lebanese troops responded to the violence Tuesday afternoon . Two people were killed and 36 injured , Lebanese state-run media reported Tuesday . More : Syria violence fuels kidnapping threats in Lebanon The strife between Alawites and Sunnis in Tripoli mirrors the conflict in Syria , where al-Assad 's regime is dominated by minority Alawites and the opposition is largely made up of Sunnis . CNN 's Arwa Damon in Tripoli , Lebanon ; Yousuf Basil , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan and Josh Levs in Atlanta ; and Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	NEW : 230 people were killed Tuesday , an opposition group says A nonprofit group says at least 20 journalists have died in Syria during the conflict New U.N. envoy to Syria will visit New York for meetings this week , U.N. spokesman says Al-Assad 's resignation ca n't be a condition for talks , Syria 's deputy PM says
London , England  CNN  -- Shares in Rolls-Royce rose Monday after the company announced that it had made progress in understanding the cause of a Qantas mid-air engine blow-out . The shares rose by 2.62 percent -- they had been 14 percent down from Thursday after the Australian carrier revealed early Monday that oil leaks had been discovered in the engines on three of its planes after being examined by Rolls-Royce engineers . This follows last week 's aborted flight by an A380 , which was forced to make an emergency landing in Singapore shortly after take off when one of its engines failed . Rolls-Royce on Monday issued a statement saying the Qantas problem was caused by an "  incident specific to the Trent 900 engine . " "  As a result , a series of checks and inspections has been agreed with Airbus , with operators of the Trent 900 powered A380 and with the airworthiness authorities , " the Rolls-Royce statement continued . Qantas CEO Alan Joyce told reporters the leaks were "  beyond normal tolerances " and that the planes will not return to service until the airline is "  100 percent sure " about their safety , "  It is disturbing that Qantas found three more engines that needed to be looked at . That 's a total of four , " aviation consultant Peter Goelz told CNN . "  This is a relatively ... young aircraft . These engines have probably less than 200,000 total hours , so it is an issue that we need to be concerned about . " New safety fears ground Qantas A380s Singapore airlines and Lufthansa also operate the A380 equipped with Rolls-Royce Trent 900 engines , but they reported no problems after carrying out their own extensive checks . Their fleets are now flying again . Dubai-based Emirates also operate the double-decked Airbus A380 but with GP7000 engines , designed as part of a joint venture between U.S. manufacturers General Electric and Pratt and Whitney . These engines have not been part of the current safety scare . Before the share price recovery , more than $ 1.6 billion had been wiped off the value of British-based Rolls-Royce , its share value dropping by 14 percent since Thursday . Shares in EADS , which owns Airbus , were down by half a percent for the same period . "  We 're looking at a period of time when investors will be pretty jittery , " said Dan Thisdell of Flightglobal.com . "  But they 've got to grapple with this problem in a way that maintains confidence among their prospective customers as well as existing customers . "  If it is some kind of underlying design flaw , though this would seem unlikely given the enormous expertise and modern computer simulation technology available to Rolls-Royce , then there could be a problem given the level of investment involved . " In August , another Rolls-Royce engine -- this time a Trent 1000 -- suffered an uncontained failure during testing in England . This particular model is designed to power Boeing 's latest commercial aircraft , the 787 Dreamliner . Rolls-Royce said on Tuesday that the Trent 1000 issue was not connected to the Qantas Trent 900 incident . Rolls-Royce said in the statement : "  This incident happened during a development program with an engine operating outside normal parameters . We understand the cause and a solution has been implemented . " With at least half of the 850 787s on order destined to be powered by Trent engines , Thisdell told CNN that this will be another profitable source of income for a very long time . "  Many airlines have placed orders for aircraft years down the line and have not yet selected their preferred engine , " he said . "  But no-one has a better reputation than Rolls-Royce . Many airlines will order Rolls-Royce engines as a matter of course because they 've had first rate service from them for years . "  Not every airline see it this way , but many -- particularly small and medium-sized airlines -- feel some comfort in having a single supplier of engines for all the aircraft they fly because it provides some commonality with maintenance , spares and training for mechanics . " As if to reinforce this point , Rolls-Royce on Monday announced a new $ 350 million engine servicing contract with Egyptair , who operate a fleet of Airbus A330s fitted with Trent 700 engines .	Rolls-Royce says Qantas "  incident specific to the Trent 900 engine " Oil leaks found in Rolls-Royce Trent 900 engines on three Qantas Airbus A380s CEO : Alan Joyce told reporters the leaks were "  beyond normal tolerances " Rolls-Royce share value dropped by 10 percent since Qantas initial reported problem
Washington  CNN  -- The harshest critics labeled them "  virtual strip searches . " Airport passenger screening that produced particularly realistic full-body images using backscatter technology . Others also expressed health concerns about low doses of radiation from the X-rays underpinning those scans . Well , it 's all over now as the Transportation Security Administration says it has met a June 1 deadline to remove all 250 backscatter machines from U.S. airports . Travelers will still go through other full-body scans that rely on a system that uses radio waves and produces less detailed body imaging . The millimeter wave machines raise fewer privacy and virtually no health concerns . "  I think from the privacy perspective , that  the elimination of backscatter machines  has to be considered a victory , " said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center . The TSA maintained that the backscatter machines , manufactured by Rapiscan Systems , were safe and effective . The agency had developed protocols to assure that screeners who saw imagery of passengers never saw the passengers themselves . But Congress voted to require all body scanners to have privacy-protecting software , and the TSA announced in February it was phasing out backscatter systems because they could not meet the new standard . The last backscatter machines were removed about two weeks ago , a TSA spokesman said . All 250 units were removed at Rapiscan 's expense , the agency said . Currently , there are more than 700 body scanners at about 165 airports , all with Automatic Target Recognition  ATR  software , which display items on a generic body outline . Rotenberg said he still has privacy concerns about millimeter wave machines , including what information is captured by the machine -- even if unseen by screeners -- and how long that information is retained . "  We 'd like to see clearer rules about the collection of the images , " Rotenberg said . "  Are they deleted ? Are they saved ? Is some analysis being done and can they be linked to passengers ? " Most countries do not use body scanners , he said , preferring to use a combination of metal detection and technology that can identify explosives . Backscatter machines could return one day if the company develops required software , the TSA has said .	Backscatter full-body scanners generated controversy Critics said images were too revealing , others cited potential health concerns TSA says it has met June 1 deadline to remove machines from airports Airport full-body screening will use different technology
CNN  -- First time in Seattle ? Here are some hints to help you get the most from the city . Free Thursday Seattle 's many museums and galleries regularly offer visitors free admission . On the first Thursday of every month there 's no admission charge at Seattle Art Museum , the Experience Music Project or the Seattle Asian Art Museum , which is also free for families on the first Saturday of the month . Entry to the Museum of Flight is free between 5pm and 9pm on the first Thursday of the month and The Henry Art Gallery offers free entry every Thursday . Mount Ranier looms over Seattle . Rainy days While New York and more Miami have a higher annual rainfall than Seattle , the Emerald City seems to attract a particularly persistent perma-drizzle . If you want to make like a true Seattleite , you 'll eschew the umbrella , braving the elements in nothing more than an anorak . If , however , you 're more interested in staying dry than in blending in , carry an umbrella at all times . Out on "  The Sound " For memorable views of the Seattle shoreline and Mount Rainier beyond , take a Washington State Ferry across Puget Sound to Bainbridge Island . Bainbridge Island wo n't detain you for too long , but the 35-minute journey will give you a unique perspective on Seattle and its surroundings . Board from the main terminal at Pier 52 on Alaskan Way . Ferries are frequent but there can be long queues to board at the weekend and on weekdays during rush hour  www.wsdot.wa.gov/ferries/  . The great outdoors Seattle is surrounded by majestic mountains and spectacular scenery . That colossal mountain you can see to the south-east of Seattle is actually a volcano -- Mount Rainier , the highest peak in the Cascade Range at over 14,000 ft. Mount Rainier National Park lies some 100 miles from the city and boasts numerous glaciers and fantastic hiking trails . Entry is $ 15 for a private vehicle  www.nps.gov/mora/  . Mount St Helens , about 100 miles further south , last exploded in 1980 , destroying hundreds of square miles of forest . Signs of the devastation can still be seen if you visit Mount St Helens National Volcanic Monument  www.fs.fed.us/gpnf/mshnvm/  . The Olympic National Park lies across Puget Sound and includes the Hoh rainforest and Pacific wilderness beaches , where you may be lucky enough to glimpse gray whales in the spring and autumn . For killer-whale watching , take a ferry to the San Juan Islands , where you 're virtually guaranteed a sighting . ... . What are your tips for a great stay in Seattle ? Where have you found the "  real " Seattle ? Send us your suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Many museums have free admission on the first Thursday of the month True Seattleites do n't use an umbrella -- but you may find you need one Take a ferry to Bainbridge Island and you 'll get a unique view of Seattle Seattle is surrounded by spectacular scenery , such as colossal Mt. Rainier
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Back-to-back suicide bombings killed at least five people at a university here Tuesday and wounded nearly two dozen , authorities said . Police investigators collect evidence at the suicide blast site at Islamic International University in Islamabad . The explosions occurred at the International Islamic University in the Pakistani capital , said police official Bin Yamin . Naeem Iqbal , Islamabad police spokesman , said three men and two female students were killed , and 22 people were injured . At least four of the injured were in critical condition , said Altaf Hussein , a doctor at a hospital . All the victims are between the ages of 18 and 25 . Usman Virk , a student , said he heard one explosion in the men 's section of the university , followed by a blast in the cafeteria in the women 's section of the university . Watch more about the attacks " Virk said he saw several injured students with blood-soaked clothes being taken away by rescue crews . More than 12,000 foreign and local students , including 5,500 women , are enrolled in the 29-year-old university . The university Web site describes the school as a "  unique center of learning in the Muslim world which strives to combine the essentials of the Islamic faith with the best of modern knowledge . " In recent weeks , Pakistan has been relentlessly rocked by a wave of suicide attacks as Islamic militants retaliate against a military offensive to rout insurgents operating along the Pakistan-Afghan border . On Friday , a suicide car bomber detonated near a police station in Peshawar , the capital of the North West Frontier Province . The blast killed at least 13 people , most of them civilians . A day earlier , militants attacked two police training centers and the country 's Federal Investigation Agency in Lahore in eastern Pakistan . At least 30 Pakistani police officers and civilians were killed in those attacks . At least 10 attackers also died . And on October 10 , militants held dozens of hostages for 22 hours inside an army headquarters in Rawalpindi , which neighbors Islamabad . Eleven military personnel , three civilians , and nine militants were killed in the siege . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	All the victims of the attack are between the ages of 18 and 25 Took place outside International Islamic University in Islamabad More than 12,000 foreign and local students are enrolled at university Pakistan rocked by series of suicide attacks in wake of its Taliban offensive
CNN  -- A representative for Natalee Holloway 's mother who paid $ 25,000 for information on the whereabouts of her remains last month was an undercover FBI agent , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . However , the FBI and the U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham , Alabama , said Wednesday that the FBI did not supply the money . "  Some news accounts have suggested that the FBI provided $ 25,000 in funds that were transmitted to van der Sloot . This is incorrect . The funds involved were private funds , " the FBI and U.S. attorney 's office said in a statement . An Interpol document says van der Sloot faces criminal charges in Alabama because he allegedly tried to extort money from Holloway 's mother . U.S. authorities filed extortion and wire fraud charges against van der Sloot this week . The FBI and U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham arranged for a meeting where van der Sloot was paid $ 10,000 in cash and another $ 15,000 in a wire transfer for information van der Sloot allegedly promised would lead to Holloway 's body in Aruba , a source familiar with the case said . The meeting took place in May , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham . Interpol documents show that the $ 15,000 was transferred to a personal bank account in the Netherlands . The information van der Sloot provided to the FBI was not true , according to the documents . It 's unclear if that money funded van der Sloot 's trip to Colombia and into Peru , where authorities said he confessed this week to killing 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez . Members of Flores ' family told CNN they knew days ago that the FBI had paid van der Sloot . "  We really do n't have anything to say about it or what could have happened if we knew this information , " said brother Enrique Flores , speaking by phone from Peru . "  It wo n't make any change today . Her mom is praying every day . We are not having contact with a lot of people . We want to be left alone . " Although the investigation involving alleged extortion had been in motion for several weeks at the time of Flores ' death , "  it was not sufficiently developed to bring charges prior to the time van der Sloot left Aruba , " the FBI statement said . "  This is not due to any fault on the part of the FBI or the U.S. attorney 's office , where agents and prosecutors were working as hard as possible to bring the case to fruition when they learned of the murder . A case based on events outside of the United States is a complex matter , and work was proceeding with all deliberate speed to prepare the evidence , the charges and the necessary procedures to obtain custody of van der Sloot , " the statement said . Van der Sloot , a Dutch citizen , was twice arrested in connection with the 2005 disappearance of Holloway but was released for lack of evidence . This week Alabama authorities filed extortion and wire fraud charges against van der Sloot . On or about March 29 , van der Sloot contacted a representative of Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway , say Intepol documents . That came as a shock to Natalee Holloway 's father Dave Holloway . CNN spoke with his attorney Vinda de Sousa in Aruba Wednesday . "  He did n't know about it ... and he just did n't have very much to say about it because he was not involved , " the attorney said . In exchange for payment , van der Sloot showed a person -- described in Interpol documents as Beth Holloway 's representative -- a house in Aruba where supposedly Holloway 's remains were located . When records showed that the house was n't even built at the time of her disappearance , van der Sloot admitted he lied , Interpol said . Aruban authorities were involved in the FBI 's undercover investigation , Aruban government spokesman Taco Stein said . "  We did some technical work " and "  worked together , " Stein said . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Kim Segal and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	FBI : Money came from a private source , not the FBI Interpol document : Van der Sloot allegedly tried to extort money from Holloway 's mother U.S. authorities last week announced arrest warrant for van der Sloot Interpol : Information van der Sloot gave in exchange for the money was false
CNN  -- Police in Milwaukee are working to track down a serial killer linked to at least seven unsolved homicides dating back more than two decades , authorities said . Five victims  clockwise from top left  : Debora Harris , Joyce Mims , Tonya Miller , Quithreaun Stokes , Sheila Farrior . Law enforcement officials in the Wisconsin city have matched the unknown man 's DNA with seven women -- six prostitutes and a runaway involved in the drug trade . The deaths occurred between 1986 and 2007 . "  Six of the victims were women who were working as prostitutes -- high-risk behavior that makes them vulnerable to crime , " authorities said . Police believe the killer had sex with the runaway , but she was killed by someone else . The developments have prompted officials to form a local , state and federal task force to investigate the homicides . A state lab is working to determine whether the DNA of at least 23 other slain prostitutes matches that of the killer . "  In the past , we might have linked some of these homicides through their method of operation , but theory has given way to technology , " said Edward Flynn , the Milwaukee police chief . "  Within the last couple of weeks , we have been able to confirm a link . " Flynn , who described the killer as an "  unknown suspect who conducts his business in secret , " said the investigation would require tips from the community . "  This suspect has been able to avoid and evade law enforcement for these last 23 years . He has never been arrested for a felony as he does not appear in any DNA database , " Flynn said . Police said 42 prostitutes were killed between 1986 and 2007 , and that 31 percent of the cases have been solved . There has been a higher clearance rate -- 78 percent -- in other homicides . Of the seven killed , two were in 1986 , three in 1995 , one in 1997 and one in 2007 . The runaway was one of the three killed in 1995 . Flynn said there have been "  patterned homicides " discovered across the country as a result of advanced DNA technology , citing investigations in Los Angeles , California ; Mesa , Arizona ; and Las Vegas , Nevada . However , he said there is no link with the Milwaukee cases . In discussing advances in DNA technology , Flynn said there were no matches in 1990s , two around 2000 and the seven have been linked in recent weeks . "  We already have determined that five suspects in murders of other prostitutes -- completely unrelated to this investigation -- have been identified because their DNA match open homicide cases . Three of them already are in prison for cleared homicides of prostitutes , " police said in a statement Tuesday . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Police in Milwaukee match unknown man 's DNA with seven slain women Six of the victims were prostitutes and the seventh a runaway Suspect has avoided arrest for 23 years and is not on any DNA database Investigation will require tips from the community , Milwaukee police chief says
Despite being an object of culinary fascination around the world , balut -- a popular Filipino food -- is no beauty queen . The 18-day-old fertilized duck egg has revolted even the most daring foodies with its carnal textures , earning it lofty rankings on many a "  most disgusting/strange/terrifying food " list . While food journalists commonly label balut as the Philippines ' "  much loved delicacy , " in reality Filipinos are decidedly split over their nation 's oft-sung snack . The science experiment you eat Acceptance of balut often depends on exposure at a young age , much like Vegemite in Australia . In an apparent attempt to preserve the delicacy 's popularity among the country 's rapidly modernizing and discriminating palates , some schools in the Philippines introduce balut to young students during science classes . Students use balut to study the anatomy of birds , then eat the compressed bird beak , veins and developing wings within . "  Our teacher made us eat the egg so it would n't go to waste , " says Manila resident Anna Vecin of her ordeal . "  And if we did n't eat it , we 'd get a low score on that day 's lesson . Of course , I had no choice but to eat it . " The experience can leave some with a lifelong aversion to the so-called national delicacy . Even balut 's tamer cousin , penoy -- an unfertilized duck egg billed as a less carnal option , given that it lacks the semi-developed chick within -- can be hard to stomach . Taste over appearance For others , balut 's combination of savory soup , fresh meaty bird and warm yolk is a revelation . "  My dad had a duck farm once upon a time in Binangonan , Rizal , so at some point growing up , we had a lot of them at home , " recalls Cheryl Tiu , a Manila-based writer . "  My mom 's parents always enjoyed eating it , thus it got passed on to her and her siblings , and then down to us . My favorite part is the soup . And then I dip the yolk in rock salt . "  Today though , I 'm not sure if I can eat the whole chick anymore , unlike when I was much younger . " The dish is particularly popular among Filipino families with ethnic Chinese backgrounds . Balut is also widely enjoyed across numerous provinces in China , especially in the south . Like many Chinese dishes , balut comes with a list of putative health benefits . Among these , it 's claimed balut can boost male fertility and libido . Balut in New York Ca n't make it to Manila ? Though balut is hard to find outside the Philippines , New York Filipino restaurant Maharlika offers the delicacy for $ 5 a pop . The restaurant hosts an annual balut eating contest , held every August . Last year 's winner knocked back 27 balut in five minutes . Think you can do better ? The gallery above offers a few pointers on how to eat balut .	Balut , an 18-day-old fertilized duck egg , is a popular snack in the Philippines Acceptance of balut depends on exposure at a young age First time eaters are advised to not dwell on the textures
Dallas  CNN  -- Sara Rogers-Smith considers herself one of the lucky ones . She , her husband and two kids were allowed to return to their home Monday and found it in one piece after a wildfire swept the area . Some of their neighbors were not as fortunate . "  We definitely feel lucky , " Rogers-Smith said in a telephone interview from her home in southwest Austin . "  The wind was blowing in the complete opposite direction of our house . " Have you been affected by wildfires ? Send photos , videos She said several other homes in her area were damaged and that at least two were burned to their foundations , leaving just metal and ash as reminders of what was . Dozens of large fires continued to burn out of control Monday in Texas in what officials have described as unprecedented conditions that show no signs of abating soon . "  We 're experiencing conditions never seen in Texas before , " said Marq Webb , a spokesman with the Texas Forest Service . "  Yesterday , we had 1,400 people and that number will go up today , " he said in a telephone interview Monday from the service 's incident command center in Merkel just west of Abilene . Perfect storm for wildfires In all , the Forest Service has been asked to help battle fires covering some 700,000 acres , said Webb . Thirty-one fires were being fought in East Texas ; another 11 fires in West Texas , officials said . "  We 've had 19 consecutive days of just super-dry weather , relative humidities in the single digits , " said Forest Service spokeswoman C.J. Norvell in Midland . "  What we 're seeing right now is winds that are typical of spring , but everything else is typical of late summer -- no rain , vegetation that 's just super dry . When you combine those two , it really has not boded well . " The Wildcat Fire just north of San Angelo has led to the evacuation of hundreds of people from their homes , Norvell said . The same fire threatens three small communities just north of San Angelo -- Robert Lee , Bronte and Tennyson , she said . A predicted change in wind direction from south to southwest could worsen the prognosis , she said . "  This little change is going to test some infrastructure and fire lines that we 've set up , " she said . The fires have a variety of causes -- some of them acts of nature , such as lightning strikes -- but most of them acts of man , said Webb . Those include anything from fence welding to debris burning , despite the fact that burn bans are in effect for 195 of the state 's 254 counties , he said . Texas authorities have made an arrest in connection with one of hundreds of blazes scorching the state in what a Forest Service official called the "  perfect storm for wildfires . " A man was arrested and charged with reckless endangerment , which is a felony under Texas law , Austin Fire Department Battalion Chief Palmer Buck said early Monday . The man , whom authorities did not immediately identify , was being held under a $ 50,000 bond . According to Buck , the man started a campfire at a homeless camp in a remote area , which got out of control and prompted evacuations . The fire burned about 60 acres . "  We 're experiencing conditions we 've never seen in Texas before , " he said . "  We have a huge area of Texas with abundant fuels and they are tinder dry -- and I 'm talking about probably half of the state . " Monday 's forecast was worse than Sunday 's , "  and tomorrow 's supposed to be worse than today , " he said . Though temperatures are expected to dip Wednesday , they were predicted to ramp back up on Thursday and Friday . Such weather has taxed the resources available to fight the fires . "  We 're stretched pretty thin right now , " Webb said . Conditions this spring are the driest they 've been in Texas since 1917 , said a Texas Forest Service spokeswoman . Authorities have responded to 7,807 fires across more than 1.5 million acres since this year 's wildfire season began , Gov. Rick Perry wrote over the weekend in a letter to President Barack Obama . Perry requested that the federal government declare Texas a disaster area . Fires have affected all but two of the state 's 254 counties . Perry noted that one firefighter has died and 18 others have been injured , while 244 homes have been destroyed and another 8,514 threatened residences "  saved . " CNN affiliate WFAA in Dallas-Fort Worth reported Bill Morris was one of the many Texans forced from his home by the fires . He spoke to the station as he was putting photographs and his wife 's jewelry in the car , preparing to leave -- again . "  I 've spent the night in a hotel three different times . And then I 'm told I can come back , and come back just to get evacuated the next day , " he said . In the Possum Kingdom complex west of Fort Worth , approximately 90 head of cattle were killed by the fire , said Webb . In southwest Austin , 10 homes suffered major damage and six suffered minor damage in a 100-acre area , said Matt Curtis , a spokesman for Mayor Lee Leffingwell . Curtis said Monday morning that the fire was contained , though firefighters were expected to spend the day looking for potential flareups and hot spots . "  Luckily , this fire happened in a somewhat unpopulated part of that neighborhood , " he said . The multi-jurisdictional effort included the Austin Police Department , the Austin-Travis County Fire Department , the Austin-Travis County EMS , the Travis County Sheriff 's Department and the Texas Forest Service . "  The mayor , who has lived in Austin all 72 of his years , described this as the largest fire he had ever seen in Austin and largest multi-jurisdictional effort , " said Curtis . CNN 's Leslie Tripp and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Spring winds combined with dry conditions typical of late summer have "  not boded well " A Forest Service spokeswoman says conditions in Texas are the driest since 1917 7,807 fires have affected more than 1.5 million acres since this year 's wildfire season began In southwest Austin , 10 homes suffered major damage
CNN  -- A little earlier this year the art world made an extremely rare discovery -- a painting by Leonardo da Vinci . Only some 15 paintings by Leonardo still exist , including the "  Mona Lisa " and "  The Last Supper . " So , this newly discovered painting -- known as "  Salvator Mundi " or "  Savior of the World " -- is a truly remarkable find . The 500-year-old painting depicts the head and shoulders of Christ and is in sparkling condition after cleaning and restoration . It will be included in a-once-in-a-lifetime Leonardo da Vinci show at the National Gallery in London from November 9th -- the first time "  Salvator Mundi " will have shared space with other Leonardos for many centuries . CNN has been given rare access to this newly discovered work . In a half hour special program , Nick Glass travels to New York to meet Robert Simon , an Old Masters dealer , who is acting on behalf of the owners of "  Salvator Mundi , " and gets to see the painting first hand . During his time in New York , Glass also talks with restorer Dianne Modestini , who brought the painting back to its original state . Intrigued , Glass heads to Florence to learn a little more about the life and work of da Vinci , the ultimate Renaissance man . Further interviews with world renowned da Vinci experts shed more light on the man , his paintings and his contributions to science and medicine . Finally , Glass returns to the National Gallery where the "  Salvator Mundi " will be on show to the public until February 2012 . Will another painting like this ever be discovered and is the adjective "  priceless , " accurate in this instance ? This program will attempt to answer these questions , while telling the story of the most talked about piece of art unveiled this century . Watch Leonardo -- The Lost Painting in November at the following times  all times GMT  : Friday 11 November : 16:30 Saturday 12 November : 14:00 , 21:30 Sunday 13 November : 10:30 , 21:30 Monday 14 November : 04:30 , 08:30 Tuesday 15 November : 10:30 , 17:30	A new Leonardo Da Vinci painting known as "  Salvator Mundi " has been discovered In excellent condition , it depicts the head and shoulders of Christ The discovery will feature in an exhibition at The National Gallery in London from November 9
Friedrich Nietzsche said , "  Without music , life would be a mistake . " Music is a big part of many people 's lives . For some , music is life . Sean Forbes , 26 , started a nonprofit called D-PAN , or Deaf Performing Artists Network . But not everyone can have music in their lives , and one man is trying to change that for the deaf community . Sean Forbes , 26 , started a nonprofit called D-PAN , or Deaf Performing Artists Network , which creates American Sign Language-enhanced music videos . Forbes spoke with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about how D-PAN works . The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Forbes : Really , the story here of how the whole thing came up was , I was in a car with three girls , and I went to school at Rochester Institute of Technology in New York . So we took a road trip to Gallaudet University , and on this trip I was singing all of these songs to my friends . And it 's just something I 've been doing for a while . So I 'm signing all of these songs and all the sudden , a light bulb goes on above my head , when I 'm like , would n't it be cool if there were music videos with deaf performers in them , signing the song , signing the lyrics of the song . Watch Nicole Lapin 's interview with Sean Forbes " That was really where the idea started from , and I instantly went back to RIT , and I had a friend make me a video of me signing an Eminem song and that 's how the whole thing really started . Lapin : Eminem , Christina Aguilera . You started translating really popular music videos , and tell me about these shoots , because this is a really big production you put on . Forbes : Yeah . I mean , we had hearing and deaf people behind the scenes creating this . We had interpreters ; there were probably about 20 people on the production set for these videos . Lapin : What was the reaction from some people in the deaf community that never experienced music before , never experienced it before you and D-PAN ? Forbes : For me it was just awesome to see all of these deaf people who have never been involved with music be involved in these videos for the first time . A lot of the people who are in the videos never experienced music before . So for them , it was just an awesome experience , and they were really thrilled to be a part of it . Lapin : And a lot of people on our Web site , CNN.com , are thrilled to be part of your experience , being introduced to your story . A lot of questions also came in ; I want to bring some to your attention . Ashley has this question for you Sean . "  Has anyone ever told you that D-PAN would not be successful and if so , how did you respond ? " I 'm sure you had some haters out there . Forbes : I 've had , you know , I 've approached a few situations before where they did n't only tell me that D-PAN would n't be successful , but they told me that I would never be successful as a deaf musician . And I always laughed it off , because I knew deep inside of me , this is what I wanted . And I would n't let anyone tell me no , I would n't take no for an answer . So those people who told me no , look at me now .	Sean Forbes , 26 , started a nonprofit called Deaf Performing Artists Network D-PAN creates American Sign Language-enhanced music videos Forbes : ' A lot of the people ... in the videos never experienced music before ' Inspiration came during road trip when he was performing for friends in car
CNN  -- In a little-known corner of southern England , more than 130 men are wrapping up in their winter warmers and drinking down their last whiskeys , as they prepare to do battle with their fiercest foes on the fairways . Their goal : a place in the fabled history of sporting rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge Universities . The "  President 's Putter " event takes place every January at Rye Golf Club between alumni of the two famous academic institutions . Competitors , whose ages can range from 18 to 85 , travel from such far-off places as the U.S. , South Africa and Asia in a quest to attach their winning ball to the fabled President 's Putter -- a hickory-shafted instrument dating back to the inaugural event of 1920 . David Normoyle flew in from Far Hills , New Jersey last week to see in the New Year with friends before heading down to Rye to take part in the event , which is scheduled to start on Friday . He is just hoping the heavy snowfall forecast for the rest of the week will not cause the competition to be called off for only the second time in its history . "  There 's a great tradition of the event going forward in spite of the weather , " says Normoyle , 31 , who studied history at Cambridge . "  Last year , there was a hard frost and a very thick fog . There 's something lovely about the warmth in the clubhouse at the end of the day when it 's freezing cold outside . It really adds to the atmosphere of the whole thing . " While the competition is always intense -- many players have scratch or single-figure handicaps -- the matches are played in a jovial spirit and the motto of the event is "  serious fun . " The winner 's medal carries the Latin inscription "  Primus inter pares , " which is loosely translated by the Putter fraternity as "  he was lucky to win . " The competition takes place over four days , with a dinner held on the eve of the Sunday final , followed by a night out amid the cobbled streets of the medieval town of Rye . "  People push the boat out at both ends of the day , " says David Bonsall , Treasurer of the Oxford and Cambridge Golfing Society , which organizes the event . "  There are often a few whiskey macs and bloody marys on the first tee to bury the memories of the night before . " Entry to the President 's Putter is limited to golfing "  Blues , " the term given to those who play for the Oxford or Cambridge teams at sport . January is the chosen month because if falls at a time when students and graduates are generally on vacation . In its early years , the Putter would be contested by some of the finest players of the day : four of Great Britain 's 1926 Walker Cup side were Oxbridge graduates . The record for consecutive appearances is held by World War Two army parachutist Peter Gracey , who played in 57 Putters before finally hanging up his spikes in 2006 at the age 84 . Other well-known competitors include the former England cricket captain Ted Dexter , who won the event twice in the 1980s . While the snow flakes continue to fall on the frosty fairways of the course , braver competitors have been out practicing their games . Others have been sharing stories in the warmth of the clubhouse bar as they wait to find out whether their annual pilgrimage has been worthwhile . "  It would be a huge disappointment if it did n't happen , " says Normoyle . "  But we 'll make do with whatever the decision is and we 'll have fun whatever . "	Oxford and Cambridge alumni brave January weather for annual President 's Putter competition Players aged 18 to 80 travel from U.S. , Asia to take part Past winners include former England cricket captain Ted Dexter Heavy snow threatens to call off event for just second time since 1920
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " will begin its 40th season Saturday , and in its first 39 years it 's produced at least 39 hilarious sketches . You 're probably playing them in your mind right now : the Nerds , Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer , some Stefon bit with Bill Hader . Maybe even the Vomitorium . Hey , whatever floats your boat . 40 reasons why ` SNL ' is still awesome But some are just better than others , right ? Now , a few caveats : â $ cents I 'm old . I celebrated my 104th birthday last week , and I remember when electricity was transmitted by horse-drawn train car . So if these choices skew older , that 's one reason . Prefer more contemporary sketches ? Add your opinion in the comments -- or , better yet , head on over to iReport and write up your own thoughts . â $ cents Memory is selective . It 's not that I do n't appreciate "  D ** k in a Box , " Tina Fey as Sarah Palin , Christopher Guest and Billy Crystal as Frankie and Willie or "  The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise , " but the shock and hilarity of some sketches are just stronger than others . Your mileage , of course , may vary . â $ cents Comedy is subjective . It makes you laugh or it does n't . These made me laugh -- and also , sometimes , gasp . So here 's one guy 's opinion of "  SNL 's " five best sketches  short films included  . And sorry to disappoint you , but "  More Cowbell " is n't among them : "  The Final Days "  first season , 1976 The Watergate saga was still part of the everyday news cycle when this skit , based on the Bob Woodward-Carl Bernstein best-seller , made its appearance . Dan Aykroyd was at his Nixonesque best as the 37th president , a paranoid figure taking his anger out on Henry Kissinger  John Belushi  and the paintings of presidents on the White House walls . The truly scary thing is that Al Franken and Tom Davis , who wrote the skit , did n't have to change that much from the book . "  White Like Me "  season 10 , 1984 Eddie Murphy , who had risen to stardom as an "  SNL " cast member , returned as host for a December 1984 episode . In this short film , he went undercover to "  experience America as a white man . " He finds that we do , truly , live in two distinct countries . His stiff-legged walk alone is worth watching . "  President Reagan , Mastermind "  season 12 , 1986 To his critics , Ronald Reagan was an infuriatingly disengaged president -- but , as "  SNL " producer Lorne Michaels has observed , he was a hard president to criticize because he was so sunny and optimistic . Finally , Jim Downey and Franken came up with this sketch , with a cutting Phil Hartman as Reagan . Who knew he could speak Arabic ? "  Schmitt 's Gay "  season 17 , 1991 Beer commercials have long followed the same formula : Surround male schlubs with good-looking women in impossible scenarios . "  Schmitt 's Gay " was a fake ad that turned the formula around , with Adam Sandler and Chris Farley as two guys who crack open some beers -- and are immediately surrounded by hot men . You 'll never watch a beer ad the same way again . "  Tom Brokaw Pre-tapes "  season 22 , 1996 Tom Brokaw is going on vacation , and his producer wants to make sure every option is covered -- which includes the obituary of Gerald Ford  who was very much alive at the time  . But you can never be too prepared when it comes to possibilities . What if the president is eaten by wolves ?	"  Saturday Night Live " celebrates 40th season Saturday Show has produced many top-notch sketches over the years Here are picks for five best
CNN  -- Three-time Formula One world champion Niki Lauda has tipped Fernando Alonso to clinch a 16th drivers ' title for Ferrari his season . Alonso , a double world champion with McLaren in 2005 and 2006 , currently leads the 2012 drivers ' standing by 29 point with just six races of the season to go . Lauda , a winner of 25 grands prix between 1974 and 1985 , says Alonso 's approach this season has been close to perfect , grinding out results in a car which was considered substandard at the start of the season . Alonso : "  Ferrari must improve " "  He is making all the right moves , " Lauda , who won the drivers ' title twice with Ferrari , told the sport 's official website . "  He is fast and he is getting the car over the finish line . He is aggressive when needed . He is Mr Right , right now . "  I say that he will carry on racing the way he has done so far and then the list of those who count themselves still in the running is dramatically reduced . "  He will score the most points . He will be champion if he carries on like he has done up until now . " Vettel triumphs in Singapore When asked what Ferrari , the most successful team in F1 history , would be without the 31-year-old Alonso , Lauda responded : "  Not as good . It is always the combination of driver and team that makes success . " Rumors have suggested Ferrari may look to replace Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa for the 2013 season , with Sauber 's Sergio Perez mooted as a potential successor to the Brazilian . But Austrian Lauda reckons it is too early in the Mexican 's career for him to be a suitable fit at Ferrari . Latest Formula One standings "  I do n't see it , " added Lauda . "  Perez would be a risk . Massa is predictable and Alonso likes him , so I say that such a switch is not going to happen . " Lauda also singled out former Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen for praise . The Lotus driver sits third in the championship despite only returning to the sport this season after two years away . Raikkonen was the last Ferrari driver to win the championship when he fended off competition from Alonso -- then racing for McLaren -- and Briton Lewis Hamilton , who is still driving for the British team , to clinch the 2007 crown . "  The fascinating thing with Kimi is that he came back and did n't need any warm-up time . It 's as if he had never been away , " said Lauda . "  Kimi came back as if he had n't been away for two years . He was fighting immediately at the top . You can not ask for more . "	Triple world champion Niki Lauda tips Fernando Alonso for 2012 title Alonso leads the championship by 29 points with six races of the season to go Lauda says it is too soon for Sauber 's Sergio Perez to join Ferrari The Austrian praises former Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen on his comeback season
CNN  -- Waters were receding Sunday as rescue crews conducted searches in the aftermath of flash flooding in eastern Kentucky that killed at least two people , a top county official said . Pike County Judge-Executive Wayne Rutherford confirmed the two fatalities Sunday , and estimated that 200 homes in the area were damaged or destroyed . Earlier in the day , another Pike County official , Charles Maynard , told CNN that there were three fatalities -- two males and one female . The names and details of the incidents were not immediately released , pending notification of family members . Rutherford said the county will send nine assessment teams Monday to gauge damage so a report could be submitted to the Federal Emergency Management Agency for assistance . Several major roads and bridges in in the area were damaged , he said . Crews in Pike County worked throughout the night in boats to rescue people from homes after flash flooding in the area , officials said . "  Raccoon Creek in Pike County is probably the hardest hit , " Emergency Management Director Doug Tackett said . "  It 's pretty much all devastation in that area and I think most of the mobile homes are n't there anymore , and some homes were completely washed away . " Crews started door-to-door searches and welfare checks in the Appalachian county to look for anyone that may be injured or needs to be evacuated , and to make sure families are accounted for , Tackett said . There was no specific number of missing people , Maynard said , but searches in the Raccoon Creek area continued . About 5,000 people were affected , and there were a number of high water rescues and several evacuations , Tackett said . "  I know there were some people taken from cars in swift water , and a few folks were taken from roofs of their homes or from windows to be removed from their homes , " Tackett said . As the water began to recede , the county faced another problem : One of the major water intake plants in the county was damaged and unusable . "  It looks like about 4,000 customers will be without water for about a week , so we 're setting up distribution centers for folk to make sure they have drinking water , " Tackett said . CNN 's Rick Vincent and John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : Two people are confirmed dead Rains Saturday result in flash flooding in Pike County , Kentucky Rescue crews worked throughout the night to rescue people from homes The Raccoon Creek area was the hardest hit
CNN  -- They were outside every polling station I visited in Cairo : earnest young men bent over laptops on rickety tables , checking names and ID numbers against voting lists , explaining to people where they were supposed to vote , and , in light of Egypt 's wildly complicated electoral system , how to vote . Scattered around the tables between the laptops were pamphlets and fliers for candidates of the Freedom and Justice Party , the newly established political wing of the once banned but now free and unfettered Muslim Brotherhood . "  Who does n't want freedom and justice ? " a middle-aged man asked me approvingly as I leafed through a pamphlet over at one of the tables in the working class Cairo neighbourhood of Sayida Zaynab . The "  help " at the polls was just the tip of an organizational iceberg that may well ensure the movement emerges victorious from the first , critical round in Egypt 's first post-Mubarak parliamentary elections . Egypt awaits election results Both the movement 's leaders and rank-and-file are now quietly confident their moment is fast approaching . They have , after all , been working -- methodically and patiently -- to achieve it since the movement 's founding in 1928 in the city of Ismailia , on the Suez Canal . They 've come a long way since then -- occasionally operating openly , other times hounded by the police . Shortly after Hosni Mubarak was ousted , the movement was legalized . Journalists can now jettison the tired old phrase "  banned but tolerated . " The Brotherhood is unbound . The movement is well entrenched in mainstream Egyptian politics . Its leaders do not appear to be wild-eyed fanatics . Most are highly educated -- doctors , lawyers , engineers , professors , and businessmen -- and come from solidly middle-class backgrounds . Some western observers see the Brotherhood as a sinister , secretive society , feigning moderation and democracy in public while in private embracing an extremist , totalitarian , anti-western agenda . The movement 's Egyptian opponents frequently describe the Brotherhood as sheep in wolves ' clothing . Its members endured decades of persecution by the authorities , going back to the days of the monarchy . In the 1930s and 1940s the Brothers were accused of assassinations and bombings - although the Brothers always publicly rejected violence as a means to political ends . The secrecy that alarms some Egyptians may have simply been a necessity to function in an environment where the secret police , the mukhabarat , and their army of informers were watching everyone . But who knows . Whatever one thinks of the group , it is skilled at building broad popular support through its extensive network of charities and social services , and stepping forward in emergencies when the state has failed . In 1992 when an earthquake in Cairo left hundreds of the city 's poor homeless , it was the Brotherhood who quickly mobilized to provide food , blankets and medical care . The government 's reaction was criticized as slow , late , and clumsy . In 2006 , when a ferry sank between Saudi Arabia and the Red Sea port of Safaga carrying more than 1,000 workers from Upper Egypt , the Brotherhood rushed relief supplies , only to have them blocked by the government . The first official reaction to the ship 's sinking , as I saw myself , was to send hundreds of riot police to Safaga . Government relief supplies arrived three days later . In a country where the sheer mass of people sometimes overwhelms creaking government services , the Brotherhood has won praise for its ability to create order out of chaos . "  What 's wrong with good organisation ? " said Abdel Aziz Zaid , production manager at an industrial printing press in Cairo and Brotherhood member . He was keeping an eye on the turnout at the Mohamed Ali School in Sayida Zaynab . He smiled confidently as a steady flow of voters -- women to the left , men to the right-walked past him to cast their ballots . "  When people see that we are well-organised now and were well-organised in the past , they will know we can use that organisation to achieve prosperity in the future , " he said . What men like Abdel Aziz Zaid call public service , critics shrug off as cynical , opportunistic stunts to win popular support . For Egypt 's impoverished millions , however , motives do n't matter . They need all the help they can get . The Brotherhood is often accused of opportunism , but , if that 's the case , it 's chosen its opportunities wisely . During this year 's uprising , the Brotherhood kept a low profile , letting secular and leftist youth take the lead . When it became clear Mubarak 's days were numbered , the Brotherhood 's presence in Tahrir Square increased steadily . The group 's leaders cheered the fall of Mubarak but never took credit for it . During the recent protests against the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , the Brotherhood stayed on the sidelines . They condemned what they called police brutality , but also rejected calls for them to join the protests . They were bitterly criticized by the activists in Tahrir Square , who warned they would be punished at the ballot box . But the people in Tahrir , not for the first time , misread the public mood . Many Egyptians I spoke with outside the Square said they were tired of demonstrations and clashes , wanted the elections to proceed , and wanted the country to settle down . The large turnout for the first two days of voting , and the dwindling numbers in Tahrir Square , suggest that the Brotherhood once more played its cards well . Call it opportunism , call it clever politics . The result is the same . I met 29-year-old Amna Abdel Aziz as she was going up to the stairs of a school to vote in Sayida Zaynab . "  I 'm going to vote for the Freedom and Justice Party ! " she proclaimed loudly . An office worker and mother of three , she listed her reasons for voting for the Brotherhood 's Party : "  If the Muslim Brotherhood run the country , they 'll fix everything - health , housing , jobs , girls who walk around with their hair uncovered , girls who walk around in the wrong clothing . God willing , they 'll fix everything . " Amna was wearing a headscarf , hijab , not the full face-covering niqab favoured by the ultra-conservatives , so I was a bit taken aback . "  You mean , " I asked , "  the Brotherhood will force women to wear the hijab ? " "  No , no , " she responded . "  They 'll just convince them it 's better for them . " And that seems to be the attitude of many members and supporters of the Brotherhood -- that they 'll bring people over not by compulsion but rather by conviction and example . It 's an attitude 27-year-old interior decorator Hind Mohamed vehemently rejects . The Muslim Brothers , said the unveiled Hind , "  are just liars . They do n't do what they say . They use religion to convince people to vote for them . " Obviously they had n't convinced her . She was waiting in line to vote "  against the Muslim Brotherhood , " she said . The movement 's leaders are well aware that many Egyptians , especially Christians , liberals , leftists and others , are wary of their growing power . Senior Brotherhood leader Issam Al-Arian is quick to reassure them they are all partners in a new democratic Egypt . "  They are our friends , our neighbours , our citizens , they are Egyptians as we -LSB- are -RSB- , and they have the same rights and duties , and nobody can deny that , " he told me on the second day of voting . "  If they oppose us , they are participating in building this country , and are correcting our mistakes , if we commit a mistake . And this is very important for a democratic system . " A few years ago I interviewed Mahdi Akif , then the leader , or Supreme Guide , of the Muslim Brotherhood . Akif , a doctor , had worked in Germany but had also spent many years behind bars under Gamal Abdel Nasser , Anwar Sadat and Hosni Mubarak . "  A long-term guest of the government , " is how he described it with a chuckle . Like so many Egyptians he had a sharp sense of humor . But the smile evaporated when he told me , "  We are a religion , a mission , a programme . I do n't care what the government thinks . What concerns me is that God is satisfied . " Rifaat Said , the wizened old leader of the leftist , secular Agama 's Party shared with me his concerns about the Brotherhood . "  So , if you are not with them , the Brotherhood , with God 's party , are you with the devil 's party ? " Said spent time in prison with the Brotherhood 's Akif , and knows him well . He does n't trust the group . "  If God 's party reaches power , " he asked me , "  who can move them away ? " "  God 's party " is closer today to power in Egypt than it 's ever been .	Muslim Brotherhood members had to endure decades of persecution by Egyptian authorities It has drawn wide support in Egypt during times of crisis when the government was seen as slow It was widely involved in the protests that led to the fall of Hosni Mubarak 's regime But it remained on sidelines during recent protests against the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces
CNN  -- A tiny black spot approaches from the distance in the gray dawn sky , growing larger as it glides through the icy wind against a backdrop of snow-capped mountains . Drawn to the shrill blast of a whistle , the majestic bird of prey soars in for a perfect landing onto the arm of Mingzhe Zhao , the "  falcon king " of Ying Tun . In China 's Jilin province , the tiny rural community of Ying Tun -- known here as the "  Falcon Village " -- the 55-year-old Zhao has , like many of his ancestors , dedicated his entire life to training the fierce feathered creatures . Jilin is one of China 's most isolated provinces . Deep in the northeast , Jilin borders North Korea and Russia . It 's the home of China 's ethnic Manchu , who continue to practice ancient traditions in an effort to preserve their culture . This includes falcon training , which dates to the Qing Dynasty  1644-1911  , an era when the Manchu ruled the entire country . Like hunting and horse racing , raising falcons -- once a form of leisure and entertainment for royals -- remains an admired practice in the region , considered a show of bravery and man 's conquest over nature . It 's practiced in some form or another by most of the men in Ying Tun , which has about 300 households . Chuanxin Jia , photographer and editor for Chinese magazine "  Jilin Pictorial , " has visited the Falcon Village on multiple occasions , where he captured some of the images in the gallery above . "  Trained falcons can hunt 10 to 20 pheasants per day , which can be sold for up to RMB 150  $ 24  each at the local market , " says Jia . "  This money can be used as extra income by local village families . " Falconeering is n't just about making money . Ying Tun 's falcon trainers -- locals call them "  Yingbashi "  falcon masters  -- are emotionally attached to their birds . How to train a falcon Falcons are known for being unruly , says Jia , which makes for an incredibly punishing training process . After capturing a wild falcon from a mountain forest , a master must spend several days in isolation taming it . "  It 's a real battle of willpower , " says Jia . "  But the relationship between a master and his falcon will be unbreakable when it 's all over . " Surviving on minimal sleep , masters spend the bulk of their days staring into the falcons ' eyes . Eventually , the bird will tire and grow docile . Next the bird will be taught to circle the skies , understand its new master 's orders and bring back prey . Hunting season lasts primarily during winter months , when masters are n't busy tending to their farms . In the off-season , masters enjoy the company of their falcons , regarding them as regular pets . Once relatively isolated to outside visitors , Ying Tun has grown famous in recent years as more and more photographers and visitors come for the chance to see masters and birds in action . Held annually the first week of January , the area 's Falcon Culture Festival is particularly popular . More than 80 masters perform ; trained falcons demonstrate incredible hunting skills on open snowfields . Traditional Manchu music and dance performances take place during the opening ceremony . Visitors also eat local cuisine , chat with masters and get close to the falcons . As Ying Tun is a fairly small village , visitors are recommended to stay in the nearby city of Jilin , an hour away from Ying Tun by car . Yulou village , Tuchengzi Manchu township , Changyi district , Jilin , China Photos courtesy of Naihua Zhu , Chengzhi Yang and Chuanxin Jia , photographer and editor of Jilin Pictorial .	In Jilin province , a small village keeps alive Manchu tradition of falcon training Area is growing popular among tourists Falcon trainers spend several days in isolation taming captured birds of prey Mingzhe Zhao , 55 , is known as the "  falcon king " of Ying Tun
CNN  -- With an awesome four-goal display from striker Robert Lewandowski in the first leg of their semifinal last year , Borussia Dortmund all but knocked Real Madrid out of the Champions League . On Wednesday when the teams met again in the first leg of the quarterfinals , it was Real Madrid 's turn to inflict a heavy defeat and realistically seal a spot in the next round . And two men jeered by their own supporters last weekend played a key role , Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale . Both scored -- Ronaldo tied the single season record with his 14th goal before leaving due to injury -- as Los Blancos thumped an under-strength Dortmund 3-0 at Madrid 's Bernabeu stadium . Dortmund pulled off a miracle victory in the 2013 quarterfinals against Malaga and it looks like only a similar scenario would see Jurgen Klopp 's men progress . "  It 's a magnificent result , " Isco , the other Madrid goal scorer , told Spanish television . "  We are pleased with the 3-0 , above all for not conceding a goal . "  It 's a big step towards a place in the semifinals . " In a battle of two clubs rejuvenated thanks to mega wealthy owners , Paris Saint-Germain added to Chelsea 's woes by prevailing 3-1 in Wednesday 's other quarterfinal . Klopp called Real Madrid the "  overwhelming " favorite with his team missing among others the suspended Lewandowski , Neven Subotic , Ilkay Gundogan and Jakub Blaszczykowski -- and it did n't take long for the home team to prove him right . Bale , the world 's most expensive player , poked the ball past Roman Weidenfeller in the third minute . Following a spell where Dortmund managed to contain Real Madrid -- Weidenfeller did , though , keep out Ronaldo 's free kick -- Isco 's low finish in the 27th minute doubled the advantage and the record nine-time tournament champion cruised to the interval . Isco , in the Malaga side ousted by Dortmund , only started because of an illness to winger Angel di Maria . Klopp got a response early in the second half but Dortmund fans must have been ruing the absence of Lewandowski even more . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrik Mkhitaryan missed chances , then Ronaldo got the crucial third from close range in the 57th minute . His 14 goals equal Barcelona rival Lionel Messi 's output in 2011/2012 and Jose Altafini 's European Cup mark for AC Milan in 1962/63 . Defender Pepe 's sliding block prevented Dortmund from getting a goal back . In the lone worry for Real Madrid , Ronaldo was substituted with what appeared to be a leg injury in the 80th minute . Paris Saint-Germain , running away with the French league title , won its 10th game in succession in all competitions . Chelsea , meanwhile , suffered another defeat after a surprise 1-0 loss to Crystal Palace last weekend . The Blues were displaced atop the Premier League by Liverpool . Ezequiel Lavezzi pounced after a poor defensive clearance from John Terry in the third minute -- it was the normally reliable Terry who netted an own goal against Palace . Chelsea , starting without a recognized striker , drew level when the referee ruled Thiago Silva brought down his fellow Brazilian Oscar . Eden Hazard converted for 1-1 from the spot in the 27th minute but David Luiz 's own goal in the 61st gave Paris Saint-Germain the lead . With an away goal , that score probably would n't have been daunting for Chelsea ahead of the second leg . But Javier Pastore beat Petr Cech deep in injury time to alter the complexion of the tie . "  The third goal was ridiculous , " Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  But we played against a great side full of great players , especially the attackers . "  It 's a difficult job now but not impossible , nothing is impossible in football . But they have players who out of nothing can score goals , we are not a team full of talent who can score lots of goals . " PSG , however , saw talisman Zlatan Ibrahimovic limp off in the second half . Before the game , police told CNN there was a fight between Chelsea and PSG supporters and that one was slightly injured . No one was arrested , police added . In Tuesday 's games , Barcelona and Atletico Madrid drew 1-1 while defending champion Bayern Munich was held to a 1-1 draw at Manchester United .	Real Madrid beats Borussia Dortmund 3-0 in the Champions League quarterfinals Cristiano Ronaldo equals the record for most Champions League goals in a season Gareth Bale also scores for Real Madrid in the comprehensive first-leg victory Paris Saint-Germain defeats Chelsea 3-1 in Wednesday 's other quarterfinal in Paris
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's elderly mother will soon tell jurors about her most famous son , as the wrongful death trial of his last concert promoter reaches a midpoint . Jurors heard one of Jackson 's former doctors testify last week that the top producer of Jackson 's comeback concerts knew about the singer 's drug dependency on a previous tour . Katherine Jackson , 83 , has sat on the front row of the Los Angeles courtroom almost every one of the 46 days of testimony . She 's shed tears , sometimes laughed , and at one point last week shouted out the name of one of her son 's movies when a witness could n't remember it . Her emotional testimony will be followed by AEG Live lawyers presenting their defense , which they 've warned will include "  ugly stuff " to prove that Michael Jackson was responsible for his own death . Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live is liable because it hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the pop icon 's overdose death . Murray admitted giving Jackson nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol , which the coroner ruled killed the singer on June 25 , 2009 . AEG Live lawyers argue their executives had no way of knowing that Murray -- whom they say Jackson chose and controlled -- was giving him the dangerous infusions in the privacy of Jackson 's bedroom to treat his insomnia . "  They were a concert promoter . How could they know ? " AEG lead lawyer Marvin Putnam asked during his opening statement 12 weeks ago . "  Do n't be a Dr. Nick " Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live co-CEO Paul Gongaware -- the top producer of Jackson 's "  This Is It " comeback tour -- should have known the hazards of hiring Murray because of his personal experience with Jackson and his work with other artists , including as a promoter on Elvis Presley 's last tour . Gongaware denied in his testimony that he ever knew that Jackson had drug dependency problems while touring . But video testimony shown to the jury last week contradicts Gongaware 's claim . CNN obtained video segments from the deposition of Dr. Stuart Finkelstein , who served as Jackson 's doctor during his 1993 "  Dangerous " tour , which ended early because the singer entered a drug rehabilitation program . "  I said I think we 're going to have a problem , " Finkelstein testified that he told Gongaware , who was then serving as a tour manager on the "  Dangerous " tour . Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle : "  Did you tell Mr. Gongaware that you thought Mr. Jackson had a dependency on opiates ? " Finkelstein : "  Yes . " Boyle : "  And what did Mr. Gongaware say to you ? " Finkelstein : "  He said , ` Do n't be a Dr. Nick . ' " Boyle : "  And by Dr. Nick , was he talking about Elvis ? " Finkelstein : "  Yes . He was Elvis ' doctor . And I think Elvis died with like 14 different chemicals in his system . And he was kind of warning me that , you know , do n't get all infatuated where you start administering meds to a rock star and have the rock star overdose and die on you . " Dr. George Nichopoulos , known as "  Dr. Nick , " was "  the doctor whose overprescription of drugs to Elvis had led to Elvis ' death , " according to a court filing by Jackson lawyers . Presley collapsed in the bathroom of Graceland , his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion , on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . Nichopoulos said later he was treating Presley for insomnia . He was charged with overprescribing drugs to Presley , but he was acquitted . He later lost his medical license in another case . Presley 's death came days before he was to begin a new tour organized by the concert promoter Concerts West , the company that gave Gongaware his start in the music industry . One of his jobs was working with Presley in his last years on the road , he testified . Jackson "  needed to be detoxed " Finkelstein testified that he and Gongaware had discussions about Jackson 's use of Demerol , morphine and other opiates during the "  Dangerous " tour . "  We thought we needed to do an intervention , that he needed to be detoxed , " Finkelstein said . The tour came to an early and abrupt end when actress Elizabeth Taylor flew to Mexico City to lead an intervention that convinced Jackson to enter a rehab facility in London . Finkelstein said Gongaware called him again in the spring of 2009 as preparations for Jackson 's comeback tour were beginning . "  Hey , Stewie , you may have another chance , " the doctor quoted Gongaware as saying . "  Michael 's doing another tour to London and he 's going to want to take a physician . " "  Were you interested in going on that tour to London ? " Boyle asked . "  Very much so , " Finkelstein replied . Finkelstein said he had five to 10 conversations with Gongaware about the job with Jackson and he offered to take it for $ 40,000 a month . But Finkelstein , who is now an addiction specialist , said he had one requirement -- that Jackson be clean of drugs . Instead , Gongaware agreed to pay Murray $ 150,000 a month to work as Jackson 's personal physician . Drug dependent , not addicted A drug addiction expert testified earlier this month that there was "  not a lot of evidence to support " the belief that Michael Jackson was addicted to drugs , but that he was "  drug dependent . " If he was an addict , Jackson "  would be taking drugs that were not prescribed by a medical professional , taking larger amounts than prescribed and have drug-seeking behavior , " Dr. Sidney Schnoll testified . Evidence shows Jackson sought drugs from a number of doctors , but that was not inappropriate because he needed them "  to treat a legitimate medical problem , " including back pain , scalp pain and dermatologic issues , Schnoll testified . The painkillers that forced Jackson to end his 1993 "  Dangerous " tour early so he could enter a rehab program were taken to relieve the pain from scalp surgery needed to repair burns suffered when filming a Pepsi commercial , Schnoll said . The burns left scars on damaged nerves in his scalp , which becomes "  excitable tissue " that "  can be firing just like the nerve , " he said . The result "  can be very painful , like a burning kind of pain -- persistent , sharp , shooting kind of pain , " he said . "  It 's very uncomfortable and one of the most difficult to treat . " Pain relief is a legitimate use of opioid drugs and a person can function normally if they are taken under a doctor 's care , he said . Jackson went from 1993 until 2008 without using Demerol , Schnoll said . The doctor conceded under cross-examination by an AEG Live lawyer , however , that a gap in available medical records may be misleading . Finkelstein testified that many of his records for Jackson had been lost . Jackson 's use of sedatives was an effort to treat his chronic insomnia , Schnoll said . If the underlying sleep problem could be resolved , the chances of ending Jackson 's use of the drugs would have been good , he said .	Katherine Jackson 's testimony will be followed by defense from AEG Live lawyers CNN obtained video clips from the deposition of a former Jackson tour doctor "  I think we 're going to have a problem , " Dr. Stuart Finkelstein said he told Paul Gongaware AEG Live exec Gongaware denied Finkelstein told him about Jackson 's drug use
CNN  -- Top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova tumbled out of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells on Saturday , but two-time champion Kim Clijsters cruised into the third round . Kuznetsova , who lost in the 2007 and 2008 finals , became the first top-ranked player at the Californian tournament to lose their opening match since Clijsters in 2002 . The Russian , who had an opening-round bye , lost 6-4 4-6 6-1 to unseeded Spaniard Carla Suarez-Navarro as she paid for her 69 unforced errors and seven double-faults . "  It 's frustrating , because I know I have the game , " the 24-year-old told the tournament 's official Web site . "  I feel great . I do practice , play unbelievable , and then get to the match and I do n't do much . "  So my thinking is I just need more matches because as soon as I have matches , I keep going . " Suarez-Navarro will play Agnes Szavay in the third round , with the Hungarian 27th seed progressing after a 6-3 6-2 victory against Taiwan 's Chan Yung-Jan . U.S. Open champion Clijsters avoided suffering the same demise as fellow Belgian and former world No. 1 Justine Henin , who lost to Argentina 's Gisela Dulko on Friday . Clijsters , seeded 14th in her first appearance at the tournament since winning it for the second time in 2005 , thrashed Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-2 6-1 . "  I felt good out there today , " Clijsters told the WTA Tour Web site . "  Legs felt good , fresh . It 's important in a match like this , to get through without wasting too much time , but also getting a good rhythm . "  I want to get the game I had when I was playing at the U.S. Open , where I played really well . I want to keep raising the bar . " Clijsters will next face Russian 23rd seed Alisa Kleybanova , who beat Bulgaria 's Tsvetana Pironkova 6-7  5-7  6-3 6-1 . Daniela Hantuchova , another two-time champion , was knocked out by Italy 's Roberta Vinci . The 21st seed was upset 6-3 7-5 despite battling back from 3-0 down in the second set , with Vinci earning a third-round clash with Belgian 13th seed Yanina Wickmayer . Third seed Victoria Azarenka progressed with a 6-1 7-5 win over Austria 's Sybille Bammer , and the Belarussian will next play Spanish 28th seed Maria Jose Martinez . Australian eighth seed Samantha Stosur defeated France 's Julie Coin 6-1 7-6  7-4  to set up a clash with Russian 25th seed Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova . Ninth seed Flavia Pennetta also went through with a 6-3 6-3 win over Czech Petra Kvitova , and the Italian will play Israel 's 17th seed Shahar Peer in the third round .	Top seed Svetlana Kuznetsova exits BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells Russian loses her opening match 6-4 4-6 6-1 to unseeded Spaniard Carla Suarez-Navarro Two-time champion Kim Clijsters cruises into third round , beating Barbora Zahlavova Strycova Third seed Victoria Azarenka also wins in second round on Saturday
CNN  -- Joao Victor Marcari Oliva could become one of Brazil 's brightest Olympic talents , if he can step out of the shadows of a legend : his mum . Oliva is the son of Hortencia Marcari , who led Brazil 's women to the basketball world title in 1994 and Olympic silver at the Atlanta Games two years later . "  Hortencia is a celebrity at the level of a great soccer star here in Brazil , " says basketball writer Marcos Antonio . "  She was a born scorer , a ` clutch player ' -- it was almost impossible to block her shots . She was always on TV . " Oliva says : "  Every time I 'm walking down the street with my mum , there are a lot of fans taking photos of her and people asking for autographs . Sometimes that gets boring -- but it 's nice . " A fraction taller than his mother at 180 cm  5 foot 10 inches  , the teen has shunned a career in basketball . His heart is set on an entirely different sport : dressage . "  I have my mother 's blood when it comes to sport , but my father bred horses . When I was young , I spent all my time with them , " says the 18-year-old , whose mother played in the Atlanta '96 basketball final just months after he was born . "  If my mother was someone else , I would n't be talking to you . A lot of people in the media speak to me because they know my mum . I think that 's a good thing : it 's good for me , and good for my job . " With a home Olympic Games two years away , the Brazilian equestrian team is in the middle of an unprecedented push for success on the world stage . Oliva belongs to the next generation of Brazilian riding talent hoping to capture imaginations , if not medals , at Rio 2016 . Brazil has virtually no history of dressage -- one of three equestrian disciplines at the Olympics -- so Oliva has moved to Germany , one of the sport 's leading nations , to find better tuition . "  I do n't want to win in Rio -- I do n't think that 's possible , " he says . "  I have a lot to learn and Europe is too strong in the sport . But I 'm here , and I will learn like a European . I think I can be a good rider . " The nation has hired world-renowned experts to help its riders develop . New Zealand 's Mark Todd , for example , is coaching the Brazilian eventing team . Todd is one of the most successful riders in the history of eventing , which combines dressage , cross-country riding and showjumping . At 58 , he has twice won Olympic titles  in 1984 and 1988  alongside three bronze medals , including one at London 2012 . "  The Brazilians are a long way behind , but they 're very enthusiastic , " says the 58-year-old , who coaches some of the riders at his base in Wiltshire , England , alongside several trips to South America each year . "  One of the things which struck us most is how little they knew . Yes , they could all ride . But as far as training horses goes ? A lot of them did n't have much of an idea about basic stuff . "  Another thing I will say is that the funding system from the government is very hard to fathom . Although there is money available , the system is n't practical and there are huge amounts of red tape . You 're asked to do a job and they say there will be help , but you spend six months of the year faffing around . " Moving to Europe , like those who have moved to train with Todd , is a rite of passage for many Brazilian riders . Standards are markedly higher east of the Atlantic . Showjumper Marlon Zanotelli moved to Belgium to further his career , even though -- unlike dressage and eventing -- his discipline has history in Brazil . Zanotelli is aiming to follow in the footsteps of his hero , Rodrigo Pessoa , at his home Games in Rio . Pessoa , now 41 , became a star of Brazilian horse sport by winning jumping gold at the Athens Olympics in 2004 . He has a world title and many other honors to his name . "  Rodrigo has always been my idol , " says Zanotelli . "  When they talk about horses , people talk about Rodrigo -- even people who have never seen showjumping . They know who he is . "  There will never be another Rodrigo but I want to win medals and events like he did . " The 26-year-old spent his childhood on the road with his father , a moderately successful eventer named Mario , at tournaments across Brazil . "  Everything is completely different in Europe , " says the younger Zanotelli . "  In Brazil almost everyone has grooms , everyone is spoiled . Here in Europe , most people do all the jobs themselves -- they help the horse themselves , they know how to do everything . "  Luckily , my dad always made me do everything too , so I had some experience of that . Otherwise , I would have arrived here and been completely lost . " Brazil has no shortage of aspiring talent : comparatively new faces like Oliva and Zanotelli line up alongside the likes of Doda Miranda in showjumping and Roger Clementino -- the first African-Brazilian to reach the Olympics , who taught a young Oliva -- in dressage . Then there is Luiza Almeida , who made her Olympic dressage debut at Beijing 2008 aged just 16 , the youngest equestrian rider in the history of the Games . But Todd says Brazil 's success in 2016 will depend on finding quality horses before Rio . "  No matter how good the riders are , you 've got to have good horses , too , " he cautions . "  And good horses take time to produce . "  One of the biggest problems for Brazil is the lack of horse power . Although the Olympics are two years away , two years is nothing in terms of getting a horse educated to compete against all the other countries at the top level . " The Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games , taking place in France , are the biggest test of Brazilian riders -- and their current lineup of horses -- prior to the Rio Olympics . But the riders are already looking to Rio , and what could be the greatest equestrian show of their lives . "  Brazil will put on a great party , " says Zanotelli , who rode well to sit 22nd , seven places behind compatriot Pessoa , after two rounds of showjumping at the World Equestrian Games . "  Many people said many things about the World Cup -- even Brazilians were saying bad things about it -- but in the end , it was a big success . "  This is a big country , and we have a lot of issues , but when the time comes for an event we have really good people who love to host foreigners and put on a good show . "  Every day , when you wake up in the morning , an Olympics in your own country gives you the motivation to keep working . I think it 's going to be amazing . "	Son of Brazilian basketball star is Rio Olympics hopeful in dressage Joao Victor Marcari Oliva , 18 , heads next generation of Brazilian riders Eventing superstar Mark Todd is coaching Brazil team for home Rio Games Showjumpers lead the way for next Olympic host thanks to "  hero " Rodrigo Pessoa
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Los Angeles firefighters and city crews worked for several hours Tuesday to rescue one of their own : a 22-ton firetruck that was nearly swallowed by a water-logged sinkhole . Two firefighters crawled out of the truck 's windows after it sank Tuesday morning . No one was injured . The incident happened after four firefighters took the truck to the San Fernando Valley neighborhood of Valley Village , where flooding had been reported after a water main break , just before 6 a.m. PT . After seeing running water in the road , a fire captain instructed the rig 's driver to back up and had two firefighters get out of the truck to direct it . That 's when the ground gave way and the front of the truck began quickly sinking . The driver and captain crawled out of the truck 's windows to escape . The four firefighters were not injured . Workers had to simultaneously pull and lift the truck to get it out of the sinkhole . Watch workers pull truck from sinkhole CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	Los Angeles firetruck nearly swallowed by sinkhole Tuesday morning Firefighters in truck were responding to flooding call when incident happened Two firefighters escaped truck through windows ; no injuries reported
Many observers point to Moscow 's close ties with Damascus going back to the 1950s as a reason for Russia now acting to defend the al-Assad regime in Syria against its many internal and external opponents . What has apparently been forgotten is that Moscow 's ties with Syria have been plagued by tensions and disagreements throughout this entire period . Underpinning the Moscow-Damascus relationship for over half a century now has been a common antipathy toward America , Israel , and the moderate Arab states . But they have also differed on many issues . When Soviet-Syrian relations first became close during the mid-1950s , Moscow seemed to hope the then-powerful Syrian Communist Party might at least share power with the virulently anti-Israeli and anti-Western Baath Party . But the Syrian Baathists feared the communists and agreed to the 1958 merger of their country with Egypt and even accepted the leadership of the latter 's ruler , Nasser , partly in order to get his help in suppressing the communists . After Nasser helped them do this successfully , he and the Syrian Baathists fell out , and Syria withdrew from their union  officially the United Arab Republic  in 1961 . Moscow restored ties with Damascus , but during the 1960s and early 1970s had much closer relations with Egypt , which had allowed the Soviet Union to build up military and naval facilities there . Soviet-Syrian relations improved after Nasser 's successor , Sadat , switched Egypt from being a Soviet ally to being an American one , and even made a separate peace with Israel . Moscow was also grateful to Syria for being one of the few Muslim states that did not condemn the USSR for invading and occupying Afghanistan . Nevertheless , Moscow and Damascus disagreed on several issues . Although the USSR supplied arms to Syria , Damascus complained that America supplied better ones to Israel , and that this allowed Israel to best Syria on the numerous occasions when their forces clashed . Moscow responded by saying there was nothing wrong with the quality of Soviet weapons ; it was the quality of the Syrian personnel operating them that was deficient . While it broke diplomatic relations with Israel during the June 1967 Arab-Israeli War , the Soviet Union at least recognized Israel 's right to exist . Syria , by contrast , did not . As a result , Syria did not cooperate even with Soviet-sponsored Arab-Israeli peace initiatives . In addition , Moscow was not pleased about Syria 's intervention in Lebanon 's long civil war beginning in the mid-1970 's . Moscow and Damascus often found themselves supporting different factions during it . Further , while Moscow  and many Western states  supported Iraq during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq War , Syria -- practically alone among Arab states -- supported Iran . Syria was not happy with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev for having improved relations with America , the West , the moderate Arab states , and even Israel . And while Russian relations with America and the West deteriorated during the Yeltsin era  1991-99  , this was also a period in which Russia was largely absent from the Middle East and thus did not provide much support for Syria . After Putin rose to power at the very end of 1999 , it soon became clear that he wanted to reassert Russia 's influence in the Middle East and elsewhere . Even so , Russian-Syrian relations did not improve for several years and were actually quite testy until 2005 . Putin was unhappy that Syria was unwilling to repay its Soviet era debt -- some $ 12-13 billion -- to Moscow . Damascus was unhappy about the improvement in Russian-Israeli relations that occurred under Putin , and about Russia 's refusal to sell advanced weapons that Syria wanted but Israel objected to it acquiring . Russian-Syrian relations , though , did improve in 2005 -- the year that Syria withdrew its forces from Lebanon in response to an amazing popular uprising in that country and possibly to Syrian fear of American intervention if it did not withdraw . Moscow and Damascus resolved the debt issue  very much in Syria 's favor  , Moscow began work to revitalize the use of naval facilities at the Syrian port of Tartus that the Soviet Navy had used during the late Cold War era , and the Russian oil firm , Tatneft , gained a foothold in the Syrian petroleum sector . While the West and the Arab League have condemned President Bashar al-Assad 's regime for its violent oppression of the popular unrest against it that arose in 2011 , Russia  along with China  has staunchly defended Damascus in the UN Security Council and elsewhere . Many of the previous Russian-Syrian differences , though , remain -- especially ones concerning Russia 's close relations with Israel and the inability of Syria to obtain certain Russian weapons systems . Should the al-Assad regime manage to crush its internal opponents and remain in power , it is doubtful that these ongoing Russian-Syrian differences will disappear . Moscow is not defending the al-Assad regime because it has been such a great Russian ally . What motivates the Kremlin instead is the fear that if the al-Assad regime falls , what comes next in Syria will be worse for Russia : either a pro-Western , democratic government that has no further need of Russia , or a radical , Islamist regime that is as anti-Russian as it is anti-Western . In either case , Russia would lose influence in Syria . And since Syria is the last country in the Middle East in which it has strong influence , this means Russia will lose influence in the Middle East as a whole . Compared to this prospect , it is not surprising that Moscow prefers to see the survival of the al-Assad regime despite how difficult and uncooperative a partner for Russia it has proven itself to be . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter .	Russia has maintained close ties with Syria since the 1950s Syria one of few states that did not condemn USSR for occupying Afghanistan Russia revitalized their naval facilities in Syrian port of Tartus in recent years Russia fears losing influence in its biggest Middle East ally if the al-Assad regime falls
CNN  -- The security guard suspected of killing a 16-year-old American student in Costa Rica has been charged with simple homicide , authorities said Friday . The suspected gunman worked as a guard at the hotel where the boy was staying in La Fortuna , a popular tourist spot famous for the Arenal volcano . The boy and three others left their rooms after curfew Wednesday night and went to another section of the hotel to visit some friends , according to Marisel Rodriguez , spokeswoman for the Judicial Investigation Organization  OIJ  , which investigates crime in Costa Rica . Around 4 a.m. on Thursday , the boys attempted to go back to their rooms , cutting across a wooded area of the hotel grounds , she said . The security guard saw them , apparently mistook them for robbers and fired his weapon , said Rodriguez . The 16-year-old was shot in the chest and died . He was identified by the McLouth , Kansas , school district as Justin Johnston . Johnston was on a nine-day trip in Costa Rica with this school 's Spanish club when he was killed , the school district said . No other students were injured . Family and friends of the boy gathered for a prayer service at a church across the street from his school . "  It 's heartbreaking , " Zack Willard told CNN Kansas City affiliate KCTV . "  You do n't really know what to think right now being told this . He 's one of my good friends . He was a very good kid . He always did good . He loved sports . He was just an all-around good kid , " Willard said . Simple homicide in Costa Rica is the equivalent of manslaughter in the United States . The guard did not have a permit to carry his gun , as required by national law , said Rodriguez . He will be incarcerated until his trial , she said . CNN 's Nick Valencia and journalist Irene Rodriguez contributed to this report .	A security guard apparently mistook the boy for a thief , authorities say The 16-year-old was in Costa Rica on a trip with his school 's Spanish club He was shot in his chest
CNN  -- Petra Kvitova made a convincing start to her bid for back-to-back grand slams with the loss of just one game in seeing off Kristina Mladenovic of France Tuesday at Flushing Meadows . The Wimbledon champion has come into the U.S. Open after a morale boosting victory in the preceding New Haven tournament and again looked impressive . The third-seeded Czech broke her 73rd-ranked opponent five times in a one-sided contest to earn a second round clash with compatriot Petra Cetkovska . But there was a upset defeat for Australian Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova , who was stunned by 15-year-old American Catherine Bellis 6-1 4-6 6-4 . Bellis becomes the youngest winner at the U.S. Open since Anna Kournikova in 1996 as she beat the 12th seed , who has endured a miserable summer on the hard courts . Other seeds fared better led by by seventh ranked Eugenie Bouchard of Canada , beaten by Kvitova in the Wimbledon final . Bouchard has struggled since her heroics at SW19 , but eased past Olga Govortsova of Belarus on the Louis Armstrong court with a 6-2 6-1 victory . Govortsov had three break points at 2-2 in the first set but could not convert and won just a single game thereafter . Bouchard hit 19 winners overall and few unforced errors to get another grand slam campaign rolling . "  I 'm happy to get a match under my belt and want to keep it rolling this week , " said Bouchard . "  I love playing the grand slams and just want to raise my level at the biggest stages and the biggest matches , " she told the official U.S. Open website . Former world number one Ana Ivanovic , seeded eighth , opened her campaign with a 6-3 6-0 win over American Alison Riske . The Serbian has won three titles in 2014 and beat top ranked Serena Williams in the fourth round of the Australian Open on the way to the last eight , her career transformed last year after a form slump . "  Last year has been amazing change for me . I learned a lot about myself , about my goals , who I am as a person and who I want to be . "  This is what I had to discover -- what was my goal , " she told gathered reporters . But 20th seed Svetlana Kuznetsova made an early exit to Marina Erakovic of New Zealand on the 10th anniversary of the Russian 's 2004 triumph at Flushing Meadows . Kuznetsova was edged out 3-6 6-2 7-6 in two hours 19 minutes . Williams , top seed in the women 's tournament and Swiss maestro Roger Federer were opening their campaigns in the night session later Tuesday .	Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova powers into second round Aussie Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova stunned by 15-year-old Eugenie Bouchard and Ana Ivanovic breeze through Roger Federer and Serena Williams in night time action at U.S. Open
CNN  -- George Zimmerman says he still gets death threats . He 's still accused of racism and he remains a lightning rod for criticism . But in the end , he told CNN , there 's only one judge who matters . "  God , " Zimmerman said in an interview broadcast on CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday . "  I know that ultimately , he 's the only judge that I have to answer to . "  He knows what happened . I know what happened . So I 'd leave it up to him . " It 's been seven months since a Florida jury acquitted Zimmerman of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in Trayvon Martin 's death . Zimmerman thought his life would go back to normal . Troubles often follow high-profile acquittals "  I was hoping for that , " he told Chris Cuomo . But nearly two years after the night when Zimmerman killed 17-year-old Martin in a Florida subdivision , life is anything but the way it used to be for the 30-year-old former neighborhood watchman . His run-ins with law enforcement since the trial 's July conclusion have kept his name in the headlines . He 's recently drawn renewed criticism for using his notoriety to hawk his own artwork . And now , the man who once aspired to become a police officer tells CNN he 's hoping to go back to school and pursue a career as a lawyer "  to stop the miscarriage of justice . " "  I 'd like to professionally ... continue my education and hopefully become an attorney , " he said . "  I think that 's the best way to stop the miscarriage of justice that happened to me from happening to somebody else . I do n't think it should ever happen to anyone ever again , not one person . " Zimmerman maintains that he acted in self-defense within the law when he shot Martin . And he says he was a scapegoat for "  the government , the President , the attorney general . " Talking about Trayvon with your kids ` I 'm sorry for their loss ' Among the misconceptions Zimmerman says still linger about the case : that he 's never apologized to Martin 's family . He said he still thinks about everybody involved : about Martin 's family , and his own . He said he regrets going out that night , but -- citing a pending U.S. Department of Justice civil rights investigation -- says he ca n't answer whether he regrets killing Martin . He said he 'd like to reach out to Martin 's family and apologize , like he did during his 2012 bond hearing . "  I would say exactly what I said on the stand , " he said , "  that I 'm sorry for their loss . " At the time , attorneys for Martin 's family called the courtroom apology a self-serving act by a man facing a life prison sentence . Now , Zimmerman 's no longer facing prison time -- but a string of run-ins with the law since his release have repeatedly sent him back into the spotlight . It started with a speeding ticket . Next , Zimmerman 's wife called 911 , saying he was threatening her and her father with a gun . There were no charges , but Zimmerman 's wife later filed for divorce . Then , Zimmerman 's girlfriend accused him of chasing her with a shotgun . This time , Zimmerman called 911 , to get his side of the story out . His girlfriend later said she wanted charges dropped and lifted a restraining order against him . Boxing match backlash Just when Zimmerman 's name had faded from the headlines , it came up again this month with reports that he 'd be participating in a boxing bout with rapper DMX . After backlash surged , the promoter canceled the fight . Zimmerman says the whole thing was a misunderstanding -- and that there were never any racial overtones when he signed on to do the event for charity . "  It was going to be an unknown person and be a smaller event , " he said . "  If I went out there and got beat up , the charity was still getting paid , " he said . "  I do n't want to get beat up , but I saw it as an opportunity . I never expected it to be , to turn out the way it did . " Even though his name since the trial has repeatedly made the news , do n't expect Zimmerman to comment on current events . Asked by Cuomo to weigh in on the case of Michael Dunn , a Florida man who killed an African-American teen after a dispute over loud music , he said he did n't know enough details . "  I do n't watch news anymore , " he said . "  I watch comedy shows , home improvement shows . So I 'm not well enough informed to give you exacts . " A new hobby During his interview with CNN , Zimmerman 's girlfriend and her young daughter would n't leave his side . Neither , it seems , will controversy -- thanks , in part , to his new hobby : painting art , and selling it . Zimmerman admits he 's pushed to get publicity for his artwork . And it 's worked . His first painting sold for more than $ 100,000 on eBay . "  To be honest , I was hoping to be able to provide a decent lifestyle for my family , " he said . In an interview that aired on the Spanish-language Univision network Sunday , Zimmerman said he was unemployed , had a personal debt of $ 2.5 million and was n't receiving any government benefits . But aside from the possible financial boost , Zimmerman said one painting -- a portrait depicting Special Prosecutor Angela Corey and slamming the U.S. judicial system -- had a deeper purpose . "  It was a creative , tangible forum to show my inner thoughts , my inner feelings . ... It provided a tremendous release for me , " he said . ` They do n't know me ' Zimmerman says he still gets death threats . "  I have a lot of people saying that , you know , they guarantee that they 're going to kill me and I 'll never be a free man , " he said . "  I realize that they do n't know me . They know who I was portrayed to be . " People who accuse him of being racist , he said , do n't understand that he was raised by Peruvian family members and that some members of his family are black . "  Before the trial , during and after , I 've learned that the majority of people , when they sit down with me one-on-one or with my family , they get a completely different perspective on me , " he said . But that does n't change the anger that many people feel about his case , Cuomo told Zimmerman . "  This case became a metaphor , an example . Your face became the face of , ` This is the guy who gets away with killing a black kid , ' " Cuomo said . "  What do you do with that ? " Zimmerman says he 'll keep fighting that accusation , for as long as it takes . "  If it takes one person a day at a time to help them realize that 's not what this case was about , " he said , "  then that 's what I 'll do . " Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	Nearly two years after he killed Trayvon Martin , George Zimmerman speaks to CNN He says he hopes to become an attorney "  to stop the miscarriage of justice " With paintings , Zimmerman says he 's hoping to "  provide a decent lifestyle " for his family "  I do n't watch news anymore , " he says when asked about Michael Dunn 's case
CNN  -- At the time of his death , Heath Ledger had just concluded his work as the Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " the sequel to 2005 's "  Batman Begins . " Heath Ledger died in January at age 28 . He had been expected to hit new heights of stardom . The buzz surrounding his performance was electrifying . He was remaking the Joker ; he was n't a camp comedian like Cesar Romero or a malevolent clown like Jack Nicholson . He was pure nihilism , with his jagged makeup and ragged hair . Even glimpses of his smile on the "  Dark Knight " movie posters were thrilling . And then he was gone . "  We have concluded that the manner of death is accident , resulting from the abuse of prescription medications , " read the New York City medical examiner 's office report , affectlessly . Who knows what could have happened ? The hype surrounding "  The Dark Knight , " partly fueled by Ledger 's death , turned out to have been warranted ; the film earned critical praise and planeloads of money . Ledger has been posthumously nominated for a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild award and is expected to receive an Oscar nomination , as well . Had he lived , he could have named his price . We 'll never know . "  Prediction is very difficult , especially of the future , " the physicist Niels Bohr is credited with saying . Ledger 's movie , "  The Dark Knight " -- with its uncertain , bleak Gotham City -- seemed symbolic of the year in entertainment . A writers ' strike cast a pall over awards season . The paparazzi 's favorite target , Britney Spears , was institutionalized for a time . Pixar 's brilliant "  Wall-E " depicted an Earth abandoned to the waste of consumerism . See some of the year 's top entertainment stories " Even the presidential campaign , source of so many laughs for late-night comedians , was fraught with 3 a.m. phone calls and "  terrorist fist bumps . " Why would n't people be attracted to change and hope ? Hollywood , usually a prime provider of optimism , is littered with the stories of lights put out early . James Dean was 24 when a Ford coupe crossed into his lane and hit his Porsche Spyder head-on near Cholame , California . River Phoenix was 23 when he died of a drug overdose outside the Viper Room in Hollywood . They are two of too many . So : On January 22 , 2008 , Heath Ledger was found dead in a New York apartment . He was 28 . Asking "  what if " is a dead end . "  Saturday Night Live , " many years ago , used to mock it : What if Superman grew up in Nazi Germany ? What if Eleanor Roosevelt could fly ? The past is past , what 's done is done , and the future can be fickle , anyway . So many of the year 's stories had unexpected outcomes . Consider : For almost two decades , movie audiences eagerly awaited a new Indiana Jones film . This year , they got their wish with "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , " and the film was widely criticized for taxing the credulousness of even its most dedicated fans . It 's one thing to chat with a centuries-old Grail Knight , but surviving an A-bomb by hiding in a refrigerator ? Not quite . Then there was the ultimate reality show : the election . If you 'd polled media professionals last year , they might have named Hillary Clinton and Fred Thompson as the future nominees . John McCain 's campaign was on life-support ; Barack Obama 's was struggling . We all know how things turned out . And the election also made a star -- a celebrity , if you will -- of Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential candidate . Palin had a charisma -- the TV execs call it "  breakthrough " -- that , at times , overshadowed the man at the top of the GOP ticket . iReport.com : What was your most memorable entertainment event this year ? There was something else about Palin : She looked like Tina Fey , once the "  Weekend Update " anchor and head writer for "  Saturday Night Live , " now the star of the smart "  30 Rock . " Fey went back on her old show and had great success parodying Palin , driving "  SNL " to some of its highest ratings in years .  Palin also looked like "  King of the Hill 's " Peggy Hill , but unlike Fey , the animated character was n't a Second City-trained comedy performer who could strike in real time . Some observers foresee a bright future for the Alaska governor ; others believe she 'll wear out her welcome . Time , again , will tell . Cast members of "  Saturday Night Live " are object lessons : John Belushi and Chris Farley , gone before their times ; Robert Downey Jr.  1985-86  emerges from a lifetime of troubles with two hit movies and Entertainment Weekly 's Entertainer of the Year distinction . Other notables had a chance to live out three rich acts . Paul Newman , who epitomized the best qualities of a performer and human being -- thoughtful , charitable , capable , courageous -- died in September . Visionary author Arthur C. Clarke died in March ; elemental guitarist Bo Diddley died in June . And comedian George Carlin , who viewed life as "  a ticket to the freak show " and "  a zero-sum game , " died in June . Carlin , who reveled in absurdity , had the right attitude to try to figure out "  what if . " In his surrealist way , he noted that the light at the end of the tunnel could be daylight -- or , maybe , an approaching train . Either way , it 'll be here soon enough . "  The future , " he once said , "  will soon be a thing of the past . "	Heath Ledger died in January , had been expected to reach new stardom Year 's other events included Britney Spears institutionalization , "  SNL " heights Election crossed over into entertainment realms
February 12 , 2014 A pair of diplomatic meetings leads off today 's program , as we cover a state visit at the White House and historic talks in China . We also report on the anniversary of a violent revolution in Iran , and we visit Europe to lend an ear to the world 's loudest speaker . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What images , sounds and background information might help an audience understand the significance of a diplomatic meeting ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . state visit 2 . monarchy 3 . decibels Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is the current president of France ? What were some of the topics discussed at his meeting in Washington with President Obama ? 2 . What word is used in the video to describe the relationship between China and Taiwan ? In what year did Chinese communists force nationalists to flee to Taiwan ? Why was this meeting between representatives of China and Taiwan so significant ? 3 . According to the video , what is the state of relations between the United States and Iran ? What happened in Iran in 1979 that caused a break in ties with the U.S. ? What does the U.S. say is the purpose of Iran 's nuclear program ? How does Iran respond to this charge ? 4 . What is measured by decibels ? What is LEAF ? Where is it located ? What is its purpose ? How loud is it ? How are scientists at the facility protected from its potential danger ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What examples of pomp and circumstance might you expect to find at an official state visit ? Why do you think that leaders often treat visiting heads of state this way ? 2 . What do you know about the history of the relationship between China and Taiwan ? Why do you think that each claims to be the true government of China ? How do you think that the story of their meeting might have been presented in different media ? 3 . How do you think that a government based on a secular constitution might differ from one based on a religion ? What would be a country 's basis for law in each case ? How might the leadership of these kinds of governments differ ? Why might it be difficult for these kinds of governments to relate to each other ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
LONGYEARBYEN , Norway  CNN  -- A vast underground vault storing millions of seeds from around the world took delivery of its first shipment Tuesday . Dubbed the "  Doomsday Vault , " the seed bank on a remote island near the Arctic Ocean is considered the ultimate safety net for the world 's seed collections , protecting them from a wide range of threats including war , natural disasters , lack of funding or simply poor agricultural management . Norwegian musicians performed Tuesday as part of an elaborate opening ceremony marking the opening of the vault , located 130 meters  427 feet  inside a frozen mountain . Wangari Maathai , a Kenyan environmental and political activist who won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize , placed the first seeds inside the vault , followed by other dignitaries . The inaugural shipment represent 268,000 distinct samples of seeds , with each sample containing a hundred-plus seeds and originating from a different farm or field around the world . In all , the shipment of seeds secured in the vault Tuesday weighed approximately 10 tons , filling 676 boxes . The shipment amounts to a 100 million seeds in total , ranging from major African and Asian food staples like maize , rice , and wheat to European and South American varieties of eggplant , lettuce , barley , and potato , according to the Global Crop Diversity Trust , which is paying to collect and maintain the seeds . Watch as "  Doomsday " seed vault opens " Eventually the Svalbard Global Seed Vault , as it is officially known , will hold as many as 4.5 million distinct samples of seeds -- or some 2 billion seeds in total -- encompassing almost every variety of most important food crops in the world , the Global Crop Diversity Trust said . The Norwegian government paid to build the vault in a mountainside near Longyearbyen , in the remote Svalbard islands between Norway and the North Pole . Building began last year . The United Nations founded the trust in 2004 to support the long-term conservation of crop diversity , and countries and foundations provide the funding . "  The seed vault is the perfect place for keeping seeds safe for centuries , " said Cary Fowler , executive director of the trust . "  At these temperatures , seeds for important crops like wheat , barley and peas can last for up to 10,000 years . " The vault 's location deep inside a mountain in the frozen north ensures the seeds can be stored safely no matter what happens outside . "  We believe the design of the facility will ensure that the seeds will stay well-preserved even if such forces as global warming raise temperatures outside the facility , " said Magnus Bredeli Tveiten , project manager for the Norwegian government . The vault sits at the end of a 120-meter  131-yard  tunnel blasted inside the mountain . Workers used a refrigeration system to bring the vault to -18 degrees Celsius  just below 0 degrees Fahrenheit  , and a smaller refrigeration system plus the area 's natural permafrost and the mountain 's thick rock will keep the vault at at least -4 C  25 F  . The vault at Svalbard is similar to an existing seed bank in Sussex , England , about an hour outside London . The British vault , called the Millennium Seed Bank , is part of an scientific project that works with wild plants , as opposed to the seeds of crops . Paul Smith , the leader of the Millennium Seed Bank project , said preserving the seeds of wild plants is just as important as preserving the seeds of vital crops . "  We must give ourselves every option in the future to use the whole array of plant diversity that is available to us , " Smith told CNN . The idea for the Arctic seed bank dates to the 1980s but only became a possibility after the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources came into force in 2004 , the Norwegian government said . The treaty provided an international framework for conserving and accessing crop diversity . Svalbard is designed to store duplicates of seeds from seed collections around the world . The Norwegian government says it has paid 50 million Norwegian Kroner  $ 9.4 million  to build the seed vault . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	Ultimate safety net for the world 's seed collections has opened in Norway The vault received inaugural shipments of 100 million seeds Norwegian govt . built vault in glacial mountain between Norway and North Pole
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal beat 10-man Bosnia-Herzegovina 6-2 on Tuesday to qualify for the Euro 2012 finals . With the playoff first leg in Bosnia tied 0-0 , Portugal were looking for a fast start and got it as Real Madrid star Ronaldo netted early with a trademark free-kick . A second from Manchester United 's Nani after 26 minutes looked to have eased Portugal 's path to Ukraine and Poland next year , but Zvezjdan Misimovic converted an early second-half penalty following Fabio Coentrao 's handball . Ronaldo then scored a superb second to equal Luis Figo 's international record of 32 for Portugal and put his side 3-1 ahead . How should football tackle racism ? An incident-packed second half saw Bosnia lose Senad Lulic for a second yellow , but a goal from Emir Spahic gave them renewed hope against the nervy hosts . However , a late double from Helder Postiga and a further strike from Miguel Veloso saw the Euro 2004 runners-up romp home in spectacular style . They were joined in the finals , as expected , by the Republic of Ireland , who drew 1-1 with Estonia to seal a 5-1 aggregate victory after a decisive four-goal win Friday 's first leg . The Irish -- whose only previous appearance in the finals of a European Championship was in 1988 -- opened the scoring through Stephen Ward after 32 minutes . Estonia 's Konstantin Vassiljev equalized in the second half with a long-range shot which eluded goalkeeper Shay Given . The Czech Republic booked a fifth successive Euro finals place with a 1-0 win in Montenegro . The Czechs led 2-0 from the first leg in Prague , and a fine individual goal from Petr Jiracek in the 81st minute sealed their qualification . It was a similar story in Croatia , where the home side , who led Turkey 3-0 from the first leg , played out a 0-0 draw to go through .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores double as Portugal beat Bosnia 6-2 in Euro 2012 playoffs Portugal win 6-2 on aggregate to reach finals in Ukraine and Poland next year Ronaldo equals Luis Figo 's Portugal record of 32 international goals Republic of Ireland , Croatia and Czech Republic also progress
CNN  -- Jessica Moore knew working for a boss she did n't trust was n't healthy . The 25-year-old epidemiologist from Georgia says her former boss would verbally abuse her and the colleagues she worked with in their office . "  You never knew what would set off this supervisor , " said Moore . "  One minute , this boss would be calm , then the next minute this person would berate you or a colleague in front of others . " Moore said her supervisor would act out in other ways , too , like sending scathing e-mails written in all capital letters . Eventually the situation became so stressful , Moore starting having anxiety and panic attacks . "  I had to lean on my family , friends and co-workers during this period of my career for support and guidance , " she said . "  I would remind myself that I was good at what I did , and the negative situation was only temporary and I would find another job soon . " The public health professional used her connections to find a new job where she is much happier . "  I feel I am accomplishing more in this job because I am more relaxed and trust my supervisor , " she said . "  I feel appreciated and I want to do a great job . " Whether you work at a large corporation or a small company , trust inevitably plays a role . Mickey Parsons , a master certified career coach based in Atlanta , says good leaders understand the power of honesty and trust . Employees want to know they can trust what their supervisors say and do , and relationships can fall apart when trust is lacking . "  Without trust , teams and work groups simply can not sustain satisfactory productivity over time , " said Parsons . So what should an employee do if he or she ca n't trust a supervisor ? CNN.com asked Parsons and certified career coach Hallie Crawford of Atlanta for some advice . Parsons said you need to either find a way to understand and resolve the issues with your boss , or find a new job . Consider these tips , too : 1  As an employee , make sure you are n't contributing to the problem . "  When bosses ` judge ' that someone is not trustworthy they pull away , they do not offer them the best assignments or flexibility that they do others , " said Parsons . "  The first step an employee who mistrusts his boss should do is to look inside and ask if they are giving their boss any reason to mistrust them or act in a certain way . " 2  People tend to trust competence -- make sure yours speaks for itself . Parsons said there 's a saying that at work 20 % of the staff do 80 % of the work . He challenges workers to ask themselves which side people think they 're on . "  If a supervisor does n't see you as competent and hardworking , they may treat you as not trustworthy -- and what you experience in return causes you to mistrust them , too , " said the career coach . 3  Keep a paper trail . Crawford said if you feel there is a problem , document what is happening so you have something to provide your human resources department should the time come . 4  Confront your boss . Consider confronting your supervisor if you think it 's necessary and wo n't hurt your reputation or job -- or confront your boss if you are ready to leave anyway , said Crawford . "  I was in a position where I had a good enough relationship with my boss that if I felt I did n't trust her on something or something was unclear , I could ask her directly and knew she would give me an answer that would clear it up , " Crawford said . Not everyone has this kind of relationship with their boss , however , so you want to tread lightly and not lose a job that you 're not ready to leave , she said . 5  If your boss is violating company policy , consider approaching human resources . "  This depends on if it 's worth it to you to go to HR and how extreme the violation is , " said Crawford . You have to decide if this will jeopardize your job , and if so , decide if you can deal with those consequences , Crawford said .	Whether employed in a large corporation or a small company , trust inevitably plays a role What happens when you do n't trust your boss ? CNN.com asked career coaches for insight Jessica Moore switched jobs to end relationship with untrustworthy boss
Pope Francis -- the Catholic Church 's first Latin American pontiff -- celebrated his birthday Wednesday with a major geopolitical wish granted : The end of a half-century of frozen relations between the United States and Cuba . Francis , who was elected last year and turned 78 on Wednesday , acted as the chief advocate for renewing diplomatic ties between Washington and Havana , officials said . The Pope made a personal plea to President Barack Obama and Cuban leaders in a letter this summer , writing that the two nations should try to reset their relations after decades of friction . "  I want to thank His Holiness , Pope Francis , whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be , rather than simply settling for the world as it is , " Obama said Wednesday as he announced the U.S. policy shift on Cuba . When Obama met the Pope at the Vatican in March , the discussion turned toward moving U.S.-Cuba relations into a new era . White House officials said the Pope specifically addressed the case of jailed American contractor Alan Gross , who was freed Wednesday as part of the new detente between the two countries . The Vatican also hosted talks between U.S. and Cuban delegations in October , where details of Gross ' release and aspects of the new U.S. trade policy were hashed out . "  The Holy Father wishes to express his warm congratulations for the historic decision taken by the Governments of the United States of America and Cuba to establish diplomatic relations , with the aim of overcoming , in the interest of the citizens of both countries , the difficulties which have marked their recent history , " the Vatican Secretary of State wrote in a statement Wednesday . The U.S.-Cuba deal is n't the first time Francis has used his moral authority to try to broker international truces . After visiting the Holy Land in May , he hosted former Israeli President Shimon Peres and Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas at the Vatican for a joint prayer service . Francis Rooney , the U.S. ambassador to the Holy See from 2005 to 2008 , said that top Catholic officials , including current Vatican Secretary of State Pietro Parolin , regularly lobbied American envoys to relax the economic embargo on Cuba . Previous popes , such as Saint John Paul II , who was raised in communist Poland , had little love for totalitarian states but believed that sanctions impoverished ordinary Cubans and isolated a government that might be won over through careful diplomacy . That 's a common approach for the Holy See , said Rooney , author of "  The Global Vatican , " a study of 1,200 years of statecraft by Catholic popes and priests . "  They are focused on the human condition , rather than secular interests . " Cuban-American theologian Miguel Diaz , the U.S. ambassador to the Vatican from 2009 to 2012 , said Wednesday 's breakthroughs represent both a personal and professional triumph . "  This is something that we have worked on for such a long time , " said Diaz , who has born in Havana . "  I raised the Gross case with my Vatican interlocutors regularly . " Diaz , now a professor at Loyola University in Chicago , said talks were particularly intense ahead of former Pope Benedict XVI 's visit to Cuba in 2012 . Relations between the Vatican and Cuba , strained during the 49-year rule of communist dictator Fidel Castro , have improved since Raul Castro replaced his sickly brother as the island nation 's president . Diaz and other Catholics said the presence of the first Pope from Latin America has also played a role in how world leaders view Cuba . Francis has surrounded himself with advisers who have deep experience in Latin America , including Pietro Parolin , who was formerly Benedict 's ambassador to Venezuela . In addition , the Holy See 's former ambassador to Cuba , Archbishop Giovanni Angelo Becciu , is now a high-level diplomat at the Vatican . "  We now have people in the highest offices of the Catholic Church who understand the situation in Cuba , the situation in Latin America , and who also understand the need for a different roadmap to lasting peace , " Diaz said . Cuba was officially atheist from 1962-1992 , and an annual State Department report issued this year said religious activity there is only allowed "  if explicitly authorized " by the government . The Catholic Church estimates between 60-70 % of Cubans are baptized . In October , the Caribbean country allowed the first new Catholic church in 55 years to be built , according to The Associated Press .	The White House says Pope Francis wrote letters to both countries and hosted meetings at the Vatican New Vatican diplomats understand Latin America , former ambassador says The Pope congratulates Washington and Havana on improved relations and release of prisoner
New York  CNN  -- New York City police on Wednesday evening were searching the New Jersey home of Pedro Hernandez , who is accusing of killing Etan Patz more than three decades ago , NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said . Police executed a search warrant as part of an ongoing investigation into Etan , the boy who disappeared on May 25 , 1979 , in New York . Meanwhile , Hernandez 's wife said her husband 's confession to police is coming from a man with mental illness , her lawyer said Wednesday . Rosemary Hernandez "  feels strongly that the confession is unreliable , " attorney Robert Gottlieb said . Pedro Hernandez is charged with the second degree murder of the 6-year-old boy , who disappeared on his way to a New York school bus stop more than 33 years ago . The suspect , who is being held without bond at New York 's Bellevue Hospital , is receiving a medication called olanzapine , according to a source familiar with his medical history . The drug is used to treat symptoms of schizophrenia , according to the National Institutes of Health . He is scheduled to undergo a court-ordered psychiatric evaluation to determine whether he 's competent to stand trial , said his lawyer , Harvey Fishbein . Hernandez admitted choking the boy after luring him into the basement of a bodega , a small grocery store , police said . He allegedly told authorities he threw away the boy 's body in a garbage bag . Etan 's remains have not been found . His lawyer previously told a judge that Hernandez has a history of mental disorders , suffers from hallucinations and is bipolar . "  Mrs. Hernandez has seen her husband 's delusions and hallucinations and other mental illnesses for a very long period of time , " Gottlieb said . Rosemary Hernandez 's lawyer would not elaborate on the mental disorders nor would he provide an example of what his client observed . "  She does not believe the confession at all , " Gottlieb said . Gottlieb said he was asked to represent the wife because of her growing frustration over the case and her desire to make sure prosecutors "  understand the severity and nature of the mental illnesses . " A spokesman for the district attorney 's office had no comment Wednesday . Pedro Hernandez 's next court appearance is scheduled for June 25 .	NEW : New York police obtain search warrant in boy 's 1979 disappearance case Rosemary Hernandez ' lawyer : "  She feels strongly that the confession is unreliable " Pedro Hernandez is charged with the second degree murder of 6-year-old Etan Patz Hernandez admitted choking the boy after luring him into a basement , police say
Venice , Italy  CNN  -- George Clooney , long considered Hollywood 's most eligible bachelor , married British human rights attorney Amal Alamuddin Saturday in a private ceremony in Venice , Italy , his publicist , Stan Rosenfield , told CNN . Clooney arrived by motorboat at a star-studded bash at the Aman Canal Grande Venice resort , housed in the 16th-century Palazzo Papadopoli . "  George , auguri ! " Venetians could be heard offering their best wishes as Clooney waved . "  Auguri ! " Celebrities , paparazzi and the world 's media have been congregating in Venice for the widely anticipated nuptials . The actor and his then-fiancÃ © e were photographed Friday cruising the sun-dappled canals of Venice ahead of their big day . Clooney , 53 , and Alamuddin , 36 , looked happy and impeccably glamorous as they were carried around the city in a motorboat appropriately named "  Amore , " or "  Love , " passing bemused tourists in gondolas as they went . The bride-to-be was dressed in a stylish black-and-white dress , while Clooney wore a sharply tailored gray suit and white shirt with dark sunglasses . The first celebrity guests to arrive were also caught on camera in the city famed for romance , notably actor Matt Damon , American Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and supermodel Cindy Crawford . "  I guess this is , as Dean Martin put it , ` That 's Amore , ' the land of love , " said a tourist visiting Venice from Canada , referring to the late crooner 's signature song . "  Yes , my heart is broken but I 'm excited , " his partner said with a smile . "  He has made the right choice , " an Italian woman said . "  Because Venice is one of the most beautiful cities in the world . " It 's not been confirmed exactly how the wedding weekend will play out . But a notice from the city authorities said that because of George Clooney 's marriage the city hall area will be closed on Monday from 12 p.m to 2 p.m. local or later if necessary -- presumably for a civil ceremony . Paparazzi throng canal side Clooney revealed earlier this month at a celebrity charity event in Tuscany , Italy , that he and Alamuddin would be tying the knot in Venice . According to People magazine , Clooney was receiving a humanitarian award at the black-tie gala , and said during his acceptance speech , "  I met my lovely bride-to-be here in Italy , whom I will be marrying , in a couple of weeks , in Venice , of all places . " Plenty of paparazzi , cameramen and photographers were on the docks facing the Aman Canal Grande . Others were going up and down the Grand Canal on taxi boats . Power couple The nuptials of Clooney and Alamuddin come hot on the heels of the long-awaited marriage of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie last month . The Hollywood power couple went for a low-key ceremony at their estate in France , in which each of their six children had a part to play . Clooney and Alamuddin seem set to make more of a public splash with their event , although since they became engaged in the spring , they 've been largely protective of their relationship . When a Daily Mail report claimed that Clooney and his Lebanese future mother-in-law Baria were at odds , Clooney blasted the publication with a first-person piece in USA Today , and then refused to accept the Daily Mail 's subsequent apology . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin reported from Venice , Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London , Ray Sanchez wrote and reported in New York , Rachel Wells reported from Los Angeles . Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin are married in Venice Italians cheer Clooney as he arrives by motorboat for star-studded bash They were photographed Friday on a motor launch cruising Venice 's canals Actor Clooney and Alamuddin , a human rights lawyer , got engaged in the spring
The village of Asola-Fatehpur Beri is the strongest in India . For generations , men have held two-hour workouts every morning and evening in this countryside community on the southern rim of Delhi . From pre-teens to men nearing 50 , bodybuilders sweat it out at one of the most popular training spots , Akhada , which is a Hindi word that means wrestling arena . This is where brawny men wrestle in mud , climb ropes and perform a few hundred sit-ups and push-ups , balancing their hands on bricks . They carry each other on their shoulders -- all part of the traditional Indian way of working out . One lifts a 350 kilogram  771 pound  motorcycle up to his chest . The group of about 40 males exercises outside , each wearing a simple loincloth . "  They eat healthy and on time , they practice here everyday , and that 's why they are so strong , " says Vijay Tanwar , the head-trainer at Akhada . The musclemen of Asola-Fatehpur Beri are capitalizing on their brawn by working as bouncers in New Delhi 's clubs and bars . As more nightspots open in India 's capital , there 's a greater need for men to guard the doors , and the musclemen from this rural village are filling most of that demand . Profitable muscle Tanwar is credited with starting this new trend . Fifteen years ago , he missed out on a place in India 's wrestling team for the Olympics . He says he was looking for an opportunity where he could use his muscle and power , and so took a job as a bouncer . "  I was the first bouncer from this village , " he claims . "  Then everyone followed my path . More than 300 musclemen work as bouncers in New Delhi 's clubs and bars now . " They 've learned that pumping iron is a way to stay fit and earn a living . "  As they say health is wealth . We are healthy but we 're also earning good money , able to send kids to good schools , eat well -- what else does one need in life ? " he says . Building muscle is n't only about becoming a bouncer in Delhi . Disciplined training is very important for these men and part of a tradition in the village . "  There are few modern gyms in the village , but most men prefer the traditional style of working out , " Tanwar says . "  It makes your body flexible and the risk of injury is less as well . " The musclemen do n't drink or smoke . And the majority of them are vegetarians with diets that consist mostly of fruit , nuts , yogurts and lots of milk . "  We do not consume any muscle enhancing supplements , " Tanwar says . Building muscle in a new generation Urged by his parents , Sonu Tanwar , 19 , gets up at 5 a.m. to go running and then to the Akhada . Tanwar , who represents the younger generation of bodybuilders , says : "  I want to be a great wrestler and make my parents proud . I play in the 66 kilogram category and have won several championships . " Instilling a habit of working out in young males is important , says Guru Lekhraj , a 75-year-old native of the Asola-Fatehpur village . "  Children are prone to bad behavior between the age of 17 and 27 , but if we get the child interested in physical exercise and good health , bad behavior will not be an influence . This is what our ancestors have taught us as well . Who will teach if not the elders ? " Lekhraj comes to the Akhada often to observe the men working out . He 's a respected figure among the musclemen , and is considered the bodybuilding guru of the village . Due to Lekhraj 's age , he can not participate in training anymore but says he is very happy the young generation is continuing the legacy . "  What mother does n't want her son to be strong , well-built , handsome and smart ? " Lekhraj says . In the case of Asola-Fatehpur Beri , bodybuilding also means building a legacy .	Men gather for four hours each day to exercise in rural village Asola-Fatehpur Beri Tradition of exercising has turned village into recruitment grounds for Delhi bouncers Musclemen follow tradition of eating vegetarian , abstain from smoking and alcohol
CNN  -- Four NFL players will be eligible to play this weekend despite having been suspended for their involvement in the New Orleans Saints ' controversial "  bounty " program , the league said Friday . Their suspensions are to be reviewed by Commissioner Roger Goodell , according to the NFL . The move came shortly after a ruling by a three-member appeals panel . "  Consistent with the panel 's decision , Commissioner Goodell will , as directed , make an expedited determination of the discipline imposed for violating the league 's pay-for-performance/bounty rule , " said league spokesman Greg Aiello . "  Until that determination is made , the four players are reinstated and eligible to play starting this weekend . " In March , the league suspended four current and former Saints players -- Jonathan Vilma , Scott Fujita , Anthony Hargrove and Will Smith -- concluding that they had leadership roles in the pay-for-injury program . "  I ca n't wait to see Jonathan on the field , " said Vilma 's attorney , Peter Ginsberg . "  He 's fought long and hard for a measure of justice . " Vilma tweeted : "  Victory is mine !!!! - stewie griffin . " Stewie Griffin is the name of a child character in the animated TV show "  Family Guy " for whom "  victory is mine " is a catchphrase . Smith also tweeted Friday , saying , "  Thank you to everyone involved in the process of this solution . And everyone who supported us through this whole ordeal . " Fujita said he was "  overwhelmed with all the support . " "  Thank you so much everyone , " he tweeted . "  Ca n't tell you how much it means to me . " The league also suspended three coaches and the Saints ' general manager this year . The panel 's ruling does not affect them . Vilma , a defensive captain , helped the team 's defensive coordinator establish and fund the program , the league said in a news release . "  Multiple independent sources also confirmed that Vilma offered a specific bounty -- $ 10,000 in cash -- to any player who knocked Arizona quarterback Kurt Warner out of the 2009 Divisional Playoff Game and later pledged the same amount to anyone who knocked Minnesota quarterback Brett Favre out of the 2009 NFC Championship Game the following week , " the league concluded after a months-long internal investigation . The NFL said its investigation found that the Saints had an "  active bounty program " during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons . During this time , players were purportedly offered payments if they managed to hurt opposing players and knock them out of a game . Vilma then sued the NFL and Goodell , saying his reputation and professional career were being "  irreparably harmed . " NFL commissioner Goodell announces anti-bounty steps NFL Week 1 : The best photos SI : NFL Week 1 storylines	NEW : Vilma tweeted : "  Victory is mine !!!! - stewie griffin . " They will be allowed to play while the reviews are under way Players were offered a bounty to knock out quarterbacks , the league says Vilma sued the NFL and Commissioner Roger Goodell
Beijing  CNN  -- It is a striking image that in an instant crystallizes the passions and anger on the streets of Beijing . A man is leaning out of the sunroof of a car driving down a six-lane freeway , holding a massive Chinese flag in one hand and , in the other , a portrait of Mao Zedong . "  The islands are ours , " he yells , referring to China 's claim on what it calls the Diaoyu islands . He denounces Japan , and others in the car raised clenched fists , threatening to go to war . Protests have flared for another day across the country . This is not just any day , it is the anniversary of the incident that set off the Japanese invasion of China in 1931 . The wounds of history run deep amongst generations raised on stories of the brutality of Japanese occupation . The row over the islands is tearing at those old scars . These are indeed confused times ; old-style Maoism , anti-Japanese hatred , ancient territorial claims and a rich nation 's hunger for national resources are fueling passionate and at times violent protests aimed at the Japanese . The islands dispute is a magnet for a grab bag of competing agendas . Japanese plants close amid Chinese fury The open displays of anti-Japanese fury , say some China watchers , is a convenient distraction for the Communist Party as it grapples with a fraught leadership transition marked by political scandal , murder , "  disappearances " and infighting . The appearance of the iconic Mao images lends a revolutionary fervor to these protests . The father of China 's Communist Party is not seen as synonymous with the new economic powerhouse . He harks back to a more brutal time . But this is not just about anger and pride , it is about money . Lying beneath the uninhabited islands are vast natural resources . China is hungry for oil and gas to power its economy . But most of the argument here is framed around history ; unfinished business with Japan and China 's rising economic significance in the world . Chinese analysts like Guo Xiangjiang , the Deputy Director of the China Institute of International Studies , say there should be no question about who owns the islands . "  There shouldnÂ ¹ t be any discussion on Diaoyu island . It has always been a part of China , " he says . China says its claim on Diaoyu extends back hundreds of years . Japan says China ceded sovereignty when it lost the Sino-Japanese war in 1895 . Japan 's surrender in World War II clouded the issue again . How a remote rock split China and Japan But in 1972 , the United States returned Senkaku to Japanese control as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . China refuses to recognize these agreements . China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesman , Hong Lei , has effectively told the U.S. to keep out of the issue . "  We hope that the U.S. can earnestly honor its principle of not taking positions on the Diaoyu issue , " he said . On the streets it is all about Japan . Thousands marched outside the Japan embassy in China Tuesday . "  Kill Japan ! " one woman yells . Another turns the question on us . "  Would you not fight for Hawaii ? Would you not fight for Washington D.C ? Of course we will fight for Diaoyu , " the protester asks . China normally clamps down on protests like this . Public displays of anger are not allowed . But this is different : this is Japan . Nationalism works for the party right now , Mao images and all ; better to keep the people focused on an enemy outside than the enemies within .	Passion and anger merges in Chinese street protests Protesters directing anger towards Japan over disputed islands Japan bought what it calls the Senkaku Islands from private owner China has long claimed it owns the islands , calls them Diaoyu
CNN  -- Rain lashed parts of the Philippines on Saturday as Typhoon Hagupit barreled toward the coast , bringing roaring winds and the threat of massive storm surges . Satellite images show the eye of the storm , which lost its super typhoon status again Saturday , about 250 kilometers  150 miles  off the eastern coast of the island nation . The storm , the strongest so far this year , is expected to make landfall Saturday evening or Sunday morning , local time , over the Eastern Samar to Northern Samar area , according to the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration  PAGASA  . It 's packing sustained winds of 175 kilometers an hour  109 mph  near the storm 's center , with gusts of up to 230 kph  143 mph  . Millions of people have been scrambling to get out of the typhoon 's way , or battening down in hotels on higher ground , away from the coast . Public storm warning signals have been applied in a number of provinces amid predictions winds could rip off roofs , cut power and damage buildings . Residents in low-lying areas have been warned about possible flash floods and landslides . Preparing for the worst While current forecasts show the storm skirting north of Tacloban , the people there are n't taking any chances . They suffered enormously when Super Typhoon Haiyan smashed into the coast last November , killing more than 6,000 people and creating apocalyptic scenes of splintered houses , ships on streets and and debris piles for as far as the eye could see . Tacloban Mayor Alfred Romualdez said they 're better prepared this year after learning the lessons of Haiyan a year ago . Residents are taking the storm warnings seriously and most people have fled the city , he said . This time , Hagupit , known locally as Typhoon Ruby , is expected to cross the coast farther north , toward Legazpi . Officials there expected to evacuate an estimated 75,000 people ahead of the typhoon 's arrival , Mayor Noel Rosal said Friday . "  There 's a danger that there will be heavy rains for about four hours and I am very , very worried at this moment , " Rosal said . Most forecasters predict the storm will move northwest through the island nation after landfall , passing south of the capital city of Manila . PAGASA projects that the storm will exit the country on Wednesday . Hagupit , the name used by World Meteorological Organization , means "  lash " in Filipino . Fears over effects of the storm With the storm fast approaching , authorities are not only worried about the typhoon itself , but the effects of the fierce winds , possible flooding and storm surge . PAGASA warned of intense rainfall between 7.5 millimeters and 20 millimeters per hour and rough seas . It also warned of storm surge that could reach up to 5 meters  16 feet  high . More than 80 domestic flights were canceled , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Schools , businesses and government offices closed at the end of the week to give people time to prepare . Government agencies stockpiled tens of thousands of canned food packages in case of shortages . Shop owners nailed boards on windows to protect them from wind , while fishermen moved boats onto dry land . Many Filipinos took to social media to spread warnings and urge one another to prepare and pray for the country . "  Hoping for the best , expecting the worst , " Twitter user jinglebelles17 posted .	The typhoon is expected to make landfall between Eastern Samar and Northern Samar It could hit north of Tacloban , which suffered last year in Super Typhoon Haiyan Officials warn of heavy rain and storm surges
Alpharetta , Georgia  CNN  -- A disease that Mackenzie Bearup compares to a bomb going off in her knee prompted the 16-year-old to seek escape in the comfort of reading . Now she 's helping thousands of troubled children soothe their own pain -- within the pages of donated books . "  When I read , it 's a real escape , " Bearup says . "  I try to take myself into the book instead of in the real world where I 'm in so much pain . " Her personal discovery that books could be used to ease discomfort was an idea that Bearup ultimately chose to share with homeless and abused children throughout the country . Bearup 's journey began six years ago when she was jumping on a bed and dancing to TV 's "  American Idol . " Suddenly her knee started "  hurting unexplainably , extremely bad , " she recalls . The next day , the fifth grader 's knee swelled to the size of a grapefruit . After a week on crutches , it was even worse . Her knee collapsed when she tried to walk . After a series of misdiagnoses , doctors later diagnosed Bearup with Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy , also called Complex Regional Pain Syndrome . The disease causes the nerves and blood vessels in the affected area to tell the brain "  that the injury is still there , " says Dr. James Yost , Bearup 's pain-management physician . There is no cure , Yost said . From 200,000 to 1.2 million people have RSD , ranging from mild to severe , according to the Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy Syndrome Association Web site . "  The kind of pain I feel is very hard to describe , " Bearup says . "  It will explode at random times -LSB- and -RSB- when something touches it , it 's like I 'm getting stabbed multiple times . " Medications and treatments failed to alleviate the constant pain in Bearup 's knee . At some points , the extreme discomfort forced her to remain in bed for months , unable to walk . The only thing that took her mind off the pain , she says , was reading . So when her pediatrician told her about kids living in nearby Murphy-Harpst Children 's Center in Cedartown -- a residential treatment center for Georgia 's most severely abused children -- Bearup had an idea . "  I think any child being in horrible , intense pain like this , they need something . And something that I knew that helped me was books . " She learned that the center had just built a library , but had no books to fill it with . "  I asked everyone I knew to donate books , and then I asked them to tell their friends , " said Bearup , who spread the word further by stuffing flyers inside mailboxes , placing ads in newspapers , and launching a Web site . Bearup 's goal was to donate 300 books , but she soon had 3,000 . Once the library at Murphy-Harpst reached capacity , Bearup turned her attention to other places -- providing reading material to youngsters in homeless and domestic violence shelters , children 's homes and treatment centers . How to nominate a CNN Hero "  Reading is n't just an escape , you can learn a lot , too , and that 's very important for homeless and abused children , " said Bearup . "  Staying in high school is one of the things that will help you most in life , to be able to get a job and be able to support yourself . " Since 2007 , Bearup has collected and donated more than 38,000 books for homeless and abused children in six states . With her mother 's help , the teenager launched her official nonprofit -- Sheltering Books -- in 2009 . Although donations are readily accepted , Bearup and her mom scour garage sales in the suburban Atlanta area to collect books . With the help of her brothers -- Alex , 14 , and Benjamin , 11 -- Bearup sorts the books into categories , such as age , gender and interest , and delivers them to shelters . She 's so far donated books for libraries and reading rooms in 27 different shelters . "  Sometimes a child will tell me how much they liked a book from a library I 've helped to create and it really makes me happy , " says Bearup . "  I try to suggest books that kids will like . And sometimes , when I meet a 10-year-old girl , I 'll suggest she check out the books I liked when I was her age . " To help further encourage reading , Bearup developed a pamphlet that suggests reading programs for groups , such as crafts based on books and family bonding through reading . While Bearup still lives with constant pain , she says she feels better helping others . "  If one homeless or abused child finds a love of reading through books that I 've given them , then that will help them in school and just turn their life around entirely , " she said . "  I really think that reading can do that for someone . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Sheltering Books Web site and see how to help .	Mackenzie Bearup , 16 , escapes painful disease through reading She created book charity to help troubled children soothe their pain too Bearup has collected , donated 38,000 books for homeless and abused kids since 2007 Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho is under fire from a Muslim leader in Italy after his criticism of Sulley Muntari for fasting during Ramadan . Mourinho was unhappy with the performance of Muntari and his team on Sunday . Ghana midfielder Muntari was taken off after just half an hour of Inter 's disappointing 1-1 home draw against Bari as they began their defense of the Serie A title on Sunday . Mourinho pulled no punches in the post match press conference when he implied that the former Portsmouth star had played poorly because he lacked energy due to his fast . "  Muntari had some problems related to Ramadan , perhaps with this heat it 's not good for him to be doing this , " Mourinho told reporters . "  Ramadan has not arrived at the ideal moment for a player to play a football match . " The former Chelsea manager , who is renowned for his outspoken comments , even suggested that Muntari would be dropped for this weekend 's derby match against city rivals AC Milan . But his comments were seized on by Mohamed Nour Dachan , president of the union of Islamic communities in Italy . "  I think Mourinho could do with talking a little less , " he told SKY TV . Dachan said that Muntari would gain mental strength from his Muslim beliefs to help him overcome the handicaps of fasting during daylight hours . "  A player who is a believing Christian , Jew or Muslim is certainly calmer pyschologically and that improves his performance , " he claimed . Whether Mourinho carries out his threat to drop Muntari is open to questions because Sunday 's match in the San Siro kicks off after sundown in Italy , leaving the player some time to rehydrate . Meanwhile , the Egyptian team preparing for the under-20 World Cup in their home country have turned down the chance to break their fast . The country 's religious authorities gave the squad members permission to avoid fasting during Ramadan , but the team ignored the instruction . The competition starts just a few days after the end of Ramadan , but the team is in strict training in a bid to claim the prestigious title .	Jose Mourinho in hot water over remarks about midfielder Sulley Muntari Inter boss claimed Muntari 's fasting for Ramadan had affected his play Muslim leader in Italy says Mourinho 's comments are ill-informed
Nasdaq suffered its second high-profile embarrassment in six months when it was forced to cancel trades in Kraft Foods after a trading glitch caused the company 's shares to soar nearly 30 per cent . The error marred the completion of the recently split group 's switch to Nasdaq and evoked memories of the exchange 's botched handling of the Facebook flotation in May . The trading error and cancellation came a day after US regulators met to address concerns about the impact of technology on market stability . Weeks after Nasdaq 's bungled handling of Facebook 's public offering , a software error at Knight Capital caused the electronic trading and brokerage company to suffer a $ 440m loss , sending it to the brink of bankruptcy . Kraft shares , which together with Mondelez , the global snacks group created in the split , switched their listing from the New York Stock Exchange to Nasdaq , surged as much as 28.9 per cent to $ 58.54 in the first minute of trading seconds after Irene Rosenfeld , the company 's former chief executive , rang the market 's opening bell . Within an hour , Nasdaq and other stock exchanges conducted a review of the processed trades , deemed them erroneous and cancelled them . Initial investigations suggested the erroneous trades were the result of a faulty trading algorithm . The episode highlights concerns among some market participants that the speed of transactions , driven by technical advances , often leaves the market susceptible to potentially hazardous errors . "  That 's the problem with our market structure today , there is no room for any type of error , " said Sal Arnuk , co-head of Themis Trading and a critic of high-frequency trading . "  These electronic trading systems and the HFT market-makers are set up to inflict the maximum amount of pain on any mistake . " Kraft 's shares quickly retreated after the trades were cancelled and closed down 1.2 per cent to $ 44.87 . "  Participants should review their trading activity for potentially erroneous trades and request adjudication through the ` Clearly Erroneous ' process within the applicable timeframe for filing pursuant to the rule , " Nasdaq said in a statement . Kraft said the company was looking into the situation but declined to comment further . "  Trading in Kraft was affected by a broker error that impacted multiple stock exchanges , " Nasdaq said . "  Nasdaq 's systems performed normally and the industry 's process for handling these issues worked as intended . " The exchange declined to name the company where the trading error originated . Eric Hunsader , chief executive of Nanex , a market data company , said the problem appeared to be an algorithm that was trying to buy 30,000 shares in Kraft but did not want to skew the market by buying them all at once . "  The trades were spread out by milliseconds and look to have executed at 11 different trading venues , " Mr Hunsader said . Ms Rosenfeld decided last year to separate Kraft into a US grocery business , which would maintain its name , and an international snacks business to be called Mondelez , which she would lead . Kraft said last June that both companies would be listed on the Nasdaq , dealing a blow to the NYSE . The move surprised some after glitches occurred during the opening minutes of trading for Facebook but Kraft said it was confident in Nasdaq and that it had been drawn to the exchange 's liquidity and cost effectiveness .	Nasdaq suffered its second high-profile embarrassment in six months Forced to cancel trades in Kraft Foods after a trading glitch cause shares to soar Came a day after market regulators met over concerns on the impact of technology Comes after Facebook , Knight Capital trading blunders in recent months
CNN  -- Alana "  Honey Boo Boo " Thompson and her family came out of a car crash without serious injuries Monday night , but "  Mama June " says they 're "  really sore today . " The reality TV stars ' Chevrolet Suburban collided with a pickup at an intersection in Milledgeville , Georgia , Police Maj. John Davis told CNN Tuesday . "  It was really scary for us , since it was the first time any of us had ever been in a wreck , " "  Mama June " Shannon said in a statement sent to CNN by TLC , the channel that carries the series . "  Sugar Bear " Thompson -- Alana 's father -- was driving the SUV when the crash happened , Davis said . None of the family was taken to a hospital although there were complaints of pain , he said . Paramedics checked them out at the wreck scene , he said . "  We are definitely really sore today , but our top priority is to celebrate Pumpkin 's birthday , " the mother said . "  She turned 14 today , and no matter how sore we feel , we are going to go out and celebrate . As always , we want to thank everyone for their support and well wishes . " Pumpkin is one of Alana 's older sisters . Police in Milledgeville , which is about 20 miles north of their hometown of McIntyre , Georgia , were still investigating , Davis said . The subtle art of subtitling ` Honey Boo Boo ' Greatest quotes from Season 2 CNN 's Carolyn Sung and John Branch contributed to this report .	The reality TV family 's Suburban collided with a pickup in Milledgeville , Georgia "  It was really scary for us , " says "  Mama June " Shannon says They 're not too sore to celebrate Pumpkin 's 14th birthday on Tuesday , she says
CNN  -- Former CBS News correspondent Bruce Dunning died Monday from injuries suffered in a fall , CBS News said . He was 73 . The longtime foreign correspondent retired in 2005 after 35 years at CBS News . He spent most of his career reporting from Asia , where he opened the Beijing bureau in 1981 , and became the network 's Tokyo-based Asia bureau chief in 1989 , CBS said . Dunning was best known for a 1975 report on the last flight out of Da Nang toward the end of the Vietnam War , the network said . His video showed throngs of people storming the plane , hoping for a ride . He returned to Vietnam to cover the 10th and 20th anniversaries of the fall of South Vietnam , CBS said . Dunning earned degrees from Princeton and Columbia University . He began his career as a reporter for the St. Petersburg Times in Florida , CBS said . He lived in Union City , New Jersey and died at Mt. Sinai Hospital in Manhattan . Dunning is survived by his partner , Tetsunori Kawana , a brother and his sister-in-law , CBS said . People we 've lost in 2013	Bruce Dunning worked at CBS News for 35 years He died Monday from injuries suffered in a fall , the network says Dunning is reportedly survived by his partner , a brother and his sister-in-law
Forget about the big screen , the small screen and even the second screen . A headset due to be released this year promises to beam movies , video games or even video calls directly into your eyeballs . Yes . The Glyph headset , from Ann Arbor , Michigan-based Avegant , will create visuals that do n't need a screen -- just your retinas and your brain . If that conjures up exciting images of living like "  Star Trek 's " Geordi La Forge or Cyclops from "  The X Men , " you 're not alone . A Kickstarter campaign was launched last month and set out to raise $ 250,000 to bankroll the project . It blew past that mark with ease and , with half a month left , was on the verge of breaking the $ 1 million mark Wednesday . "  We knew we had something really cool and that we 'd do well on Kickstarter , but nobody thought we 'd hit our goal in less than four hours , " said Edward Tang , Avegant 's CEO . "  It 's like ordering flowers for your girlfriend and they show up with a whole truck full of flowers . " The technology that powers the Glyph centers around a set of 2 million microscopic mirrors -- 1 million per eye -- that reflect visuals , including 3-D , into the user 's eye . Unlike some entries into the emerging wearable tech field , the Glyph wo n't be limited to a set of specially designed apps . Tang said the headset , which donors can receive for a $ 499 "  donation " to the campaign , is designed to plug into just about anything you own that has a screen -- be it a smartphone , laptop , television or gaming console . Users would play the video content on their mobile or entertainment device but watch it on the Glyph instead of their device 's screen . The Glyph has a battery life of about three hours , Tang said . "  I think Google Glass is really interesting ...  but  I think it 's a couple years away , " he said . "  If you ask people what they 're doing with their devices today , they 're streaming Netflix , they 're playing video games and they 're listening to music . We created a device that really focused on those aspects . " The startup also wanted to avoid the "  Glasshole " effect . Google promises Glass will be stylish when it 's released to the public , but the look of early test versions has been distracting to some and downright jarring to others . Glyph , on the other hand , looks like a pair of headphones sitting on the user 's head when not in use . In fact , it doubles as a pair of high-end headphones with noise canceling that compares with some of the leading brands on the market , according to Avegant . To add visuals , the user flips down the band over their head , making it an eyepiece . The company has opened the headset to outside developers , who they hope will find unexpected uses for its features , which include head-tracking technology . "  By giving developers this brand new tool box , they start to think of amazing applications that we could n't in our wildest dreams come up with , " Tang said . But , wait . Mom always said not to sit too close to the TV set . And we all know that bleary-eyed feeling we get from staring at a smartphone or tablet for too long . Wo n't this be worse ? Quite the opposite , Tang said . He said eye fatigue comes from staring at the artificial , pixelated light from our screens . Remove the screen , remove the problem . "  We agree with the moms of the world , " he said . "  What we 're doing is mimicking the actual light around you ... . It 's the kind of light that your eyes have been conditioned to see , have evolved to see . " It 's all so magically futuristic sounding . Which raises an obvious question : Is Glyph all hype ? Folks who have taken an early look do n't think so . At January 's International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Glyph was one of 40 products chosen for the Editor 's Choice Award . More than 3,200 exhibitors attended the show . "  What I could tell was that the projected image , just like my last time with Avegant 's virtual retinal display tech , was exceedingly bright and vivid , lacking any sense of pixelation , " CNET 's Scott Stein wrote from CES . "  A deep-sea 3-D movie looked like it was projected in a tiny little movie theater in front of my eyes . " David Pierce wrote for The Verge : " ` Life of Pi ' displayed perfectly in 3-D without any tweaking , and I played ` Call of Duty : Ghosts ' right off a PlayStation 3 . All you need to do is to tune the glasses -- you focus each eye individually , then set the two eyeholes the right distance apart so they create a single picture . From then on , content just works . " The Kickstarter campaign runs through February 21 . Avegant plans to ship units to donors by the end of the year and says the model that will ship will be smaller and lighter than the test models on display . Avegant is based in the heart of Michigan 's manufacturing region and hopes to manufacture the Glyph as much as possible in the United States , Tang said .	Avegant Glyph promises to project images directly into the user 's eyes , brain The headset has raised nearly $ 1 million on Kickstarter It 's compatible with smartphones , TVs , gaming consoles and most anything with a screen It 's going for $ 499 and expected to be released late this year
CNN  Britain 's Lewis Hamilton made the perfect start to his world title defense by winning the opening race of the F1 season in Australia Sunday to lead a Mercedes one-two in Melbourne . Polesitter Hamilton controlled the race on the Albert Park street circuit to win from teammate Nico Rosberg of Germany . Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel took the final podium position for his new team Ferrari , holding off Felipe Massa in the Willams . It was the 34th career victory for two-time world champion Hamilton and underlined the continued dominance of Mercedes as he and Rosberg pulled well clear of their nearest challengers . Hamilton , who was forced to retire early in last year 's Australian Grand Prix , was taking the checkered flag in Melbourne for the first time since 2008 , when he claimed his first world title for McLaren . It had all gone completely to plan until coming face to face on the victory podium with movie legend Arnold Schwarzenegger , who was conducting the post-race interviews . "  Hey man , WOW , " said a surprised Hamilton . "  It is an incredibly feeling to continue winning but also great to be up here with you . " Then taking his courage in his hands , Hamilton cheekily told ` The Terminator ' "  I thought you were taller ! " After getting the thoughts of Rosberg and Vettel , who said it was a "  very big honor " to gain his first points for Ferrari , Schwarzenegger turned his attention back to Hamilton . The pair signed off by saying together : "  I 'll be back , " the catchphrase from Schwarzenegger 's iconic 1984 film . With Hamilton winning his seventh race from eight starts , his F1 rivals would probably rather he stayed away and Rosberg admitted "  he was driving to his max " but could not match the pace of his teammate . Only 11 cars finished the race from a depleted grid of 15 cars , with Valtteri Bottas unable to start for Williams due to a back injury . Pastor Maldonado crashed out on the first lap as the safety car was deployed , while his teammate Romain Grosjean retired early in the 58-lap race to complete a miserable afternoon for Lotus . Britain 's Jenson Button in an uncompetitive McLaren was the only driver to finish without a point in 11th place . His regular teammate Fernando Alonso sat out the race after his nasty crash in pre-season testing in Barcelona , while stand-in Kevin Magnussen retired after the warm-up lap . Kimi Raikkonen looked set to underline Ferrari 's improvement when running in fifth place , but had to retire the car , with TV replays indicating his left rear tire was not fitted properly after a pit stop . It left the way clear for rookie Felipe Nasr of Brazil to claim an unexpected fifth place for Sauber , which went through the 2014 season without claiming a single point , and also took eighth spot with Marcus Ericsson . Home hopes rested with Daniel Ricciardo , third in last year 's title race , but he looked off the pace in the Red Bull in sixth place . Force India pair Nico Hulkenberg and Sergio Perez finished seventh and 10th , with Carlos Sainz Jr. impressing on his F1 debut for Toro Rosso in ninth . Dutch teenager Max Verstappen made F1 history by becoming the youngest driver to compete in an F1 race at 17 years and 166 days , but his hopes were dashed when forced to retire in his Toro Rosso on the 34th lap .	Lewis Hamilton wins opening race of 2015 F1 season in Australia Mercedes 1-2 with Nico Rosberg in second place World champion Hamilton had started from pole position Sebastian Vettel claims final podium place for Ferrari
