Melissa Harris-Lacewell is associate professor of politics and African-American studies at Princeton University . She is the author of the award-winning book "  Barbershops , Bibles , and BET : Everyday Talk and Black Political Thought " and writes a daily blog titled The Kitchen Table . Melissa Harris-Lacewell says African-Americans remain skeptical about racial progress in the U.S. PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- America was proud of itself for electing Barack Obama . The pride was not just partisan and ideological ; it was also specifically and clearly racial . The morning after Obama 's win , The New York Times declared "  Racial Barrier Falls in Decisive Victory . " The Los Angeles Times asserted that "  for the first time in human history , a largely white nation has elected a black man to be its paramount leader . " Some black commentators openly wept on election night , thrilled with witnessing the election of our first black president . Even Sen. John McCain , conceding defeat , pointed to the greatness of the American promise fulfilled in the election of his opponent . Obama 's victory offered the possibility that the scars of America 's racial legacy were healed or , at least , that they were less raw . For many African-American citizens , the election of the first black U.S. president was cause for celebration and open-mouthed wonder about an outcome that seemed so unlikely just two years earlier , when Obama announced his bid . Despite this joy , many black citizens were dubious that his victory represented the destruction of any particular racial barrier . African-Americans were both proud of and excited about Obama , but in the 45 years since the passage of the Civil Rights Act , black Americans had seen doors to power , influence and wealth open just enough to admit just a few without fundamentally altering opportunities for the majority . Indeed , responses to a recent CNN/Essence Magazine/Opinion Research Corp. survey indicate that black enthusiasm about Obama exists side-by-by side with deep skepticism about America 's racial progress . This atmosphere of both enthusiasm and doubt has sparked discussion about whether we have entered a post-racial era in American politics . It is a difficult debate , because the term "  post-racial " is not clearly defined . Race itself is a slippery idea . Typically , we treat race like a fixed , unchanging , biological category . But race is none of these things . Race is a social construct . Though it is based in physical traits , race is a category developed through social practice , law and history . As a nation , we made blackness through our politics , developing a category of people who could be enslaved and later segregated . So when we talk of a post-racial America , we are not pointing to the massive demographic shifts that are unalterably changing the racial , ethnic and linguistic landscape of America . Instead , "  post-racial " is an expression of social and political longing . For most , this means an America free of racism and discrimination , but others seem to hint at a society entirely free of racial identity or recognition . The idea of a post-racial America has been upheld as an achievable ideal where people would receive equal treatment and fair outcomes regardless of their race . It has been critiqued as an impossible dream unlikely to exist in a nation with a history of slavery and legal discrimination . It has been denounced as an unworthy goal that would require black Americans to reject their cultural specificity and unique social and political concerns . Undoubtedly , the 2008 election broke formerly entrenched racial trends . Obama was elected just as the depth and breadth of the American economic crisis was becoming clear . Some suggested that his victory could be explained by the nation 's fiscal difficulties because he was the candidate of the out-party , which often wins when times are hard . But this analysis forgets the cross-cutting history of race . When the economic pie shrinks , Americans rarely form multiracial political coalitions led by minority candidates . Obama 's victory countered the trend toward racial balkanization more typical in tough economic times . The changing dynamics of racial politics were further evidenced when Obama won both Virginia and North Carolina . In these Southern states and in many blue states throughout the country , Obama shattered the "  Bradley Effect , " often getting a higher percentage of the white vote than polls predicted . There was little evidence that white voters rejected Obama based on his race , and few white Democrats crossed party lines to vote for McCain . For these reasons , Obama 's win offers evidence of a post-racial American electoral politics . And if not post-racial , these data at least point to a much less racist American voting public than what existed 40 years ago . Still , the election of a black president has not changed the material realities of racial inequality . African-Americans are significantly more distressed than their white counterparts on every meaningful economic indicator : income , unemployment , wealth , education , home ownership and home foreclosures . African-American social realities are equally grim . Blacks are far more likely to be arrested and more harshly sentenced than whites . African-Americans are less likely to marry , more likely to divorce and more likely to live in single - parent households . Compared with whites , blacks are more likely to suffer infant mortality , cancer , diabetes and premature death . Substantial evidence shows that the economic , social and even political gains made by African-Americans in the 1960s and 1970s have leveled off or reversed in the past decade in areas such as urban education , the number of black elected officials and the racial wealth gap . The murder of a security guard at the national Holocaust museum by a racist anti-Semite reminded the nation that old-fashioned , violent bigotry still has life in America . These sobering realities indicate that race still vastly over-determines the life chances of Americans . These differences can not be explained away by class alone , because most of these inequalities persist even when controlling for income . To be born black in America is still a tremendous disadvantage compared with being born white in this country . Herein lies the challenge facing Americans in this new racial era . For much of the 20th century , the battle for civil rights rested on a belief that political equality would translate into social and economic justice . There can be little doubt that many of the substantive battles for political power and representation have been won . In that sense , Obama 's election is the fulfillment of a post-racial political promise . It is equally clear that this political arrival has not ushered in the other substantive racial changes that the civil rights movement hoped to achieve . In many ways , political equality is just the beginning of the process . The work of politics is to collectively craft the nation we want to have . The election of Obama does not indicate the realization of post-racial America , but it does allow us the opportunity to engage in renewed , collective questioning of what a racially just nation is like . Having achieved so much politically , there is still real debate about how to end overt racism , structural discrimination and persistent inequality . Some want a country where the black kids do n't sit together in the cafeteria , while others hope black kids being together will provoke neither comment nor anxiety . Some want a nation where no one notices race , while others hope that their racial identity can be both recognized and appreciated . Some worry that eliminating racial barriers will only solidify economic differences , while others suspect that economic justice can not be achieved without grappling with race . Some want the end of all inequality , while others simply hope disparities will be based on "  merit " rather than race . As citizens in a democracy , we can choose the future of our racial politics . Not all at once and not without struggle , but we can make new choices And this time , African-Americans participate in the process of remaking America 's racial story from a very different position than we have occupied in the past . Rather than being solely on the margins of national power , black Americans , through the person of Obama , have achieved a new kind of citizenship more empowered to recreate American race . This does not mean black people have equal political or economic power , but it does mean that the election of Obama encourages black Americans to even more loudly and clearly articulate our varied aspirations for our country . In November , we did a marvelous thing . Now , the work begins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Harris-Lacewell .	Melissa Harris-Lacewell : Barack Obama 's election celebrated as racial triumph She says it represented real progress in the arena of politics Harris-Lacewell : In many other areas , issues of race remain significant
CNN  -- Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak will remain hospitalized for at least one more day after collapsing as he walked off the field for halftime of the team 's Sunday night game against the Indianapolis Colts , the team said Monday . "  Gary is alert , coherent and in good spirits , " the team said in a statement . "  He is continuing to be evaluated and monitored . " The Texans did n't elaborate on what might be wrong with Kubiak , who "  experienced dizziness and a light-headed feeling " before sinking to the ground , according to the team . On Sunday , defensive coordinator Wade Phillips said the coach "  did not have a heart attack , but they 're still checking on everything with him . " The 52-year-old coach was walking near the 20-yard line just after halftime started when he slowly bent over and then collapsed , shocking the audience and members of Kubiak 's own team and staff . In a post-game news conference , Phillips recalled his confusion in the moments after Kubiak 's collapse , describing it as "  a shock to everybody . " "  I was traveling in , and I saw him on the ground , and I kept asking , ` What happened ? ' " he said . "  And that 's kind of what happened with everybody . " ` It looked serious ' One Texans player , defensive end Antonio Smith , said he saw Kubiak collapse . "  He went down to his knee and could n't get back up and looked like he was having trouble breathing , " he said after the game . "  It looked serious because he could n't get back up and everyone was surrounding him . " Kubiak was tended to by a flock of medical staff as he lay on the field . He was eventually wheeled out on a stretcher . "  We finally got word that they took him to the hospital , but we were unsure of everything , " Phillips said . Concern from both teams The Colts went on to win the game 27-24 , even though the Texans led 21-3 at halftime . But Phillips refused to use Kubiak 's collapse as an excuse for the defeat , saying Houston had opportunities in the second half . "  When the game was on the line , we did n't play well enough , " he said . "  We were very concerned at halftime , " Texans tackle Duane Brown said . "  We actually were more motivated if anything to try to go out and get the win . But once we were out there and started playing again , it did n't stick around in our minds too much . " Houston 's opponents also voiced their concern about Kubiak . Colts owner Jim Irsay offered his support to the Texans coach . "  Big time prayers for Coach Kubiak , " Irsay tweeted . "  God bless his healthy return and ease his family 's worry and concern . " Star defensive player J.J. Watt said after Monday 's practice that players had yet to talk with the coach . He said he had n't noticed anything of concern with Kubiak in the days leading up to Sunday 's game . He described his coach as hard-working . "  His truck 's always the first one here and the last one to leave , " Watt said . "  The guy lives for it , and he lives and breathes this game . He puts it all out there for us , and obviously we hope to get him back soon . " Other coaches Kubiak is among a number of football coaches to suffer dramatic health issues recently . Denver Broncos head coach John Fox was taken to a hospital Saturday after feeling lightheaded while playing golf , the team said , and he underwent "  successful " surgery Monday to replace an aortic valve . He will be away from coaching for at least the next several weeks , the team said . Denver Broncos coach will undergo heart valve surgery In September , University of Minnesota Gophers head coach Jerry Kill suffered an apparent epileptic seizure on a sideline at halftime , the sports website Bleacher Report said at the time . Kill , who has a history of such seizures , has been on leave as head coach since October 10 but continues to be involved with the team while receiving treatment to manage his epilepsy , the school said in a statement . CNN 's Joseph Miller , Jake Carpenter and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Star J.J. Watt says he had n't noticed anything troubling in the runup to the game Houston Texans coach wo n't be out of the hospital Monday , team says Kubiak did not have a heart attack , his interim replacement says Denver Broncos coach undergoes successful heart surgery
CNN  -- Muggles will have another opportunity to slip into Harry Potter 's magical world at a new Wizarding World of Harry Potter theme park at Universal Studios Hollywood . Universal Parks CEO Tom Williams promises the planned Southern California attraction will be "  every bit as spectacular " as the first Harry Potter park , which opened in 2010 at Universal Orlando in Florida . That successful Harry Potter theme park will be significantly expanded , Williams also announced Tuesday . Hogwarts Castle , which houses the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry featured in the "  Harry Potter " series , will be the Hollywood park 's centerpiece , as it is in Orlando . Details on the timing of the new park and expansion have not been released . The new California park is likely to bring millions of tourist dollars . "  It 's a huge win for the Los Angeles tourism industry , " said Mark Liberman , CEO of the Los Angeles Convention and Visitors Bureau , in a statement . The Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp. estimates the Harry Potter park will produce $ 147 million in spending in the county for every one million additional visitors to Universal Studios Hollywood . The Orlando Harry Potter attraction 's opening brought an immediate boost to Universal Orlando . Wizarding World 's opening halfway through 2010 boosted overall paid admissions to Universal 's Orlando parks by 20 % in 2010 over 2009 , according to financial documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .	A new Harry Potter theme park is planned for Universal Hollywood The existing park in Orlando will be expanded The Orlando Harry Potter attraction has brought a big attendance boost for Universal
CNN  -- Novelist Samantha Shannon has been heralded by book insiders as "  the next J.K. Rowling , " and her debut , "  The Bone Season , " compared with "  Harry Potter . " But the unassuming 21-year-old , who recently graduated from Oxford , would rather you did n't compare her to one of her favorite authors . "  Every writer wants to be as beloved as J.K. , " Shannon said . "  But we do n't need a ` new J.K. ' because she is still writing and still amazing . " The publishing deal is the biggest similarity between the two writers : Six figures for seven books with Bloomsbury . But Shannon 's adult novel , weaving in elements of fantasy and dystopia , is entirely different from the world of wizards and spells inhabited by Harry and his schoolmates . In "  The Bone Season , " out this week , Shannon has built a stark world in 2059 London . The city is controlled by a security force named Scion . It has caused clairvoyants , like 19-year-old dreamwalker Paige Mahoney , to work in the criminal underworld because their talents are considered treasonous . After being captured , Paige wakes up in an even more powerful city controlled by Rephaim , humanoid creatures who kidnap the different kinds of voyants and train them for their army . Writing the novel between classes and a publishing internship , Shannon might sound like a tireless overachiever , and she is . Shannon had written two books by age 19 , inked a multi-book deal at 20 and is now published at age 21 . But her journey was n't an overnight success story . Writer in the making At 15 years old , Shannon was a precocious writer , putting down words before and after school for a "  romantic sci-fi epic " called "  Aurora . " "  It followed an eighteen year-old female protagonist , who happens upon a wounded but devilishly-attractive alien and goes on a quest with him to find his eight lost companions " Shannon wrote on her blog . She worked on the idea tirelessly , foregoing sleep to write . Her mother was "  beside herself with worry , " she remembered . Shannon hand-delivered her manuscript to agencies all over London , but only rejection letters returned . Her passion for the idea died and her evenings held empty spaces . She picked up old writing projects and entered short story contests , but nothing could replace the fervor of working on a novel . The next step was following her passion for literature at Oxford . Although Shannon had submitted "  Aurora " to David Godwin Associates literary agency , only to have it rejected , she ended up interning there when she was 19 . The girl who loved London found herself in the city 's junction of Seven Dials and Covent Garden . A couple of nearby shops sold tarot cards and crystal balls . "  I had this daydream about a girl having the same day at work as me in Seven Dials , but she happened to be clairvoyant and the idea stuck in my head , " Shannon said . "  On my lunch breaks , I would plan out clairvoyant types . " By the end of the internship , Shannon had a new synopsis . She could n't stop writing . Trying to fit a particular genre or audience never entered her mind . It became clear that "  Aurora " was a practice novel , where she could identify her strengths and weaknesses . Now she could turn her gift for story building into a saga . "  I 'm often daydreaming and it 's because I 've always liked the idea of there being something more than the normal world . So I wanted my readers to feel like there is a big world to explore , and I will help them into it . " 5 questions for ` Night Film ' author Marisha Pessl A second chance During the day , Shannon studied literature , film criticism and Emily Dickinson . Working on "  The Bone Season " was "  like an extracurricular activity , except more intense and personal . " Shannon showed the work to author Ali Smith , also in Oxford . Smith suggested she send it to an agent , and David Godwin once again entered the picture . "  I thought it was very well created , " Godwin said . "  The books are n't just elaborate stories that have no root in the world . That gives it much more authority . " Bloomsbury , like Godwin , tends to pursue a more literary list , eschewing fantasy novels , but they became immersed in a world they never could have imagined . "  There was this incredible instant visceral reaction to reading these pages and feeling like we were sucked into this world that 's so real with these characters that jumped off the page and a narrative that just never stopped , " Nancy Miller , Bloomsbury 's U.S. editorial director , said . "  And she is the most down-to-earth person I 've ever met . I keep wondering , where did this come from ? How did she do this ? I 'm amazed at how young she is . " Term papers and novel drafts Shannon 's family did n't even know the book existed until she called to tell them about the deal with Bloomsbury . Meanwhile , U.S. editor Rachel Mannheimer was impressed with the quick edits Shannon returned in between writing term papers and taking exams . Even though Shannon was 19 at the time , the same age as her character , she kept a narrative distance that read older than her years . Mannheimer was also taken in by Shannon 's skill with creating a futuristic world on the page , especially as a reader who did n't typically subscribe to fantasy . "  It was fun to be one of the first people to be let into that world , and to be part of figuring out its contours and its rules , " Mannheimer said . The biggest challenge was withholding some details to guide readers without overwhelming them . Reviews in The Examiner and USA Today criticized "  The Bone Season " for dumping too many facts on the reader and deploying so many confusing names . A Telegraph reviewer agreed but added that Shannon "  writes so well that you stay interested . " "  Even in the first chapter , there is probably too much information thrown at you , " Shannon admitted . "  I do take this insane pleasure in world-building . I get the world in my head , but I have to make sure everyone else gets it . " Only to grow "  The Bone Season " is n't being marketed as the next young adult must-read , a la "  Hunger Games , " despite main character Paige Mahoney 's youth . The expected audience is broad : young to old , men and women , fantasy and non-fantasy readers . "  We published it the way we know how , as a really special novel , " Mannheimer said . "  The protagonist may start out at 19 , but there are six more books to come . Samantha will mature and her character will , too . Starting out in the adult market , readers can grow with the protagonist and she , as an author , has more room to explore serious themes . " Shannon is relieved now that Warden , one of the main characters , is out in the world . The only surviving character from "  Aurora " has been with her for years . And soon , Warden could come to life on the big screen . The Imaginarium Studios have secured the film rights to the book . Shannon has consultation rights , which she hopes to explore given her deep interest in film . She is already six chapters into the second book , exploring more of Scion London . "  I think the books will get better and better , " Godwin said . "  I think there is no stopping this girl and it 's incredibly important to her , the writing . All good writers , they like writing best , it 's when they are the most themselves . She 's obsessive , and that 's good . " Follow Ashley Strickland on Twitter : @CNNAshley	Samantha Shannon and J.K. Rowling 's similar book deals created a comparison 21-year-old author has crafted an entirely different world in "  The Bone Season " Shannon feels most confident in her skill with world-building
CNN  Looks like tens of thousands of music lovers should be "  in the mood for a melody . " Billy Joel , the Piano Man himself , will be headlining this year 's Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival , the gigantic gathering in Manchester , Tennessee . British folk rockers Mumford & Sons , electronic superstar Deadmau5 , rapper Kendrick Lamar and British indie rockers Florence + the Machine help round out the headline acts . Other notable performers include My Morning Jacket , Slayer and Earth , Wind & Fire , as well as Led Zeppelin frontman Robert Plant with his new band , the Sensational Space Shifters . The full lineup is now listed on the festival 's website after being released last night in a distinctly 2015 way . Fans called into a toll-free number to receive a name of one of the bands to share on social media using the #bonnaroo hashtag . The four-day festival , now in its 14th year , runs from June 11-14 on a 700-acre farm in Manchester , about 60 miles southeast of Nashville . Tickets go on sale Saturday .	Billy Joel will headline this year 's Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival The festival will run from June 11 to 14 in Manchester , Tennessee
London  CNN  -- The UK Home Office will hold an independent public inquiry into the 2006 death of Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , it announced Tuesday . The Home Office said this inquiry will be independent from an ongoing government inquest . Litvinenko 's widow has been pressing for a public inquiry in addition to a basic inquest -- a coroner-led investigation that is held as a matter of course in the case of unnatural deaths in England , where Litvinenko died after being poisoned . Sir Robert Owen will chair the inquiry . He is the coroner for the government inquest . "  It is more than seven years since Mr Litvinenko 's death and this government remains committed to seeking justice for his family , " a Home Office statement said . "  It is hoped this inquiry will go some way to achieve this goal . " A public inquiry , unlike an inquest , can receive evidence behind closed doors . In Litvinenko 's case , such evidence could involve matters of national security , and his widow , Marina Litvinenko , has argued that a public inquiry would enable the fullest possible investigation . In a deathbed statement , Litvinenko blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for his poisoning , an accusation the Kremlin has strongly denied . Putin foe , exiled Russian oligarch found dead in UK home Marina Litvinenko told CNN on July 11 that "  everybody is down , because we did n't expect this . " She said that with the coroner 's backing , she pressed for the public inquiry "  when we realized that the coroner is n't able to prove the Russian state 's involvement in what happened . " She called for a judicial review of the government 's decision . "  I believe that we will find the truth , because I believe that British law can work , " she said . Litvinenko , a former KGB agent and fierce critic of Putin , came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He died at a London hospital on November 23 , 2006 , after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 while drinking tea at the Millennium Hotel in London 's Grosvenor Square . Russian state involved in ex-KGB agent Litvinenko 's death , lawyer says What polonium does to the body CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	The inquiry into Litvinenko 's death will be independent from the the government 's inquiry Sir Robert Owen will chair the inquiry Litvinenko , who moved to Britain after becoming whistle-blower , was poisoned in 2006 Before dying , he blamed Russian president ; Russia denies accusation
CNN  -- With motor fluid spraying their faces and the weight of a car numbing their bodies , two Nevada college students struggled to stay calm after a drunk driver allegedly tore into their home , ripping them from their slumber . Kristin Palmer and Trent Wood were asleep in their home last week when a motorist allegedly drove into their bedroom around 4 a.m. , mistakenly believing it was his ex-girlfriend 's home . The University of Nevada students spent almost an hour pinned between the car and their bed while emergency workers battled furiously to free them . Somehow , the two left the scene with relatively minor scrapes and burns -- and a new lease on life , Wood said . "  When you experience something like that there 's no limits anymore , you can try to do whatever you want to do , " Wood told HLN 's Mike Galanos . "  We feel like we have more of a purpose , like we were meant to live . " Authorities say the motorist was drunk when he drove into the couple 's home in Sparks , mistakenly believing it was the home of his ex-girlfriend and her new boyfriend . Eric Cross is accused of drunken driving , battery with a deadly weapon , possession of a stolen vehicle , driving without a license and careless driving for his alleged role in the crash , which occurred October 21 , according to the Washoe County Sheriff 's Office . Initially , Woods struggled to comprehend what had happened to him after being abruptly torn from his slumber . "  I thought the roof caved in from an earthquake because it 's an old house , " Woods said . Then , his girlfriend began screaming and parts of the car came into focus , helping Woods to groggily piece the scene together , "  I could see the tire to the right side and I was like , there 's a car on top of me right now , " he said . "  That was really hard to get through my head . " As fluid poured from the car , burning Palmer 's face , the couple feared that the car might explode with them underneath , he said . Woods credited the slackness of the bed for preventing their legs from breaking altogether as the weight of the car pinned his girlfriend 's entire body and his lower half to the bed . "  She was screaming really badly because I could actually move above my chest and neck , but she could n't move anything , " he said . The couple calmed down somewhat after emergency workers arrived at the scene , using chainsaws to rip through the wall , Wood said . About 42 minutes later , they had lifted the car enough to let the couple wiggle out from underneath it without it crushing their lower bodies . "  When the car was lifted and you could see blood circulating back through my legs , that was probably the happiest moment of my life : Yes ! I 'm not paralyzed , " he said . "  I was so happy , hugging everyone and making sure Kristin was all right , " he said . "  I was just real happy to get out of there . " The couple is accepting donations through the Bank of America to replace items lost in the incident . HLN 's Amanda Sloane contributed to this report .	University of Nevada students asleep when motorist drove into home around 4 a.m. Kristin Palmer and Trent Wood were pinned between bed and car for 42 minutes Police say Eric Cross was targeting ex-girlfriend and new boyfriend and hit wrong home Couple struggled to stay calm as motor fluid flowed from car and their bodies went numb
CNN  -- In the final weeks of his brief life , little Myls Dobson suffered unspeakable acts of neglect and violence . A New York criminal complaint released Friday at the arraignment of Kryzie King , 27 , with whom the 4-year-old had been staying since mid-December , said the boy had burn marks and abrasions on his head , neck , face and testicles . There were bruises and numerous marks made by an object on his abdomen and legs and wrists -- bruises consistent with being restrained -- lacerations to his fingers , abrasions to his armpit , and bruises and scars on his back . The child appeared malnourished , the complaint said . Myls suffered "  horrific injuries sustained over a period of days , " New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters . King pleaded not guilty at her arraignment in Manhattan criminal court on charges of first-degree assault , first-degree reckless endangerment , endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful imprisonment . But Assistant District Attorney Nicole Blumberg told the court Friday that King also was being investigated on suspicion of murder , and likely faced additional charges upon the completion of the autopsy . In a statement , King 's attorney , Bryan Konoski , said : "  My client is not charged with homicide at this time and she is presumed to be innocent of allegations against her . I would tell everyone not jump to any conclusions at this time . " Shortly before 11 a.m. on Wednesday , police responding to a 911 call found Myles locked in a bathroom at King 's apartment at The Ritz Plaza , a luxury highrise in the Hell 's Kitchen section of Manhattan . He appeared battered , was unconscious and unresponsive on the floor , authorities said . The child was pronounced dead at St. Luke 's Hospital at 1:52 p.m. King told police that Myls ' father dropped the child off for her to watch on December 17 and that she was the "  child 's primary and sole caretaker " until the time of his death , the complaint said . The father was arrested in December for alleged bank fraud , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . At a news conference Friday , an adviser to the boy 's mother , Ashlee Dobson , said that she lost custody of her son for financial reasons . The mother and the adviser , Tony Herbert , demanded answers from child welfare authorities . "  The city of New York put the child in the care of the father , who they knew was a felon , " Herbert said . "  You open up a case and then you close it thinking everything is fine ? No . That has to be answered . Who did that , who authorized that ? " A call placed to the city Administration for Children 's Services was not returned . Dobson lost custody in 2012 , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . "  She was in a shelter , they did n't think it best that she would be in that shelter with a baby , so they gave him to the father , " Herbert said of child welfare authorities . Dobson told reporters Friday that she was turning her life around in hopes of regaining custody of her son . She had weekly visitation rights but last saw her son in November . In tears , Ashlee Dobson said , "  I love my son . He always loved me . He always gave me kisses . " The complaint portrays the finals weeks of Myls ' life as a living hell . King told police that on December 29 she removed a hot rack from an oven with a glove and allegedly placed it against the boy 's right leg , leaving linear burn marks , the complaint said . The next day , she told police , she allegedly struck him about his body five to six times with a belt , leaving bruises and scars . The complaint said King admitted that from December 30 to January 4 she allegedly tied the boy 's wrists and feet together with shoe laces and gagged him with a piece of cloth . She told police that resulted in scaring on his wrists and ankles . On the day she freed him , the complaint said , King allegedly beat him twelve to thirteen times with a belt . On Tuesday , during subfreezing temperatures , King told police she allegedly locked the the child , wearing only a T-shirt and shorts , outside on a balcony from 20 minutes to an hour , the complaint said . That same day , she allegedly locked the boy inside a dark bathroom for about three hours . King told authorities that the boy was "  being very difficult eating and that the last full meal he ate was on December 26 , 2013 ; after that he would only pick at his food , " the complaint said . The last time the boy ate or drank anything was on January 3 . Aside from her comments about the child not eating well , King gave no indication in the complaint of what might have prompted her purported actions . Since arriving at King 's home on December 17 , the complaint said , Myls Dobson lost 20 to 25 pounds . Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the city medical examiner 's office , said an autopsy was performed Thursday but the cause of death is pending further study . CNN 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	Four-year-old Myls Dobson was burned and beaten to death Police commissioner says the child suffered "  Horrific injuries sustained over a period of days " Caretaker is charged with assault and unlawful imprisonment The 27-year-old woman could face additional charges
Munyonyo , Uganda  CNN  -- Arrest warrants issued for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for allegations of war crimes and genocide are illegal and should be revoked , according to two British attorneys . The issue of immunity for a sitting president has never been resolved , and can only be dealt with by the International Court of Justice , according to Sir Geoffrey Nice and Rodney Dixon . "  There is a provision in the ICC  International Criminal Court  charter that states should observe their obligations to other states in terms of immunity even where there is an indictment by the ICC , " Nice told reporters late Saturday at the AU summit , held just outside the Ugandan capital of Kampala . The two attorneys attended the summit as part of their work with non-governmental organizations . The International Court of Justice , based at The Hague , Netherlands , is the principal judicial arm of the United Nations to settle disputes between U.N. member nations , but it has no jurisdiction to try people for war crimes or crimes against humanity . The International Criminal Court , also based at The Hague , is an independent treaty-based organization set up in 2002 by by countries to decide cases of alleged genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . According to the ICC 's website , 111 nations have signed the treaty . The ICC has issued two warrants for al-Bashir 's arrest for his alleged role in a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur in western Sudan . The original warrant , the first ever issued by the court against a serving head of state , included five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape . It also included two charges of war crimes for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . Earlier this month , the ICC issued a second arrest warrant for al-Bashir , adding three new counts of genocide . The court said the new charges were in addition to the earlier ones . Al-Bashir did not attend the summit , although his case is part of the agenda , and thereby did not risk arrest . The AU earlier this year urged the court to delay war crimes proceedings against al-Bashir , saying a decision to allow the genocide charges harms efforts to bring peace to Darfur . Al-Bashir has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued , even though any country that is party to the ICC has an obligation to hand him over to the ICC , the court maintains . Leaders from several African countries have said the ICC has been unfair to Africa and have threatened to pull out of the court . According to the Sudan Tribune , Nice and Dixon represent two groups -- the Sudan Workers Trade Unions Federation and the Sudan International Defense Group . The attorneys have filed a motion with the ICC judges asking them to reject the prosecutor 's application to issue an arrest warrant for al-Bashir , the newspaper reported Sunday . The London , England-based attorneys urged AU leaders to appeal to the IJC to have the arrest warrants revoked , saying the issue could result in unfavorable consequences for the organization . They questioned whether a serving president could be vulnerable to arrest when attending events such as the summit out of obligation . Nice said the AU should express the same solidarity as when it hosted al-Bashir in its last summit , and also should follow the example of Chad , which hosted him last week . "  The government of Chad took a clear position that their immunity is in place and hosted Bashir , " Nice said . "  Unless all other states take this clear stand , this situation will remain a legal black hole and can potentially affect the other states . " They said al-Bashir 's case was referred to the court by a non-state party , although a case against a sitting president can only be referred by a state party . Some NGOs backed the attorneys , saying Africa is being unfairly targeted . "  We are not against international law , but against the biases of the ICC closing its eyes on atrocities in Gaza , Afghanistan and Iraq , but indicting only African leaders , " said Mohammed Ansari , who claims to head an association of 42 non-governmental organizations aimed at finding a peaceful solution to the Sudan crisis . "  If African leaders stand together and say ` No , ' they would have done a great job since the ICC is focusing only on Africa . " He accused prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo of asking presidents to arrest one of their own , and wondered whether sitting heads of state in Europe would receive the same treatment . Al-Bashir was re-elected president of Sudan this year in controversial but historic elections . He has appeared to thumb his nose at the charges , appearing in public dancing and singing at a rally in Khartoum after the original arrest warrant last year . His information minister has dismissed the ICC as a "  white man 's tribunal . "	Al-Bashir 's arrest warrants should be revoked , attorneys say The warrants have drawn criticism from several African nations Attorneys say al-Bashir should be able to attend African Union summit
Tensions escalated in the South China Sea region this week after China , Vietnam and the Philippines were involved in a series of potentially explosive confrontations over disputed territory . Vietnamese officials say Chinese military and civilian ships have been intimidating their vessels near the Paracel Islands -- which are controlled by Beijing but claimed by Hanoi -- since Sunday , even accusing the Chinese of repeatedly ramming into them and shooting water cannons . But China blames Vietnam for forcefully disrupting drilling activities , and demand that it withdraw all vessels from the area , said Yi Xianliang , Deputy Director-General of the Department of Boundary and Ocean Affairs in a press briefing yesterday . Meanwhile , a Chinese fishing boat and its 11 crew members were apprehended on Tuesday by Philippine authorities near the Spratly Islands , another disputed region in the South China Sea . Philippine officials say the boat was carrying a large number of endangered species and they seized the boat "  to uphold Philippine sovereign rights " in the disputed waters . "  It 's possible that an armed clash could occur , but not a full-fledged war . The situation with Vietnam is serious -- more serious than the situation with the Philippines , " said M. Taylor Fravel , Associate Professor of Political Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  . "  China has controlled the northern half of the Paracel Islands since the 1950s and the southern half since 1974 . Unlike the Spratly Islands , China maintains that no dispute exists over the Paracels . So we can see that China believes that its claim there is quite strong , " he added . Exclusion zone Relations between China and Vietnam soured on Friday , when a Chinese platform began drilling for oil near the Paracel Islands . The oil rig , Haiyang Shiyou 981 , is owned by state gas and oil company CNOOC . The Maritime Safety Administration of China  MSAC  declared a three-miles exclusion zone around the rig , while military vessels have been deployed to patrol the area . "  At present , the number of escorting ships of China has reached 60 , including military ships , " Tran Duy Hai , Vice Chair of Vietnam 's National Boundary Commission , said in a statement Wednesday . "  These vessels have intentionally hit and collided with Vietnamese law enforcement ships , including those of the Maritime Police and Fisheries Control , causing damage in human and property . "  sic China maintains that its current drilling activities are legitimate and blame the Vietnamese for provoking conflict . "  The drilling activities of this rig are within China 's territorial waters . The harassment by the Vietnamese side is in violation of China 's sovereign rights , " said Hua Chunying , spokesperson of China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . She did not confirm the boat collisions . According to CNOOC , a third of China 's oil and gas resources are under the South China Sea , most of which it claims as its own , refuting rival claims from Vietnam , the Philippines , Taiwan , Malaysia , and Brunei . ` Undermines peace ' In Washington , U.S. State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki condemned China 's drilling near the Paracels . "  This unilateral action appears to be part of a broader pattern of Chinese behavior to advance its claims over disputed territory in a manner that undermines peace and stability in the region , " said Psaki . China 's Hua hit back saying that Chinese drilling activities "  have nothing to do with Vietnam , let alone the U.S. " Meanwhile , the Philippines Department of Foreign Affairs said it will deal with the detained fishermen "  in a just , humane and expeditious manner . " Philippines police claimed the fishing boat was loaded with 350 endangered turtles when it was seized near an area it controls called Half Moon Shoal . China urged Manila to "  stop taking further provocative actions . " "  It is possible that the Philippines may have been emboldened by the recent defense agreement reached with the United States . China and the Philippines are jostling for control of the waters in the area where the arrest occurred , " said MIT 's Fravel . The arrests follow U.S. President Barack Obama 's visit to the Philippines earlier this week , kicking off the annual military drills held jointly by U.S. and Filipino forces . During the trip , the U.S. and Philippines signed the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement , a 10-year security pact that gives the U.S. more military access in the region . U.S. : China claim of air rights over disputed islands ` creates risk of incident ' South Korea expands air defense zone in reaction to China	China has started drilling for oil in a part of the South China Sea also claimed by Vietnam Vietnam says Chinese ships have made violent attacks on Vietnamese vessels Chinese fishermen arrested by Philippines authorities in a separate dispute Situation could escalate into armed conflict , analyst says
CNN  -- Three people were killed and more than 30 injured in back-to-back explosions near the headquarters of an anti-Taliban political party in Karachi , Pakistan , police told CNN on Saturday . The explosions , about 30 minutes apart , took place near the headquarters of Muttahida Quami Movement , or MQM , police spokesman Mureed Abbas said . One device was placed in a rickshaw , police said . The second was buried in the ground . The MQM , which is one of Pakistan 's largest and most liberal parties , has been targeted by the Pakistani Taliban in recent weeks . The party is firmly opposed to the Islamist militant group . In a call to CNN after the explosions , Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ihsan Ullah Ihsan said his group claimed responsibility . President Asif Ali Zardari strongly condemned the bomb blasts and expressed sympathies for those killed and injured and their families . The MQM 's coordination committee condemned the two bomb blasts and called for businesses and transportation providers in the province to shut down Sunday to observe a day of mourning . A candidate in this month 's national elections was shot and killed Thursday by two gunmen on a motorbike , a senior police official in Hyderabad said . Candidate Fakhar Ul Islam was targeted on his way home from his office and was a member of MQM . Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud has told Pakistanis to stay away from the elections . On Friday , gunmen on a motorbike in Karachi shot and killed Sadiq Zaman Khattak and his 4-year-old son when they were leaving a mosque , said Zahid Khan of Awami National Party , another anti-Taliban liberal party . Khattak , representing the Awami National Party , had been a candidate for a seat in the National Assembly . On Saturday , Raza Haroon , a member of the MQM 's coordination committee , deplored how terrorists have been targeting candidates and workers of his party , the ANP and the ruling Pakistan People Party . Haroon charged that the election commission , the government and law agencies were playing a role of silent spectators . But Haroon said his party would n't be cowed . On May 11 , Pakistanis will go to the polls to elect a new civilian government for a five-year term . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Anti-Taliban party condemns bombings and calls for day of mourning Sunday In a call to CNN , Pakistani Taliban takes responsibility for explosions Back-to-back explosions occur near the headquarters of an anti-Taliban political party Muttahida Quami Movement , or MQM , opposes the Taliban
CNN  Some of the 100 fraternity brothers of the now-disbanded Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter at the University of Oklahoma have received death threats after the release of a video in which a racist chant was heard , a lawyer for the chapter 's board said Friday . Attorney Stephen Jones said other members of the former chapter of the fraternity have been physically assaulted , though he would n't go into specifics . Jones told a news conference that he had been retained by the board of trustees -- the alumni advisers for the chapter -- "  to assist them in evaluating certain legal issues and other matters that may impact local chapter of SAE . " There are no plans right now to sue the university , which shut down the chapter 's house and disbanded the SAE chapter , he said . The national chapter of SAE also revoked the OU chapter 's charter . The school also expelled two members of the fraternity , but Jones said he is not representing them . Jones said the actions on a nine-second video that showed some members yelling a racist chant that included a reference to lynching were inexcusable . There was "  no justification for what occurred . Zero , " he said . Jones said he is involved to protect the due process and First Amendment rights of members . The fraternity 's national office said it is investigating the incident in the video to see if it needs to take action against any of the students . "  We are committed to following the due diligence and protocols that we have set forth in our fraternity laws , " the national SAE office said after the news conference , "  as they are designed to enable us to make deliberate , thoughtful decisions that reflect our commitment to our standards and to our members . " The office also has said it was looking into incidents involving other chapters . "  Several other incidents with chapters or members have been brought to the attention of the headquarters ... and each of those instances will be investigated , " the national office said in a statement . It said some of the incidents date back more than 20 years . Another chapter of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity is under fire over alleged racial slurs -- this time in Seattle . University of Washington students are accusing fraternity members of offensive comments during a protest to raise awareness about racism last month . "  People were called monkeys and apes by members of SAE , " said Maggie Negussie , president of the university 's Black Student Union . SAE 's university chapter denied the allegations , saying an investigation determined the culprits were not members of the fraternity . An investigation into the "  grossly insensitive comments " is underway , said Denzil J. Suite , the university 's vice president for student life . The university is gathering information to determine who was behind the remarks , but a preliminary report by some students accused the SAE fraternity , according to Suite . "  If and when we can determine what occurred , we will take appropriate steps , " he said . About 1,000 people were marching across the street from the fraternity house when the incident occurred , Negussie said . She said the marchers opted to ignore the offensive words . "  At that time it was more important to continue marching ... but that is not the only time , " she said . "  There are many of us who have those stories . " Negussie also accused the University of Washington fraternity of not allowing black students at its parties . When CNN asked for videos or photos , she said members are reaching out to witnesses . Michael Hickey , president of the fraternity 's university chapter , said the chapter was notified of the protest incident on February 25 -- the same day it happened . "  We were naturally concerned and shocked by these allegations , as we pride ourselves in the diversity of our chapter membership and racism is against the moral ethics of our local and national organization , " he said in a statement . However , he said , an investigation determined that fraternity members were not behind the insults . The culprits were on a nearby sidewalk and not on the fraternity house property , he said . "  We have determined this due to eyewitness accounts from our members viewing nonmembers of SAE yelling offensive comments on the sidewalk near our chapter house , " he said . He asked witnesses to come forward and pledged to punish any members found to have been involved . "  We continue to seek any information or eyewitnesses to the incident , " he said . CNN 's Elise Miller contributed to this report .	National chapter of SAE says it is giving due process to members at University of Oklahoma Some members of the fraternity at the University of Oklahoma have received death threats , their lawyer says University of Washington 's SAE chapter president says its members were not involved in an incident on that campus
CNN  -- He is the player whose heart stopped beating for 78 minutes and who subsequently retired at the age of 24 . Now the welfare of footballers is top of Fabrice Muamba 's agenda and he has urged FIFA to put the wellbeing of players at the center of any decision on the scheduling of the Qatar 2022 World Cup . FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced on Twitter last month that no decision on the staging of the 2022 World Cup -- be it in Qatar 's summer or winter -- would be made until after the 2014 tournament in Brazil . "  I hope FIFA will have a second thought because playing in those conditions is very dangerous for people , " the 25-year-old told CNN . "  The heat and the humidity in that country can damage people ; they have to look at the bigger picture . " Former England Under-21 international Muamba suffered an on-field heart seizure while playing for Bolton Wanderers against Tottenham Hotspur in March 2012 . The Congo-born midfielder was revived by medics before making a remarkable recovery in hospital . "  You worry , not just me but every player , " continued Muamba . "  The humidity , the heat , playing in those conditions it is very worrying . " President of world football 's governing body since 1998 , Blatter launched a consultation process on the issue involving "  all stakeholders in Qatar 2022 . " Harold Mayne-Nicholls led the FIFA inspection team which examined each of the bidding countries for the 2022 World Cup before delivering his report in October 2010 . Mayne-Nicholls concluded that Qatar was a high-risk option because of its soaring temperatures -- but it was still chosen by 14 of the 22 executive committee members in the final round of voting in December that year . "  In June and July you can not play , " Mayne-Nicholls told CNN last month when asked about the conditions in Qatar . "  It 's not for the players . The players will be OK with the cooling system but what about the fans ? "  You 'll have 50,000 fans walking three , four , even six blocks or more like in South Africa where I walked 10 blocks . "  They will be walking in 40 degrees and it 's too much . One or two crucial cases will damage the entire image of the World Cup and we must be careful . " Muamba is pleased his experiences have raised awareness of heart conditions in football , but he wants to see the sport continue to prioritize player safety . "  We 're trying to reach a standard where we 're providing the best available equipment for the boys , " said Muamba , who began his career with Arsenal . "  Also making sure every player gets a heart screen so we detect any damage or any medical issue . "  What I tried to do was raise awareness of sudden cardiac arrest , having a defibrillator not just in the stadium but in every public place so we can save lives and ensure peoples safety . "	Fabrice Muamba wants FIFA to put player welfare at the center of Qatar 2022 decision Muamba retired after suffering on-field cardiac arrest in March 2012 The former England Under-21 midfielder 's heart stopped for 78 minutes No decision on the scheduling of Qatar 2022 will be made until after 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Almost one week after he was hospitalized with a urinary tract infection , soccer legend Pele 's condition is continuing to improve , but he remains in an intensive care unit . The 74-year-old was taken off kidney dialysis Sunday , the Albert Einstein Hospital in Sao Paulo said . Pele 's condition will be re-evaluated Monday to see if further dialysis is needed . The hospital said he is lucid . Pele , who was born Edson Arantes do Nascimento , was admitted to the hospital November 24 . He had recently undergone surgery at the same facility to remove kidney stones . The athletic icon had one kidney removed during his days as a player , his aide Jose Fornos Rodrigues told CNN . Pele tweeted Thursday that he was looking forward to spending the holidays with family and starting "  the new year with renewed health , with many international trips planned . " "  I am blessed to receive your love and support , " Pele said , "  and thank God this is nothing serious . " Known as "  The Black Pearl " and "  The King , " Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports . He burst onto the scene as a teenager , helping lead his native Brazil to the 1958 World Cup championship . Pele went on to star on two other World Cup title teams , in 1962 and 1970 . He also had a breakthrough career with the Brazilian club Santos and later with the New York Cosmos of the now-defunct North American Soccer League . In 2000 , Pele and Argentina 's Diego Maradona were named co-Players of the Century by FIFA , the international soccer governing body . Even after retiring from soccer , Pele has remained in the public eye as a product pitchman , ambassador for the sport of soccer and advocate for Brazil 's poor , having grown up as one of them in the inland city of Tres Coracoes . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Barbara Arvanitidis and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Soccer star Pele will be re-evaluated Monday to see if he needs to go back on dialysis He went to a hospital in Sao Paulo , Brazil , last week for a urinary tract infection The hospital says the 74-year-old is getting better as he 's being treated in the ICU Pele is a three-time World Cup champion and shared Player of the Century award
CNN  -- The Obama administration is considering shifting lethal drone operations run by the Central Intelligence Agency over to the military , U.S. officials tell CNN . The proposal is under "  serious consideration , " one U.S. official said . The official said no final decision has been made , and that there is no specific time frame in place , but that the change is being considered "  due to a desire for greater transparency in who is being targeted . " By law , the military is not able to act covertly the way the CIA can , and it must answer to Congress . The Daily Beast website first reported on the potential shift . The military would operate and fly the drones , an administration official told CNN , but targeting would still be done jointly by various agencies . The shift would happen over time . "  It wo n't happen overnight , " the U.S. official said , adding that operations in some countries would transfer to U.S. military control before other nations . "  Yemen is an example of one of the first programs that could shift , " the official tells CNN , while shifting the responsibility for the program that operates in Pakistan "  would be much further out . " CIA Director John Brennan has expressed a desire to move the intelligence agency back to traditional intelligence-collecting . "  The CIA should not be doing traditional military activities and operations , " Brennan said at his confirmation hearing .	Moving drone operations to the military from the CIA is under discussion , U.S. officials say Change is being considered "  due to a desire for greater transparency , " official says "  The CIA should not be doing traditional military activities and operations , " director has said
Have no fear , Vladimir Putin is here . That seems to be the message in an epic promo released ahead of the Russian president 's annual news conference as the country 's economy plummets . The promotion , released by a state-owned Russian channel , has the feel of a movie trailer , showing scenes of tanks , crying children and plenty of Putin . He declares in a particularly memorable sound bite : "  The bear never asks permission . " That seems to be a problem these days in Russia -- it 's a bear , not a bull market . Putin who has held power for 15 years , is expected to address the economic problems vexing Russia as falling oil prices , a diving ruble and Western sanctions have crippled the country 's economy . Moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastrophe , and finds itself more isolated than at any other point in the last 25 years -- due to its actions over Ukraine . Russia 's slide toward economic crisis and why it matters Worried that their currency is now worth less , Russians have been exchanging rubles for dollars and stocking up on imported goods . And Russian banks and companies have lost access to Western sources of finance because of sanctions imposed over Ukraine , but still have foreign debts to pay . Yet in the lead up to Putin 's press conference , Russia Channel 1 's glossy promo does n't touch on any of the financial woes facing the world 's ninth largest economy . The promotion shows scenes of war and triumph at this year 's Winter Olympics in Sochi as the narrator intones in a baritone about "  a year of tough decisions " and "  long-awaited victories . " "  How it turned out for Russia and its president , he will tell himself . " A defiant Putin proclaims , "  Russia has never changed its orientation . " Putin still enjoys approval ratings in the high 80s . His popularity surged as Russia backed separatists in east Ukraine and annexed Crimea earlier this year . Could economic turmoil lead to Putin 's downfall ?	Russian state-owned channel releases a promotion for President Putin 's news conference Putin is expected to address the economic woes hitting Russia Moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastrophe
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's main Shiite parties Monday announced the formation of a new alliance that excludes the prime minister -- at least for now . Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari announces the new Iraqi National Alliance in Baghdad . The coalition , named the Iraqi National Alliance , was formed to compete in the country 's national elections in January . It includes top Shiite parties , but not Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Dawa party . Senior political leaders who announced the alliance in a televised meeting said they still are holding talks with Dawa and other parties . The coalition replaces the powerful Iranian-backed Shiite United Iraqi Alliance -- of which Dawa was a part -- that swept the country 's 2005 polls but later disintegrated . The new coalition was being presented as a nonsectarian one that includes a broader representation . "  This Iraqi National Alliance is a coalition of political forces from all aspects of Iraqi society , " Ahmed al-Chalabi , the head of the Iraqi National Congress , which is part of this alliance , said on Monday . "  It is not an Islamic alliance like the previous one . It includes liberal groups , it aims to be nonsectarian , it has many representatives of other communities of Iraq in it . " For now , the alliance is mainly made of top Shiite parties with a few small secular , Sunni and other parties . The announcement came after months of intense negotiations between the country 's Shiite parties and recent reports of disagreements between al-Maliki 's Dawa and other Shiite parties on who would lead the alliance . The alliance includes the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , followers of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , former Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari , Fadhila party and others . Shiite Vice President Adel Abdul Mehdi of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , addressing the meeting , said he wished the Dawa party had been present at Monday 's announcement , but negotiations will continue . Jalal al-Deen al-Sagheer , a senior Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq member , said al-Maliki was at talks held Sunday and that the prime minister congratulated participants , promising to have another meeting in the coming weeks . Hasan al-Sneid , a spokesman for al-Maliki 's State of Law Coalition , also confirmed that negotiations are continuing . In a news conference later Monday , al-Sneid said there was no "  strategic disagreement , " but rather disagreements over "  mechanisms of participation " and wanting wider representation in the alliance . He denied this has to do with al-Maliki going for a second term or leadership of the alliance . The prime minister 's State of Law Coalition , which mainly includes members of his Dawa party , won control of most of the country 's provincial councils in January 's elections , turning back mainly Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq opposition . Al-Maliki , whose campaigning in the last elections trumpeted recent security gains and a drastic drop in violence , has been affected by a series of deadly attacks in Baghdad and in northern Iraq . Absent from Monday 's major announcement were two of the most influential Shiite leaders , al-Sadr and Abdul Aziz al-Hakim . Al-Sadr , who fled to Iran in 2007 , is continuing religious studies there . Al-Hakim , the former head of the United Iraqi Alliance who has been receiving cancer treatment in Iran , has been hospitalized there after his health deteriorated , his party announced Sunday .	New coalition includes top Shiite parties and a few non-Shiite parties Coalition replaces old alliance that had included prime minister 's party New alliance does n't include , but is holding talks with , prime minister 's party Alliance includes former prime minister , followers of cleric Muqtada al-Sadr
Protesters pushed their way past police in rowdy scenes as elite members of Hong Kong 's Election Committee decided the city-state 's next chief executive . They chose Leung Chun-ying , known as CY Leung , a British-educated chartered surveyor and one of two candidates who were backed by Beijing . Leung beat his nearest rival Henry Tang by a wide margin , after an uncharacteristically dirty campaign which exposed extramarital affairs and allegations of bribery . Leung won 689 of the votes , compared to Tang 's 285 . A third candidate , Democratic Party leader Albert Ho won just 76 . While most of the mudslinging during the campaign was aimed at Tang , Leung ran into his own trouble . He is currently under investigation for a conflict of interest case involving a construction project when he was in government office . Race for Hong Kong 's top job There are also allegations of "  black money " -- that his campaign had been in contact with organized crime figures . He also is suspected of being a closet communist , and is thought to hold hardline views on public order and press freedom . According to his website , Leung attended primary school in Hong Kong but left to study Estate Management at Bristol Polytechnic in the United Kingdom . He walked 55 minutes each way to college "  in the English weather , " it says , and worked in a Chinese takeaway shop to help cover expenses . On returning to Hong Kong in the late 1970s , Leung worked for real estate consulting firm Jones Lang Wootton , before becoming the youngest partner in the firm 's 200-year history , the website says . He later opened his own firm , CY Leung & Co. and became involved in Hong Kong 's administration through his election to the Executive Committee of the Basic Law Consultative Committee . He was appointed to the Executive Council of Hong Kong in 1997 and has convened it since . As election members cast their votes , hundreds of demonstrators from varying student and activists groups jostled outside calling for a say in who leads the city-state . Students waved banners saying "  If there 's no revolt , there 's no change , " as others yelled slogans through loudspeakers lost in the din of protests . Hong Kong 's population of seven million people is n't asked to vote for the chief executive . The decision is made by the 1,200 members of the Election Committee , a group of people selected from pro-business and pro-establishment circles . While China does n't overtly decide who leads the Special Administrative Region , it does have favored candidates and says that the outcome should be "  acceptable " to the people of Hong Kong . Leung replaces outgoing Chief Executive Donald Tsang .	CY Leung elected Chief Executive of Hong Kong Decision made by 1,200 members of Election Committee Hundreds of protesters called for popular vote CY Leung replaces outgoing Chief Executive Donald Tsang
CNN  -- The newest star of Robert Downey Jr. 's family also happens to be a newborn . The 49-year-old actor and his wife , Susan , welcomed their second child together on November 4 , and "  Avengers " star Downey is positively giddy about his new baby girl . "  After 9 months of intensive development , Team Downey is pleased to announce our 2014 fall/winter project , " Downey shared on Facebook . "  Principal photography commenced 11-14 and will continue until she says , ` Dad ! You are embarrassing me ... I 'm 30 , this has got ta stop . ' " Downey is also dad to son Exton , whom he welcomed with Susan in 2012 , and 21-year-old Indio , his son from a prior marriage . They have named the newest addition to their family Avri Roel . "  Yep ... Avri Roel Downey joined the party @ 3:22 a.m. on November 4th , " Downey said in his Facebook post . "  She 's 7lbs even , spans 20 inches , and is accompanied by a variety of Susan 's traits that have seemingly overwritten my ` junk DNA . ' " To be more specific , Avri 's "  Pretty like mama , and  has  dimples like my uncle Jim ! " Downey quipped on Twitter . He 's promised he 'll "  post pics here + there when I 'm not too busy staring ... " The actor is n't the only celebrity who had a reason to celebrate on November 4 : Kelly Rowland , too , is now a proud parent . The singer and her husband , Tim Witherspoon , welcomed a boy named Titan Jewell on Tuesday .	Robert Downey Jr. made a baby announcement on Facebook He and his wife , Susan , have welcomed a daughter They 've named their new arrival Avri Roel
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal crashed to an early upset defeat at Wimbledon for the second year in a row as the fifth seed was sent packing in straight sets Monday by Belgian Steve Darcis in their first round match . Looking a shadow of the player who claimed a record eighth French Open title earlier this month , the Spaniard succumbed meekly 7-6 7-6 6-4 in a shade short of three hours on Court One . Last year he was beaten in the second round by Czech Lukas Rosol , the prelude to a lengthy injury layoff which saw him miss the London Olympics and the next two grand slams . Nadal only returned to the ATP circuit in February and has been in imperious form , winning seven titles , including the French Open . With the exception of a hard court tournament in the United States , only one of the events has been on a surface other than his favored clay . But coming into Wimbledon and despite his lack of preparation on grass , Nadal was rated among the favorites despite his lowly seeding . However , he has fallen at the first hurdle , beaten by the 29-year-old Darcis , who was securing the most notable victory of his career . Throughout the match , Nadal , who has a history of knee problems , appeared to be nursing an injury and looked slow and sluggish . After claiming the first two sets on tiebreaks , the second time after coming back from a break down to Nadal , Darcis made an early breakthrough to lead 2-0 in the third set . Nadal could make little impression on his service and Darcis duly served out for the match , clinching it with his 13th ace . "  Nobody was expecting my win today . I do n't know what to say . I 'm really happy , " Darcis said after his unlikely triumph . "  OK , Nadal did n't play his best tennis , but I knew the first match on grass is always difficult . For me it is a big win . "  He lost early last year as well , but if you try to focus on him it is tougher . I try to focus on myself and I think I did great today . " Journeyman Darcis , who has been campaigning for most of 2013 on the second tier ATP Challenger Tour , had only previously reached the second round at Wimbledon in 2009 . "  I always played good on grass , maybe not here because I had tough draws , but I have two wins against top 10 players on grass , " he added . Nadal refused to use any possible injury as an excuse for his defeat , the first time he had lost in the opening round of a grand slam . "  It 's not the right day  to talk about his knees  I tried my best in every moment , but it was not possible this afternoon , " said Nadal . "  On grass , it 's difficult to adapt when you do n't have a chance to play on the surface before Wimbledon . Darcis deserved to win today . " Earlier , Nadal 's arch rival Roger Federer breezed through the opening match of his bid for a record eighth Wimbledon crown -- then spared a thought for the "  influential and amazing " Nelson Mandela , who is in critical condition in a Pretoria hospital . The defending champion dropped just five games in beating Victor Hanescu of Romania , finishing by taking the final set to love . "  There was just a bit of a breeze and it was cold . I 'm happy to get out of there early and quickly . So it was a perfect day , " was the Swiss maestro 's initial verdict on a peerless performance in his opener . When asked about former South African president Mandela , Federer said he hoped the 94-year-old would make a recovery . "  He 's been very influential , an amazing personality , you know , believed in something , had to pay a big price for it , " he added . "  Someone you can definitely look up to and that 's very important for me . Clearly there 's many that come and go , but he has been there for a very long time and he 's very much respected and loved . " In a 2011 global study of more than 50,000 people in 25 countries , Federer had been ranked second only to Mandela as a respected , admired and trusted personality . His mother Lynnette also hails from South Africa and he is a regular visitor to the country for charitable activities . Home hope Andy Murray also had an easy passage into the second round , easing past Benjamin Becker of Germany in straight sets , 6-4 6-3 6-2 . In the final match of the day , Lleyton Hewitt of Australia rolled back the years to knock out 11th seed Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland . The champion 11 years ago beat the dangerous Wawrinka 6-4 7-5 6-3 , showing a return to his best form after being dogged by injuries in recent years .	Rafael Nadal crashes to sensational first round defeat at Wimbledon Beaten in straight sets by unseeded Belgian Steve Darcis Defending champion Roger Federer coasts through his opening match Pays tribute to Nelson Mandela after his victory
CNN  -- She really is our Golden Girl . Friday marks Betty White 's 92nd birthday and the actress continues to work and be beloved as "  America 's grandmother . " The birthday wishes flowed in on Twitter , including from other celebs like Scandal star Josh Malina , Larry King and guitarist Slash . Betty White fast facts The year Betty White was born , 1922 , Reader 's Digest was launched , as were the first public radio broadcasts in France and Britain . White has worked in show business since the 1940s , when she appeared on popular radio programs "  Rin-Tin-Tin , " and "  The Great Gildersleeve . " For her part , White was pretty quiet on this birthday , probably because she was so busy . And it does n't look like she is slowing down anytime soon . In October 2013 , Lifetime picked up her canceled NBC show "  Betty White 's Off Their Rockers . " For White -- who saw a career resurgence in the 2000s with guest starring roles on TV and a gig hosting "  SNL " following a grass-roots campaign -- staying busy is probably the best birthday present ever . "  Retirement is not in my vocabulary , " she 's been quoted as saying . "  They are n't going to get rid of me that way . "	Betty White turns 92 on Friday She has worked in Hollywood since the 1940s Birthday wishes poured in from Twitter
CNN  -- A terrorism suspect -- whose 2008 escape from Singapore launched a global manhunt -- has been arrested in Malaysia , according to authorities there . An public alert posted at a supermarket for Mas Selamat Kastari on March 1 , 2008 , in Singapore . Mas Selamat Kastari , suspected leader of the Islamist militant group Jemaah Islamiyah 's Singapore arm , was arrested April 1 in Johor state in Malaysia , near the border of Singapore , Malaysian police said . Authorities have interrogated him and are sharing the information with police in the region , Malaysian law-enforcement officials said . "  It 's very good he 's been caught , but it 's important to remember there are many other fugitives still at large , not  the  least , Noordin Moh Top , " said Sidney Jones , South East Asia director for the International Crisis Group . Noordin is a Malaysian thought to be behind the region 's most recent major attacks . He belongs to a small splinter group of Jemaah Islamiyah that espouses the use of large-scale terror attacks to push for the establishment of Islamic states in the region . Noordin is a one-time officer , recruiter and bomb-maker for Jemaah Islamiyah , who police say has narrowly escaped their dragnets for years . In the case of Mas Selamat , thousands of security forces fanned out across Singapore after he escaped in February 2008 . Interpol , the organization that helps facilitate cooperation among police agencies around the world , later issued a worldwide security alert for him . Mas Selamat had been arrested in Indonesia and turned over to Singapore , on suspicion of plotting to crash a plane into the country 's airport . Jemaah Islamiyah is thought to have links to al-Qaeda and is suspected of being behind the 2002 nightclub bombings on the Indonesian island of Bali that killed more than 200 mostly Western tourists . Singapore is a strong U.S. ally and one of the world 's most prosperous countries with strong international trading links . Mas Selamet fled the southeast Asian country in 2001 after authorities cracked down on Jemaah Islamiyah and arrested dozens of its members . To retaliate , Mas Selamet plotted to hijack a plane and crash it into Singapore 's main airport , Changi , the Home Affairs Ministry said . The plot was not carried out . He also is suspected of being behind plans to attack the U.S. Embassy and a government building . Indonesian authorities arrested Mas Selamet on immigration violation charges in 2003 . Three years later , he was deported to Singapore , the Home Affairs ministry said . He was being held under Singapore 's Internal Security Act , which allows authorities to indefinitely detain someone without trial . Mas Selamet slipped away from a detention center in Singapore after asking to use the toilet before a visit with his family , Home Affairs Minister Wong Kan Seng told lawmakers in parliament 2008 . Journalist Baradan Kuppusamy contributed to this report .	Mas Selamat Kastari was arrested April 1 in Johor state in Malaysia He is suspected head of Islamist militant group Jemaah Islamiyah 's Singapore arm His 2008 escape from Singapore launched a global manhunt He had been arrested on suspicion of plot to crash plane into Singapore 's airport
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin went to great lengths to portray their phone call Friday as evidence the two leaders were working together to stabilize the situation in Ukraine . Absent were the accusations they traded the past two months over the future of the former Soviet republic . The Obama administration continues to dismiss the notion of a new Cold War with Russia . But the louder their protests , the more apparent the chill has become . It was on display Saturday in widely differing characterizations of a telephone conversation between Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart , Sergey Lavrov , after news broke that Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych left the capital because of what he described as a "  coup . " Kerry said the two agreed on a need to resolve the political tumult in Ukraine without violence , and that he expressed to Lavrov the importance of both countries encouraging Ukraine to move toward constitutional change , according to the State Department . But Lavrov said he raised concerns about "  illegal extremist groups " refusing to surrender arms and reiterated the conversation between their respective leaders . "  Putin called on Obama to use all opportunities to curb the radicals ' illegal actions and settle the situation by peaceful means , " according to a state-run ITAR-TASS report , which was tweeted by Russia 's Foreign Ministry . In December , Kerry snubbed Ukraine after it rejected an agreement to increase trade with Europe . Instead he visited Moldova , which did sign the agreement . There , Kerry insisted the United States was not engaged in a bidding war with Russia over Ukraine or any of the former Soviet republics . Kerry raises idea of sanctions against Ukraine government Similar statements ensued over the past few months , with the White House saying this week the Ukraine conflict is not reminiscent of the "  proxy conflicts of the Cold War era . " Obama put a finer point on showdown in Kiev this week , saying he did n't view U.S. and Russian differences over Ukraine , or Syria , through that lens . "  Our approach as the United States is not to see these as some Cold War chessboard in which we 're in competition with Russia . Our goal is to make sure that the people of Ukraine are able to make decisions for themselves about their future , that the people of Syria are able to make decisions without having bombs going off and killing women and children , or chemical weapons , or towns being starved because a despot wants to cling to power . " U.S. talks tough , but options limited in Ukraine Obama is right . It is not the Cold War . Today , the United States has the upper hand economically , militarily and diplomatically . But it does face a resurgent , defiant and increasingly authoritarian Russia . But , in essence , it is a chessboard . And the crisis in Ukraine illustrates the latest moves between Washington and Moscow as they compete for influence on the world stage . The disagreement between the two powers over Ukraine is not entirely dissimilar to their power play over the conflict in Syria . Until recently , Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych was able to challenge his opposition 's pro-Western leanings with Russian political and financial backing , just as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in large part has been able to withstand three years of civil war and threats of American military strikes with Russian money , arms and diplomatic support . But in both cases , Obama matched Putin 's moves with his own . Washington banned 20 officials from the Russian-backed government in Kiev from traveling to the United States , and has threatened further measures if government forces continue their violent crackdown against protesters . Frustrated with Moscow 's failure to enact any compromises from the Syrian regime at U.S.-Russian sponsored peace talks in Geneva , the United States has now signaled it is examining its policy options in Syria , where the bombing by al-Assad 's forces against civilians has intensified . Putin 's desire to maintain a sphere of influence in the Middle East is in no ways limited to Syria . He has met U.S. ambivalence toward the military-led government by welcoming the de facto Egyptian leader , Field Marshal Abdel Fattah El-Sisi , to Moscow this month , giving him an endorsement for his as-yet undeclared candidacy for president and continuing discussions about a $ 2 billion arms deal for Egypt , even as the U.S. has suspended some military support to Cairo . The visit was a Russian bid to rekindle a relationship that foundered since the Cold War , when Egyptian President Anwar Sadat broke off ties with the Kremlin . The ties remained frosty during Hosni Mubarak 's 30-year rule . But the warm reception of Sisi and Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy also seemed designed to send a message to the United States that Russia still has clout in the region 's most influential and populous country and is prepared to increase its military ties . Sport is not immune to the rivalry between the two nations . Obama declined to attend the Sochi Olympics , instead sending openly gay athletes in a clear jab at Russia 's anti-gay laws . It was the first time in more than a decade a U.S. president , vice president , first lady or former president has n't attended an Olympic opening or closing ceremony . The U.S. hockey victory over the Russians in Sochi , the first American win since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , added insult to injury , presumably made even more painful by the gloats of National Security Adviser Susan Rice , who tweeted "  U.S.A. , U.S.A. , U.S.A. " Overall , Putin 's party in Sochi was a relative success . Dire predictions of political protests or a terrorist attack have n't materialized , and after a rocky start in terms of preparations at some hotels and the condition of some venues , the games were hailed by most athletes and the International Olympic Committee athletes . Putin was even on his best behavior as he made a visit to American athletes at the U.S. Olympic headquarters . But now that the Sochi games are coming to a close , Putin has even less incentive to play nice . With the truce in Kiev shaky at best , the U.S. is bracing for an even more audacious power grab for Ukraine -- whether that be financial blackmail or even sending in its own forces if the violence continues . It will then be up to the U.S. to contemplate its next move on this chess board . With Ukraine 's future at stake , it 's far from a game . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : John Kerry and his Russian counterpart give differing views of conversation Obama administration continues to dismiss notion of new Cold War with Russia John Kerry said in December that U.S. , Russia were n't engaged in bidding war over Ukraine White House says Ukraine conflict not reminiscent of ` proxy conflicts of the Cold War era '
CNN  -- Efforts to reform the Afghan National Police force have been stymied by "  corruption and lack of political will , " and police are wrongly being used to help fight the insurgency instead of crime , an independent research group said in a report . An Afghan policeman guards the scene of a suicide attack in Kabul on November 27 . "  The U.S. military ... still mainly sees the police as an auxiliary security force rather than an enforcer of the law , " the International Crisis Group concluded in a report posted Thursday on its Web site . "  Too much emphasis is still placed on using the police to fight the insurgency rather than crime . "  The Afghan National Police  ANP  is ill-equipped for this role , and has been targeted by the Taliban , with 1,200 killed in 2007 and a similar toll expected in 2008 , " the group added . The Taliban will be on the agenda during the first visit by Pakistan 's president to Afghanistan on Friday . The talks come amid ongoing warfare and tension along the Afghan-Pakistan border . Some of the Taliban militants conducting attacks in Afghanistan have been based in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province and nearby tribal regions . "  The goal of the Afghan government and the international community should be a national police force able to uphold the rule of law , and thereby help tackle the root causes of alienation that drive the insurgency , " the International Crisis Group said . The group described Afghanistan 's Interior Ministry as a "  hub of systemic corruption , " and accuses the department of placing "  personal enrichment " above the need for improved policing . Recent leadership changes at the Interior Ministry should be used to stress that abuses will no longer be tolerated . "  There has been little political will in Kabul or foreign capitals to tackle the power brokers who are preventing reform , " said Samina Ahmed , the group 's South Asia project director . "  Organized crime and lawlessness lie at the heart of much popular disillusionment and instability . Better law enforcement , including a functioning judicial system , would help counter any appeal the insurgents may hold in Afghanistan , " he added . The International Crisis Group covers more than 60 countries and territories , using field-based analysis and advocacy to deter and resolve deadly conflicts .	Afghan National Police is ill-equipped to fight insurgents , group says There have been 1,200 insurgency-related police deaths in 2007 Group alleges Interior Ministry puts personal gain above improved policing Taliban on the agenda during visit by Pakistan leader to Afghanistan on Friday
CNN  -- Recent headlines make clear that the American public is troubled by government secrecy . But what should be done to address these concerns is less clear . Some argue that there ought to be little or no government secrecy because citizens must be kept fully informed of what public officials are up to . But this stance makes little sense since the government has to collect secret intelligence and conduct covert operations in order to preserve national security . We do not want Iran to build nuclear weapons , or North Korea to refine its missile technology , or al Qaeda to launch another attack , or for the Middle East to descend into war . To confront these threats and challenges we need the NSA and CIA to keep tabs on foreign powers and organizations . Since we can not do without intelligence , and the secrecy this requires , the sensible thing to do , it would seem , is to bolster the checks and balances that can prevent the misuse of such powers . But this is easier said than done . Consider the difficulties that arise when lawmakers and judges are tasked with overseeing covert activities . Presidents often feel uncomfortable sharing secrets with Congress , because its members have been known to disclose information in order to score partisan political points . Meanwhile judges tend to defer to the government 's claims about what needs to be kept secret in the national interest because they believe they lack the expertise and the authority to second-guess intelligence agencies . A common response to these difficulties has been to urge lawmakers and courts to do more . Congress ought to compel the executive to share secret information , the argument goes , and judges ought to cultivate greater expertise in intelligence matters or draw upon outside experts . But this advice overlooks a deeper problem -- often there is no obviously "  right " answer about what should be concealed or disclosed . In order to determine what should be made public it is necessary to balance often uncertain costs and benefits . For example , revealing how Angela Merkel is targeted by surveillance operations might better inform public debate on surveillance but it might also allow Kim Jong-Un to better evade American surveillance . Does the benefit outweigh the cost ? Much depends on the facts , and therefore on the political judgment and moral sensibilities of officials who have access to the facts . The uncertainties surrounding covert activities may lead us to think that we can prevent secrecy from being used to conceal wrongdoing by being careful about whom we appoint to exercise and oversee secrecy . But it is n't quite that easy . We can not be entirely confident about the quality of oversight provided by those whom we task with monitoring secret activities , since such oversight must itself be conducted in secret . How then to tell if those whom we select are dispassionate and thoughtful when we can not see how they are doing their jobs ? An example might make this point clearer . Recently the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Court  FISC  has come under criticism for authorizing surveillance by the NSA . Did the FISC act reasonably ? We can not be certain because the confidential nature of its deliberations prevents a full telling of the story . This does n't mean the FISC is untrustworthy -- were the facts able to be made public , the critics ' fears that it acted subserviently might prove entirely unjustified . There is another way to guard against the abuse of secrecy . There is the distinct possibility that if something wrongful is done secretly , someone in the chain of command will make the wrongdoing public . Such disclosures can take the form of whistleblowing  when government employees complain openly  or leaking  when they disclose evidence anonymously  . There are many well known examples of such unauthorized disclosures . Recall for instance Mark Felt 's disclosures that helped bring down the Nixon administration , or the leaks that revealed the existence of so-called CIA "  black sites "  or secret prisons  during the so-called War on Terror , or the complaint by Sergeant Joseph Darby that exposed prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib . The fact that whistleblowers , leakers , and reporters can act as "  fire alarms " has led to their being valorized in the news media . As a result , when the Obama administration has taken action against government employees that have disclosed classified information , and subpoenaed the Associated Press ' telephone records , it has been accused of waging a "  war on whistleblowers " and undermining the First Amendment . But once again we must be careful . Brave whistleblowers like Darby deserve our support and praise . However we should not overlook the possibility that some government employees disclose information in order to settle scores or to further their own preferred policies . Nor should we forget that the press profits from scandal , which gives it a strong incentive to sensationalize and exaggerate . Of course the motives of leakers , whistleblowers , and the reporters that cover them are not particularly relevant when they expose unquestionably criminal activity . Felt 's motivations when he disclosed what he knew about Watergate seem quite irrelevant for instance . But a government employee 's motives -- and a reporter 's incentives -- do matter when they disclose secret information concerning activities whose alleged illegality and immorality is doubtful . At times their claims can be quite weak . Consider for instance Edward Snowden 's claim that he disclosed NSA secrets because he "  witnessed systemic violations of law by my government that created a moral duty to act . " This claim does not justify his revealing U.S. surveillance of Chinese or German leaders . There are no laws prohibiting countries from spying on each other . Snowden apparently believes that spying is immoral , but then why did he agree to work at the NSA ? And more importantly , why is he entitled to impose his ideological beliefs on Americans who would prefer that we keep tabs on Chinese and European leaders especially since those countries spy on Americans ? Snowden also claims that his revelations have been "  a public service " because they have increased public "  knowledge " of surveillance activities . But has public knowledge really increased ? The NSA can not present its side of the story because it needs to protect the methods it uses . So we only have half the story . Moreover , Snowden 's desire to foster public debate about surveillance is naive . An open discussion on what kinds of surveillance activities should be out of bounds alerts foreign powers and organizations about which communications channels it would be safe for them to use . For example , if the U.S. declares that it will refrain from cracking the encryption systems used by Apple or Google , wo n't that encourage al Qaeda to use iPhones and Gmail to communicate ? So to answer the question we started out with , the public 's approach to government secrecy ought to be a measured one . We ought to recognize that secrecy can be necessary for national security , and we ought to take responsibility for the people we appoint to exercise secrecy on our behalf . We ought to welcome unauthorized disclosures when they reveal unquestionably criminal activity . At the same time , we ought to remember that the watchmen that guard against the misuse of this secrecy , including whistleblowers and reporters , might themselves behave less than sensibly . The opinions expressed are solely those of Rahul Sagar .	We ought to recognize that secrecy can be necessary for national security , Sagar writes We should welcome unauthorized disclosures when they reveal criminal activity , he says Sagar : Watchmen that guard against the secrecy misuse might behave less than sensibly
Cairo  CNN  -- Forty-three people , including 19 Americans , face prosecution in an Egyptian criminal court on charges of illegal foreign funding as part of an ongoing crackdown on nongovernmental organizations , a prosecution spokesman said Sunday . Those referred to court also include five Serbs , two Germans and three Arabs , said Adel Saeed , spokesman for the general prosecutor . The remaining people are Egyptian , he said . The defendants include Sam LaHood , International Republican Institute country director and the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , Saeed said . The defendants were named by an investigation committee created by Egypt 's justice minister , Egypt 's state-run Nile TV reported . "  We have seen media reports that judicial officials in Egypt intend to forward a number of cases involving U.S.-funded NGOs to the Cairo criminal court , " said Mark Toner , deputy spokesman for the U.S. State Department . "  We are deeply concerned by these reports and are seeking clarification from the government of Egypt . " Egyptian authorities carried out 17 raids on the offices of 10 NGOs in late December , but offered no clear explanation for the raids as they happened . A spokesman with the general prosecutor 's office said the raids were part of an investigation into allegations the groups had received illegal foreign financing and were operating without a proper license . Three U.S.-based organizations operating in Egypt were part of the raids . Egyptian police confiscated everything from desks , cell phones , documents and computers to office safes , Leslie Campbell with the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs told CNN in an interview just after the raids . U.S.-based Freedom House and the International Republican Institute  IRI  reported their offices were raided as well . Despite assurances the State Department says were given to the U.S. ambassador by Egyptian authorities , two of the NGOs said that as of early January , no property or cash had been returned . "  We had been assured by leaders in the Egyptian government that this issue would be resolved , that harassment would end , that NGOs would be allowed to go back to business as usual and that their property would be returned , " State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said last month . "  It is , frankly , unacceptable to us that that situation has not been returned to normal . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and U.S. Ambassador Anne Patterson both spoke with high-ranking Egyptian officials following the raids to voice their concern . Nuland said last month there are apparently "  some Mubarak holdovers in the government who do n't seem to understand how these organizations operate in a democratic society , and are putting out lots of disinformation about them . " Human Rights Watch called Sunday for Egyptian authorities to drop the charges and stop the criminal investigation into the NGOs . "  The Egyptian authorities are using a discredited Mubarak-era law to prosecute nongovernmental groups while proposing even more restrictive legislation , " said Joe Stork , Human Rights Watch 's deputy Middle East director , in a statement . "  The government should stop using the old law , halt the criminal investigations and propose a law that respects international standards . " The IRI said in a statement Sunday the reported prosecution "  reflects escalating attacks against international and Egyptian democracy organizations , " calling it a "  politically motivated assault . " Egyptian officials have called it a "  legitimate judicial process , " the organization said , but "  the continued assault on American , German and Egyptian civil society is not a ` legitimate judicial process . ' It is a politically motivated effort to squash Egypt 's growing civil society , orchestrated through the courts , in part by Mubarak-era holdovers . " The National Democratic Institute said in a statement that while it does not know specifically which individuals or organizations are implicated , it was "  deeply concerned about this development . " "  NDI conducts all of its nonpartisan activities in Egypt in an open and transparent manner , and has cooperated fully with this probe , " it said . "  NDI applied for registration through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 2005 and has fulfilled all of the registration requirements for the past six years , including a number of updates provided in January . " In late January , U.S. government officials said Sam LaHood was among three Americans taking refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Cairo because they voiced concerns about their personal safety . "  We do not believe they were in physical danger , but they had concerns , and they were invited by the embassy , " Nuland said , explaining that the Americans had approached embassy staff . "  This was a unique situation , " Nuland said , adding that those in the Embassy are not trying to avoid the legal process . Sam LaHood said while he felt "  safe physically , " he was concerned that the investigation into the work of American non-governmental organizations has "  taken on a more serious nature , and the next step from here would either be arrest or go to trial . " Egypt 's investigation of and raids on U.S. democracy support groups working in that country could mean the end of U.S. aid to Egypt , members of Congress told top Obama administration officials , as well as the head of Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , last week . In a February 2 letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Panetta , 41 members of Congress urged the administration to withhold further aid to Egypt until the country 's leadership lets the offices of those organizations reopen and returns seized property . Members of Congress issue warning on U.S. aid to Egypt The United States sends more than $ 1.3 billion each year in military aid to Egypt , according to the U.S. State Department . And , since 1975 , the U.S. Agency for International Development has provided more than $ 28 billion in economic and development assistance to Egypt . "  The absence of a quick and satisfactory resolution to this issue will make it increasingly difficult for congressional supporters of a strong U.S.-Egypt bilateral relationship to defend current levels of assistance to Egypt , especially in this climate of budget cuts in Washington , " the letter warns . "  It 's essential that Egypt not take any legal action whatsoever against these NGO workers , " Rep. Peter King , R-New York and chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , said Sunday . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , Egypt 's ruling military council , assumed control of the government following the ouster of longtime President Hosni Mubarak last year . "  We 're being accused of things we 've never done , " IRI President Lorne Craner said last month . "  We are told we have operated without registration , and that is true because we filed our registration papers five and a half years ago . We were told the papers are complete and we 're still waiting . " "  We 've operated for 30 years , everywhere from  dictator Augusto  Pinochet 's Chile to Nicaragua , to the Soviet Union when it was the Soviet Union , to Central Europe , to Indonesia under Suharto , " he said . "  We work in China , Belarus . This has never , ever happened in the 30 years where we get our offices raided . And Egypt is supposed to be an American friend . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	NEW : The State Department says it is "  deeply concerned " The defendants include the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood They are charged with illegal foreign funding , authorities say The charges follow raids in late December on the offices of 10 NGOs
CNN  -- In Jacmel , Haiti , as light rain fell with the darkness Wednesday , Gwenn Goodale Mangine and a group of 35 people prepared to spend their second night sleeping outside on mattresses and cardboard boxes in her driveway . Everyone is scared to be indoors . It is cold and damp . The people of Jacmel line the streets , setting tires on fire to light up a town that has been reduced to rubble in many parts and is without power , she said . The flames are all that illuminate what remains of this town on the southern coast of Haiti , about 25 miles from the capital Port-au-Prince , Haiti . "  No one is wanting to go back into their homes , so they were all on the street . It 's still like that , " Mangine , 32 , told CNN , speaking using a fleeting Internet connection . "  Hundreds of people are all hunkered down for the night passing time and burning tires to light up the night . " The local airport has now become a refugee camp , she said . Buckets have become toilets . Residents shower using containers filled with water , if they can find it , she said . Mangine and other residents of the town , with a population of about 34,000 , spent Wednesday trying to stock up on supplies , while they remained fearful of continuing aftershocks , looked for survivors and tried to gauge the level destruction . The U.S. Geological Survey said the perceived shaking from Tuesday 's earthquake near Port-au-Prince would have been very strong in Jacmel , and they would be vulnerable to structural damage . "  Schools , homes , churches , businesses , hotels , old historic buildings -- dozens and dozens , gone , " Mangine told CNN . "  I just kept shaking my head and muttering , ` Oh my word , ' over and over . " Mangine and her husband Nick have lived in Jacmel since April 2009 working with the organization "  Joy in Hope , " and are houseparents at a home for orphaned children . Today , along with others in this town , they frantically searched for loved ones -- a task made harder by the power outages and Internet troubles in the wake of the devastation . In one incident , a staff member 's daughter was nowhere to be found after her home collapsed . They feared the worst , but eventually were elated to find out she was OK . Mangine also helped a 24-year-old man named Hughes find his mother . Mangine and Hughes drove towards Hughes ' mother 's house . From the truck , he spotted her in the distance . "  He jumps out of the car as I am still driving and he yells , ` Manman , Manman ! ' -LSB- Mommy , mommy -RSB- , " Mangine said . "  He runs and hugs her and starts sobbing . His mother , Rosemary , is clinging to him , and sobbing too . " They embraced tightly for more than five minutes , Mangine said . "  Man , it tore my heart out , " she said . "  I could n't help but sob myself . " Mangine said she has lived through tropical storms and floods that caused landslides and problems -- problems she attributes to poor construction . Haiti was ` catastrophe waiting to happen ' At the Hands and Feet Project in Jacmel , Mark Stuart said he believes good construction is what kept their structure largely intact . "  I 'm very , very thankful for the quality of the construction here , " Stuart said . "  It gives us a hope that we will make it . " Hope is alive in Jacmel , Mangine said , but the earthquake caused destruction she could n't believe . "  This is a whole different scale , " she said . "  It 's the most helpless feeling in the world . We 've just heard story after story of people being trapped in piles of rubble -- and there 's no way to dig them out . No big machinery . No tools . There 's nothing . Nothing . " It lies in stark contrast of what it was more than a day ago . Before the quake hit , she had just finished English and Creole lessons with a staff member and went to lie down . When the tremors began , she initially dismissed it as a large truck going by . "  But then I realized the house was really shaking . The whole house , " she said . "  Things began to fall off the wall . The thought going through my head was that our house was collapsing . " Her heart began pounding , she said . "  I was pretty sure I was n't going to get out in time since I was on the second floor , " she said . "  I jumped up quickly and started screaming in English and in Creole for my children to leave the house . " They counted their blessings when they realized everyone they knew was okay . Now , Mangine and her group are trying to focus on helping wherever they can . The city is devastated . " -LSB- It -RSB- looks like Jacmel , just more broken . Jacmel was once a beautiful , thriving city . That 's long since passed , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- what happened yesterday tore up a big chunk of history , a big chunk of commerce , and a big chunk of the hearts of the Haitian people . " Still , as she prepared to sleep outside again with her family , staff and others in the town , Mangine saw a silver lining . "  I still feel optimistic that if anyone can rise above this , it is the people of Haiti , " she said . "  There 's a Creole word for when you have to rig something to make do -- degaje . In my opinion the ability to degaje is in part what gives this culture the spirit of resiliency that I so admire . " CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Residents in Jacmel , Haiti , sleeping on mattresses , boxes in driveways Gwenn Goodale Mangine tells CNN schools , homes , churches destroyed in town Mangine : "  There 's no way to dig them out . No big machinery . No tools . There 's nothing " Earthquake tore a "  big chunk of the hearts of the Haitian people , " Mangine says
Metro-North Railroad , the second largest commuter rail line in the country , has a "  deficient safety culture " and overemphasizes on-time performance , according to a report released Friday by the Federal Railroad Administration . The review , which comes after a 60-day safety assessment by the U.S. Department of Transportation 's rail agency , said the focus on punctuality "  has had a detrimental effect on safety , adversely affecting the inspection and maintenance of track and negatively impacting train operations . " Metro-North employees have reported feeling pressure to rush when responding to technical issues or needing more time to make necessary track repairs , according to the report . "  Currently , no single department or office , including the Safety Department , proactively advocates for safety " at the railroad , and there is no effort to identify or take accountability for safety concerns , the reviews said . Joseph Giulietti , who took over for former Metro-North president Howard Permut in January , responded to the report at Grand Central Terminal on Friday . "  Safety was not the top priority . It must be , and it will be , " Giulietti said . "  I have a clear message for our customers and our employees : Safety must come first at Metro-North . I will not allow any Metro-North trains to run unless I 'm confident that they will run safely , " he added . In the report , the Federal Railroad Administration said Metro-North has a poor training and record-keeping system . With 700 new employees hired in 2013 , an effective training program for new and existing employees is critical for safe operations , according to the assessment . "  The emphasis on on-time performance , combined with the increased volume of train activity , appears to have led managers and supervisors to allow inspections , maintenance and employee training to lapse , " the federal inquiry concluded . Metro-North has 60 days to submit a plan to improve the training program and the effectiveness of its safety department , according to the review . The three-month review was prompted by a derailment on December 1 , 2013 . A Metro-North train of seven cars derailed while traveling from Poughkeepsie , New York , to Grand Central Terminal in New York City . The train was hurtling along at 82 mph , far over the speed limit of 30 mph for that section of track , as it approached a sharp bend in the Bronx . The cars tumbled off the track , killing four passengers and leaving dozens more hospitalized . The lead car came to rest inches from water at the intersection of the Hudson and Harlem rivers . "  We at Metro-North are heartbroken at the loss of life that has occurred on this railroad , " Giulietti said , adding that Metro-North plans to create a confidential close-call reporting system for employees to report safety issues . Giulietti said that Metro-North officials also have plans to make personnel changes , to buy new equipment and install cameras inside the agency 's trains . "  We have a lot of work ahead of us . But every problem I 've seen here can be fixed -- and will be fixed , " he said . The December derailment was the fourth serious accident on the railroad since May 2013 . In June , a Metro-North train was sent down a track closed for construction and fatally struck a foreman . In another incident , a Metro-North train derailed and was struck by a train on an adjacent track . More needs to be done immediately to improve safety , said Federal Railroad Administration chief Joseph Szabo in a letter to the head of New York 's transportation authority after the derailment . "  Safety is our top priority , and this in-depth assessment should serve as a wake-up call to Metro-North as they work to make their operations safer , " said U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx . "  Efficiency and on-time performance are important , but they can not come before the safety of every passenger on board or those communities along the system . "	Federal review says Metro-North places "  overemphasis " on punctuality before safety Review finds that commuter railroad lacks safety advocates and accountability Metro-North official says safety "  was not the top priority , " but that "  it will be " Review prompted by December derailment that killed four and injured dozens
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nearly 150,000 homes were without drinking water Monday after the worst floodwaters in 60 years swamped large areas of western England . Flooding has caused widespread disruption across the country with further regions braced for more floods . British military and rescue workers battled to save a major electricity substation on the outskirts of Gloucester , England , that serves about 500,000 homes . About 1,000 Royal Navy personnel were building an emergency barrier to keep the Walham substation from flooding . Their efforts have been successful so far , the Gloucestershire Constabulary Emergency Services said Monday evening . Some 50,000 homes were already without electricity before the substation was threatened . Two major rivers -- the Thames and the Severn -- are well above their normal levels and may burst their banks , according to authorities . Watch as Britons brace for more flooding " Britain 's Environment Agency warned water levels could rise further to a "  critical level " and issued nine severe flood warnings across the country . The worst affected areas are the counties of Gloucestershire , Herefordshire , Worcestershire and Oxfordshire , which had more than 5 inches  12.5 cm  of rain in barely 24 hours . More rain is forecast , and the risk of flooding is increasing as floodwaters work their way into the river system . In the historic city of Gloucester , the River Severn is expected to burst its banks later Monday . The river is already nearly 15 feet  5 meters  above its normal level for this time of year and close to breaching its banks . See residents walk through flooded streets and homes " Electricity and water supplies in and around the city are already cut to many residents , after a water treatment plant and electricity sub-station were flooded . The city of Tewkesbury is also flooded -- video from the area showed dozens of cars and homes under several feet of water . Officials said it would be at least 48 hours before they could gain access to the Mythe Water Pumping Station in Tewkesbury to return water supply to 70,000 customers in Tewkesbury , Gloucester and Cheltenham . "  There is no doubt this unprecedented situation has been testing for each and every one of the emergency services and our partner agencies , " said Gloucestershire Chief Constable Timothy Brain . "  I must pay tribute to the marathon effort being made to prevent the situation from worsening and to support those affected by the flooding , loss of power , loss of water and other consequences of this extreme situation , " he said . Hundreds of people in the worst affected areas have been plucked to safety by helicopters of the Royal Air Force and boats . Further north in Evesham , the River Severn is more than twice its normal width . So far this month England has had nearly two-and-a-half-times its normal rainfall . Prime Minister Gordon Brown visited Gloucester -- and promised to mobilize resources from across the country . He also announced increased funding for flood and coastal defenses across the country . "  Like every advanced industrialized country , we are coming to terms with the issues surrounding climate change , " he said . The prime minister described the flooding as unprecedented , and brushed aside criticism of his government for the quality of flood defenses and a slow response to the crisis . "  I think the emergency services have done a great job , " he said . "  I am satisfied people are doing everything they can . " The wet weather for much of June and July across England and Wales has also affected crops . Farmers are predicting low yields and higher prices -- with several crops due to be harvested in the next month . Insurance companies are expecting claims worth hundreds of millions of dollars because of flood damage . More than 2,000 people spent Sunday night in emergency accommodation and the Royal Air Force and coastguard helicopters airlifted hundreds to safety in one of Britain 's largest peacetime rescue operations . "  I 'm afraid to say that I do n't think we have seen the peak yet , " John Harman , of the Environment Agency , told BBC radio . "  All this water that we have seen ... is now into the river system . Even though the rain has eased off a bit ... it 's the water in the rivers now that constitutes a threat . " E-mail to a friend	Flood waters in parts of England at 60-year highs UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledges more funds to tackle floods Tens of thousands of people without water and electricity Environment Agency issues nine severe flood warnings
As televised theater , it was hard to beat . As political prognostication , it was a head-scratching moment . As partisan warfare , it was nothing short of audacious . But Karl Rove 's insistence that Barack Obama had not carried Ohio -- despite the call by his own network , Fox News , that the president had done just that -- represented something larger . It captured , for some long and awkward moments , the refusal of some in the media-and-politics game to accept reality . And that has been a recurring pattern this year . We 're not talking here about a bad judgment call by a pundit . Everyone in the commentary business , including yours truly , has made those . If failed predictions were a felony , the jails would be filled with media folks . Watch : Karl Rove rejects reality on Fox News Rove , to be sure , is a smart guy . He was n't called George W. Bush 's architect for nothing . He helped his guy win two presidential elections . He knows polls inside out . But Rove occupies a rather unique perch at Fox , and not just because he jumped from the Bush White House to the role of conservative cable commentator . Rove , who also has a Wall Street Journal column , helped create two political action committees , American Crossroads and Crossroads Grassroots Political Strategies , that raised and spent about $ 175 million in this campaign , most of it on television ads promoting Mitt Romney or attacking Obama . He was , in every sense of the word , a full-fledged political player . But he was also Fox 's most visible contributor , appearing far more often than Sarah Palin , delivering his political insights on shows from morning to night . Watch : Media still go wild for Donald Trump , who drove Romney nuts Fox is n't the only news channel to employ active partisans -- CNN has a few , too -- and media organizations long ago decided to blur the line between journalism and politics . I know the ties are generally disclosed , but personally , I would n't allow anyone who raises money or holds a party position to be on a news organization 's payroll . Why should viewers think they 're getting anything but one-sided spin ? Still , Rove undoubtedly wants to preserve his reputation as a political seer , which is why it was so stunning when he went rogue on Tuesday night . It was a moment of high drama . Fox News , CNN and MSNBC were each in the process of calling Ohio -- and thus the presidential race -- for Obama . But Rove began arguing with his Fox colleagues . "  I do n't know what the outcome is gon na be , but you should n't , you got ta be careful about calling things when you 've got something like 991 votes separating the two candidates and a quarter of the vote left to count , " he said . "  Even if they had made it on the basis of select precincts , I 'd be very cautious about intruding in this process . " Rove was , of course , wrong ; Obama won Ohio , and a second term . But what is striking is that he was challenging the decision-desk professionals at his network in a way that looked like he refused to accept the country 's judgment . Watch : Blame game -- the knives are out for Romney world This , unfortunately , has been a recurring theme all year . When Romney was down in the polls , some conservatives complained that media organizations were putting out biased surveys  which led to such sites as unskewedpolls.com  . When unemployment dropped in September , even critics as prominent as Jack Welch accused the Obama administration of cooking the books without a scintilla of evidence . And when Nate Silver , The New York Times ' number-crunching blogger , predicted Obama had a 90 % chance of winning , conservatives accused him of bias . Turns out he called the outcome correctly in every state . Watch : Turns out ` liberal ' media were right about Obama Donald Trump , who hardly distinguished himself in this campaign by pushing the birther nonsense , ranted on Twitter on Election Night that Obama 's victory was a "  disgusting injustice . " So he not only does n't accept that the president was born in Hawaii , he does n't accept that Obama won the election fair and square . I would n't suggest that Rove believes in any of this conspiracy stuff , though he doubled down on Thursday by saying the president won by having "  suppressed the vote , " which flies in the face of Obama 's efforts to boost turnout . But for a brief moment on Election Night , we got a glimpse of pure partisanship in the guise of journalism .	Howard Kurtz : Karl Rove challenged his own network 's pros on Election Night The Fox decision team called Ohio for Obama , but Rove refused to accept it Kurtz points out conservatives challenged accuracy of polls and of the unemployment stats He says the Rove incident was a case of partisanship in the guise of journalism
Rep. Don Young has never been known for mincing words , but his comments Tuesday regarding suicide to an Alaska High School took the "  breath away " from his audience . School officials told local news that the Republican congressman was disrespectful and offensive in responding to sensitive questions from students and faculty at Wasilla High School on Tuesday -- even when one question turned the conversation to suicide . Young told the audience that a lack of support from friends and family can lead to suicides , Wasilla High School principal Amy Spargo told CNN affiliate KTUU . Those comments came just days after a Wasilla student committed suicide . "  All of us first hand have been sitting with crying kids and we 've been talking to these families and we know how much these students are loved and supported and it just felt cruel to imply that there 's more the people who are left could have done , " Spargo said . "  The comments certainly took our breath away . " Young is the only member of the House of Representatives from Alaska , which has the highest suicide rate in the country . And Spargo told the Alaska Dispatch News that a friend of the recent suicide victim shouted at Young that the victim had both friends and support and that "  it 's depression -- you know , a mental illness . " The congressman 's answer according to Young : " ` Well , what , do you just go to the doctor and get diagnosed with suicide ? ' " And Young also reportedly told the school principal he thought the student who interjected was disrespectful . Rep. Young 's spokesman Matt Shuckerow told Alaska Dispatch News in an email that the congressman did not "  mean to upset anyone with his well-intentioned message . " "  In light of the tragic events affecting the Wasilla High School community , he should have taken a much more sensitive approach , " Shuckerow said in the email . But Young did n't just offend students and families mourning the death of one of their classmates . Young also fielded a question on same-sex marriage . According to Spargo , Young said "  You ca n't have marriage with two men . What do you get with two bulls ? " Young 's appearance at the high school was also reportedly peppered with profanity . It 's not the first time Young has sparked controversy by opening his mouth , referring to immigrants who worked on his famiily ranch as a kid as "  wetbacks . " "  We used to hire 50 or 60 wetbacks to pick tomatoes , " Young said last year .	Rep. Don Young reportedly told students suicide is due to a lack of support Students and faculty had been reeling from a student 's suicide days before Young 's spokesman said he did n't mean to upset anyone but should have been more sensitive
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The Supreme Court just did Latinos and African-Americans a big favor . It showed the two minority groups most impacted by affirmative action the writing on the wall and prodded them to end their crippling dependence on a program that , while intended to help them when it was designed a half-century ago , now arguably does them harm . On the surface , with its lopsided 7-to-1 ruling in Fisher v . The University of Texas , the Supreme Court resolved to do not that much . The justices ducked the weightier constitutional concerns involved in the issue of whether colleges and universities can take an applicant 's race or ethnicity into account . But they did scold the lower courts for their handling of the case and demand that they give the facts and the law another look . Writing for the majority , Justice Anthony Kennedy pointed out that the Supreme Court had previously set a standard of "  strict scrutiny " -- by which the burden lies on institutions of higher learning to show that they could n't have gotten where they wanted to go in terms of achieving a diverse student body by using "  race-neutral alternatives . " The lower courts did n't hold the University of Texas at Austin to that standard , Kennedy said , and so they need a do-over . The court 's four most conservative justices agreed with Kennedy , but so did Justices Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor , who are more liberal . Let 's give the majority of the justices some credit for not getting too carried way with the notion of victimhood . They could have suggested , along with Justice Clarence Thomas , that Abigail Fisher -- the onetime applicant to the University of Texas at Austin who was at the center of the case -- is the modern-day equivalent of those African-Americans who , in the pre-civil rights era , were routinely discriminated against and denied admission to colleges and universities because of their race . Thomas essentially compared what the University of Texas at Austin does now to what the University of Mississippi was doing in 1963 . Seriously ? Here 's what really happened in the Lone Star State . When Fisher applied in 2008 , the university set aside three-fourths of its available slots to students who graduated in the top 10 % of their high school classes .  Today , it 's 8 % . Fisher 's academics were n't strong enough to get her into that category ; she graduated in the top 12 % . And rather than admit that she should have earned better grades , she got angry with the university which doled out other slots under a process that weighed several factors including race and socioeconomic status . After all , a diverse state deserves a diverse class of leaders . Texas is 12 % African-American and 38 % Latino while the student body at UT Austin -- with its 52,000 students -- is just 4.5 % African-American and 18 % Latino . Curiously , Fisher blamed the university 's policy -- rather than her own academic shortcomings -- for not getting into the University of Texas . And then , she filed a lawsuit . She found her way to Louisiana State University , and the case bearing her name quickly found its way to the Supreme Court , where it was welcomed onto the docket by five justices who were already itching to strike down affirmative action . Despite what Justice Thomas would like to believe , Fisher is no victim . Had she worked a little harder in high school , she might have gotten into college on "  the 10 % rule " and saved us all a lot of drama . Besides , are n't conservatives the ones who are always talking about merit ? Yet , here they went to bat for mediocrity . It is simply not the case that white people are -- in the admissions process -- being subjected to some wholesale form of discrimination because they have long been considered inferior due to skin color . They do n't need to link arms and sing : "  We Shall Overcome . " Now , if you want to see real victims , look at African-American and Latino students who are being shortchanged by the public school system because those who teach them harbor low expectations . This is one of the most serious problems with racial and ethnic preferences -- that they camouflage what are often severe educational inequalities at the critical K-12 level . They can also lower standards , kill incentive , provide a crutch , attach a stigma to beneficiaries , and perpetuate a destructive spoils system that benefits a few at the expense of the many . These programs should have come with an expiration date . It 's been more than 50 years since President John F. Kennedy signed -- on March 6 , 1961 -- Executive Order 10925 , instructing U.S. government contractors to take "  affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed , and that employees are treated during employment , without regard to their race , creed , color , or national origin . " My parents ' generation suffered real discrimination , and so it made sense to give it a leg up through affirmative action . But it makes no sense to transfer that privilege to my children , who are being raised with every advantage . When that sort of thing happens , it only makes the public more cynical and bitter . The Supreme Court gave affirmative action in college and university admissions a reprieve this week , but it wo n't last long . The justices have another case on their docket for the fall . The hour is late . Latinos and African-Americans have the chance to end their dependence on a program that is taking them nowhere , and the rest of us can focus on fixing a broken educational system so that more students of color can succeed on the natural and go anywhere they want to go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette says affirmative action ruling is a signal He says court requiring universities to demonstrate justification for the program Navarrette : A generation ago , affirmative action was needed to remedy wrongs He says his children are being raised with every advantage
Is the tea party changing the Republican Party from the inside -- or selling out to the GOP ? As Republicans prepare to officially roll out Mitt Romney as their party 's presidential nominee at the Republican National Convention this week , major tea party groups and figures have descended on Tampa , Florida , to schmooze with party bigwigs and rally for Romney . But Romney 's conservative credentials have long been viewed with suspicion by the movement . So it came as a surprise when , before at least one event , tea party organizers committed what some activists would consider heresy : seeking approval from establishment Republicans to rally . How much of a damper will Isaac be to convention ? All of it has opened up a once unthinkable charge : the movement that 's rabble-roused and rocked the GOP establishment since 2009 is now too cozy with it . "  The top national groups have already sold out , " said Judd Saul , a prominent Iowa activist associated with the Cedar Valley Tea Party . "  They do n't truly represent the grassroots . " "  Even before the caucuses , these guys were all pushing for Romney even when the primaries were going on , " Saul added . "  It 's a pretty widespread  sentiment  . A lot of activists have noticed that . " But presidential historian Douglas Brinkley does n't see this phenomenon as anything new . "  I think it happens all the time in politics , " said Brinkley , a political analyst and professor at Rice University . "  The grassroots people are the people who are hypermotivated . They are people willing to go to rallies and hold bake sales and ... and they 're always later kind of seen as auxiliary players once it gets to the main game when the elections come in the fall . " Get the latest political news at CNN 's Election Center "  I think selling out is too strong , " added Brinkley . "  But you can say something to the effect of they 've tricked the tea party movement into believing they were going to have a meaningful role in the 2012 election . " Others are taking their groans to social media . "  I think it is time not only to clean up Washington but we as well need to clean up or clean out the top dogs in the RNC that are turn coats , " tea party supporter Margaret Robinson posted on the Facebook page for theteaparty.net . "  Not only TAKE BACK AMERICA but also need to TAKE BACK OUR REPUBLICAN PARTY . " Saska Mare , who describes herself as a "  tea party Republican " and Newt Gingrich supporter , wrote : "  Now is the time for All Good Patriots to come to the aid of their Country and QUIT MITT & RECRUIT NEWT !! " The president and CEO of one of the largest tea party sponsors knows that not everyone is happy with the commingling between the two groups . "  There 's always purists in any movement who think that anything less than perfect is a sellout , " said Matt Kibbe of FreedomWorks , based in Washington . "  But that 's not how the American system works . " The head of another group was more blunt . "  Anyone at this point who is trying to disrupt the convention or protest the nomination of Romney is blinded by irrational enthusiasm , " said Dustin Stockton , chief strategist for theteaparty.net . There is one problem with such rationalities : They contradict the movement 's belief that to change the system , it must be blown up . Since its birth three years ago , tea party activists have railed against compromise , leaned on lawmakers , launched RINO hunts against moderates deemed "  Republicans in Name Only " and sought swift action on their ideas of reduced government spending , lower taxes and increased adherence to the constitution . For them , political patience was not a virtue . But since then , the tea party has gradually moved from anger and impatience toward acceptance and embrace . Several leaders say they understand the slow pace of change and stress the need to change the political system from the inside . Stockton 's group sponsored a rally on Sunday in Tampa , a few miles away from the GOP convention site , featuring prominent tea partiers Herman Cain and U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann , both former presidential candidates . The 30-year-old tea party leader is adamant that the event 's goal is to continue advocating for the tea party . "  We wanted to make sure that when  activists  tune in to the convention and the convention starts , they know that the tea party is still here -- still fighting for the values they believe in , " Stockton said . "  Because that 's really uniting more than Republicans , actually the American people in general . And we wanted to do it right before the conventions to try and set the tone for the entire convention . " Yet Stockton also revealed something that will surely cause some activists to fume . "  In order to get the venue and everything , we did get the blessings of the Romney camp and the RNC to hold the event months ago , " Stockton said . "  And the Romney camp is sending  Utah  Congressman Jason Chaffetz as a surrogate for Romney . So they 're on board with it . " Many tea partiers support efforts to unify the movement with the GOP . Kibbe 's group is also holding GOP-friendly events during the convention week . But he , too , beats back any notion that the tea party is toeing the Republican line . "  I would describe us as having a foot in the door and a seat at the table , " the FreedomWorks chief said . "  Things are definitely trending in our direction . " Kibbe also noted another achievement : the GOP embrace of core tea party proposals . FreedomWorks had pushed the RNC 's platform committee to adopt 12 items . "  We had a whole delegation of tea partiers at the platform committee , " Kibbe said . "  And we feel like we made a lot of progress . We feel like we had success on 11-and-a-half of them . " Sal Russo , chief strategist for the Tea Party Express , also claimed that the Republican Party is coming around to the tea party -- not the other way around . "  We have a huge Tea Party Express rally  in Tampa  . In fact , we already have 15,000 reporters sign up to be there . We 've called it the ' 2012 Republican National Convention , ' " Russo joked . Though Stockton is promoting unity during convention week , he has a special gripe : one prominent tea partier is not on the speaking list . "  I 'm incredibly frustrated at the speaker lineup -- it does n't include Sarah Palin , " Stockton said . "  And Palin should have definitely been invited . He also lamented that two former presidential hopefuls in 2012 , Newt Gingrich and Texas Gov. Rick Perry , will not have a prominent presence . Palin on her lack of a speaking role at convention Meanwhile , after long viewing Romney as a suspect conservative , how are activists feeling about him now ? "  I say there 's a solid 50-50 split within the movement " for and against Romney , Saul said . He added : "  I will hold my nose and pull the lever for Romney . Legitimately , I think that President Obama is the worst of the two evils . And Romney has a shot . And with some backing and some pushing , he could do some better things for the economy and the country . " But the FreedomWorks chief stressed political patience . "  The practical reality of presidential politics : it takes years to build your brand , and your machine , your ability to fundraise , " Kibbe said . "  And the tea party class was very green ; they were n't ready . " In the face of some activist criticism , Russo said the movement should celebrate a milestone . "  I think  the tea party  has successfully yanked the Republican Party back to where it 's sort of always been since Reagan yanked it back -- which is an opposition to an increasing size , cost and intrusiveness of the federal government , " Russo said . Calling tea party opposition to Romney and the RNC "  silly , " Russo said : "  I mean , sometimes people do n't know when to declare victory . "	Some in tea party feel they are being absorbed by more mainstream Republicans Others believe the movement has been successful in shifting the GOP to the right Historian Douglas Brinkley : "  It happens all the time in politics "
CNN  An unseasonably warm winter has left parts of Alaska 's Iditarod trail without snow , exposing grass and gravel and forcing the famous dogsled race to move 225 miles north . Opening ceremonies in the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race kick off Saturday in Anchorage . When the race begins Monday , mushers will cross the starting line in Fairbanks instead of Willow , the traditional starting point . It 's the second time in the race 's 43-year history that the starting point has moved from Willow to Fairbanks because of weather-related issues , an Iditarod spokesperson said . The first time was in 2003 . While cities across the northeastern United States have seen record snowfall this winter , Alaska received less snow than usual . Anchorage collected only 20 inches of snow this season , compared with a seasonal average of 60 inches . Race organizers made the unanimous decision in February to move the race after determining that conditions were worse than last year in critical areas , and "  therefore not safe enough for the upcoming race , " Iditarod Chief Executive Stan Hooley said in a press release . While snow has fallen east of the Alaska Range over the past couple of weeks , other parts of the trail did not get much or any of it , Hooley told CNN affiliate KTVA-TV in February . The racing course spans a 1,000-mile trail across the Arctic tundra , ending in Nome . The race usually takes 10 days to finish , although Dallas Seavey finished the race in 2014 in a record time of eight days , 13 hours , four seconds , and 19 minutes . The lack of snow could be attributed to a highly amplified jet stream that brought warm air from the Pacific to the region , said meteorologist Dave Snider with the National Weather Service in Anchorage . "  It 's the same weather pattern that brought the east coast such snowy and cold weather this season . Alaska was simply on the warmer side of this weather pattern , " he said . Warm sea surface temperatures along the Alaska coastline are another reason for milder conditions , he added .	Alaska 's famed Iditarod race starts Saturday a lack of snow forces the starting point to move 225 miles north Warm air from the Pacific has affected weather conditions in Alaska
CNN  -- Granddaughter of Thor Heyerdahl , Josian will join the Plastiki during the voyage . The 26-year-old scientist thinks she will miss a hot shower while aboard but is thrilled by the prospect of the unknown on the adventure . Read her answers to our questionnaire , below . CNN : What did you want to be when you were young ? Heyerdahl : Biologist and theatre costume designer . CNN : What 's the one characteristic that has led you to where you are today ? Heyerdahl : Curiosity CNN : Who inspires you ? Heyerdahl : Sylvia Earle , my grandfather Thor Heyerdahl and grandmother Liv Rockefeller CNN : What 's the most important lesson you 've learned about yourself from the Plastiki project ? Heyerdahl : Believe in dreams . CNN : What 's your biggest hope for the expedition ? Heyerdahl : To have exciting sightings of the marine life that I hope to be a part of saving . CNN : At what point would you define the Plastiki a success ? Heyerdahl : The Plastiki is a journey of exploration and storytelling . The continual spread of the Plastiki 's message about using waste as a resource and the problem of plastic ocean pollution will be its success . CNN : What is your favorite sea creature ? Heyerdahl : Sea dragon and manta ray . CNN : When is the last time you personally used a plastic bottle ? Heyerdahl : I ca n't remember . CNN : What do you most value about nature ? Heyerdahl : Symbiotic relationships , speciation and adaptation for survival . CNN : What 's the one creature comfort you 'll miss most when you 're at sea ? Heyerdahl : Hot , fresh water shower . CNN : Name three books you will bring with you on the expedition . Heyerdahl : Not sure yet , I will have to tell you just before I leave . CNN : If you had to choose a theme song for the expedition , what would it be ? Heyerdahl : "  Love like a Sunset " by Phoenix . CNN : What 's your favorite adventure film / book ? Heyerdahl : Alice in Wonderland . CNN : What 's your green motto ? Heyerdahl : The planet 's resources are finite . CNN : What 's the main emotion you 're feeling right now days before the launch ? Heyerdahl : Excitement for the unknown . CNN : What 's your biggest fear for the expedition ? Heyerdahl : Getting caught in a storm and what that will be like . CNN : What 's the first thing you 'll do when you reach Sydney ? Heyerdahl : Kiss the ground and drink champagne !	Josian Heyerdahl will join the Plastiki during the voyage Apprehensive about sailing in stormy weather , but excited by the adventure The 26-year-old is inspired by her grandfather , Thor Heyerdahl
CNN  -- Angolan authorities have seized a U.S.-flagged ship in the port of Lobito , a spokesman for the Maersk Line of shipping containers said Wednesday . Local authorities said the ship was laden with war materials . "  Maersk Constellation has been detained by Angolan authorities in order to verify proper documentation of hazardous cargo , " Maersk spokesman Kevin Speers said in a written statement . "  The cargo in question is a U.S. government-approved export that is moving in full conformance with U.S. and international law . The cargo is not destined for Angola . We are working with Angolan and U.S. government officials and expect a resolution that will allow the ship to continue its voyage . " Local police authorities said that the vessel , en route from Senegal to Kenya , was seized Monday when it docked in Lobito , said Journalist Jose Manuel Alberto . According to the ship 's manifest , it was carrying soy for a South African non-governmental organization working in Benguela , a city in western Angola , but authorities said they discovered that the soy in four of the containers was covering a cache of guns , ammunition and rockets . Local police said the captain had known of the munitions , which belong to Kenya 's Defense Ministry , but failed to declare them . A call to Maersk was not immediately returned . A U.S. Embassy statement said the seizure was related to customs questions . CNN 's Joana Godinho contributed to this story	The ship is seized in the west African country 's port of Lobito The vessel was en route from Senegal to Kenya , local police say According to its manifesto , it was carrying soy But authorities say that beneath the soy lay weapons
CNN  Please , not even a demonstration . Freddie Gray 's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest . And above all , no violence . Raging hordes turned a deaf ear to that on Monday . But a handful of people repeated the family 's message . They became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires . The peacemakers -- clergy , Gray 's family and brave residents -- placed themselves in the rioters ' way . Their message was the same . "  I want them all to go back home , " said Rev. Jamal Bryant . "  It 's disrespect to the family . The family was very clear -- we 've been saying it all along -- today there was absolutely no protest , no demonstration , " he said . But the messengers were a finger in a dam that quickly crumbled , as rowdy groups swelled into a full urban riot . It overshadowed the message peaceful protesters delivered on prior days -- justice for Gray . The 25-year-old African-American man died from spinal injuries after being arrested earlier this month . The early fits of violence came in the afternoon , about the time mourners left Gray 's memorial services blocks away , Rev. Bryant said . They bumped right into it . "  For us to come out of the burial and walk into this is absolutely inexcusable , " he said . He did not want to see it spread to downtown Baltimore , where some rioters said it would , and organized people to stand in the way . "  We have a line of gentlemen from the Nation of Islam to build a human wall , as well as men from the Christian church making that human wall , " he said . But as crowds turned into multitudes , the intervention became a drop in the bucket by compare , and police lines were also no match . As officers in riot gear receded , flames engulfed cars and stores and roared out of apartment buildings into the night sky . A senior living facility under construction by a Baptist church burned to the ground . The blazes stretched the fire departments ' resources , as at least 30 trucks deployed . Looters streamed into a CVS , bodegas and liquor stores and walked out with what they could carry . A young man in a blue sweatshirt tried to talk people down by himself . He walked up to CNN correspondent Miguel Martinez , as a store nearby was being looted . It later went up in flames . The man , who did n't say his name , was disgusted at what was happening in his neighborhood and disappointed in the police response to rioting . There was a line of police down the street , not far away . "  They could have moved down here to stop it , " he told Martinez . The Gray family 's lawyers , again , put the family 's wish out to the public that there be no protests that day , let alone violence . It 's marring the cause and hope for change that may have come out of the investigation into Freddie Gray 's death , said family attorney Mary Koch . "  That 's just disintegrated into just looking at Baltimore city and thinking that the city is the city of violence , " she said . Against all odds , a handful of individuals kept trying to stop it . A tall , adult man walked up to a young man who was confronting riot police . He slung an arm over his shoulder , turned him back around in the other direction and marched him away from police lines . But as they strolled past a crowd , a young man behind them hurled a stone at police , putting his whole body into the throw . At least one young man paid the price for his participation , when his mother turned up to spank him home . Before running cameras , she slapped him in the head again and again , driving him away from the crowd , as she cursed . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts later thanked her . "  I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight , " he said . After night fell , giving way to a 10 p.m. curfew for juveniles , Robert Valentine stood alone with his back to a line of police in riot gear . He shooed away young people tempted to approach them . "  Go ! Step your -- ss away ! " "  I 'm just a soldier , " said Valentine . He told CNN 's Joe Johns that he was a veteran of the Vietnam War . Young people had no business on the streets , he said . "  They need to be in their home units studying and doing something with their lives . " Even Baltimore members of the Crips and Bloods , two street gangs renowned for drug dealing and extensive violent crime -- and for killing each other -- came together with others who condemned the rage that swept through their neighborhoods . "  The guys who pulled me aside are self-identifying as Crips and say they do n't approve of whats happening . ` This is our community , ' " wrote Baltimore Sun reporter Justin Fenton on his confirmed Twitter account . Gangs members joined community leaders and Gray 's family for a press conference Monday night on the stage at New Shiloh Baptist Church , which had held Gray 's funeral . An announcer thanked them for coming to the church . The gangs have signed a peace deal and are uniting to push against police lines in protests , according to a report by the Daily Beast . Rev. Bryant also mentioned their peace treaty . But police say the gangs ' purpose goes much further -- that they and another gang called the Black Guerilla Family plan to ` take out ' law enforcement officers , police said . "  This is a credible threat . " The gangs are consistently pursued by the FBI . At the end of the day , Gray 's family had the last word on the violence at the press conference . It was n't good . "  To see that it turned into all this violence and destruction , I am appalled , " said Richard Shipley , Gray 's stepfather . "  I want y' all to get justice for my son , but do n't do it like this here , " said Gray 's mother Gloria Darden , who wore a T-shirt with her son 's photo . "  I do n't think that 's for Freddie , " his twin sister Fredericka Gray said . "  I think the violence is wrong . " After their comments , Gray family lawyer William H. Murphy took the microphone . Violence is not the path to change , he said . Then he got back to the message than had been bitterly marred by the rioting . Murphy asked for a show of hands in the church audience of people who had experienced police brutality or personally knew someone who did . All but a few hands went up .	Gray 's family asked there be no protests ; they condemned violence Community leaders and brave residents got in between rioters and police
CNN Student News  -- July 6 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show :  Kennedy Space Center Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi ! We 're launching a special edition of CNN Student News this week . As the space shuttle program wraps up , we 're taking a look back - and a look forward - at NASA 's space program . First Up - Last Shuttle Launch AZUZ : The U.S. has been launching shuttles for 30 years . They are the world 's first re-usable spacecraft . They launch like a rocket and land like a plane . Atlantis , Challenger , Columbia , Discovery and Endeavour : These five orbiters have launched more than 600 astronauts into space . This video you 're seeing right here highlights some of their achievements . Over the course of 134 shuttle flights , these crews have logged millions of miles in space and carried thousands of tons of cargo . The space shuttle has served as America 's main transport for crews and supplies to the international space station . Shuttle crews have also repaired space equipment , like the Hubble Telescope . They 've launched new satellites , and they 've done experiments that ca n't be done on Earth . When the shuttle was first announced , the idea was that shuttle launches would be cheap enough to happen every week . But it actually costs about half a billion dollars to launch a shuttle , and NASA only ever planned a few missions each year . So , what 's NASA 's plans for the shuttles ' retirement ? Each one of them will become an exhibit in museums across America . So maybe one day , you might even get to go inside one . Now , we 're going to hear from someone who not only gets to go inside a shuttle , he gets to fly in one too : the commander of Atlantis 's latest mission , speaking a few weeks before the last scheduled mission . CHRISTOPHER J. FERGUSON , ATLANTIS COMMANDER : I do n't think that the full magnitude of the moment will really hit us until the wheels have stopped on the runway . I 'm not sure words will really be able to capture -- for the crew and for the entire shuttle work force -- just how much the shuttle program has meant to us for the last 30 years . Shoutout CHERYL CASTRO , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which constellation is named for a hunter in Greek mythology ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Capricorn , B  Orion , C  Ursa Major or D  Scorpio ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Orion is the mythological hunter who can also be found in the stars . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! NASA 's Next Steps AZUZ : Orion is also the name of a new program at NASA . It 's expected to be the replacement for the space shuttle program . Americans could be headed back to the moon or into deep space toward Mars . Now , those missions are a long way off . Part of the Orion program did go on the road recently though , and WTXL reporter Greg Angel got a chance to check it out . BEGIN VIDEO DMARCUS MCDONALD , STUDENT : It flies into space and looks at stars or moons or other planets . GREG ANGEL , WTXL REPORTER : Dmarcus McDonald is talking about Orion . This capsule , touted as the future of NASA , expected to one day carry man into deep space . CHARLES OHBAUGH , NASA ASTRONAUT : What this vehicle will allow us to do is hopefully go beyond lower Earth orbit , on to the moon and hopefully to Mars , ultimately , is our goal . ANGEL : But 34 million miles from Mars , here on Earth , Orion is getting a lot of attention during this special stop in Tallahassee . Dee Arnold drove in from Valdosta , Georgia to check it out before Orion is taken to its final destination at Kennedy Space Center . DEE ARNOLD , VALDOSTA , GEORGIA : I just like things that go on with the space program , and I just think it 's awesome . I just wanted to see the next thing that NASA was going to do , the next part of space explorations . NASA ANNOUNCER : Three ... two ... one ... launch ! ANGEL : The Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle , as it 's called , will likely be in line to replace the shuttle program . LINDA SINGLETON , NASA : We 're excited and very passionate about the work we do on this program , and we hope to launch our first orbital test flight as early as 2013 , so we 're ready to get on with the next program . ANGEL : While there 's still a lot of work to be done , according to NASA , this spacecraft should eventually be capable of sustaining a crew of up to six astronauts on deep space missions that could last anywhere from six days for a lunar fly-by , to up to 900 days for a Mars exploration mission . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : There 's debate among scientists on this issue and we know you 've got some opinions on it , too . Where should America go next ? To the moon ? Trips to Mars ? Somewhere else ? Or should we just stay home ? Send us your thoughts about the end of the shuttle program and the start of the next space program on our blog . You 'll find that at CNNStudentNews.com . Goodbye AZUZ : Before we go , the shuttle program may be on its last Endeavour . And NASA 's not likely to find the lost continent of Atlantis . But that does n't mean the agency is n't going to be looking for its next Discovery . So , while NASA moves forward , we 'll leave you with a look back . We hope you 're enjoying your summer so far . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . VIDEO MONTAGE OF SHUTTLE PROGRAM	CNN Student News is producing special , web-only shows all summer long Take a look back as NASA 's space shuttle program nears its conclusion Find out what 's on the horizon for America 's manned space program
Tens of thousands of Russians turned out in central Moscow and across the country Saturday to protest what they believe were rigged parliamentary elections . United Russia , the party of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , suffered big losses in the election , but retained its parliamentary majority . On Saturday , protesters chanted "  Putin out , " according to a correspondent from state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Between 20,000 and 25,000 protesters had gathered in the capital , Moscow , Ria Novosti said Saturday , citing police . There have been no reports of unrest and security has been tight . iReport photos : Thousands of protesters in Moscow Vladimir Ryzhkov , co-chairman of the Party of People 's Freedom , said 40,000 people had massed and some 10,000 were headed to the main protest venue , the news agency reported . Rally organizers and Moscow city officials agreed to allow demonstrators on Bolotnaya Square in Moscow Saturday . The event has been authorized to hold 30,000 people , yet tens of thousands more have indicated that they want to attend . The protesters are demanding an annulment of the December 4 election results and a new vote . Election officials on Friday released the official results : 238 seats for United Russia ; 92 seats for the Communists ; 64 seats for Fair Russia ; and 56 seats for the Liberal Democrats . Protesters say that these results are fraudulent . Putin said Russians have the right to assemble peacefully and legally . Hundreds of protesters were arrested during demonstrations earlier this week . Police said they cracked down on those demonstrations because the turnouts were not legal and the protesters were being disorderly . Demonstrators turned out in other parts of the country . RIA Novosti correspondents said around 1,000 people ralled in the southern Siberian city of Barnaul . Protests occurred in Krasnoyarsk , Vladivostok , Chita and Khabarovsk in eastern Russia . A demonstration also was planned for St. Petersburg , Russia 's second largest city .	Protests are taking place in Moscow and other cities Demonstrators think the parliamentary vote was rigged Vladimir Putin 's United Russia retained its majority 20,000 to 25,000 people turn out for protest in Russia , police say
CNN  -- As everyone but the citizens of Gotham City knows , Batman is Bruce Wayne . But lately , he 's been Dick Grayson . And this month , he 's also Damian Wayne and Terry McGinnis . Will the real Batman please stand up ? This look at Batman 's past , present and future has been brought about by Grant Morrison , the Scottish writer and playwright behind the award-winning "  All-Star Superman . " Morrison has masterminded a new direction for the character and returns to the 70-year-old "  Batman " comic book series with its 700th issue Wednesday . "  I started to do a bunch of research , and I realized that every story had been told , " Morrison said . He decided upon a psychological deconstruction of the character that would run over many issues and over two years , beginning with the story arc "  Batman & Son " in 2006 . In order to bring Morrison 's master plan to fruition , to "  set up a whole new status quo " for Batman , as he puts it , Bruce Wayne would have to be driven to the brink of insanity and ultimately killed , as he was in the mega-crossover story "  Final Crisis . " For the past year , Bruce 's onetime ward Dick has been Batman , and his son Damian has taken over for Robin , in a Batman and Robin series lighter in tone than what we 've been used to in the past few decades . This has all led up to "  Batman : The Return of Bruce Wayne , " currently in the middle of its six-issue run , in which Bruce -- or his consciousness at least -- travels through time on his way back to the present day . All of these plot threads culminate in the 700th issue , which tells stories of the Batman of the past  Bruce  , present  Dick  and future  Damian  , interpreted by three different artists . "  I wanted to sum up all of the things we love about Batman over the years and kind of see that moment where the Caped Crusader becomes the Dark Knight , " Morrison explained . " -LSB- All of the stories -RSB- connect in an interesting way . We also have a section looking at all the different future Batmen . It 's an attempt to do every version of Batman . " Indeed , Morrison is hard-pressed to choose a favorite interpretation of Batman . He has a great appreciation for all of them , from the campy 1960s TV series to Frank Miller 's gritty 1980s graphic novel "  The Dark Knight Returns " to the current movies directed by Christopher Nolan . "  Batman has been around 70 years . He 's been a comedy figure . He was a sci-fi superhero in the '50s . " If he had to pick one , Morrison would go with the version of Batman as the world 's greatest detective , as seen in the 1970s stories written by the legendary Denny O'Neil . O'Neil is returning for a special one-shot story himself this month . "  We like to revisit the people that made the character great , " said Dan DiDio , co-publisher of DC Comics  owned by Time Warner , which is also the parent company of CNN  . "  We pull him out of retirement every once in a while for Batman . It 's not an anniversary party without him . " If that 's not enough , DC has two more Bat-related mini-series starting this month . One is "  Batman Beyond , " based on the fan favorite animated series with Terry McGinnis as another future version of Batman . This series officially brings the character into DC Universe canon . "  The fans have been looking for this for a while , " DiDio said . "  This looked like the perfect opportunity to reintroduce him . " Meanwhile , the secret past of another once "  deceased " character , Jason Todd , the second Robin , is explored in "  Red Hood : Lost Days . " Is Jason more a hero or villain ? Morrison said , "  He 's an antihero , which is really good , and people like that . He 's not an evil villain ; he 's just a fallen superhero . " As for Morrison 's plans , he 's sticking around the Batcave for a few more years . "  I kind of figured -LSB- the story -RSB- would end , but it kept developing strands that were interesting . " After that , he 's pondering changing the status quo of a certain Amazon princess : "  I 've done my Superman story , and I 've done my Batman . ... It would be great to do one for Wonder Woman . "	Presumed-dead Bruce Wayne is returning to Batman comic books 700th issue of "  Batman " is culmination of a years-long story arc Writer Grant Morrison wanted to pay tribute to "  every version of Batman " "  Batman Beyond , " "  Red Hood : Lost Days " among special Bat-related series
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's oil minister Monday opened international bidding on six oil fields that could increase the country 's oil production by 1.5 million barrels per day . Iraqi flags flutter during the opening ceremony of a new oil refinery plant in the Shiite holy city of Najaf . But the oil ministry continues to negotiate short-term no-bid contracts with several U.S. and European oil companies , including Exxon Mobil Corp. , Royal Dutch Shell , Total SA , Chevron Corp. , and BP -- a step recently criticized by two U.S. lawmakers . Oil Minister Hussein Shahrastani announced Monday that 35 international oil companies can bid on long-term contracts for redeveloping the six oil fields , as well as two natural gas fields . "  It is a unique event and a significant feature in the new Iraq that we declare the first bidding course for developing the Iraq oil fields publicly and fully in a transparent way , " the minister said at Monday 's news conference . It marks the first time in more than 35 years that Iraq has allowed foreign oil companies to do business inside its borders . Shahrastani said the fee-based contracts will not give the winning companies a share in the revenue from oil sales "  because this wealth belong to Iraq only and thus we will not allow anyone to share the Iraqis ' oil . " Iraq has among the largest oil reserves in the world , with an estimated 115 billion barrels -- tying Iran for the No. 2 status behind Saudi Arabia 's 264 billion barrels , according to estimates from the Energy Information Administration . Iraq 's current oil production is 2.25 million barrels a day , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . That is close to its status before the U.S.-led war that toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003 , but below its levels prior to the first Persian Gulf War in 1991 . The six oil fields that will be open to development are in the Kirkuk oil fields and the neighboring Bai Hassan fields in northern Iraq , Shahrastani said . They are al-Rumeila , al-Zubair , al-Qurna West , and three fields in the Maysan oil fields -- Bazirqan , Abu Gharab and Fakah . The two gas fields are Akas and Mansouriya gas fields in western Iraq . The fields have already been explored and are producing oil and gas , but the equipment is old and outdated , Shahrastani said . He hopes that the new infrastructure provided by the international oil companies will mean "  the production can be increased in less cost and less time . " Iraq 's oil minister said the ministry will invite the 35 qualified international companies -- which includes BP , Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron -- to prepare their bids over the next two weeks . The contracts could go into effect by next year , but Shahrastani said it will take several more years before oil production is increased . "  We hope in 2013 through this first bidding course to increase production in these fields by 1.5 million barrels per day , in addition to our daily average production rate during the last five years , " he said . Meanwhile , Iraq hopes to wrap up its talks regarding short-term , no-bid contracts that would allow the U.S. and European oil companies -- including Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch Shell , Total SA , Chevron , and BP -- to service those oil fields as soon as possible . Last week , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , and Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , sent a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressing concerns about the no-bid contracts that the government of Iraq is negotiating with the U.S. and European companies . The senators , who released the letter , said they are worried that unfair distribution of oil revenue could inflame the violence between the warring religious and political groups of Iraq . "  We urge you to persuade the  government of Iraq  to refrain from signing contracts with multinational oil companies until a hydrocarbon law is in effect in Iraq , " read the letter from Schumer and Kerry . "  At this time , the  government of Iraq  currently does not have in place a revenue-sharing law that could fairly allocate any revenue gained from Iraq 's lucrative hydrocarbon fields between the three major ethnic groups in Iraq , " read the letter . "  We fear that any such agreements signed by Iraq 's Hydrocarbon Ministry without an equitable revenue-sharing agreement in place would simply add more fuel to Iraq 's civil war . " In their letter , the senators said that Iraq 's oil revenue during 2007 and 2008 will total $ 100 billion , "  most of which will not be spent on reconstruction due to bureaucratic incompetence . " The oil ministry said Monday that the negotiations over the no-bid "  technical support agreements " are ongoing . Under those short-term agreements the companies would be paid a fee for extracting the oil , but would not get a share of the revenue from oil sales . The companies that will be allowed to compete in the open bidding for long-term contracts , which would be under a similar revenue format , are :	Iraqi oil minister : 35 companies qualified to bid on service contracts for oil fields New contracts would raise Iraq 's production by 1.5 million barrels per day Reduction in violence has boosted production to highest level since 2003 Reports : 5 companies close to signing short-term oil service contracts no-bid basis
Federal investigators are checking whether 55 colleges and universities illegally handled sexual violence and harassment complaints , the U.S. Department of Education said Thursday . Such investigations have long been known , but this is the first time that the department has released a list of all probes currently under way . The list includes colleges and universities in 27 states and in the District of Columbia . See the full list here "  We are making this list available in an effort to bring more transparency to our enforcement work and to foster better public awareness of civil rights , " said Catherine E. Lhamon , the department 's assistant secretary for civil rights . "  We hope this increased transparency will spur community dialogue about this important issue . I also want to make it clear that a college or university 's appearance on this list and being the subject of a Title IX investigation in no way indicates at this stage that the college or university is violating or has violated the law . " Five schools promptly responded to CNN 's request for response . The University of California , Berkeley said it will cooperate with the investigation and added that its chancellor had sent out a letter to campus saying sexual assault would not be tolerated . "  Much has been done to strengthen the campus ' handling of these issues , but we understand that there is always room for improvement , " the university statement said . Washington State University , meanwhile , said it was notified in January 2013 that a federal complaint had been filed and volunteered to work with the Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights to improve its policies . In February , the university said , federal representatives visited Pullman and engaged in student focus groups as well as student and employee interviews . "  There has been no finding of any wrongdoing on the part of WSU . We are still waiting to hear from OCR regarding participation in the voluntary resolution process , " a university statement said , adding that there 's no tolerance for sexual harassment , assault or misconduct on its campus . The University of Wisconsin-Whitewater said it could not comment on specifics because of the ongoing investigation but said it , too , took sexual violence seriously and provides all victims with resources and assistance . The University of Chicago said it had "  made every effort to comply with the spirit and letter of this inquiry " and is committed to ensuring that its programs and work environment are discrimination free . The University of Colorado Boulder said it was n't surprised by its inclusion as it knew of the probe in July , and it has since hired a law firm to conduct an external review of its policies . It also expects to a name a specially designated Title IX director by the end of the summer . See other responses here The investigations center on Title IX , under which a school must ensure that students are not denied or limited in the ability to participate in or benefit from its educational programs or activities on the basis of sex . The list , which reflects open investigations as of Thursday , does not disclose any details about the cases , other than when the investigation was opened . The list will be updated regularly and available to the public upon request . In February , CNN profiled student and faculty activists from six schools in a report on how sexual violence complaints to the Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights had almost tripled since 2009 . Thursday 's numbers come on the heels of a marked year-to-year increase in complaints the department received , from 17 in 2012 to 30 in 2013 . Five of those six students ' universities were included in Thursday 's report : the University of Texas-Pan American ; Vanderbilt University ; the University of California , Berkeley ; Occidental College ; and Emory University . In the story , Joanna Espinosa , a student at UTPA who has since graduated , told CNN she would not have come forward without the help of a nationwide network that has been a driving force in bringing attention to the way schools handle sexual misconduct reports . President Barack Obama recently called the nationwide , student-led movement a catalyst for a federal task force to protect college students from sexual violence on campus . Rape is a longstanding issue on college campuses , but the latest movement , led by student activists , survivors and faculty , recasts sexual violence as a cultural problem on campuses nationwide -- not just a series of isolated incidents . Students are taking matters into their own hands , filing complaints en masse and speaking out publicly . They 've flocked to advocacy groups such as End Rape on Campus and Know Your IX , which sprang from grassroots activism around university handling -- or mishandling -- of sexual violence . Leslie Gomez , a Pennsylvania attorney and former prosecutor who has worked as a sexual assault policy consultant for Occidental College , Grinnell College and other schools , told CNN that from one campus to the next , the concerns are mostly the same : lack of clarity , students being mistreated , complex procedures and insufficient training among those leading the processes . After she grew displeased with how campus and local authorities handled her case , Espinosa reached out to End Rape on Campus , and a member of the group helped her file a complaint with the federal Office of Civil Rights . "  I 'm not sure I would 've come forward if all these people had n't done it before me , " Espinosa said . "  I needed the validation . I needed someone to confirm , ` You 're right . You 're not blowing things out of proportion . ' ... It was a relief to hear someone tell me , ` You have a case , and they should n't treat you this way . ' " In Thursday 's announcement , the Department of Education said releasing its list "  advances a key goal of President Obama 's White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault to bring more transparency to the federal government 's enforcement activities around this issue . " The department also released new guidance this week outlining federally funded schools ' responsibilities to address sexual violence and other forms of discrimination . All schools -- from K-12 to universities -- must comply with Title IX or risk losing funding and Justice Department action . "  Under federal law , sexual violence refers to physical sexual acts perpetrated against a person 's will or where a person is incapable of giving consent -- including rape , sexual assault , sexual battery , sexual abuse and sexual coercion , " the statement said .	List includes colleges and universities from 27 states and Washington , D.C. Education Department : "  We hope this increased transparency will spur community dialogue " Rape is a longstanding issue on campuses , but activists are now casting it as a cultural problem Any federally funded school not complying with Title IX risks losing funding
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Five militants suspected to be behind an airport attack in Peshawar were killed Sunday morning when police raided a house where they were hiding . The militants had taken the owner of the house hostage , said Peshawar Police Chief Imtiaz Altaf . When police raided the residence , two suspects blew themselves up and three others were killed in a gunfire exchange with officers . Police had been looking for the men after three rockets were fired toward Peshawar 's Bacha Khan International Airport on Saturday , killing at least nine people . Syed Naveed Qamar , Pakistan 's defense minister , said the target could have been an air force base , which is adjacent to the airport . Both the airport and the air base have the same entrance . Mian Iftikhar Hussain , information minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , said after the attackers fired the rockets they tried but failed to drive an explosives-laden vehicle into the airport . The vehicle struck the airport 's outer wall , blew up and killed five militants . Other than the attackers , four civilians were also killed , Shahid said . He said 35 people were injured as well . Two of the rockets landed inside the airport and the other struck outside the facility . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility of the attack . Taliban official Ehsanullah Ehsan said their target was in fact the air base . "  We have planned more attacks on Pakistani forces and its installation as it works to please the USA , " Ehsan said . Peshawar is near Pakistan 's volatile tribal region . Militants have a strong presence in that region , which borders Afghanistan .	Two suspects blow themselves up Three others die in a gunfire exchange with police The attack on the airport takes place Saturday The Taliban says its target was an air force base
CNN  -- Germans have learned a lot about Chancellor Merkel in this election cycle : we now know she has a drivers ' license , but feels too insecure to drive herself . She has confessed that in her youth she sometimes drank too much cherry wine and that she has been married once before and divorced . Her current husband , Joachim Sauer , a quantum chemist , often criticizes her for putting too few sprinkles on the cakes she bakes . He should know , since he is the son of a pastry chef . Read more : Could euroskeptics spoil Merkel 's plan ? Merkel knows how to cook potato soup , but her signature dish is hearty roulades . She believes in eternal love , and does n't like to Skype . In recent months , Merkel has shown the German voter that she is a real person , down-to-earth and approachable . But while some newspaper editorials have criticized the exposure of politicians ' personal lives as part of the "  Americanization " of German politics , others have applauded the trend for these more homely views . Peer Steinbrueck : The man who stirred up German politics German politics certainly needs more sparkle and a little less seriousness to get the voters more interested -- but at the same time personalities must not be allowed to trump politics , as often happens in the U.S. when a candidate stumbles over old love affairs or adolescent drug experiences . Germans have always oscillated between fascination with and scepticism of American politics , but they have still emulated the most successful U.S. tactics over the years . Read more : Is Germany playing beggar-my-neighbor with the eurozone ? Post-war political giants like Konrad Adenauer and Willy Brandt greatly admired the strategies of their American counterparts . Adenauer , the first post-war chancellor of West Germany , had photographs taken while playing boccia at his vacation home in Italy , taking care of his beloved rose garden , and baking pancakes . A decade later , Brandt , then the candidate for the Social Democratic Party  SPD  , sent his campaign manager to the U.S. to learn from the Nixon and Kennedy campaigns . Brandt adored Kennedy and followed his lead when he drove around Germany in a Mercedes convertible , giving marathon speeches in swing regions . Angela Merkel : Europe 's Mrs. Nein Last year , representatives of Germany 's major parties made pilgrimages across the Atlantic again , going to key states like Florida and Ohio , to observe and learn from the Obama campaign 's massive digital operation . Some ideas did make it into the German campaigns this year , but a lot of strategies just do n't work for the German electorate . Cultural differences , the political system , and financial resources make it impossible to adapt many U.S. tactics . Those who criticize the "  Americanization " of German politics are not seeing the obvious differences . Read more : It 's the economy , Dummkopf : CNN debate ahead of vote Micro-targeting , for example , does not occur in Germany because the laws are more restrictive than in the U.S. -- political parties are not allowed to collect data from voters without their consent . In addition , the German public highly distrusts official use of personal information . This could be one reason why social media is not yet as successful at turning people out to vote in Germany as in the U.S. -- or it could simply be that a lot of young Germans just do n't care about hashtags and retweets . The Social Democrats tried to emulate Obama 's extensive ground operation this year , launching their first door-to-door field operation . It is unclear if they will reach their target of knocking on five million doors by election day , but what is clear is that canvassing in Germany will never be as effective as it is in the U.S. , because without a data operation , you never know quite who to expect on the other side of the door . While Obama and Romney ran billion dollar campaigns in 2012 , the major German parties will each spend around $ 25 to $ 30 million on their election fight , the smaller parties less than $ 10 million . Romney and Obama spent $ 160 million dollars on ads in the swing state of Florida alone -- that 's more than all the major German parties combined will spend on the whole 2013 election campaign . Read more : Finance minister ' I do n't see ' further eurozone bailouts In the U.S. , the typical voter is bombarded incessantly by political advertising -- Romney 's and Obama 's campaigns even called me because their data system had obviously mistaken me for an American voter . In Germany , most parties release just one minute-and-a-half ad for the entire election . U.S. politicians are constantly campaigning ; by contrast the "  heisse Phase , " the hot phase of the German election , did not begin until late August , less than a month before polling day . German campaigns are far from Americanized , but they are using the best strategies from the U.S. to make politics more exciting . Personal exposure still comes in the right doses and flaws are accepted . Social Democrat candidate Peer Steinbrueck , the only candidate offering a strong challenge to Merkel 's position as chancellor was on the cover of a nationwide magazine gesturing with his middle finger just two weeks before the election . The magazine features an "  interview " in which people answer questions with actions , rather than words ; this was Steinbrueck 's answer to those who have taunted the gaffe-prone politician with nicknames during the campaign . The picture caused uproar for a couple of days , but the fuss soon died away , without becoming a major issue . If either Romney or Obama had given someone the finger , it would have been the end of their respective campaigns . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charlotte Potts .	German campaigns are using strategies from the U.S. to make politics more exciting , Potts says Unlike in the U.S. , most German parties release just one minute-and-a-half ad for the election Germans have always oscillated between fascination with and scepticism of American politics
CNN  -- When someone asks when the Republican Party abandoned its longstanding position as the party of family values , we will all be able to say it was shortly after 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on January 19 , 2012 , in Charleston , South Carolina . When the invited audience of 2,300 Republicans stood up and applauded Newt Gingrich 's angry and defiant response to the opening question from CNN 's John King about allegations leveled by the ex-wife of the former speaker of the House , it was clear that the GOP , always judgmental about marital fidelity with Democrats , threw that out of the window . The GOP 's desire to beat President Barack Obama at any cost , and its unwillingness to coalesce around Mitt Romney , clearly outweighs its view on rampant adultery by one of its leading presidential candidates . Those willing to make excuses for Gingrich 's cheating on his second wife , Marianne , with his current wife , Callista  he also cheated on wife No. 1 with Marianne , who later became wife No. 2  are quick to say that the Christian faith requires forgiveness . And that is absolutely right . But when has Gingrich apologized to President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore for his routine missives declaring both of them morally corrupt ? When has Gingrich ever said publicly that while he was ripping others to shreds , he was doing the same to his marriage vows to forsake all others ? The nation clearly was made aware of Clinton 's extramarital affairs while serving in the White House with the impeachment trial . But nothing of the sort was said about Gore . Yet that did n't prevent the bombastic Gingrich from lobbing his morally bankrupt grenades towards the Clinton-Gore White House . Now we know that while he was doing that , he was deeply involved in a torrid affair with Callista , then a Capitol Hill staffer . What was amazing Thursday night is that we were in South Carolina , the Bible Belt , where evangelicals hold significant sway . Just last year , Republicans were aghast when the governor , Mark Sanford , was busted for engaging in an international extramarital affair , hiding away in Argentina and lying about his whereabouts . Details of his sordid affair made national headlines and embarrassed the state and the national party . South Carolinians were disgusted with his behavior , and the potential presidential candidate who was a darling of Bible-thumpin ' social conservatives ended his tenure in shame , losing his wife in the process . So why was the GOP so quick to leap to their feet as Gingrich castigated King for even asking the question ? No doubt they will say it was his denunciation of the media for asking such a tawdry question . Others will say that Newt 's multiple affairs were common knowledge and since he was a declared changed man , we all should move on . But how can someone like Gingrich stand up in debates and forcefully talk about the sanctity of marriage when he has no history of believing what he is saying ? How can any social conservative talk about the moral fiber needed in a presidential candidate when the man many of them love has none ? It 's highly likely that when the group of influential social conservatives met in Texas last weekend to coalesce around a candidate , Gingrich 's rampant cheating was too much for them to overlook and that 's why they settled on Rick Santorum . The GOP loves to scream from the mountaintop about family values , but when a Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana continues to sit in the U.S. Senate after it was revealed he often used an escort service , then their protestations ring hollow . And there are many other Republicans who have had to come forward , some unwillingly , to own up to their transgressions . See , when Republicans are busted for cheating on their spouses , they will quickly play the forgiveness card . Yet is n't a failure to have character and integrity at home a sign of how someone will act in the workplace ? And it must gall the GOP to watch Obama often dote on his wife , and make clear that even while in the White House , his family is a top priority . Gingrich is correct in stating that many of the folks in the audience understand personal pain . But when Newt himself , and his party , has shown little concern in the past about such pain when it has affected someone in the other party , their pleas for understanding looks like shameful pandering . So to the Republican Party , your high-minded and sanctimonious positions about others not having morals and values should end . If you are willing to accept Newt Gingrich with all of his failings , then you had better open your arms for a whole lot of other sinners who have also sought God 's redemption . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Gingrich 's defiance to question about his ex-wife 's remarks met with cheers Response ended GOP 's standing as party of family values , Roland Martin says Martin : Right 's lukewarmness to Romney , loathing of Obama has come to this If mercy is the standard , Gingrich should apologize to the Clintons , Martin says
Dressed in yellow , he stands a foot off the deck of a Colorado Springs home , and a few feet from the woods . Everywhere in front of him , there 's fire . Thankfully , the flames that climb about five feet up backyard trees do n't catch on -- partly because a homeowner wisely trimmed lower branches , in the event of a raging wildfire just like this . And thankfully , the man standing his ground is a firefighter -- and he is n't alone , one of hundreds doing what they can to combat and control the Black Forest Fire that had already singed more than 15,000 acres as of Friday . After a few strategic sprays of water and fire retardant , and a periodic white-out , the scene documented above in a Colorado Springs Fire Department video ends by charring the yard almost right up to the hot tub on the deck , but skirting past the home . Yet for all the happy endings like this one , there are plenty of sad ones : As early Saturday , 473 homes had been destroyed , with at least 15 others suffering partial damage . The destruction is n't always dictated by rhyme or reason : Giselle Hernandez told CNN that her home has been spared so far , but her neighbors to the south lost theirs . "  It just goes to show you how unpredictable these things can be , " she said . Progress in fighting blaze This is the second time in a year that the Colorado Springs area has faced a mammoth wildfire . Last summer 's Waldo Canyon Fire burned down about 350 homes and 18,000 acres . Some 32,000 evacuated their homes and two people died . They can start , and spread , quickly -- with no regard to what 's in their path . That 's what happened with the Black Forest Fire after it first flared Tuesday afternoon , for still undetermined reasons . Hernandez remembered how she , her boyfriend and his family spotted smoke and began mulling the possibility of leaving . But that possibility soon turned into a necessity , as the flames rapidly approached . "  It went from , ` Well , we should probably pack and get going , ' to , ` We need to leave right now ' as the smoke started billowing right through the trees on our property . " Watch : Woman records wildfire evacuation The wildfire has been blamed for two deaths . In terms of total property lost and damaged , El Paso County spokesman Dave Rose told CNN earlier this week that it appeared to be the most destructive in state history . Some 800 personnel are attacking the blaze , and doing it in sweltering heat : Temperatures climbed to around 90 degrees Friday . In addition to those on the ground , multiple Chinook and Blackhawk helicopters and tankers traversed the air as part of the effort . Authorities spent much of the day Friday surveying most of the 7,000 homes they 'd wanted to check to determine which ones made it , which ones did not . Crews had gained "  some tremendous ground " by morning in identifying hotspots and saving structures , county Sheriff Terry Maketa said . Even so , the blaze was then only 5 % contained . Friday , though , proved to be a good day . Skies were at times overcast , temperatures fell somewhat , and there was a strong burst of rain . "  We got our tails kicked for a couple days , yesterday we saw it as a draw , and ... today we delivered some blows , " Maketa said . Those elements and tactical moves left Rich Harvey , the head of the federal incident management team tackling the blaze , optimistic that crews had turned the corner : They 'd gone from being on the defensive to the offensive , Harvey said early Friday evening , estimating 30 % containment at that point . Gov. John Hickenlooper was certainly upbeat , after heavy rains doused him Friday as he was walking through a "  burn area . " "  I 'm soaking wet and it 's a little chilly , " he said . "  I do n't think I 've ever been so happy to say that . " Yet he , Harvey and citizens affected by the fire -- like Dale Mielke , who singed his mustache and eyebrows while saving his home but not those of his neighbors -- also stressed that the spurt of heavy rain does n't mean the fight is over . "  It 's not even enough rain to stop it , " said Mielke , a retired firefighter . "  But it can help slow it down a little bit . " Resident says : ` Things are out of our hands ' Carolyn Selvig has been living in this area north of Colorado Springs for 21 years drawn in part by the beauty and peace of the woods . "  The forest is our friend , " she says . Selvig knows the other side of the equation as well when it comes to living near a forest -- the very real possibility and very real power of wildfires . Are you there ? Send an iReport She and her husband Erik are among roughly 38,000 people -- from about 13,000 homes over a 93,000-acre area -- who have been impacted by the Black Forest Fire . As of midday Friday , their home was still standing , though they ca n't breathe easy quite yet : Erik Selvig noted "  the intense heat is less than a quarter-mile away . " His wife , Carolyn , admits she 's probably "  more worried than I allow myself to think . " Still , she realizes there 's little she can do at this point beyond trusting in those fighting to save their home and hoping that Mother Nature is on her side . "  Things are out of our hands , " she told CNN . "  It is what it is . " The Selvigs are checking , whenever they can , the official list of homes that have been destroyed and those that have not . The Black Forest Fire is n't the only fire affecting Colorado . Southwest of Colorado Springs , the Royal Gorge fire is now 40 % contained after four days in which it scorched more than 3,200 acres -- including a beloved carousel and at least 20 buildings , according to Hickenlooper . "  It 's burned to a cinder , " he said of the area . And the governor has declared a disaster emergency in Rocky Mountain National Park , northwest of Denver , due to the Big Meadows Fire that 's burned hundreds of acres there . Yes , Coloradans know wildfires are a fact of life ; yes , they know that their homes could someday burn . But that does n't mean dealing with it , in the moment , is easy . Says Chris Schroeder , who is also in the Black Forest Fire evacuation zone , "  It 's been a pretty good emotional roller coaster , trying to understand what is happening . " Despite the noted progress on that fire , that ride is n't over . Many have been allowed back in their homes , while others are still being kept . And hundreds of firefighters are still out doing what they can to protect people 's property , knowing that a lightning strike or shift of wind can suddenly change everything . "  It is not a done deal : 30 % is not 100 % , " Harvey said late Friday afternoon . "  The middle has still got potential . " Gallery : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno	473 structures have been destroyed by the Black Forest Fire in central Colorado An official estimates 30 % containment of the over 15,000-acre fire , up from 5 % A heavy burst of rain helps those fighting the blaze near Colorado Springs At least 20 structures are burned in the Royal Gorge Fire southwest of Colorado Springs
CNN  Valentine 's Day is big currency in China , a nation obsessed with love , romance and dating . In fact , the Chinese are so committed to the day they celebrate it twice . There 's qixi , China 's equivalent to Valentine 's Day , which takes place in August , as well as the global version coming up on Saturday . Both are embraced with gusto by couples across the country . In the spirit of the season , we 've put together a tongue-in-cheek guide to getting a date in China that also aims to shed a little light on the pursuit of love in the Middle Kingdom . 1  Head to a park . They 're a real-life Tinder Every weekend in China a strange , albeit charming , ritual takes place -- the parents of China 's singles frequent their local park in order to match make on behalf of their children . They bedeck the park 's trees with their offspring 's college photos and sheets of paper listing their key dating characteristics . Why not visit your local stretch of green this Saturday then ? It 's the perfect way to kill two birds with one stone -- meet your future love and your future in-laws . 2  If you 're from Beijing , work it Remember that 1990s film "  Green Card " starring Andie MacDowell and Gerard Depardieu ? It did raise one key dating point -- passports and permits matter . Nowhere else is this more so than in China , where one of the top assets people look for in a lover  after the oft-cited house and car  is whether they have a permit to the city they wish to live in . The hukou , as it is known , is tied to a host of social benefits . With it , your life is easy . Without it , not so much . If you happen to have a hukou that allows you to live in one of China 's premier cities , be sure to let lots of singles around you know . 3  Parents are a useful resource . They might even join on a date The family remains the cornerstone of Chinese life -- and love . Therefore , it stands to reason that parents/siblings/aunts / uncles/pets are very involved in everyone 's dating destiny . When not found in a park trying to "  pimp " people out , they will be gossiping with neighbors , friends and co-workers about said person 's single status and how to change it . You can fight this centuries-old tradition or you can embrace it . The major catch ? They might join you on a date . It 's not uncommon for relatives to chaperone their children on romantic soirees in China . 4  If you 're a single female , head to the countryside ! You 've probably heard that China has more men than women  118 boys to 100 girls , to be precise  . Then there 's the common clich that Chinese women "  marry up " and Chinese men "  marry down . " The result is that supposedly "  second-rate " men are being left out of the dating world altogether . These guang gun  bare branches  , as they have kindly been named , typically reside in the countryside . Alpha males , by contrast , make their way to the city . The silver lining  if you 're female , that is  ? There are now entire villages full of Romeos waiting for their Juliets . 5  If you 're a single man , head to the cities ! Following on from the above point , China 's alpha females reputedly struggle in love . If they 're single and over 27 , they 're derided as sheng nu -- leftover . If they have a PhD , they 're not even regarded as a true woman . Instead , they go by the putdown "  third gender . " If you see through these labels and the propaganda surrounding them , you 'll appreciate that China 's cities are full of some of the most savvy , intelligent and interesting women on the planet . 6  Go online ! By the end of 2014 , 649 million Chinese were registered as online . Plenty see the Internet as love-line number one . China now has the largest number of online daters . The nation 's singles can peruse a buffet of sites , from those that promise to find you the one , to others that are more wired towards one-nighters  although the trend is much more towards the former than the latter  . 7  Rent a boyfriend/girlfriend ! Yep , you can do that online too The pressure to wed has become so extreme in China that an entire industry has sprung up around faux dating . Take a tour of Taobao , China 's most popular online marketplace , and vying for your attention against countless cyber flower stalls and jewelry brands that emerge for Valentine 's Day are the stores that offer something more unusual -- fake partners . For a price , your fake boyfriend/girlfriend will accompany you back to your parents , to the cinema , to dinner , anywhere you want really . They 'll play the part in every way except going all the way . 8  If you still feel unsure , call up a love guru Do not despair -- there are now love gurus in China , who , taking their cue from American TV show "  The Game , " will offer men advice on how to successfully chat up women . Walk slightly in front and to the side of the person you wish to court -- that 's just one tip taught in these classes . Other jewels include dressing better and spending less on the object of your affection  yes , you read that correctly  .	Chinese are so committed to Valentine 's Day , they celebrate it twice . Parks and parents play a big role in the Chinese dating scene . Single men should head to the cities , women to the countryside .
CNN  -- Trailing what would become a fatal flight by some 27 minutes , the same kind of aircraft operated by the same airline traveled the same route last week and landed safely , the NTSB said Monday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . The pilot of the second Continental Connection flight from Newark , New Jersey , to Buffalo , New York , reported "  moderate icing " during the trip and "  made it to destination in Buffalo , " said Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board . The second plane was a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 , like the plane that crashed Thursday night near the Buffalo airport , killing 49 people on board and one person on the ground . Also like the fatal flight , the aircraft was operated on the Continental Connection route by Colgan Air , Chealander said . Possible icing -- and how the aircraft and the flight crew performed if icing was an issue -- has become a focus in the aftermath of the crash of Flight 3407 . The pilot and first officer of the flight discussed "  significant " ice buildup on the aircraft 's windshield and wings before the crash , the NTSB said after listening to the cockpit voice recorder . Chealander said Monday that he had been asked about possible icing on the aircraft 's tail . "  If there 's icing on the wings , there 's icing on the tail , " he said . "  The significance of that is yet to be determined . " The flight data recorder indicated the plane 's deicing system was activated 11 minutes after takeoff from Newark and remained on until the crash , according to the NTSB . Chealander said investigators have recovered most of the pieces of that system and will examine those materials to determine whether the system was operating properly . Chealander also said questionnaires were being sent to every pilot who flew in the Buffalo vicinity the night of the crash to find out what icing conditions they might have encountered . He said the only report to air traffic controllers of "  severe " icing that night came from a pilot "  well south of the Buffalo area . " On Sunday , Chealander gave details of the final violent seconds of the flight , saying the flight data recorder indicated that in the final seconds , the plane 's nose pitched drastically up , then down , and the plane then rolled left 46 degrees and then right 105 degrees , or past the 90-degree vertical point . Before impact in a residential neighborhood , the plane fell 800 feet in five seconds , Chealander said . On Monday , he said about half the aircraft wreckage had been removed from the crash site and taken for detailed examination . Giving an indication of the explosive nature of the impact and subsequent fire , Chealander said wreckage is being taken away "  in bins and on trailers . " He said investigators hope to have all wreckage removed from the crash site by Wednesday , when a snowstorm is forecast for the area . Authorities have not discussed the status of the removal of victims ' remains since Saturday night , when they said 15 bodies had been recovered .	NTSB says pilot who traveled same route in identical plane reported "  moderate icing " That plane landed safely in Buffalo 27 minutes after fatal crash NTSB sending questionnaires to pilots who flew in area to gather data Investigators recover , test pieces from deicing system
CNN  -- I own a property in Fort Pierre , South Dakota , called the Bad River Ranch . It is a beautiful place , where we have worked very hard to restore the landscape , reintroduce native wildlife species and raise bison sustainably . But it sits about 15 miles downstream of the point where TransCanada 's proposed Keystone XL pipeline would cross the Bad River , and being that close has led me to examine more closely the potential risks and benefits of a project about which I have been highly skeptical from the beginning . After careful scrutiny , I believe it is not in our national interest to pursue it . The purpose of Keystone XL is to bring tar sands crude oil through the United States to Gulf Coast refineries . The route through the United States is actually the oil industry 's second choice : Transporting the oil west from Alberta to the Pacific Coast would be shorter and much cheaper , but Canadians concerned about environmental impacts and threats to native people 's lands are challenging that route , and with good reason . The existing and potential environmental impacts along the 2,000-mile pipeline route are profound . In Canada , extraction of tar sands crude requires clear-cutting thousands of acres of boreal forests , diverting rivers , strip-mining , and destroying critical habitat for some of the largest populations of woodland caribou left in the world . Thirty percent of North America 's songbirds and 40 % of its waterfowl rely on the wetlands and waterways of the boreal forest . Tar sands oil production has already created more than 50 square miles of toxic waste ponds so massive they are visible from space . Even more important , tar sands oil extraction produces three times more greenhouse gas emissions than conventional oil and gas , putting even greater strain on our atmosphere and oceans , which have little absorptive capacity left . Closer to home , the pipeline presents an immediate threat to drinking water for millions and to the livelihood of farmers and ranchers . To transport via pipeline , the thick tar sands crude must be mixed with toxic chemicals and then pumped at extreme temperature and pressure . This sets the stage for more pipeline failures and spills that create a highly toxic mess . The existing Keystone 1 tar sands pipeline has spilled more than 12 times in its first 12 months of operation . In July 2010 , a spill of more than 800,000 gallons of toxic tar sands crude from the Enbridge pipeline contaminated more than 30 miles of water and shoreline along the Kalamazoo River in Michigan . This created public health problems , threats to groundwater , widespread fish kills , and destruction of wildlife habitat , contamination that is still being cleaned up at a cost exceeding $ 700 million . Downstream landowners like me are thinking this is a preview of coming attractions if Keystone XL is built . The potential for pollution of vital groundwater from the Keystone XL pipeline is even more frightening . Depending on the final route of the pipeline , spills would threaten the Ogallala Aquifer , the largest aquifer in the western North American region , upon which millions of people and agricultural businesses depend for drinking water , irrigation and livestock watering . But spills anywhere along the route would threaten crucial drinking water supplies , from local and municipal drinking water wells to the Carrizo-Wilcox Aquifer in Texas , a critical water supply for drought-stricken East Texas and Houston . Anyone with even a passing familiarity with the water scarcity problems in that region should understand how a sizable pipeline failure could have catastrophic consequences . Meanwhile , the pro-pipeline lobby is pushing the public to accept Keystone XL with fuzzy promises about jobs and security . But TransCanada 's jobs claims have been widely discredited , and there is no guarantee the oil transported by the pipeline would remain in the United States for sale . An attempt in Congress to require the oil to be consumed in the United States was rejected just last week , and it has been widely detailed that Gulf Coast refineries plan to export the finished product to Europe and Latin America . How do we become more energy secure under that scenario ? Now Congress , by means of an amendment to the highway bill , is pushing to wrest decision-making control over the project from the administration , bypass final environmental review , and force approval of the pipeline before the final route has even been determined . Congress should not be in the business of skirting the rules and ramming through a polluting project like the Keystone XL pipeline . Instead of supporting the transport of dirty tar sands oil , its focus should be on harnessing truly clean , renewable energy sources like solar , wind and biofuels , which will create thousands of long-lasting jobs in the United States , protect our natural resources and provide true energy and water security today and for many years to come . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ted Turner .	Keystone XL pipeline would bring tar sands crude oil across U.S. to Gulf refineries Ted Turner : Tar sands oil means clear-cutting thousands of acres , diverting rivers , strip-mining Pipeline puts drinking water at risk , poses profound danger of toxic spills and more , he says Turner : Congress trying to skirt rules and force approval of polluting Keystone project
Authorities were investigating Tuesday whether a concrete-encased body buried in a Georgia backyard is a former Florida journalist who went missing in August . Twin 31-year-old brothers have been arrested on an accusation of concealing the death of another person , said police in Winder , Georgia , where the body was found . William and Christopher Cormier are being detained as the investigation continues , and the twins are known locally for their traveling and playing poker , said Winder Police Chief Dennis Dorsey . An autopsy was being conducted Tuesday to determine if the remains belong to former crime reporter Sean Dugas , 30 , of the Pensacola News Journal , who has been missing since August 27 , said Pensacola Police Capt. David Alexander . Pensacola detectives were working Tuesday in Winder , Georgia , located about 50 miles northeast of Atlanta . Winder police went to the home of the brothers ' father on Monday , acting on information from Pensacola police , Winder Police Chief Dorsey said . The father said his sons arrived from Florida three weeks ago , and the brothers told their father they had been caring for the missing man 's dog but ended up killing the dog , Winder police said . The dog was buried in the backyard of a home that the father is renting , Dorsey said . In the yard , police unearthed a body in a plastic storage container that had been encased with concrete , Dorsey said . The body was buried two feet below the surface , Dorsey said . Authorities believe the body was buried about three weeks ago , and the concrete may have been purchased at a Home Depot , Dorsey said . When the two brothers arrived at their father 's home during the police investigation , they were detained , Dorsey said . The father has n't been charged and is cooperating with investigators , Dorsey said . Managing Editor Ginny Graybiel of the Pensacola News Journal said that Dugas worked at the newspaper from 2005 to 2010 . "  He started as a clerk and became a police reporter -- along the way he did a good bit of entertainment coverage , " Graybiel said . "  Sean was a very gentle , good-hearted soul . To be the victim of a crime like this is , of course , something we never could have imagined . " Dugas ' girlfriend noticed he was missing August 27 when she went to pick him up at home for lunch that day and found he was n't home , Pensacola 's Capt. Alexander said in a statement . When she returned to the home on September 7 , she found it empty except for a television , Alexander said . A man who also lived at the house was gone , police said . The girlfriend reported to police on September 13 that Dugas was missing , Alexander said . More from CNN Justice : Mother awaits sentence for gluing toddler to wall , beating her Sandusky gets 30 to 60 years for abuse Man indicted in Central Park rape case Police find backpack belonging to missing girl	Former Florida reporter , Sean Dugas , 30 , goes missing August 27 A buried body encased in concrete is found Monday in a Georgia backyard Twin brothers , 31 , are being held on an accusation of concealing a death , police say Police : Brothers earlier told their father they used his backyard to bury the missing man 's dog
PEOPLE.com  -- Michelle Duggar , star of TLC 's "  18 Kids and Counting , " was rushed to an Arkansas hospital over the weekend -- but her pregnancy with Baby No. 19 , not due until spring , was n't the reason for her dash to the doctor . "  This weekend , Michelle Duggar was admitted to an Arkansas hospital due to gallbladder issues , " said a network rep. "  The pain from a gallstone was generating some contractions . Just to be safe , she was airlifted a Little Rock , Arkansas , hospital , so that in the unlikely event that she had to be delivered early , she would be close to a NICU center , " the representative said . "  Though there were some fears that the baby was in trouble initially , it soon was discovered to be solely the gallstone causing the discomfort . Michelle is resting comfortably , and the baby is doing fine . " For now , Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar 's brood of 18 kids will have to get by without Mom at home . "  Doctors want to observe Michelle in the hospital for the next couple of days , " said the rep , "  but it would appear that the pain medication they have given her for the gallstone has worked , and there is no need for immediate surgery . The hope is that any necessary surgery can be delayed until after she delivers . " The physician attending Duggar , Dr. Curtis Lowery of the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences , told PEOPLE , "  We have every reason at present to expect that mother and baby will proceed with a healthy pregnancy . Mrs. Duggar is in good spirits and feeling much better . "  2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Star of TLC 's "  18 Kids and Counting " rushed to the hospital Was airlifted to Arkansas in fear of pregnancy problems A gallstone turned out to be the cause of pain Duggar resting well and pregnancy is in good shape
CNN  -- Ryan "  Mac " McDonald 's friends and family describe him as a teddy bear : charismatic , gentle and unassuming . The description is fitting -- the former Texas all-state offensive lineman weighed as much as a small bear in 2000 when his friends bought him a gym membership for his 25th birthday . Not wanting to appear ungrateful , Mac went to the gym and a personal trainer promptly put him on a treadmill . Mac , now 38 , got to work , putting one foot in front of the other . But it was n't long before he looked down and saw smoke emerging from underneath the treadmill 's track . The trainer rushed in , quickly explaining that the treadmill was old , on its last leg and he would set Mac up on a better one . Mac obediently followed the trainer to another treadmill . The track moved and Mac walked . Before another 10 minutes passed smoke again rose from underneath the belt . "  After that I knew enough to stay off the treadmills , " he says . "  That was another one of my excuses . " Mac would balloon to more than 500 pounds and be attacked by a life-threatening , flesh-eating bacteria before re-entering a gym with any serious intention to improve his health . But when he did , the stay-at-home dad would lose 300 pounds in less than three years . ` He never stopped putting in the calories ' At 6 feet tall , Mac was always a big guy , says his best friend , Tim Scrivner , owner of Fieldhouse Fitness Center and Jailbreak , a Texas-based adventure race-event company . The men met when they were sophomores in high school at Liberty Christian School . "  I played tailback and he was an offensive tackle , which made me automatically like him , " says Scrivner . Mac weighed between 260 and 275 pounds when he played football and made all-state his junior and senior year . He played one year in junior college and then quit . "  Football  was n't life for him , " says Scrivner . "  His personality was being a big , nice guy that everybody loves . " Mac moved to the family farm near Wichita Falls , Texas , where people began noticing his rapid weight gain . His younger brother Clint remembers visiting and seeing a mini-fridge in the living room next to Mac 's chair . "  I think he never stopped putting in the calories , even though he was no longer expending them , " he says . Mac was up to 350 pounds and taking classes at Midwestern State University in 1996 when he met his future wife , Jessica McDonald . "  He was the cool guy that had the cool apartment that everybody hung out at , " she says . A year later , Mac asked Jessica on a date . She accepted with reservations . "  I remember telling a friend , ' I do n't want anything serious because I 've got goals to accomplish , and he is not very healthy , ' " she says . But Mac won her over with his chivalry and charm . Jessica remembers that they were only supposed to go miniature golfing on their first date but ended up going to dinner and a movie , too . "  I remember thinking , ` Oh , mercy . I 'm in deep , ' " she says . Mac 's relationship with Jessica did not change his eating habits . Fast food continued to contribute to his weight gain . He 'd devour bacon double cheeseburgers from Whataburger , gobble chicken McNuggets from McDonald 's and wolf down bean burritos from Taco Bell . When these off-the-chart sodium servings made him thirsty , he 'd wash them down with "  the nectar of the Gods , " Dr Pepper . Nothing could keep him from frequenting these eateries , even hitting the big 5-0-0 on the scale . "  That 's the thing about drive-through windows , " he says . "  You can hide when you order five things , and they ask you if you 'd like two drinks with it . " Jessica remembers going on vacation to the Biltmore Estate near Asheville , North Carolina , where she toured the mansion 's sprawling gardens by herself because Mac was too embarrassed to walk around . "  I wanted to be so protective of him because people would just stare , " she says . "  He saw the world from the seat in the car . " In November 2009 , Mac saw the world from a hospital bed when necrotizing fasciitis , a flesh-eating skin bacteria , assaulted the left side of his body . The infection was dangerously close to his heart , forcing doctors to remove softball-size chunks of infected tissue . Mac tried to laugh off what was happening but the situation scared him . He did n't want to die . The low-hanging fruit method A year later , Mac hit 530 pounds and realized he had to try to lose weight . "  There is not an ` aha ' moment , " he says . "  It was more like , ` OK , if I 'm going to try to do this , I 'm going to have to do it a little bit at a time . But I better do something before I lose my family to my untimely demise . ' " Mac started "  dabbling " at Scrivner 's gym . Next he gave up fast food and all-you-can-eat buffets . Then stopped ordering soft drinks . Finally , he started buying healthy food from the grocery store . Mac describes his strategy as the "  low-hanging fruit " method . It allowed him to lose weight without having gastric bypass surgery , hiring a nutritionist or discovering a dieting secret folks in Hollywood would give their big toe to know about . "  It was simple , but it was n't easy , " says Mac . "  I knew that I had to make a change because I was sick and tired of not being able to do anything I wanted to do . " Rachel Berman , a registered dietician and director of nutrition for Caloriecount.com , says setting small , attainable goals like the ones Mac made is a better approach to weight loss than using an "  all-or-nothing mentality " because people appreciate the progress that comes from each change . "  If you do too much at once , it can be overwhelming and that makes you less likely to maintain it , " she says . Scrivner says he avoided Mac when he first started showing up at the gym , asking members to not say anything to his friend . "  We 've hounded him so much over the years , " he says . "  We were all just kind of holding our breath and hoping he would stick with it . " After Mac lost about 50 pounds , Scrivner approached him about entering an upcoming Jailbreak race . Together they made a video inviting people to sign up to run the approximately 3-mile obstacle course , promising Mac was going to keep exercising and enter the event , too . True to his word , Mac competed in the Jailbreak race at 350 pounds . "  I just knew I wanted to complete it , " says Mac . "  I remember crossing the finish line and being ecstatic . " He has since entered and completed 5K and 10K runs , a half-marathon , a duathlon and a sprint triathlon . He will enter the Hotter 'N Hell Hundred-mile bicycle race this August . At 230 pounds , Mac is now light enough to ride a motorcycle , an activity his weight kept him from for years . In November he will fulfill a lifelong dream by racing a motorcycle in the Baja 1000 in Baja California , Mexico . "  I had people in my life that I could go to and ask questions and I could use their knowledge , " he says . "  I did not do this alone . " Mac still does weekly weigh-ins and says the battle to maintain his weight will last the rest of his life . He spends his free time with Jessica and their two children , Matthew , 3 and Libby , 5 . The McDonalds will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary in December . "  I think we 're stronger now than we 've ever been , " says Jessica , who is writing a Ph.D. dissertation about obesity 's impact on the learning process . "  He 's my biggest cheerleader . " Mac also takes time to share his story with others struggling with obesity . He has a blog and occasionally speaks to kids at the YMCA of Metropolitan Fort Worth , encouraging them to begin healthy nutritional habits early . He recently took two 500-pound men grocery shopping , invited them to his house to show them the types of foods he now eats and gave them some of his old regular and workout clothes . Scrivner says he believes Mac 's story is better than a personal trainer for those trying to lose weight , because he has walked in their shoes . "  He 's about the most inspirational person I know . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Ryan McDonald once tipped the scales at 530 pounds Giving up fast food and soda helped him lose 300 pounds He 's competed 5K and 10K runs , a half-marathon , a duathlon and a sprint triathlon
CNN  Growing up in Germany , everything Felix von der Osten learned about Native Americans came from the books of 19th-century German writer Karl May . May 's most beloved characters , a noble Apache leader named Winnetou and his cowboy blood brother Old Shatterhand , are said to be more popular today in Germany than the works of Thomas Mann , the 20th-century Nobel Prize-winning author of "  Death in Venice . " It was n't until von der Osten drove through South Dakota last year , bearing witness to modest homes and trailers on tribal land in the majestic Black Hills , that he realized how one-dimensional his perceptions were . Intrigued , the 25-year-old photographer began researching Native American history . What he learned about its brutal conquest and fraught modern existence inspired him to return to Indian Country to capture the good , the bad and the ugly . "  I wanted to show a slice of life  through  the beauty and richness of the culture , " he said . "  I did n't want to do reportage . I wanted to do slow and thoughtful photographs , like historical documents . " By chance he landed in Montana 's Fort Belknap Indian Reservation , home to 7,000 members of the Gros Ventre  Aaniiih  and the Assiniboine  Nakoda  tribes on 675,147 acres of land near the Canadian border . His American girlfriend had distant relatives living there who supported his idea and invited him to stay in their home . His first stop upon arriving in October was to present his idea to the Fort Belknap tribal leadership . With their approval , he spent his first week walking around without his camera , introducing himself to tribal members and building relationships . "  The most important thing was I sat down , listened and learned , " he said . "  I opened my ears and let them talk so they could teach me . " Over time , they opened their homes to him and his camera . His choice of a Pentax 67 medium-format roll film camera forced him to carefully consider each shot , to "  create images " in his head before taking them . It left him with a focused body of work . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . He captured sacred tribal rituals and ceremonies along with the more mundane , familiar aspects of life : the tribal basketball team , a horse grazing in a field , a girl sitting on a bunk bed with a stuffed pony , the inside of a casino . Through conversations with tribal members , he also learned of the harsh realities of life on the reservation , from the difficulties youths face in pursuing educational opportunities to the drug and alcohol addiction killing some members . He put the camera away for some of his most memorable experiences -- a sit in the sweat lodge , dinner with his host family -- the ones that formed lasting relationships and earned him the nickname "  the man who crossed the ocean . " By revealing just a slice , he hopes to arouse curiosity in viewers and inspire them to learn more "  to connect the dots . " It 's something he plans to continue doing by returning this summer to learn and experience more . "  The story 's not finished , " he said . "  It 's a big sensitive topic and you have to be very careful , and I want to be careful . " Felix von der Osten is a German photographer . You can follow him on Facebook , Instagram , Twitter and Tumblr .	German photographer Felix von der Osten spent time at an Indian reservation in Montana He set out to show the "  beauty and richness of the culture " and arouse curiosity in viewers
New York  CNN  -- The crowd of festival goers at a holiday market in New York City 's Columbus Circle Friday seemed to support the message city tourism officials have been spreading far and wide : The Big Apple is open for business and welcoming its usual influx of holiday visitors . Superstorm Sandy 's wrath a month ago will cost New York state $ 41 billion , according to New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , but tourists have largely been unfazed by the storm , which caused very little damage to Midtown Manhattan , the hub of the city 's magical holiday attractions . That 's no doubt a relief to those who wondered if tourists would be skeptical about visiting the Big Apple after the storm brought the city to a standstill at the end of October . "  Absolutely not , " said Michigan visitor Kelly Coll , 48 , who has traveled to New York this season for the last 14 years with friend Tiffany Moen , 46 . "  The storm did not affect our plans at all , " Coll told CNN on Friday afternoon . In fact , New York City is on track for a record number of tourists this year , according to George Fertitta , CEO of NYC & Co. , the city 's marketing and tourism association . The tourism association estimates there will be around 52 million tourists this year , up from last year 's 50.9 million . "  Ninety-five percent of all of our hotels , attractions , restaurants and transportation are completely back to normal , " Fertitta said . "  For all intents and purposes , visitors should not feel deterred from coming to New York . NYC is open for business . " Some tourists say media coverage of recovery efforts in the city encouraged them to make and keep plans to visit . "  I was not skeptical at all because of everything I had seen on television , " said Roger Archut , 30 , a first-time visitor from Germany . Storm damage in New York City was portrayed as "  under control . " John Murphy , 54 , visiting from Ireland with his wife , shared a similar story . Coverage of the storm indicated to him that the area most crucial for holiday attractions , Midtown , home to Fifth Avenue and the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree , was "  well maintained . " New York City hotels are running and fully prepared for the holiday rush of tourists , officials say . "  Hotel occupancy is strong and there have been no cancellations due to apprehension from Hurricane Sandy , " said Lisa Linden , spokesperson for the Hotel Association of New York City , representing just under 300 hotels in the area . Yet just because tourism is expected to reach an all-time high this year does n't mean some businesses are n't hurting in the aftermath of the storm . At the southern tip of Manhattan in the hard-hit Financial District , Harry 's Caf  & Steak , a popular eatery with visitors during the holiday season , still struggles . "  There has definitely been a decrease in business , " owner Peter Poulakakos told CNN on Friday . Many restaurants rely heavily on the holiday season for a huge portion of their yearly income . "  Get the word out that we are here and ready to serve ! " Poulakakos said . Despite declines , many remain hopeful that business will pick up in the coming weeks . "  The one to two weeks before Sandy were very hard because many tourists did n't want to be here during the storm , " said Diancoumba Mamadou , who works for Pedicab NYC , a business almost completely reliant on tourism . "  But thankfully , now it is beginning to get back to normal and hopefully will continue on that path . " If the record-breaking estimates from NYC & Co are any indication , that path will certainly continue .	NYC tourism officials say the city is on track for a record number of visitors Following Superstorm Sandy , most hotels and attractions are open for business While Midtown Manhattan was largely undamaged , other areas are suffering slowdowns
New York  CNN  -- A religious mural depicting two military servicemen was unveiled Sunday after 60 years hidden away . The painting was unveiled at the historic St. Peter 's Chelsea church in Manhattan just in time for Veterans Day . In 1946 , St. Peter 's installed the painting by Ted Witonski , titled "  Our Lord Blessing a Soldier and a Sailor . " It features two men in uniform kneeling before Jesus . The congregation decided in 1954 to cover the painting because of its militaristic themes , according to a news release from the parish . Witonski ahd enlisted the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor and quickly rose to the rank of colonel during World War II , his son , Peter Witonski , told CNN . Back from the war , Witonski found a home at St. Peter 's . "  He simply wanted to show that Americans won the war . And here they are , having won the war not going out and getting drunk but kneeling down and praying , " Peter Witonski said . The decision to cover the painting came sometime after Witonski moved away , his son told CNN . Witonski had no idea that the painting was hidden under a curtain , his son added . "  I think he would have been hurt , " Peter Witonski said . "  It was a labor of love . He did not charge money for it , " Ted Witonski died in the 1970s at the age of 65 , according to his son . Witonski produced a large body of art , and his work is exhibited by a number of prestigious institutions , according to his son . Witonski is not the only one that did not know about his mural being hidden ; most of the current congregation was surprised by the announcement of the unveiling , said parishioner Jennifer Maguire . Once the congregation found out the painting exists , people started peaking under the curtain to glimpse it , said Maguire . Maguire , who has been attending St. Peter 's for 16 years , only learned about the painting when she volunteered to help take a survey of the church 's artwork . After some research , Maguire learned the painter was a respected artist . The interim pastor , Stephen Harding , told CNN that when he found out about the hidden work , he immediately thought to unveil it . Harding said he hopes that being able to see the work will give people an opportunity to think about the history of the parish and the nation . Peter Witonski told CNN he is looking forward to seeing the painting again after so much time . "  I feel that my father will be watching , somehow , " he said .	Ted Witonski painted a mural for St. Peter 's Chelsea in 1946 It shows two servicemen kneeling before Jesus Christ The church covered it in 1954 , deemed it too militaristic It will be unveiled Sunday , the day before Veterans Day
CNN  -- When Chelsie Shellhas saw a tall young man slip into a storage locker and shut the door behind him one evening this week , it just looked wrong . She dialed 911 . Her instincts were right : Behind the door were bomb-making materials , police in Waseca , Minnesota , said Thursday . Her call thwarted a cunningly planned gun and bomb attack at a school , they say . John David LaDue , 17 , was looking to carry it out in the coming weeks , police said in an official statement . After Shellhas ' call on Tuesday , officers arrived at the storage park to find LaDue among an assortment of gunpowder , pyrotechnic chemicals , ball bearings and a pressure cooker , police said . CNN does not usually publish the names of minors charged with crimes but is naming LaDue in this case , because his name has been widely reported in his community . Police locked up the storage bay and took LaDue in for a voluntary interview . He shared a macabre plan , police said . His tale and recovered evidence resulted in charges of four counts of attempted murder , six counts of explosives possessions and related property damage charges . He is being charged as a juvenile , said prosecutor Brenda Miller . Alleged plan : Kill the family first First , LaDue was planning to kill his father , mother and sister , police said . He was particularly close to his sister , their music tutor said . Ryan Lano gave LaDue guitar lessons for four years . "  He would almost always come in with his sister , who played the drums , " he said . After their slayings , the teen , who idealized the Columbine school shooters , allegedly wanted to set a fire . The arson , however , would only be a diversion to tie up emergency responders while he carried out the main plot at the school , police said . He 'd planned to set off "  numerous bombs " during the lunch hour at Waseca Junior/Senior High School , then kill the school resource officer , police said . Then he 'd unleash gunfire on students until police officers arrived , allegedly planning to let them kill him . Armed to the teeth The teen 's cache in the storage locker contained just pieces of the puzzle . Police got a search warrant and at 10:30 p.m. arrived at LaDue 's home , where he lived with his family . Behind that door lay finished bombs , "  numerous guns " and ammunition , police say . And they found LaDue 's neatly laid plan journaled onto paper . A bomb squad removed all recovered explosives and destroyed them by controlled detonation at a local airport . Seemed up to no good Shellhas and others in her building first saw a young man in their backyard , Shellhas ' cousin Katy Harty told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . As they watched him fiddle with the storage unit for about 10 minutes , they thought perhaps he was trying to break in , Harty said . Shellhas picked up the phone , and 10 minutes later , police were taking LaDue in . His alleged plan hit frighteningly close to home . Harty 's younger brother is a senior at the targeted school . Her cousin is a freshman there . "  It 's scary ; we 're both , like , really glad that we did call and did n't just shrug it off , " she said . ` Liked ' guns , dark entertainment If his Facebook page is any indicator , LaDue is partial to the dark side , and he "  likes " assault rifles : the AK-101 , Heckler & Koch SL8 and Steyr TMP . In a photo , he can be seen picking an electric guitar with a skull on its shoulder strap ; his preferred bands -- more than 190 of them in total -- are predominantly heavy metal . His taste in movies is dominated by blood , gore , combat and fisticuffs . His favorite authors are Stephen King and a more traditional master of literary darkness , Edgar Allen Poe . LaDue also seems to like to hunt . His avatar is a picture of himself in hunter 's orange , posing with a slain deer with a rifle draped over it . It was not immediately clear Thursday whether LaDue had retained an attorney . His mother preferred not to give a statement but told CNN before hanging up the phone : "  Our family is dealing with a lot of grief . " LaDue , 17 , was in juvenile detention Friday and has made death threats to facility staff , a prosecutor said . A lucky calendar this year may have prevented him from hatching his plan already . He had wanted to carry it out on April 20 , the 15th anniversary of the mass shooting at Columbine High School in Colorado . But the date fell on Easter week this year , when school was out . Opinion : I 'm a gun owner and I want gun control CNN 's Dana Ford , Emily Smith , Carma Hassan and Sean Nottingham contributed to this report .	John LaDue planned to kill father , mother , sister , police say Police found bombs , ` numerous guns , ' pyrotechnic chemicals in his home and storage locker Authorities were tipped off by someone who saw a suspicious person at a storage facility LaDue allegedly kept a journal detailing his preparations for the attack
CNN  -- An Oklahoma City police officer is accused of sexually assaulting several women while on the job , his department said . The case started after one woman came forward and accused Officer Daniel Holtzclaw of "  sexual impropriety " during a traffic stop , Oklahoma City police Capt. Dexter Nelson told CNN . Holtzclaw , 27 , was arrested Thursday and faces nine charges , including three counts of forcible oral sodomy , two counts of indecent exposure , two counts of rape and two counts of sexual battery , according to the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office . After the first woman 's complaint , investigators started looking into all of Holtzclaw 's traffic stops for other potential victims , CNN affiliate KOKH said . Nelson said authorities found six other victims . He said some of the women "  were initially less than cooperative , but investigators were able to gain statements , " he said . Officials said all the alleged attacks took place during traffic stops , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . The city 's police chief said there may be more . "  We kind of anticipate there may be more victims out there because this goes back to February -- February was the earliest that we have here , through June , " Oklahoma City Police Chief Bill Citty told reporters . "  If there 's anyone that was victimized by this officer , we certainly want to hear from them . " It was not immediately clear whether Holtzclaw had an attorney . His bond is set at $ 5 million . CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	An Oklahoma police officer is accused of attacking women while on the job The alleged assaults took place over several months , authorities say Police chief : "  We kind of anticipate there may be more victims out there "
CNN  -- Russia approved the use of military force in Ukraine on Saturday , despite warnings of consequences from the West , and Ukraine responded by saying any invasion into its territory would be illegitimate . The acting prime minister has gone so far as to say that a Russian invasion would mean war and an end to his country 's relationship with Russia . But there are so many questions as to how Ukraine arrived at this point : Why is Russia so interested in happenings there ? Why does the West want to prevent Russian intervention ? How did we get here ? Why have thousands of protesters staked their lives , seemingly , on their desire for political change ? And why has the government resisted their calls so vehemently ? Let 's take a look : 1 . Why has Russia gotten so involved ? Eastern Ukraine and the Crimea have closer ties to Russia , while Western Ukraine is more friendly with Europe . Many Eastern Ukrainians still speak Russian , and the 2010 presidential elections divided the country with Eastern Ukraine voting heavily in favor of pro-Russia Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych . On Saturday , the Kremlin issued a statement that Russian President Vladimir Putin told U.S. President Barack Obama that Russia approved military action in Ukraine because it "  reserves the right to defend its interests and the Russian-speaking people who live there . " 2 . Has n't Yanukovych stepped down ? The Ukraine Parliament voted him out of power and he has fled to Russia . However , in a press conference Friday , the former President said -- in Russian rather than Ukrainian -- that he was not overthrown . He insisted he was still the boss and that he wants nothing more than to lead his country to peace , harmony and prosperity . While it 's unclear if he could return to power , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations blamed members of the European Union for the bloody demonstrations that led to Yanukovych 's ouster . 3 . What will happen in Ukraine if Russia sends troops there ? Top Ukrainian officials , including the acting President and prime minister , have said they are prepared to defend the country . They 've also said that any invasion would be illegitimate , a response echoed by the United States , which has told Russia to respect Ukraine 's sovereignty . 4 . Would there be international backlash to a Russian incursion ? The United Nations has warned Russia against military action , while Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told Putin "  dialogue must be the only tool in ending the crisis . " International leaders have also denounced the prospect of Russian involvement , while Obama has warned there would be consequences if Russia acted militarily . 5 . What sort of consequences ? Obama has n't been specific other than to say Russia could face "  greater political and economic isolation " and that the United States "  will suspend upcoming participation in preparatory meetings for the G-8 " in Sochi . Several Republican leaders in Congress have called on the President to take a tougher stand . 6 . What are Obama 's options ? Sanctions , of course , top the list of options , but the United States will need to prepare for the backlash . Former presidential adviser David Gergen says Putin would consider any sanctions "  small potatoes " compared to keeping control of Crimea , while Putin could pull his support for Obama 's initiative to reduce nuclear threats in the world , including in Iran . Christopher Hill , former U.S. ambassador to South Korea , Macedonia , Iraq and Poland , says imposing sanctions also raises the risk of alienating a superpower . "  That means 20 years of trying to work with Russia down the drain , " he said . 7 . What started the turmoil in Ukraine ? Protests initially erupted over a trade pact . For a year , Yanukovych insisted he was intent on signing a historical political and trade agreement with the European Union . But on November 21 , he decided to suspend talks with the EU . 8 . What would the pact have done ? The deal , the EU 's "  Eastern Partnership , " would have created closer political ties and generated economic growth . It would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion , supporters of the pact said . 9 . Why did Yanukovych backpedal ? He had his reasons . Chief among them was Russia 's opposition to it . Russia threatened its much smaller neighbor with trade sanctions and steep gas bills if Ukraine forged ahead . If Ukraine did n't , and instead joined a Moscow-led Customs Union , it would get deep discounts on natural gas , Russia said . 10 . Were there any other reasons ? Yes , a more personal one . Yanukovych also was facing a key EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : Free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his bitter political opponent . Two years ago , she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison , in a case widely seen as politically motivated . Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment . 11 . What happened next ? Many Ukrainians were outraged . They took to the streets , demanding that Yanukovych sign the EU deal . Their numbers swelled . The demonstrations drew parallels to Ukraine 's 2004 Orange Revolution , which booted Yanukovych , then a prime minister , from office . 12 . Who 's heading the opposition ? It 's not just one figure , but a coalition . The best known figure is Vitali Klitschko . He 's a former world champion boxer  just like his brother Wladimir  . Klitschko heads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party . But the opposition bloc goes well beyond Klitschko and the UDAR . There 's also Arseniy Yatsenyuk . 13 . How did Yanukovych react ? In a way that inflamed passions further . He flew to Moscow , where he and Russian President Vladimir Putin announced Russia would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . And then , when the demonstrations showed no signs of dying down , he adopted a sweeping anti-protest law . 14 . What did the anti-protest law say ? The law barred people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies and from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission . This sparked concerns it could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech -- and clashes soon escalated . The demonstrators took over City Hall for the better part of three months . 15 . But was n't the law repealed ? Yes , ultimately it was . Amid intense pressure , deputies loyal to Yanukovych backtracked and overturned it . But by then , the protests had become about something much bigger : constitutional reform . 16 . What change in the constitution did they want to see ? The protesters want to see a change in the government 's overall power structure . They feel that too much power rests with Yanukovych and not enough with parliament . 17 . What did the government do ? In late January , the President offered a package of concessions under which Yatsenyuk , the opposition leader , would have become the prime minister and , under the President 's offer , been able to dismiss the government . He also offered Klitschko the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues . He also agreed to a working group looking at changes to the constitution . But the opposition refused . 18 . Why did the opposition pass on the offer ? The concessions were n't enough to satisfy them . They said Yanukovych had hardly loosened his grip on the government , nor had he seemingly reined in authorities ' approach to protesters . "  We 're finishing what we started , " Yatsenyuk said . 19 . Who was to blame for the clashes ? Depends on whom you ask . The government pointed the finger at protesters . The opposition , in turn , blamed the government . 20 . What 's the takeaway here ? Street protests that started in November over a trade pact swelled into something much bigger -- resulting in the former President fleeing to Russia for safety while still claiming to be the official leader of the country . With Russian troops rumored to be preparing for hostilities in the Crimea , the future of the region and the resulting effect on U.S.-Russian relations appears shaky . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report	West threatens consequences as Russia approves military action in Ukraine Ukraine has been rattled by anti-government protests since November The trigger then was the President 's decision not to sign a trade pact with the EU Ukraine is split : Some want to align more with the West , others favor Russia
Editor 's note : Chris Anderson is the editor-in-chief of Wired Magazine and the author of "  FREE : The Future of a Radical Price " , published by Hyperion on July 7 . The book 's first printing generated controversy over failing to attribute some passages to Wikipedia , which Anderson said in his blog was a mistake and will be corrected . Chris Anderson says technology allows giants like Google to give away services . CNN  -- When Christine Varney was confirmed in May as the Obama administration 's top antitrust cop , some of her words from last year sent a chill through the Googleplex , the search engine 's headquarters in Silicon Valley . During the waning days of the Bush administration , Varney worried that the government would not do enough about Google : "  I think we 're going to continually see a problem , potentially , with Google , who I think so far has acquired a monopoly in Internet online advertising lawfully . " Now she 's in a position to do something about it . Having a legally obtained monopoly is not a crime , but abusing it to gain unfair advantages in other markets can be . The most recent landmark cases on this in technology have been the decade-long investigations and prosecutions on Microsoft 's dominance of PC software . In those cases , competitors complained that the software giant 's near-monopoly on operating systems allowed it to get the upper hand in other markets , for example , by gaining an advantage on the Web through bundling Microsoft 's Internet Explorer with every copy of Windows . Now Google has Microsoft-like dominance in search and search advertising . What should it not be allowed to do ? That question may come to define this era of antitrust law . When Varney was confirmed , she withdrew the Bush administration 's report setting relatively conservative standards of antitrust enforcement and declared , "  The Antitrust Division will be aggressively pursuing cases where monopolists try to use their dominance in the marketplace to stifle competition and harm consumers . " How might Google 's dominance be harming consumers ? Ask makers of such items as books and newspapers and advertisers and all will say they are concerned about Google 's clout and ability to act unilaterally because of its dominance . Google , meanwhile , has been on a charm offensive for the past few weeks , emphasizing how easy it is for consumers to switch to other search engines and how small it is compared to other companies that have been in a similar position in the past , such as Microsoft , AT&T and IBM . The Web is still a new territory , with the boundary lines of markets in flux . At least in the Microsoft case , we knew what an "  operating system " and "  Web browser " were . But on the Web , where software is a Web site , not something you buy in a box , and everything is just one click away from everything else , core antitrust concepts such as "  lock-in " and "  barriers to entry " will have to be redefined . One of the most interesting issues that Varney will have to face is Google 's use of free . This is not 20th Century "  free , " as in "  buy one , get one free " or "  free gift inside . " Instead , it 's really Free  let 's dignify it with a capital F  , something that 's only possible in the digital age , where costs are close to zero . Like many Web companies , Google gives away most of what it does . Its searches are free , as are its e-mail , maps , online word processor and spreadsheet , and nearly 300 other products , from directory assistance  GOOG411  to Google Earth . This use of Free is part of its "  max strategy " -- it uses Free to get its products in the hands of the greatest number of users , and then figures out some way to get money from them  mostly with ads , but sometimes with "  pro " versions of the services , in which users can pay for more storage or features , using the "  freemium " business model  . Google can give away so much because the incremental cost of serving one more Web page to one more user is almost nothing -- and falling as technology gets cheaper . This is the difference between the "  bits economy " and the "  atoms economy . " The marginal cost of production for digital things is so low that Free becomes not just a marketing gimmick but the default price in most markets , driven by economic forces as real online as gravity is in the real world . But companies still have to make money , so there are limits to how much they can provide free . Not a problem for Google . Its core advertising business is so powerful , dominant and profitable that it can subsidize almost everything else the company does , using Free to get customers in new markets . Is that fair , when so many of its competitors do n't have a similar golden goose at the core of their operations ? The analogy is something like the semiconductor battles of the 1980s , when Japanese companies were accused of "  dumping "  selling for under cost  memory chips in the U.S. market to drive out U.S. competitors . Any time you are giving away a product , you are by definition selling it for less than cost  even if the cost is just a fraction of a cent  . Note that no court or regulator has yet suggested that there 's anything remotely like this going on in the use of Free online . But when Varney starts looking at ways that Google is using its search dominance to win new markets , its use of Free is going to have to be one of the things she considers . Could Free be OK for little companies , but not really big ones ? How much market share would you have to have in one market to disallow you from using Free in another ? As she digs into this , she may find that it takes her back to Microsoft itself . As entrepreneur Alex Iskold has pointed out , Google is using the profits from its search advertising dominance to fund its competition with Microsoft in word processors and spreadsheets  Google Docs  . Microsoft , meanwhile , is doing just the opposite : using the profits from its dominance of word processors and spreadsheets  Microsoft Office  to subsidize its competition with Google in search  Microsoft Bing  . In each case , the companies are using a highly profitable paid product to make another product free , on the hopes of gaining market share by taking price off the table . The difference this time is that Google is the dominant player , and at least as far as search goes , Microsoft is a struggling upstart . Confused yet ? Then spare a thought for Varney . She not only has to figure out what markets need protection , but also how to do that  to say nothing of the poignant irony of Microsoft complaining about unfair monopolies  . Tough job . Who would have thought that there was anything not to like about Free ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Anderson .	Chris Anderson : Obama 's antitrust chief concerned about Google 's power He says she will have to decide whether it 's OK for Google to give things away He says Google 's dominance in ads gives it power to win new markets Anderson : Battle pits Google against Microsoft , itself a target of antitrust cases
CNN  -- One of the mysteries of this administration is that President Obama is a great orator , but not always a great communicator , and we saw that dichotomy in effect again last night in Charlotte . In a season of platitudes , his convention speech was admirably strong on policy specifics but weak on memorable themes . He made a values-driven case for continuing on a difficult path toward rebuilding the great American middle class , but did not offer new details on just how we would achieve those goals in the next four years . He successfully deconstructed the Republican plans as simply being more of the failed same -- "  Take two tax cuts , roll back some regulations , and call us in the morning ! " -- but did n't offer a strategy for how the two parties would work better together in a second term . And where Bill Clinton 's speech was focused on centrist swing voters , President Obama 's address seemed aimed at the party 's base , rocking the convention hall , but losing something in translation over television into living rooms across the nation . The speech contained some clear declarations of difference between the two parties . A close read showed Obama , as always , rhetorically refusing to accept old terms of debate : "  We do n't think government can solve all our problems . But we do n't think that government is the source of all our problems . " Instead , Obama sees a country balanced between rights and responsibilities , the individual and the community working together to make life a little better for us all . He believes passionately in the ability of government to make a positive difference -- and that is not socialistic , but realistic . Obama soared when talking about foreign policy , driving home the inexplicable failure of Mitt Romney to mention Afghanistan in his Tampa convention keynote . The paragraphs on Osama bin Laden and the rebuilding of ground zero achieved elevation . The president ticked through a list of promises kept , offering data points on our decreased dependence on foreign oil over the past four years , and a goal of 1 million new manufacturing jobs by the end of his second term . He also belatedly embraced the recommendations of the Bowles-Simpson commission as a starting point to reduce the deficit and the debt , something he notably failed to do in his first term . But if this was a sober and serious address , it was also a refined version of his stump speech ; there was little new and no overarching narrative arc to make this high-stakes political speech truly stand out from the pack . The White House said this would not be a State of the Union-style address , but there was a telltale laundry-list quality at times . Both Michelle Obama and Bill Clinton -- and even possibly Joe Biden  !  -- offered more seamless inspiration speeches . In contrast , this felt like a speech written by committee . Perhaps best that can be said of the speech , and this is not a small thing , is that President Obama spoke to the American people as adults last nights . He did not promise miracles , but instead steady improvement if we continued to work together , taking the nation in a better direction , one ironically more rooted in mid-20th century values , but better suited to the inclusive reality of American life in the 21st century . It 's too soon to tell if any individual lines of this speech will endure . President Obama sometimes seems allergic to sound-bites as a point of pride . Lines like "  Killed bin Laden ; Saved G.M " roll off Biden 's tongue , ready for a bumper sticker , but they almost seem too easy for the president and so the pitch is never hit . But the closing lines of the address achieved real momentum and encapsulated President Obama 's argument : "  America , I never said this journey would be easy , and I wo n't promise that now . Yes , our path is harder , but it leads to a better place . Yes our road is longer , but we travel it together . We do n't turn back . We leave no one behind . We pull each other up . We draw strength from our victories , and we learn from our mistakes , but we keep our eyes fixed on that distant horizon , knowing that providence is with us , and that we are surely blessed to be citizens of the greatest nation on Earth . " Or , as the new Bruce Springsteen anthem that closed out the convention more concisely said : "  We Take Care of Our Own . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : President Obama 's speech was strong on policy , weak on memorable themes Obama deconstructed GOP positions well and emphasized edge on foreign policy , he says Avlon : It was a sober and serious address , and he did n't promise miracles
A soldier has committed a deadly mass shooting at Texas ' Fort Hood again . And again , a female police officer was involved in bringing the violent rampage to an end . The military policewoman has not been identified , but by all accounts , she risked her life to ensure the bedlam wrought by Spc. Ivan Lopez came to a close in the second building he entered . By then , Lopez , whom the Army chief of staff has described as a "  very experienced soldier , " had taken three lives and wounded 16 people -- all of them Army personnel . Without the officer 's courageous actions , Wednesday 's casualty count might have been higher . "  It was clearly heroic what she did in that moment in time , " said Lt. Gen. Mark Milley , the post 's commander . "  She did her job , and she did exactly what we 'd expect of a United States Army military police . " According to Milley , the melee began about 4 p.m. Lopez first walked into a unit building and opened fire . The 34-year-old Iraq veteran then left , got into a vehicle and continued firing the .45 - caliber Smith & Wesson semiautomatic that he had purchased off-base , Milley said . Lopez exited the vehicle and walked into a second building , opening fire again , Milley said . It was there he "  was engaged by local law enforcement here at Fort Hood . " The MP arrived in the parking lot about four minutes after the first 911 call , and she began to look for the suspect with other law enforcement officers . A short time later , she saw the suspect . "  He was approaching her at about 20 feet . He put his hands up , then reached under his jacket , pulled out the  semiautomatic  and she pulled out her weapon , " the lieutenant general said . "  She engaged , and then he put the weapon to his head and he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " Milley said . The shooting spree was over in about 15 or 20 minutes . The investigation into what spurred Lopez 's violent revolt promises to take much longer . U.S. Rep. John Carter joined Milley in praising the military policewoman in a CNN interview Thursday , saying she "  responded exactly as the military would expect . " He further said that her quick reaction was a result of training that military police took after the 2009 Fort Hood shooting , in which Maj. Nidal Hasan killed 13 people and wounded 31 others on the base . "  That 's the active shooter program they 've all been through , " Carter said . "  We can see that this is the training that was the result of the Hasan shooting . I lived through the Hasan shooting , and it was kind of eerie last night . " In 2009 , Sgt. Kimberly Munley , a civilian police officer , was washing her car and topping off the gas tank when she got the report that shots had been fired at Fort Hood . She and Senior Sgt. Mark Todd responded to the scene and were directed to the Soldier Readiness Processing Center . The 5-foot-2 , 125-pound mother of two and her partner exchanged gunfire with Hasan , who shot Munley three times , sending a bullet into each of her thighs and another into her knuckles . Munley and Todd were credited with ending Hasan 's rampage and hailed as heroes . Munley can no longer work in law enforcement because of her injuries and has spoken out on behalf of the victims , whom she claims the government has "  betrayed " by denying them certain treatment and benefits in the aftermath of the shooting . Though not much is yet known about the policewoman involved in ending Wednesday 's shooting spree , Fort Hood is home to the 89th Military Police Brigade , a "  combat-ready , deployable force " that can support worldwide operations , according to the brigade 's web page . Phillip Carter , a former MP captain on the post , said he believes she was a junior enlisted soldier who was patrolling by herself . He credited her for facing the threat . "  Most police officers probably would have stepped back and waited for backup , but she stepped forward , " he said . Carter told CNN her training would have been 18 weeks and included a "  Shoot/No Shoot , " class on a shooting course . "  You have to make a decision on the range as to whether to engage or not , " he said . "  They 're designed to create that split-second impulse because that 's all you would have in this kind of a situation . " Brian Todd answers Twitter users questions about the hero officer	Unnamed military policewoman was likely patrolling by herself , former MP leader says General : She engaged Spc. Ivan Lopez before he killed himself "  It was clearly heroic what she did in that moment in time , " Lt. Gen. Milley says In 2009 , another policewoman was credited with helping end Maj. Nidal Hasan 's rampage
CNN  -- Privacy is vital to my sense of self . It is as important as breathing ; each breath may be my last . So I am acutely aware of how difficult it must have been for Tim Cook , CEO of Apple , the world 's richest company , to sacrifice his privacy and expose himself to public scrutiny in an essentially homophobic world . The fact that a CEO of a fortune 500 company 's decision to publicly acknowledge his homosexuality made international news on the same scale as Ebola exposes the persistence of homophobia and hetero-sexism in the West -- despite the existence of laws to protect LGBT people in the USA and elsewhere . Coming out as LGBT is not an easy thing to do anywhere in the world , even if you are the head of a global company such as Apple . The fallout from such an act is unpredictable , potentially catastrophic and game changing -- and that 's when you 're coming out in a society where there is legislation to protect LGBT people . The international newsworthiness of Cook 's decision is a reminder of the gulf between legislation and social emotions . As I read Cook 's courageous story , I could n't help but wonder what it would mean for a Nigerian CEO to follow his example now , in the context of Same Sex Marriage Prohibition Act which challenges the rights of all LGBT people . While I was not surprised by the news about Cook  though not because I had any prior information about his sexuality  , I did wonder why he had decided to trade in his privacy . I also wondered what price he will pay for coming out and what price he may have paid for keeping his sexuality a secret ? What closet has he now opened and what closet will now be forever closed as a result of his coming out ? As these questions played on my mind , I could not help but be thankful that such a figure would acknowledge his sexuality in the way that he has done , especially at a time when countries like Nigeria are effectively criminalizing gay people , with a law banning homosexuality . Will those homophobic legislators and their fellow promoters of hate now stop using their "  gay " Western technologies ? Some homophobes are already claiming that since Apple was co-founded by the straight Steve Jobs , the fact that Tim Cook is gay will "  corrupt " the brand . I wonder how many Nigerian or African CEOs are now thinking about acknowledging their homosexuality , even if only to themselves as a result of Cook 's declaration . Because coming out is not always about making a public announcement to the rest of the world -- it can just be about being honest with oneself or with those who you truly value in your life -- those who have supported you , but who are unaware of the totality of who you are because of the closet which society has forced so many LGBT people into in Africa . If we look at Cook 's trajectory we can see he has always been "  out " to those who matter to him , those who supported his growth and those who probably gave him the courage to make his statement last week . His decision will mean different things to different people across the world -- it may have more resonance for LGBT people in the U.S. and in the West because of proximity , but his declaration also provides a counter-narrative to American far-right evangelists and agents of homophobia in Africa . Cook 's announcement is both a provocation and a reminder that clothes , not human beings , belong in the closet . It is a call to action for those in positions of power to come out and be counted : By letting go of their own privacy in order to give courage to millions , the likes of Cook are using their privileged position to insist on justice , equality and the right for all of humanity to be recognized and respected . Who knows , Cook 's decision to publicly acknowledge that he is gay may be the impetus some of our closeted CEOs need . At present , it may well be career-destroying for a Nigerian or African CEO to come out in the way Cook has done , but they may be inspired to work behind the scenes , to change policies in their organizations , to work quietly with African governments to reverse the homophobic laws or even to support and commit their Corporate and Social Responsibility budget to CSOs working on sexual minority rights in the country without drawing attention to their own sexuality . For me , in Nigeria , someone like Cook revealing his sexuality is his own way of aligning his personal identity and privilege with the struggle against the tyranny of the heterosexual majority and the modern pogrom against LGBT people , especially in Africa . Cook represents all that we as LGBT activists dream of : To have powerful figures use their position to bring visibility to LGBT existence . While one individual making a public declaration wo n't automatically result in a change of policies or laws , each one puts a face to the conversation and helps advance the discourse . Cook , like the now openly gay Kenyan writer Biniyavanga Wainanian , author of "  One day I will write about this place , " reminds us all that LGBT people are here , have been here among us and are contributing magnificently to development . Cook 's courageous action is an inspiration to us all ; but Binyavanga Wainaina 's revelation of his sexuality -- earlier this year he published a "  lost " chapter from his memoir entitled "  I am a homosexual , Mum " -- is probably more contextually powerful for us as Africans . I for one look forward to a day when a powerful and respected African CEO will publicly acknowledge that they are LGBT , or openly and unequivocally support the rights of LGBT people . For now , we 'll continue to be inspired by Cook and Wainaina 's courage . READ MORE : Why gay people like Tim Cook must tell their stories READ MORE : Is Africa the most homophobic continent ? READ MORE : Thanks , Tim , but LGBTs are n't there yet	Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly acknowledged his homosexuality last week Olumide Femi Makanjuola says decision to do so is not easy , whoever and wherever you are Makanjuola : Announcement a reminder that clothes , not human beings , belong in the closet "  I look forward to a day when a powerful African CEO publicly acknowledges that they are LGBT "
Health officials have been warning us about antibiotic overuse and drug-resistant "  superbugs " for a long time . But today the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is sounding the alarm in a new way . For the first time , the CDC is categorizing drug-resistant superbugs by threat level . That 's because , in their conservative estimates , more than 2 million people get antibiotic-resistant infections each year , and at least 23,000 die because current drugs no longer stop their infections . Antibiotics are designed to kill bacteria that cause infection . However , in the process they can also kill so-called good bacteria  the human body hosts about 100 trillion  . The Missouri Department of Health explains it this way : "  Every time a person takes antibiotics , sensitive bacteria are killed , but resistant germs may be left to grow and multiply . Repeated and improper uses of antibiotics are primary causes of the increase in drug-resistant bacteria . " Some bad bacteria are naturally resistant to certain types of antibiotics , according to Tufts University . Others can become resistant by spontaneous genetic mutation or by swapping genes with other bugs . So the CDC is ranking the worst drug-resistant bacteria according to how many people get sick , the number of hospitalizations and the number of deaths caused by each . They also took into account how many , if any , existing antibiotics still work on the bacteria . Instead of red , orange or yellow -- the levels once used to describe terrorism threats -- the CDC is using "  urgent , " "  serious " and "  concerning . " Fatal brain disease may have infected 13 Knowing the specific names of the deadly bacteria may not be essential for the average person , but CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said Monday that the CDC is warning the public about these health threats before they get out of control . "  For the first time , " said Frieden , " we have a snapshot of antimicrobial threats that have the most impact on human health . " According to the CDC , the following bacteria are the most "  Urgent Threats " : CRE bacteria -- a family of germs called carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , which includes E. Coli . Some CRE bacteria are resistant to all existing antibiotics . The CDC reports more than 9,000 infections are contracted in hospitals and other health care settings from these bacteria . As many as 50 % of the patients who are infected with CRE end up dying because there is nothing to help them fight the infections . Clostridium Difficile  C-Diff for short  -- a bacteria that can cause life-threatening diarrhea . It kills up to 14,000 people and causes a quarter million hospitalizations each year . Most patients who get this potentially deadly infection are on antibiotics for other infections . The problem is that while antibiotics kill bad bugs , they also kill good bacteria in your gastrointestinal system that help fight off bad bacteria , C-Diff included . Fecal transplant cures woman 's bacterial infection Neisseria gonorrhoeae -- the drug-resistant form of this bacteria causes gonorrhea , the second most commonly reported infection in the United States . Gonorrhea can cause a variety of illnesses in men and women , including infertility . The CDC estimates there are 820,000 infections each year . In nearly a third of the cases , treatment of the sexually-transmitted disease , is hampered by growing antibiotic resistance . Sexually-transmitted superbug could be major crisis Frieden said if the current trends continue , "  the medicine cabinet may be empty for patients who need them in the coming months and years . " To avoid what Frieden calls a "  post-antibiotic " era , where none of the existing drugs work anymore and new ones have n't been approved , the CDC has created a four-step plan to stem the tide of antibiotic resistance . The government agency hopes to better track infections in the future to know when a bacteria is becoming drug-resistant . By spotting the trend earlier , scientists may be able to develop new antibiotics quicker . You can also do your part , the CDC said , by preventing infections in the first place . Preventing infection starts with practicing good hand hygiene and safe food-handling , so you do n't get sick in the first place . Since many antibiotic-resistant infections are spread in hospital settings , patients and their families should feel empowered to ask doctors and other health care personnel coming into their rooms if they have washed their hands . Patients should also only take antibiotics when they are really necessary . Changing the way antibiotics are used is perhaps "  the single most important action needed to greatly slow the development and spread of antibiotic-resistant infections , " Frieden said . Patients need to demand fewer antibiotics and doctors have to resist patients requests for them when they know they wo n't work . Also , lowering the use of antibiotics in animals to only when it 's absolutely necessary can contribute to stretching the life and usefulness of available drugs , Frieden said . Disinfectants could give rise to superbugs	More than 2 million people get antibiotic-resistant infections each year CDC is ranking the worst bacteria based on number of hospitalizations and deaths Drug-resistant ` superbugs ' include CRE bacteria , C-Diff and Neisseria gonorrhoeae
Income inequality is going up , up , up in America . In Brazil , meanwhile , it 's been dropping for years . The likely outcome ? "  Perhaps both countries will meet halfway , " said Pedro Ferreira de Souza , a researcher at Brazil 's Institute for Applied Economic Research . Brazil , while still incredibly unequal , has realized something the United States has n't : That wealth and income inequality are threats to democracy , and that smart policies can help narrow the gap between rich and poor . We would be wise to adopt the cash transfer programs and minimum wage policies that economists say have helped Brazil reduce its income inequality . But many U.S. politicians are reluctant to deal with this issue . "  I think that is perhaps the most important lesson from Brazil ... that inequality IS a legitimate political matter , " Ferreira de Souza wrote in an e-mail to me . "  That it does affect people 's lives and that at the end of the day , inequality begets inequality ... " To deny that , he said , would be "  ludicrous . " Related : You pick it , CNN will cover it Here are five unexpected tips for how the United States can and should curb its rising income inequality , pulled from Brazil and other foreign shores , as well as our own history books . Adopting policies from other countries always raises eyebrows . None will be a perfect fit . But the bottom line is that we need to do something before we turn into a society where , as Ferreira de Souza put it , "  rags-to-riches stories become increasingly unlikely . " 1 . Scandinavia : Equality is safer ... and skinnier Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway are the gold standards for economic equality and justice . It 's not that everyone is equal -- it 's that the gap between rich and poor is small enough that it does n't cause all sorts of other problems . Violence , mental illness ... even obesity . All of these are associated with economically split societies , according to decades of research that went into the book "  The Spirit Level , " by two epidemiologists . Another outcome of income inequality is that it 's harder to move up in a society . This has been proved by data , but it 's also logical . When the gap is wider , a person has further to go . "  If you want to live the American Dream , " said Kate Picket , one of the researchers , "  you 'd better go to Denmark or Finland . " Their rates of economic mobility are much higher . They achieve this with higher tax rates and better social services . Norway , for example , provides 10 weeks of paid paternity leave . College and health care are free in Denmark . When these tools exist and are available to everyone , it matters less how rich you are at birth . You have the same tools for success as everyone else . 2 . Iceland : Publish the names of the rich Economic inequalities are somewhat invisible in the United States . They 're masked by credit , as Harvard 's Michael Norton explained it to me , and we tend to surround ourselves with people from the same tax bracket . We also do n't tell each other how much money we make . An Esquire writer tested this idea by running around the country asking people , "  How much do you make ? " "  You mean money ? " one man responded . Money is n't something Americans discuss . And maybe that 's holding us back . Iceland clears up all mysteries about the size of the rich-poor gap by making individual income tax records public , said Stefn lafsson , a professor at the University of Iceland . "  It reveals the differences , " he told me . In the lead up to the financial crisis , "  people could see how the bankers earnings were galloping ahead of everybody else ... " 3 . Australia : McDonald 's pays $ 15 an hour Fast-food workers in the United States have been protesting for a higher minimum wage . The federal minimum is $ 7.25 per hour , which is worth less than the minimum wage was in the late 1960s , when you adjust for inflation . Australia , meanwhile , manages to pay all of its workers $ 15 per hour -- and the economy , fast-food and otherwise , has n't collapsed . The country also maintains a lower level of income inequality . 4 . Brazil : Income inequality is n't forever In 2001 , Brazil 's Gini index rating , one measure of income inequality , was 59.4 , according to a government source . By 2009 , it had dropped to 53.9 . A score of 100 means one person earns all income in the country . Zero means income is perfectly distributed . Related : Is class the new race ? Brazil is still more economically divided than the United States , which had a rating of 45 in 2007 , according to data compiled by the CIA , but Brazil 's downward trajectory is encouraging , and it 's at least partly the result of policies designed to lift people out of extreme poverty and to encourage equality of opportunity . One much-touted program , Bolsa Familia , provides direct cash transfers to poor families on the condition that their children attend school . The program only costs 0.5 % of GDP per year , Ferreira de Souza said . "  It certainly will not solve all our problems , " he told me , "  but it has played an important role in bringing down inequality . " The country also adjusts its minimum wage for inflation and pegs social support programs to that amount . The minimum wage has increased in recent years , making it possible for people to work their way out of poverty . 5 . United States : Clues from a time capsule Finally , we in the United States need look no further than our own history for tips about how to run a country where prosperity is broadly shared . Former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich told me he 's often asked which countries the United States should try to emulate to try to narrow the rich-poor gap . He always says 1950s or 1960s America . Back then , unions gave workers a voice ; college was affordable ; CEO pay was n't off the charts ; and the minimum wage was higher in relative terms . Reinstating some of those policies might stop America from becoming more unequal than it already is . We 're  barely  beating Zimbabwe . Let 's keep it that way .	America has a higher level of income inequality than any developed country The income gap is also wider than Iran 's or Nigeria 's John Sutter : The U.S. should take cues from other places Brazil , Iceland , Australia and Scandinavia offer important lessons , he says
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- An Army officer testifying at a military hearing Wednesday that he first thought the rapid rate of gunfire suggested there was more than one shooter in last November 's Fort Hood massacre . Maj. Stephen Richter of the Army Medical Corps told in chilling detail that he felt the shooter stalking him and could see the red laser from the gunsight flickering in his eyes . He said the gunman then turned away from him , distracted by gunfire from the civilian police officers who had rushed to the scene . Richter , testifying via video link from South Korea , said all the shooting ceased when Maj. Nidal Hasan was brought down by police fire . Hasan is charged with killing 13 people and wounding dozens of others in the rampage . Richter said he called out when he saw the gunman 's uniform and identification badge . "  I remember saying to the police officer , ` He is one of us , ' " Richter said . Still convinced there were other shooters , Richter said that after Hasan was felled by the police fire , he grabbed Hasan 's handgun off the ground and prepared to fire it himself at any additional attackers . The gun was jammed , he said , and he burned his fingers on the barrel as he tried to clear it . The barrel was hot from firing what apparently was scores of rounds . In earlier testimony , Army Criminal Investigation Division special agent Kelly Jameson said 146 spent shell casings had been collected . Sources close the prosecution later clarified that he was referring only to those found inside the building where the shooting began . Another 68 were collected outside , for a total of 214 , they said . And Army investigators said Wednesday that the gunman still had 177 rounds on him when he was shot by police . The two police officers also testified Wednesday . One of them , Maj. Mark Todd , testified that he found extra magazines and a second handgun , a revolver , after Hasan was shot four times . Todd and his fellow civilian police officer , Sgt. Kim Munley , described the gunfight outside the building where the final stand-off occurred . "  I challenged him , ` Halt , military police , drop your weapon , ' " Todd said . "  He raised his weapon and fired . " Munley , who was widely praised for her role in ending the shooting , admitted that she did not know how many times she had hit the gunman . "  I did not see him fall from my shots . No , " Munley said . During her testimony , prosecutors showed a video automatically recorded by a camera mounted on the dashboard in her police car as she raced toward the shooting . In addition to the sound of sirens wailing and fast driving on the way to the scene , the video shows Munley dashing out of her vehicle and bystanders pointing to where the shooter was . Munley is then seen racing off camera . Moments later the tape provides clear audio of repeated gunfire . A separate police car "  dash-cam " was introduced during Todd 's testimony , but because of a technical glitch there was no audio . Neither police camera recorded the video of the final confrontation . Munley said she exchanged fire with the gunman and was injured herself . She told of the difficulty of getting off an accurate shot at the start of the confrontation because of people in the background . In the final moments , "  I realized he was closing in , " Munley said . "  We began to exchange fire again . He was shooting and I was returning fire . " After she was wounded three times , Munley was on the ground and her police weapon "  malfunctioned , " she testified . The gunman walked up and kicked her weapon away . He did not shoot her again and Munley said he appeared to be having problems with his own weapon . She described the man , whom she identified as Hasan , as solemn , with no expression , a description other witnesses have described in the previous days . Listening to her testimony Wednesday , Hasan gave no reaction , occasionally looking down . He wore his usual fleece watch-cap pulled low on his brow and had a blanket bunched up around his shoulders . Munley said she remains on medical leave but expects to return to work on November 1 . The defense spent longer in cross-examining Munley than any of the other more than 50 witnesses heard so far in this Article 32 hearing , pointing up small differences between her testimony and what she told investigators immediately after the shootings . During the period of the final shots , Todd made repeated calls for Hasan to drop his gun . He said the gunshots seemed to echo between the buildings . "  It sounded like thousands of shots being fired , " he said . Asked whether he knew if he hit Hasan , Todd replied , "  I see -LSB- sic -RSB- him wince a couple of times . " In the end , Hasan fell to the ground , and Todd ran up , kicked his gun away , turned him over on his stomach and searched him . That 's when he found the additional gun , extra ammunition magazines and a cell phone . New testimony shows that the deadly massacre could have been much worse if Munley and Todd had not arrived when they did . Army Criminal Investigation Division officer Duane Mitchell said 177 unexpended rounds were recovered from Hasan in both 30 - and 20-round magazines . He also explained that he had two gun sights to help him shoot accurately : a red laser gunsight for low-light conditions and a second green laser , which is most effective in sunlight . Mitchell showed receipts found in Hasan 's car for gunsight batteries , providing a glimpse into the planning for the attack . At the end of the morning session , the defense entered objections to the introduction of autopsy reports for the 13 fatalities , saying they had been denied funding for an independent pathologist . The investigating officer , Col. James Pohl , who acts as the presiding judge in the case , said he would receive the autopsy reports only to identify the victims and their cause of death . Nine people died after being shot in the Army medical processing center and four more died after they were rushed to the base hospital . The prosecution said it planned to complete presenting its case on Thursday . The defense has been told it can take up its case November 8 . A pause of at least one week in the proceedings had been planned to allow Fort Hood to mark one year since the shooting and to honor the victims and those soldiers and civilians who exhibited special heroism . An Article 32 hearing determines if there is enough evidence to proceed to a court-martial .	A witness says he saw the red laser from the gunsight flickering in his eyes Another says it "  sounded like thousands of shots being fired " in the final standoff A CID investigator says Hasan still had "  30 - and 20-round magazines " at the end
London  CNN  -- If only Mitt Romney could turn the Olympic torch on the newspaper headlines in London . He 's the "  Party Pooper " in the Daily Mail , "  Nowhere Man " in the Times of London and "  Mitt the Twit " in The Sun . This was not the storyline Romney and his team wanted when they journeyed overseas for a trip designed to burnish the GOP contender 's foreign policy credentials . Romney has yet to publicly acknowledge the outrage he set off in London when he appeared to question the city 's "  disconcerting " problems in gearing up for the Olympic Games . In an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan on Thursday , Romney chuckled when he was asked about the criticism . Romney 's Olympics false start "  Well , I 'm delighted to see the kind of support that has been around the torch for instance . I watched last night on BBC an entire program about the torch being run across Great Britain . And the kind of crowds . I guess millions of people that turned out to see the torch . That 's what you hope to see , " Romney told Morgan . Asked about the controversy on NBC 's "  Today " show , Romney again sidestepped the question but declared London prepared . "  After being here a couple of days it looks to me like London is ready , " Romney said . The uproar in Britain reached its crescendo Thursday evening when London Mayor Boris Johnson whipped up a crowd of 60,000 revelers at a pre-Olympics celebration with a taunt for the Republican presidential candidate . Johnson is a Tory , theoretically putting him near Romney on the same conservative end of the political spectrum . "  There 's this guy called Mitt Romney who wants to know if we are ready . Are we ready ? Yes we are , " Johnson shouted at what sounded like a political rally , for President Obama . Meanwhile on Twitter , the hashtag #RomneyShambles was trending on both sides of the Atlantic . For instance ,  $	Mitt Romney 's comments in London draw criticism from the British press #Romneyshambles is trending on Twitter on both sides of the Atlantic Romney disclosed a meeting with intelligence official usually kept quiet Campaign tries to pivot from its misfortune to criticize Obama on weak GDP
CNN  -- As I walked the streets of New York the other day , I saw several white youths with hoodies , tattoos and nose rings . Not one time did it enter my mind that they could be skinheads . While walking into the Howard University Hospital in Washington earlier that day , a few African-Americans rocked various types of hoodies . There was n't a knot in my stomach ; I did n't cross the street out of fear , and no , I did n't nervously look around for a cop or two . As a native of Houston , I grew up in a black neighborhood . Went to a black church . Attended mostly black schools . I 've seen every kind of black person possible . The drug dealer . The doctor . The bully . The postal worker . The crack addict . The city councilman . And never have I walked in fear of black folks who have given me no reason to be scared . Oh , let 's be clear , I 've seen a group of menacing looking black folks who scared the hell out of me . But I can say the same for whites , Hispanics and Asians . What the Trayvon Martin shooting should tell us is that the stereotypes that we have of people can have deadly consequences . Martin was nothing more than a young man wearing athletic shoes , jeans and a hoodie . For George Zimmerman , that 's the uniform of a suspicious person . And it apparently was that simple observation that led Zimmerman to follow Martin in his car , get out , confront Martin and eventually shoot him fatally . It has been amazing to listen to the reaction of some folks . But nothing got me more charged up than hearing Geraldo Rivera say on "  Fox and Friends " that by wearing a hoodie , Martin contributed to his own death . "  When you see a kid walking down the street , particularly a dark-skinned kid like my son Cruz  $ " who I constantly yelled at when he was going out wearing a damn hoodie or those pants around his ankles . ` Take that hood off ! ' People look at you and what 's the instant identification , what 's the instant association ? It 's those crime scene surveillance tapes , " Rivera said . "  Every time you see someone stickin ' up a 7-11 , the kid 's wearing a hoodie . Every time you see a mugging on a surveillance camera or they get the old lady in the alcove , it 's a kid wearing a hoodie . You have to recognize that this whole stylizing yourself as a ` gangsta . ' ... You 're gon na be a gangsta wan na ? Well , people are going to perceive you as a menace . That 's what happens . It is an instant reflexive action . " He later added , "  When you see a black or Latino youngster , particularly on the street , you walk to the other side of the street . You try to avoid that confrontation . Trayvon Martin , you know , God bless him , he was an innocent kid , a wonderful kid , a box of Skittles in his hands . He did n't deserve to die . But I 'll bet you money , if he did n't have that hoodie on , that nutty neighborhood watch guy would n't have responded in that violent and aggressive way . " He might have thought he was well-meaning , but Geraldo , that 's just nonsense . It was n't Trayvon 's hoodie that led to his death ; it was the skin color . It was what was going through Zimmerman 's mind when he saw the kid . We do a disservice to ourselves when we try to explain away such nonsense . In a show of solidarity , all the Miami Heat took a photo wearing the team 's hoodies , with their hands stuffed in their pockets . The leader of this effort was my good friend , Dwyane Wade . Wade also posted a picture of himself in a hoodie on his Facebook page and linked to it from Twitter tagged with " #hoodies #stereotypes #trayvonmartin " "  I 'm a father , " Wade told the South Florida Sun Sentinel . "  It 's support of the tragic thing that has taken place . No matter what color , race , we 're all fathers . " The problem today is that minorities , especially men -- black men -- have long had to make accommodations for the negative view others have of us . See , it does n't matter about our degrees . Our fine , tailored suits do n't matter . We 've made all the accommodations to fit into this society . We 've cut our hair . We are careful about the clothes we wear . We change how we talk so as not to sound threatening . We 're fine , upstanding citizens . Yet we still are seen as suspicious . And in the case of Trayvon Martin , end up dead . We are sick and tired of being seen as suspicious . We are sick and tired of being seen as a stereotype and not as a full human being . We are sick and tired of having to give our black boys "  the talk " and still having to bury them so young . As civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer stated so well : "  We are sick and tired of being sick and tired . " For those who continue to tout this so-called post-racial America , look at the image of Trayvon Martin . You tell his parents that the age of Obama is a post-racial America . You tell his parents , Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton , that their son was judged by the content of his character and not the color of his skin . Even President Barack Obama said on Friday that the killing of Trayvon Martin requires a national "  soul-searching . " "  If I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon , " President Obama said . America , no more . We will no longer accommodate your easily bruised feelings by clenching our teeth and praying it will all get better . No more . What do we want ? Justice . When do we want it ? Now . If you think for a moment that we will be satisfied with a police chief stepping down or press releases expressing outrage , you have another think coming . This , folks , is war . This is war on racism . This is war on bigotry . This is war on stereotypes . This is a call to arms . This is time for the soldiers in the battle for social justice to stand up and say , "  I report for duty , sir . " This fight will not become just a moment . We will not let that happen . This incident is about a movement . A movement for respect . A movement for decency . A movement to be treated equally , and not be stalked and stereotyped because of the amount of melanin in our skin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Martin : Stereotypes that we have of people can have deadly consequences A black youth should not be a target just because he wears a hoodie , Martin says Martin says it 's time to renew the fight against racism , bigotry and stereotypes
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration is preparing to ban caffeinated alcohol drinks , Sen. Charles Schumer said Tuesday . In response , one leading manufacturer of these drinks announced that it will remove caffiene and other ingredients from its product . The FDA , which has been reviewing the drinks since last year , declined to comment on the report . Spokeswoman Siobhan Delancey said the matter was still under review . But Schumer , in a statement issued to the media , said the FDA will rule that caffeine is an unsafe additive to alcoholic beverages , effectively banning them from the U.S. market . "  Let these rulings serve as a warning to anyone who tried to peddle dangerous and toxic brews to our children . Do it and we will shut you down , " Schumer , D-New York , said in the statement . Critics say such drinks -- leading brands include Four Loko and Joose -- mix as much as three cups of coffee with three cans of beer and are designed to appeal to younger consumers accustomed to consuming high-caffeine energy drinks . A 23.5-ounce can of Four Loko contains either 6 or 12 percent alcohol by volume , depending on state regulations . What 's inside alcoholic energy drinks ? The combination of caffeine and alcohol -- which also is found in drinks like rum and cola -- allows drinkers to consume alcohol for a longer period of time without headaches , dry mouth or other unpleasant side effects , according to Kevin Clauson , an associate professor of pharmacy at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Schumer 's office said a recent study found that young drinkers who combine alcohol and caffeine are more likely to be injured , sexually assaulted , drive while drinking and require medical attention than those who drink caffeinate-free drinks . In the latest news , several Washington state college students became ill in October after drinking Four Loko . Phusion Products , the manufacturer of Four Loko , announced Tuesday that it intends to reformulate its drinks to remove caffeine , guarana and taurine from them . From now on , there will only be noncaffeinated versions of Four Loko . "  We have repeatedly contended -- and still believe , as do many people throughout the country -- that the combination of alcohol and caffeine is safe . If it were unsafe , popular drinks like rum and colas or Irish coffees that have been consumed safely and responsibly for years would face the same scrutiny that our products have recently faced , " the company 's co-founders said in a statement . The company also noted that the Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau had approved their products . "  We are taking this step after trying -- unsuccessfully -- to navigate a difficult and politically-charged regulatory environment at both the state and federal levels , " the statement said . Phusion Products said that over the last several months they wanted to talk with regulators and policymakers in hopes of coming up with standards regulating caffeinated alcoholic beverages . "  By taking this action today , we are again demonstrating leadership , cooperation and responsible corporate citizenship , " the statement said . If the FDA does move to ban the drinks , it would join New York , Washington , Utah , Michigan and Oklahoma in ejecting the products from store shelves .	Sen. Charles Schumer says FDA will ban caffeinated alcohol drinks Critics say the drinks are unsafe and appeal to minors New York , Washington , Utah , Michigan and Oklahoma already ban the drinks
On paper , the 1974 version of "  The Great Gatsby " had everything . It starred Robert Redford , the biggest , most glamorous movie star of the era . The screenplay was by Francis Ford Coppola , coming off writing Oscars for "  The Godfather " and "  Patton . " The art direction was sumptuous , and the costumes -- which helped launch a new craze for 1920s-inspired fashion -- were designed by the then little-known Ralph Lauren , among others . And yet the movie , though a box-office success , fell far short of the novel . Critics at the time roasted it , and it 's been largely forgotten since its release . There are lots of reasons that the 1974 "  Gatsby " has n't become a film classic equal to the book 's literary status . The actors were , perhaps , miscast : Redford a little too perfect given Gatsby 's rough edges , Bruce Dern too unpolished for rich Yalie Tom Buchanan . Director Jack Clayton may have paid more attention to the opulent settings than the relationships between the characters . And then there 's the shadow of Fitzgerald himself , with his lyrical language , so enticing on the page and so difficult to translate onto celluloid . But Hollywood has n't given up . Like the green light across the bay that forever taunts the book 's title character , F. Scott Fitzgerald 's classic 1925 novel holds out the promise of a dream : turning the Great American Novel into the Great American Movie . After all , it has everything -- a love story , sex , money , crime , great themes , lush settings . The latest attempt , a 3-D version starring Leonardo DiCaprio and directed by "  Moulin Rouge 's " Baz Luhrmann , opens Friday . Luhrmann has steeped himself in both Fitzgerald and the Jazz Age . He immersed himself in Fitzgerald 's biography . He read previous drafts of the novel . He even has a reason for using rock and hip-hop music on his soundtrack : The seemingly anachronistic sounds are the equivalent of jazz in the novel 's 1922 setting , when the music was "  referred to as an African-American fad , " the director told The New York Times . But does it matter ? Is "  Gatsby , " finally , that dreaded word in Hollywood -- "  unfilmable " ? "  The language in ` Gatsby ' is almost like poetry , " says Louis Giannetti , emeritus film professor at Case Western Reserve University . "  How do you translate that into cinematic terms ? " Entertainment vs. high school It 's never easy . Novels and motion pictures are distinct forms of storytelling , points out Everest Entertainment 's Tom Heller , who helped produce the films "  Precious , " "  127 Hours " and the current "  Mud . " A book takes place largely in the reader 's imagination ; a movie makes concrete choices , down to the casting . Moreover , it can be tough for a film to translate the internal thoughts of characters and narrators into action -- turning subtext into text , in other words . Len Cassuto , an English professor at Fordham University , says he admires the film version of "  The Remains of the Day " for taking Anthony Hopkins ' passive butler and turning him into a fascinating film character . "  The  actors  could bring that inner turmoil into sight nonverbally , " he says . "  It 's a pretty big risk to write that as a movie . " Still , says Heller , any literary work can be made into a film , given the right hands . If there 's a risk , he observes , it 's when filmmakers adhere too closely to a classic or popular book , resulting in an airless dramatization -- not a full-bodied film . "  There 's a danger that it can be perceived as something that 's good for you , " he says . "  Films work best when they 're extremely entertaining . An audience might look at a film that 's adapted from a novel and think that they 're in a high school class . " Indeed , it 's a Hollywood truism that some of the best movies are made from energetic potboilers . "  The Godfather " is usually Exhibit A : a fine , pulpy novel turned into a great film thanks to Coppola 's attention to theme , photography and character . Nevertheless , certain producers have been particularly eager to snap up prestigious literary properties and worry about the cinematic issues later . Scott Rudin , in particular , is well-known for his literary tastes , having optioned Cormac McCarthy 's "  No Country for Old Men , " Michael Chabon 's "  The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay , " Jonathan Safran Foer 's "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close " and Jonathan Franzen 's "  Freedom " over the years . Not all of them have worked out , however . How to throw a 1920s party worthy of Gatsby himself Adapting to challenges Indeed , it 's not just literary pedigree that may make a book "  unfilmable . " Moviemakers may be wary of subject matter , technological challenges , even the mood . A talked-about book might only sell 50,000 copies ; a movie has to sell millions of tickets . So there 's a reason Hollywood took the tragic ending of "  The Natural " and turned it into a scene of feel-good fireworks . Who , besides a bunch of hubris-fascinated English majors , wants to see the book 's  spoiler !  fallen , weeping Roy Hobbs "  excluded from the game and all his records forever destroyed " ? Those challenges need not be a death sentence at the box office or with critics , however . "  The Natural " had a successful run . John Ford 's version of "  The Grapes of Wrath " eliminated a symbolic suckling scene , toned down the politics , changed the ending and became a classic . McCarthy 's brutal "  No Country for Old Men " is full of horrific violence  not to mention the author 's distinctive terse writing  . Yet the Coen brothers managed to make an Oscar winner out of the material , helped in no small way by Javier Bardem 's chilling performance as Anton Chigurh . "  Midnight Cowboy , " "  The English Patient , " "  The Lord of the Rings , " "  Life of Pi " -- all had their issues , whether cultural , literary or technological , and all ended up successful and award-winning films . The key is that everybody has to be on the same page  pardon the pun  , says screenwriter Karol Hoeffner , who 's adapted works by authors such as Danielle Steel . "  For the best adaptations , you have a partnership , " says Hoeffner , who teaches at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles . Moviemaking is a team effort , and if the screenwriter , director and producer are at loggerheads , the final product will suffer , she says . And you have to follow your own muse , she adds . Hoeffner 's original work , including books for young adults , is far different from Steel 's romances , and she knew she 'd have to make Steel 's melodramatic dialogue more film-friendly . "  But , " she says , "  I was convinced I could tell the story . " Marketing muscle Which brings us back to "  Gatsby . " Luhrmann has the creative partnerships : Pal Craig Pearce wrote the screenplay and Luhrmann 's wife , Catherine Martin , tackled the production design . He 's tried a different angle , getting at "  Gatsby 's " famous distance by making Nick Carraway 's character -- now in a sanitarium -- the novelist . And , not unimportantly , he has the marketing muscle . After all , a primary reason Hollywood keeps adapting certain novels is the built-in sales factor . "  Gatsby " is on countless high school reading lists and sells hundreds of thousands of copies a year . There 's a curious audience already waiting . In addition , the book is being backed by a marketing blitz that would make Fitzgerald , a former advertising man , proud . Brooks Brothers , Tiffany , hotels , even an ice-cream manufacturer have climbed aboard the "  Gatsby " bandwagon . Will all that appeal to a summer movie audience generally filled with teenagers ? It 's certainly shrewd , says Mary Simonson , a film and media studies professor at Colgate University . "  As I watched the trailer , I thought , ` This is for 16-year-olds , ' " she says . "  All of this is about gearing this toward high school and college students who may not have any notion of who Fitzgerald was or what the book actually was . "  They 're not going to care too much about whether this is a well-done adaptation , " she adds . "  They 're going to care about whether it 's a Hollywood blockbuster . "	New version of "  The Great Gatsby " one of many attempts to bring classic to the screen Book 's lyrical prose , point of view make adaptation difficult Movies are different art form , and filmmakers have to remember that , says producer "  Gatsby " benefits from well-known title , marketing ties
CNN  -- The first person ever convicted in Idaho of knowingly spreading the HIV virus is facing new charges for the same offense , authorities said Thursday . An Ada County , Idaho , grand jury on Tuesday returned an indictment charging Kerry Thomas , 45 , with seven counts of knowingly transferring the HIV virus , Jean Fisher , Ada County deputy prosecutor , told CNN . In 1990 , Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission and two counts of statutory rape , Fisher said . As part of a plea agreement , he pleaded guilty only to the rape charges . According to Fisher , Thomas received a 12-year sentence and had to serve three years before being eligible for parole . He was later granted early release . In 1996 , however , Thomas was again charged with one count of HIV transmission , and a jury convicted him , Fisher said . He received a 15-year sentence with a seven-year minimum . Now out on parole , Thomas faces possible life in prison on the new charges because prosecutors are seeking his designation as a "  persistent violator . " It was not immediately known whether Thomas was in custody Thursday . He was not listed online among the inmates in the Ada County Jail . Asked why Thomas would continue to spread the virus , which causes AIDS , Fisher said , "  That 's the $ 64,000 question , for a person who has been to prison twice . "	Kerry Thomas was indicted for second time for knowingly transferring HIV virus In 1990 , Thomas was charged with four counts of HIV transmission If convicted , Thomas could face life in prison
Kot Chutta , Pakistan  CNN  -- From behind the steel bars of his jail cell , Muhammad Ismail described with uncanny ease how he shot and killed his wife , his mother-in-law , and sister-in-law . "  The first shot hit the side of her body , " Ismail said . "  I left her there and went next door and killed my wife 's mother and sister . I made sure they were all dead . Then I locked the door and left the house . " Without any apparent regret , Ismail said he would do it again . "  I am proud of what I did . That 's why I turned myself over to the police . " Ismail 's confession to the triple-murder that took place last February in a village in central Pakistan is a rare and chilling first-hand account of a so-called "  honor " killing -- the murder of women who are usually accused of dishonoring their families by being unfaithful or disobedient . British court convicts parents of murder in "  honor " killing Ismail accused his wife of eight months of repeatedly flirting with other men and spending long hours away from home . "  My wife never made me happy , " said the 20-year-old who played drums in a traditional Pakistani wedding band before his arrest . "  She was like a prostitute . She never took care of me . " The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan reported 943 women were "  killed in the name of honor " in Pakistan last year , an increase of more than 100 from 2010 . Rights groups blame the increase in "  honor " murders partly on what they call an ineffective justice system in Pakistan that too often allows killers to go unpunished . Despite his videotaped confession to CNN and an earlier confession to police , prosecutors say Ismail can soon be a free man if his victims ' family agrees to accept compensation for the killings . Receiving blood money is an option for victims in many conservative Muslim societies under the Islamic principal that mercy is more noble than revenge . But women 's rights activists complain that in patriarchal societies like Pakistan , "  honor " killers regularly bully and threaten the female victim 's family into accepting blood money . "  When it comes to the crime we have a natural reaction of shock and horror , but when we see the justice system not work , our heart breaks , " said legal advisor and rights activist Bushra Syed . According to human rights lawyer Zia Ahmed Awan , victims ' families in Pakistan are also at a disadvantage because "  honor " killings often take place in male-dominated communities where women are often viewed as property with few rights to defend themselves and little access to legal aid . "  In parts of the country there is hardly any legal help for women , " Awan said . "  This crime is growing because the courts and laws are not responding to the cries for help . " Awan said police , lawmakers and judges in these communities are too often either corrupt or lack the proper resources and power to investigate and prosecute crimes . Instead they regularly defer to a traditional system of justice where powerful tribal leaders and male heads of families rule on disputes , he said . In 1999 Awan set up Pakistan 's first hotline for female victims of abuse and families who lost loved ones to "  honor " murders . He called it the Madadgar Help Center . Today Awan has help centers in four cities , providing thousands of victims and families shelter , legal advice , and medical care , often free of charge . Mother suspected in UK "  honor " murder ' implicates husband in teen 's killing Hamida Bibi called Awan 's help center in Karachi after her newlywed daughter 's husband allegedly killed her for having an affair . "  Somebody told us to come here because they could help us , " Bibi said . "  They said they would listen . " Awan said the fight against "  murders for honor " is slowly paying off ; that police are making more arrests , the courts are prosecuting more cases , and the media is paying attention . But rights groups agree the steady increase in such deaths and the possibility that confessed killers like Muhammad Ismail are often set free are stark signs that the fight is far from over .	Muhammad Ismail tells CNN how he killed his wife , her mother and her sister He said : "  My wife never made me happy . She was like a prostitute " In "  honor " murders , women are usually accused of being unfaithful or disobedient Human Rights group reported 943 women killed in the name of honor in 2011
New Delhi , India  CNN  A passenger train overshot a stop and jumped its tracks in northern India on Friday , killing at least 30 people and injuring more than 50 others , a railway spokesman said . The train was headed from Dehradun to the Hindu holy city of Varanasi when it overshot an intended stop more than halfway along the route , about 35 kilometers  22 miles  east of Lucknow in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , railway spokesman Neeraj Sharma said . Two coaches and the locomotive derailed . Video from the site , shown by CNN affiliate IBN , showed emergency workers pulling passengers from the train as a crowd looked on . The cause of the incident will be investigated , Sharma said . CNN 's Harmeet Singh reported from New Delhi . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta .	A passenger train derails about 35 kilometers  22 miles  east of Lucknow in northern India The train overshot an intended stop , a railway spokesman says
Aarti Aziz and her husband Moosa are locked inside a pitch-black concrete dugout in Mexico , sweating in unbearable heat . With them is a shaman who has been chanting ceaselessly for the past two hours as strange vapors swirl around them . It may sound like a harrowing ordeal , but it 's one the couple volunteered for . This is the world of Temazcal , a practice dating back centuries to when Mexico 's Mayan Riviera was wilderness and the Mayan civilization was at the height of its power . Temazcal entails entering a stone igloo with little or no clothing on and sweating it out to the sound of chanting and the fragrance of herbs . Typically carried out for small groups by a shaman who 's usually a member of one of the Mayan communities in the surrounding area , the process lasts two hours . It can be a tough experience . Anyone with diabetes or heart disease should forget it , while those susceptible to claustrophobia or skepticism , might think twice . Even skeptics , however , can rest assured that they 'll come out from their two-hour session feeling refreshed , invigorated and a probably a few pounds lighter . During the session , rosemary , basil and peppermint and other scents waft over a vapor created by the shaman as he or she gently throws water over a pile of hot rocks in a pit in the middle of the floor . Visitors are kept hydrated with herbal tea and are permitted to lie down , walk around , or sit still -- whatever it takes to cleanse body and mind . But once they check in , they ca n't check out . "  I did freak out a bit when the shaman covered the dugout 's door with a thick blanket , " says Aziz , who experienced a Temazcal in Tulum , on southeastern Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsular . Inner child Her eyes soon adjusted to the darkness and she enjoyed a comfortable two hours . "  The only light we ever saw were the brief sparks from the rocks when the water was poured on them , " she adds . Her husband says he found the shaman 's constant chanting -- urging him to direct his woes and pains toward the smoldering rocks to rid his body of hatred and lighten his mental load -- a tad hokey , but the ambiance eventually caught up with him . When the shaman told him to "  let his inner child out , " he laughed loudly as directed , carried away by the mood . The couple emerged from their session feeling refreshed and lighter -- physically and mentally . "  My skin felt amazingly soft , " adds Aarti . "  The ancient Maya respected the steam bath 's efficacy and power for treating both physical and spiritual diseases , " says Rosita Arvigo , author of "  Spiritual Bathing : Healing Rituals and Traditions from Around the World . " A doctor of naprapathy -- a science similar to chiropractic manipulation -- who 's trained in Central American traditional medicine , Arvigo says steam bath buildings made out of stone were a part of every major Maya ceremonial center . Some are still intact in various parts of Mexico . Hallucinogenic drugs While technically the word Temazcal is not Mayan , but Aztec , ancient Mayans -- athletes , priests , kings -- regularly engaged in these sweaty detox sessions and took hallucinogenic drugs such as peyote to further enhance the experience . Visitors are unlikely to be offered any peyote today , but just about every hotel in the touristy cities of Cancun , Playa del Carmen and Tulum offers a version of a Temazcal . Many actually have a stone dugout , or sweat lodge , on their premises . They 're the main attraction for most travelers , says Barbara Varicchio , head of sales and promotion for Dos Palmas Eco Tours , an organization that arranges Temazcals and works closely with Mayan communities in the region around Playa del Carmen . Varicchio attests that the physical benefits are many . She says the vapor created by the mix of essential herbs clears the digestive tract , improves blood circulation , energizes tired muscles and clears the skin . And finally , partaking in the experience helps develop tourism , in the best way . "  By keeping the ancient steam bath practice alive , we are encouraging sustainable tourism and enabling traditional communities to earn their livelihood by doing what their ancestors did , " she says . Where to go for a Temazcal : Cenote Encantado , Cenote Encantado , 1320 Tulum , Quintana Roo , Mexico ; +525519914266 ; 4,200 pesos  $ 320  total , the company prefers a minimum of 10 persons per Temazcal  cost can be split Dos Palmas EcoTours , Playa del Carmen , Mexico ; +5298411163403 ; $ 65 per person , which includes the Temazcal as well as a visit to and a meal with a Mayan community Temazcal Cancun , Carretera Cancun-Merida , Km . 302 , Calle Flamboyan 8 , El Ramonal , Quintana Roo , Mexico , +529981688252 or +529981475723 ; call for pricing information	The two-hour ancient Temazcal experience involves sweating it out in a stone igloo A shaman chants and uses hot rocks to release pungent vapors to rid the body of hatred Aside from the spiritual aspect , the experience is said to have physical benefits
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel described his achievement of claiming a third successive Formula One crown in the country of racing legend Ayrton Senna as ` unreal ' . The Red Bull driver became the youngest ever triple world champion in the history of the sport after recovering from a disastrous start to finish sixth at the Brazilian Grand Prix . Brazilian favourite Senna , who won his home Grand Prix in 1990 and 1991 , was also a three-time world champion before his tragic death following a crash at Imola in 1994 . Victorious Vettel makes history Senna , who died at the age of just 34 , won 41 races in 161 attempts and established himself as one of the most talented drivers to have ever graced the sport . Vettel , 25 , is just the third driver in history to win three successive titles , equaling the achievements of Argentine Juan Manuel Fangio and Germany 's Michael Schumacher . He now joins the likes of Senna , Nelson Piquet , Niki Lauda , Jackie Stewart and Jack Brabham on three championship triumphs . Unreal "  To do this , for all of us in the team it is unreal , " he told reporters . "  Also to win a third title here , where one of the greatest Ayrton  Senna  came from . "  It is very difficult to imagine that I join him and other great names by winning three successive titles . "  My radio was not working , I was crying and you did n't hear that and I am very happy about that . I just ca n't find the right words to describe how I feel right now . "  Christian  Horner  came on the radio and told me the names of all the three-time champions and I cried . " Tears For much of the race it appeared that Vettel would be shedding different kind of tears following a nightmare start to the race . The German was involved in an opening lap collision with Williams ' Bruno Senna , which damaged his car and left him at the back of the grid . Fangio vs. Senna : Who is the greatest ? With his chief rival Fernando Alonso claiming second place , Vettel somehow managed to fight his way up to a sixth place finish to win the title by just three points . He added : "  I just kept trying to race . We always believed . "  I was so very happy to climb back after being hit like that at the start -- you imagine spinning backwards on the M25  British motorway  . It was not a very comfortable feeling . "  I really want to thank everyone in the team here and in the factory and all of us . Nobody feels more important than anybody else . It is unbelievable for me . "  I had to avoid everyone and I was lucky nobody hit me . Fortunately , the front wing was intact which was important . I was forced back and in the mixed conditions I was the slowest car out there on the straight . "  We just did our thing . That 's the way we do it and it works in our team . "	Sebastian Vettel wins his third consecutive Formula One title The 25-year-old becomes only third man to achieve the feat Red Bull driver now sits alongside legend Ayrton Senna on three title victories German believes winning in Senna 's country is extra special
CNN  The stark video of a South Carolina officer gunning down an apparently unarmed black man as he ran away with his back to police has prompted an equally fast-moving reaction by officials and the public alike . The video is being dissected frame by frame by authorities and media outlets , all in an effort to reconstruct what exactly happened between North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager , a five-year employee of that force , and Walter Scott , 50 . Slager , 33 , was charged Tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at Scott , killing him . Slager is also now "  terminated " from the force , North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey said Wednesday . Added police Chief Eddie Driggers on Wednesday : "  I watched the video , and I was sickened by what I saw and I have not watched it since . " Both Scott and Slager had once served in the U.S. Coast Guard , with Scott 's service occurring 1984-86 and Slager 's 2003-09 . Scott was a father of four . Slager is a father to two stepchildren , and his wife is eight months ' pregnant . Here 's what we know of the fatal shooting : Slager pulled Scott over at 9:33 a.m. Saturday for a broken taillight , according to authorities . Chief Driggers described the incident as "  traffic stop of an individual who had a minor infraction on his vehicle , a brake light being out . " A foot chase then occurred , a police report said . The video , taken by a passer-by , does n't show any vehicle . Rather , Slager and Scott are on a path or roadway in a parklike setting bordered partly by a chain-link fence . The video was shot over and through the fence . "  The officer said that Walter ran from the vehicle during the traffic stop , " Scott family attorney L. Chris Stewart said . According to the police report , Scott did not comply with the officer 's demands . Scott 's brother , Anthony Scott , said his brother had trouble with child support and had an outstanding warrant against him , but that his sibling was n't prone to violence . "  That very well could have been the reason  for running from police  , not to be arrested for the warrant that was on him for child support , " Anthony Scott said . The video begins by showing a second or two of an apparent struggle between the officer and suspect . The officer contended he used a Taser stun gun on Scott and that Scott tried to take that weapon , authorities said . But when Anthony Scott saw the video , he was convinced the officer lied , he told CNN . "  There was not a struggle for the Taser , " Anthony Scott said . "  I did n't believe my brother would have done that anyway . " The video shows Walter Scott running away , with his back to the officer . As he does so , two objects fall . One falls behind the officer . And the other falls between the two men . To Anthony Scott , the videotape shows his brother was "  running for his life " away from the officer to escape more of the Taser . "  I think my brother was thinking he was not going to be shot . No one would have thought that , " Scott said . As Walter Scott runs away , the officer pulls his service pistol and fires eight times , the video shows . As the shots are being fired , Scott keeps running away from the officer , the video shows . Scott then falls . Later in the video , when the officer approaches Scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . It 's not clear whether it is the Taser . It 's also unknown whether Scott took the officer 's Taser , or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . Immediately after Scott was shot , according to the video , someone yells , "  Put your hands behind your back ! " Scott , motionless and face-down on the ground , is handcuffed . It was Slager who apparently called police dispatch . "  226 to dispatch , shots fired , subject is down . He grabbed my Taser , " Slager told the dispatcher , according to a transcript provide by Broadcastify.com . The dispatcher notes that the subject is down at 9:38 a.m. , according to the transcript . About 90 seconds after saying that Scott "  grabbed " his Taser , the officer describes Scott as unresponsive and having wounds to the chest , right thigh and buttocks , according to the transcript . The location of the shooting is behind a pawn shop , the officer tells the dispatcher . A police report identified that shop as Mega Pawn . According to CNN affiliate WCIV-TV in Charleston , Slager initially said through his attorney , David Aylor , that he followed the appropriate policies and procedures . However , Aylor later told CNN that he was no longer representing the officer . "  Today , I withdrew my representation of Michael Slager . This is a terrible tragedy that has impacted our community , " Aylor said in a statement . Later , Anthony Scott 's mother calls him and says his brother was Tasered at a traffic stop . Anthony Scott goes to the scene and finds it curious to see police tape around his brother 's vehicle and the officer 's vehicle . He asks officers what happened . No one replies . Then Anthony Scott 's nephew tells him that "  my brother is gone , " Anthony Scott said . "  And at that , I lost it , " Anthony Scott said . An officer also apprises him later of what happened . Anthony Scott is shown the video for the first time on Sunday . "  My reaction to it was that we have to get ahold of the video and that this was key evidence , key evidence in the case , " Anthony Scott said . "  We had to get it . The country had to see this . " He felt "  a little bit of anger and happy at the same time , " the brother said . "  Based on what the video was showing , it was discrediting what the officer had initially stated , " Anthony Scott said . The nation did indeed see the video -- and was stunned by its revelations . Authorities saw it , too . Slager was denied bail at a bond hearing Tuesday night , WCIV reported . "  I have two stepchildren and one on the way , " Slager told a magistrate through video conferencing . If found guilty of murder , Slager could face up to life in prison or death . The city of North Charleston will continue to cover the insurance for the pregnancy of Slager 's wife , the mayor said . An autopsy on Scott , performed Sunday , "  revealed that Mr. Scott sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body and the manner of death was ruled ` Homicide , ' " Charleston County Coroner Rae H. Wooten said Wednesday . Anthony Scott said Wednesday that his brother was "  shot in the back four times . " The autopsy findings support family 's claims that the police used excessive use -- even if the video never existed , Anthony Scott said . "  Eventually we would have gotten to this point , but not this fast , " Anthony Scott said . "  There is absolutely no way to cover that up , " he added about the gunshot wounds to the back . North Charleston police are n't involved in the investigation into the shooting and have turned the matter over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division . The FBI is also investigating . Anthony Scott and family attorney Stewart believe the object that Officer Slager relocated at the crime scene is the Taser , they said . Stewart also accused the officer of trying to plant evidence by moving the Taser and placing it close to Walter Scott 's body . A slow-motion analysis of the tape , along with highlights of key moments , supports the family 's step-by-step interpretation of the officer 's actions , including the handling of the Taser , the attorney alleged . "  He drops the Taser , kills Mr. Scott , walks all the way back , picks something up off the ground from where he was taking the shots , comes back to the body , waits a second , drops it on the ground , and then pretends to be recovering it and putting it back on his holster , " Stewart said , referring to the Taser . "  Why we believe that is because it fits in line with his initial report of what happened out there . I mean he just committed a murder . He needed something , a justifiable reason to use lethal force , and that 's the only thing he could think of , " Stewart said . Neither Officer Slager or his attorney could be reached for comment Wednesday . Authorities are n't commenting on the details of the case while it 's under investigation . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Holly Yan , Ryan Scallan , Tristan Smith , Martin Savidge , Dana Ford , Sam Stringer , Randi Kaye , Chandler Friedman , Evan Perez , Don Lemon , Steve Brusk , John Newsome , Tony Marco and Christie Bear contributed to this report .	Victim 's brother says he felt "  anger and happy at the same time " upon seeing video Officer Michael Slager pulls over Scott at 9:33 a.m. Saturday Video shows the officer firing eight times as Scott runs away , with his back to police
CNN  -- Tomas Berdych has launched a scathing attack on the time limit rule in tennis following his victory against Germany 's Tobias Kamke at the Dubai Open Wednesday . The World No. 6 is a fierce critic of the new 25-second time rule , which has reduced the permitted pause in between rallies by five seconds . The Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  , which runs the men 's tour , introduced the change at the start of the year in a bid to give umpires greater powers . Czech Berdych , who lost out in the final of the Marseille Open last Sunday , has been warned against time wasting on several occasions in recent weeks . Federer eyes grand slam titles in 2013 The new rule is supposed to make the game more entertaining for spectators and speed up a sport where the average contest has only 20 minutes of action in an hour . But Berdych , who was clearly suffering with fatigue following his exertions 4,800 kilometers away in France , says the rule needs modifying . "  I do n't like it . I 'm not a fan of it . I do n't see any single reason why to have this rule , " he told reporters . "  What could be positive on this ? What could work ? What could be advantage ? "  I get like a six or seven  warnings  in Chennai and then I did not get one in Marseille and now I just get only warning . So I 'm improving . Tsonga and Ferrer battle to title wins "  It should be clearer what 's going on , because the referee has so much power on you . "  He can do whatever he wants . If you have like 25  seconds  and he has a bad day , or he does n't like you , it 's 24 and you go . "  I mean , it 's so simple . Let 's put the clock there and then everybody goes by the clock . Simple as that if they want to go straight . " Berdych clearly struggled to adapt to the heat and wind in the Gulf , saving 12 break points and dropping serve twice before prevailing 7-5 6-1 to make the last eight . Elsewhere , Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko reached the quarterfinals with a 6-4 7-6 win over Victor Hanescu of Romania . But third seed Mikhail Youhzny suffered a shock 6-4 6-4 defeat in his clash with qualifier Daniel Brands . The qualifier , who reached the semifinals of the Qatar Open , will now take on Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will play Italy 's Andreas Seppi following a straight sets win over Roberto Bautista . How women cracked tennis ' glass ceiling Meanwhile , top seed and former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki was dumped out of the Malaysia Open Wednesday following a shock defeat by qualifier Wang Qiang . Wozniacki , who had been suffering with a high temperature Tuesday , looked in clear discomfort during the 2-6 7-6 6-1 defeat . "  I tried my best but I just did n't have energy . I did n't take my opportunities , " the world number 10 told reporters . "  I called for the doctor and the physio to massage my legs . Not much more they could do . I hope to come back again next year . " Wang , who is ranked 189th in the world , revealed she was keen to take advantage of Wozniacki 's problems . "  I tried to make her run more to take advantage of her illness and it paid off . This is the best win of my career and it will give me more confidence , " the 21-year-old told reporters .	World No. 6 Tomas Berdych has criticized the new time wasting rule Players only permitted to have a 25 second break in between rallies The new rule has cut the break by five seconds to encourage more entertainment Berdych wants changes and modifications to current rule
CNN  Every day , images of war and conflict are splashed across our desktops , plastered on our TV screens and scattered through our mobile news feeds . Because of that , one 's response to such imagery often becomes calloused or desensitized . This concept of "  how we digest images of war through mainstream media outlets , " was what drove photographer Simon Brann Thorpe to begin his project "  Toy Soldiers . " This idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of Western Sahara , a long-disputed region of northwestern Africa . Thorpe uses the area 's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines -- similar to the popular toys that many children play with . The soldiers are with the Polisario Front , an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s . Thorpe said his project enables "  the creation of a visual metaphor from which a viewer develops their own emotional , physical and political response to war and conflict , when faced with the realization that the images do not contain toy soldiers but real soldiers . " Thorpe 's background was not in photojournalism , but in landscape photography , which lends to his powerful placement of the soldiers in the desert -- not to mention that all the locations chosen are historic locations of battles between Morocco and the Polisario Front . "  The conflict in Western Sahara receives virtually zero coverage despite 2015 being the 40th anniversary of the outbreak of war there , " Thorpe said . After a ceasefire in 1991 , the people of Western Sahara have been living in a state of non-resolution . The people are split into two camps -- those living in Moroccan-occupied territory , and those in refugee camps in Algeria . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Thorpe had to get clearance to work with the Polisario Front military and also had to be cautious of how many troops he moved about at one time -- otherwise he would have needed permission from the United Nations . He usually worked with about 50 or 60 soldiers at a time . The autumn months did not offer much reprieve from the long hours in the sweltering desert sun . Thorpe would work with the troops ' commander to position the men , then climb atop sandy mountains with his wide-angle lens and capture these striking images . They would work till dusk and then spend the night under the stars . Not only were the soldiers willing participants for this project , but they also helped construct the platforms they stood on . Thorpe said they were made out of old oil drums . After the elaborate five-week production , Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on "  how images of war  will  be consumed in the future with ever-diminishing attention spans and competition for them . " Simon Brann Thorpe 's "  Toy Soldiers " book is available for pre-order through Dewi Lewis Publishing . You can follow Thorpe on Twitter , Instagram and Facebook .	Simon Brann Thorpe 's project makes real-life soldiers resemble toy soldiers He shot the images in Western Sahara , a disputed region of northwestern Africa
CNN  -- Americans should avoid buying treatments for the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu , online , the Food and Drug Administration warned . FDA has warned Americans away from online H1N1 medication and toward regulated distribution points . "  Products that are offered for sale online with claims to diagnose , prevent , mitigate , treat or cure the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus must be carefully evaluated , " FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said . The FDA issued the warning Thursday after it had purchased products over the Internet that were supposed to be Tamiflu and analyzed them . Tamiflu is one of two approved anti-viral treatments for H1N1 . The other is Relenza . None of the products received by the FDA were approved for sale in the United States , and they contained various levels of oseltamivir phosphate , the drug in Tamiflu . "  Medicines purchased from Web sites operating outside the law put consumers at increased risk due to a higher potential that the products will be counterfeit , impure , contaminated or have too little or too much of the active ingredient , " Hamburg said . In addition , the products did not arrive soon enough to treat someone infected with H1N1 , or who had been exposed to the virus .	FDA issued the warning after it had purchased products over the Internet The products received by FDA were not approved for U.S. sale Agency : Meds purchased from unreliable sources put consumers at risk
CNN  -- Ariel Castro was indicted Friday on 329 counts for allegedly kidnapping and holding captive three young women in his Cleveland house for 10 years , authorities said . One charge accuses the 52-year-old Castro of aggravated murder for purposely causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy , authorities said . One of the young women was allegedly impregnated five times by Castro , and another bore a child fathered by him , police have said . The indictment charges Castro with 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , seven counts of gross sexual imposition , three counts of felonious assault and one count of possession of criminal tools , Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty said in a statement . Castro will be arraigned next week , authorities said . The charges cover only half of the 10 years the three young were held captive -- from August 2002 , when the first of three women disappeared off a Cleveland street , to February 2007 . The three women were freed last month after one shouted for help while Castro was gone from the house . The prosecutor 's capital review committee will consider whether the case is appropriate for seeking the death penalty once the indictment process is complete , the prosecutor 's statement said . "  Today 's indictments represent a first major step in the criminal justice process , " McGinty said in a statement . "  Our investigation continues , and we will present our findings to the grand jury . " The indictment alleges that Castro taped the legs and mouth of one woman identified as Jane Doe 2 and also chained her to a pole in the basement with a motorcycle helmet placed on her head . Castro also allegedly used a vacuum cord around her neck during a felonious assault and chained her to inside of a van , the indictment said . Castro allegedly used chains and tape in the basement to restrain another woman identified as Jane Doe 3 , the indictment said . The victims were earlier identified by police as Michelle Knight , abducted at age 21 in August 2002 ; Amanda Berry , abducted at age 16 in April 2003 and who has a 6-year-old daughter by Castro ; and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , who was 14 when kidnapped in 2004 . Jim Wooley , attorney for Berry and DeJesus , and Kathy Joseph , attorney for Michelle Knight , expressed satisfaction with the indictment . "  We have a great legal system , plus confidence and faith in the prosecutor 's office and its decisions . Now , we need to stand back and let the judicial process unfold , " the attorneys said in a statement .	NEW : Attorneys for three kidnapped women have "  confidence and faith " in prosecution NEW : Indictment lists use of chains , tape , vacuum cord against women Castro also faces 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , one aggravated murder charge A prosecutor 's committee will later consider whether seeking death penalty is appropriate
MAVEN has arrived in Mars 's orbit after traveling 442 million miles in the course of 10 months to get there . It wo n't land on the red planet but instead study Mars ' atmosphere from above to answer questions about its climate change , NASA says . NASA 's MAVEN craft will live up to its formal name -- the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution craft -- by helping scientists figure out how ancient Mars changed so dramatically into the planet we know today . It is the first mission devoted to studying the upper Martian atmosphere as a key to understanding the history of Mars ' climate , water and habitability . Mars rover reaches key destination ; ` new science ahead ! ' "  The evidence shows that the Mars atmosphere today is a cold , dry environment , one where liquid water really ca n't exist in a stable state , " said Bruce Jakosky , MAVEN principal investigator , during a mission preview briefing last week at NASA headquarters in Washington . "  But it also tells us when we look at older surfaces , that the ancient surfaces had liquid water flowing over it . " So where did the planet 's water and carbon dioxide go ? Jakosky said MAVEN will help unravel that mystery by using its scientific instruments to measure the composition and escape of gases in the Martian atmosphere . MAVEN is to study the top of the atmosphere to determine the extent to which losing gas to space might have been the driving mechanism behind climate change , Jakosky said . MAVEN has company out near Mars , man-made and otherwise . India 's first mission to the Red Planet , the Mars Orbiter Mission , is set to arrive a few days after MAVEN does . The director of NASA 's Planetary Science Division , Jim Green , says the United States and India are interested in cooperating as their crafts gather data about the planet . There 's a visitor of the cosmic kind , too . Comet Sliding Spring , which was discovered last year , will be closest to Mars about four weeks after MAVEN arrives . The comet is going to miss Mars by about 81,000 miles , said Jakosky . "  I 'm told that the odds of having an approach that close to Mars are about one-in-a-million years , " he said , adding that dust from the comet carries only a "  relatively minimal " risk to the spacecraft . MAVEN will take advantage of the rare flyby by observing the comet itself , as well as its effect on the Martian atmosphere . Interactive : Exploring Mars from Viking to MAVEN	MAVEN wo n't land on the surface but study Mars ' atmosphere from its orbit Why did ancient Mars change so dramatically ? MAVEN sent to get answers MAVEN stands for Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution craft Mars will be having plenty of other visitors : a spacecraft from India and a comet
WEST HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- We halfway expect the four members of Kings of Leon to roll into Bar 1200 drunk and brawling , a burly tour manager leading them in by the scruff of their necks . Kings of Leon is a family affair , consisting of three brothers and their cousin . Instead , a uniformed valet ushers them in , one by one , offering each a flute of champagne -- which Caleb Followill , the singer , and Nathan Followill , the drummer , politely accept . "  We have a bunch of rooms at the hotel , and the valet came with the floor , " they explain , shaking their heads in amazement . The hipster lounge we 've gathered in is in the lobby of the Sunset Marquis in West Hollywood , California . A framed black-and-white photo of the Kings hangs in a spot of honor : closest to the bar . It 's autographed , with a inscription that reads , "  Scene of the crime ! " Kings of Leon 's fourth album , "  Only by the Night , " has sold 5 million copies worldwide and spun off three hit singles , catapulting the group into that elite fraternity of bona fide rock bands that enjoy airplay on both pop and rock stations . These days , the Followill four -- brothers Caleb , Nathan and Jared , along with their cousin , Matthew -- are fulfilling the promise that so many critics predicted early in their career . Their majestic , tension-filled brand of Southern garage rock has its roots in , of all things , the church . The brothers ' dad , Ivan , was a traveling Pentecostal preacher who led raucous , revivalist-style congregations . Both he and his father went by the name Leon . His boys have carried on in his road warrior tradition . The stage is their pulpit , their congregation , 20,000-seat arenas . The following is an edited version of our interview . CNN : It 's been a great couple of years for you . Do you feel your lives have changed ? Caleb Followill : Absolutely . It 's just a strange thing for us , because we 've had success in the past , but a great majority of it has n't been in America . And when it starts to happen in America , you turn into a wild person again . "  Oh , let 's party ! " CNN : Is it really true that you guys can consume more alcohol than any other band out there on the road ? Jared Followill : Collectively , it 's a possibility . Caleb : I mean , we can consume more alcohol than any other popular band that actually works . As soon as we say "  thank you " and "  good night , " that means it 's time for us to have fun . We 're sober in the mornings . Most mornings . CNN : Are you sober now ? Caleb : Yes . Nathan Followill : Not really .  Laugh CNN : You guys are also famous for your fights . Rolling Stone had two of you at each other 's throats . A $ 7,000 mirror was apparently involved -- Caleb : And we were so mad about what they said that we got into a big fight . Nah , I 'm kidding . A lot of the stories that come out about us fighting absolutely are n't true . CNN : Are all of you still in your 20s ? Nathan : I cracked the 30s ! June 26th . Caleb : We 're about to Menudo his ass and get someone younger . CNN : You grew up with religion at the center of your life . How do you think it 's worked its way into what you do now and what we hear coming out of the stereo ? Caleb : I grew up with my dad as a preacher , and so you hear Bible verses . I 've always looked at the Bible as poetry , so I kind of learned to write in that style from time to time . And a lot of people misconstrued that as me trying to push something on someone . We 're all sinners . Looks at Nathan  Look at him drinking the devil 's grape juice .  The others chuckle CNN : You played music when you were growing up , but it was associated with the church . Nathan : It was more like black gospel music , like Aretha Franklin , Al Green -- fun music to play . Most people hear , "  Oh , you played in church , " and they picture an organ , and just very quiet . It was very lively and wild . Caleb : The thing that inspired me about the music we grew on is that it was human music . The people that got up to play , they basically just got up there and told the story of what happened to them that day . Nathan : It was like the blues . With a little Jesus . Caleb :  demonstrates by imitating a blues singer  "  Today , I went to Walmart . Da da da da . I saw someone walking down the aisle , da da da da . " For me , it was inspiring . I thought , "  Man , I want to make up some songs . " CNN : On your current album , "  Only by the Night , " your music has gotten bigger and more anthemic . Can we attribute that to the time you 've spent hanging out with U2 ? Caleb : We spent a big chunk as the opening band for U2 and Bob Dylan and Pearl Jam -- and when we walked out into these venues , let 's face it , there might have been 200 people in a 20,000-seat venue . And so we would start playing our songs , and when we 'd play it , it would sound bigger than anything we 'd ever heard , because it was bouncing off the walls . So then we 'd start to soundcheck in all these big places , and the songs started to build . But you never know . The next one could be raw and dirty and gritty and really small . We like to keep people guessing . CNN : How did your parents react to your saying , "  Hey , Mom and Dad , I want to be in a rock band . " Caleb : They took it pretty well . They supported us pretty good . We had to lie our way through it a little bit . Matthew 's family did n't know he was actually going to be in the band . We told them he was going to spend the summer with us but -- Matthew Followill : Never came home . CNN : Right now , your dad is on the road with you , Matthew . Matthew : Yeah , he 's only out for a couple of shows . Our family always comes to hang out . CNN : Looks like you 'd better get him some sunscreen . He 's a little red . Caleb : That 's not from sun . That 's actually from alcohol . He gets really red in the face after a long bender .	Kings of Leon sold 5 million copies worldwide of CD "  Only by the Night " Group of brothers and cousin started out playing in church Now band is enjoying fruits of their labors , opening for U2 , Bob Dylan , Pearl Jam Many stories of fights "  are n't true , " one member says
Wired  -- This is a selfie made of blood . Yes , real , straight-from-veins-of-a-human blood . The human you 're looking at is Ted Lawson , an artist living in Brooklyn . These are his first blood paintings . Lawson created the works for an upcoming exhibition , The Map Is Not the Territory , opening September 11 at the Joseph Gross Gallery in NYC , and it should be noted that he did n't originally set out to paint with his vital fluids . Then again , who does ? The whole weird thing came about as a larger investigation into how Lawson could use a CNC milling machine in new ways to create his artworks . You 'll notice the blood is actually dispensed onto a brush controlled by the CNC 's robotic arm . One day as an experiment , Lawson hooked up a pen to the CNC machine 's arm to see how it might draw . It drew really well ! "  I was doing a drawing of the moon and thought , ` Oh , this could be really cool to do in my own blood , " he recalls . "  It was a logical progression . " Any logicality involving drawing with your own blood is debatable , but Lawson persisted and adapted his process to replace traditional ink with body ink . To make his selfie , Lawson began by taking a photo of himself in the nude . In Illustrator he rendered the photo into vectors then used Rhino to turn the art into code that the CNC machine could read . Lawson hooked himself up to a needle and funneled his blood into the machine like one might do with ink . The machine dispensed lines of blood , creating a pixelated version of Lawson 's original photo . "  If you 're right up close to it , you can almost see the lines of code , " he says of the artwork . Blood Is n't an Easy Medium The issue with blood , or any other liquid for that matter , is that it tends to pool on paper . To combat this , Lawson constructed a completely flat table and used a vacuum to suck the paper against it as tightly as possible . This allowed the blood to dispense evenly onto the paper , reducing the risk of globbing . After the paintings were finished , Lawson sprayed them with an acrylic fixative $ " "  So they do n't rot , " he notes . There 's a trick to making a good blood painting . Lawson 's involves lots of water and a pre blood-letting cheeseburger . "  I found that fatty foods make for a nicer flow , " he explains . Lots of practice helps , too . Lawson experimented with making two full-sized selfies before he finished the final painting . The selfie painting took around three hours to complete , but Lawson says the total blood used is probably less than what you 'd regularly donate . Despite describing himself as squeamish when it comes to blood and needles , the artist has found that if you stick a needle in your arm enough times , it gets easier to ignore . "  Blood is just a medium , " he says . "  When you focus on something other than yourself , like making a drawing , it becomes ink and stops being blood . " More from Wired : The mystery of go , the ancient game that computers still ca n't win 30 years after Chernobyl 's meltdown , gripping photos expose the human fallout I liked everything I saw on Facebook for two days . Here 's what It did to me Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Ted Lawson uses a robot to print selfies -- using his blood in place of ink The Brooklyn-based artist uses a computer-controlled arm to paint his blood onto a canvas He calls the new technique a "  logical progression "
Washington  CNN  -- On its face , the political showdown over extending long-term unemployment benefits to 1.3 million Americans is about offering a lifeline to those struggling to recover from a job market that has n't caught up to the recovering economy . But just below the surface is a political fight that will continue into the midterm elections in November . Democrats say they 're trying to help Americans struggling to pay their bills until they get back on their feet and that failing to pass an extension will tank the economic recovery . Republicans say they , too , want to help , but want to offset the $ 6.4 billion price tag with cuts elsewhere . They also argue such extensions are a disincentive to looking for work . Caught in between are those who lost their benefits because of Congress ' failure to act late last year . Why have unemployment benefits become a battle ? On Tuesday , a Democratic bill that would provide the three-month extension cleared its first hurdle in the Senate with the help of a handful of Republicans . In an effort to help end a budget stalemate and avoid another government shutdown like the one in October , leaders in both parties last month agreed to a deal that funded the government but excluded an extension of jobless benefits . As a result , Congress did not continue a 2008 recession-era law providing nearly a year of payments , footed by U.S. taxpayers , that kicked in when state jobless benefits ran out . Democrats promised to take up the issue as soon as they returned after their holiday recess , but Republicans said they saw no reason to rush to preserve the benefits until it was time to make a deal . "  I have to admit I am a little surprised at the fervor with which the majority is dedicated to reviving the expired emergency unemployment benefits after they ignored the issue all of last year , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said during debate on the Senate floor on Tuesday . Democrats do seem to be playing it both ways  $ " taking credit for engineering the economic recovery , but claiming that the economy is still too fragile to withstand changes to assistance programs . The White House also pointed out that Republicans who voted for a similar jobless benefits extension since 2008 now oppose it . Republicans have blamed President Barack Obama for the slow pace of the economic recovery on the one hand while claiming that the economy is now stable enough to withstand the impact of letting people go without benefits . Democrats feel like they are in a win-win position on jobless benefits  $ " if they win this fight , they are the champions of those struggling to recover from the Great Recession ; if they lose , they can blame the Republicans . The issue also can energize their base going into the midterms . Extending benefits is a priority for congressional Democrats and Obama , who is trying to make income equality a centerpiece of his second term . Republicans want to keep the focus on the disastrous rollout of the President 's signature health care reform law and wield it in the midterm campaigns . The broader argument over the divide between the haves and have-nots will rage on through the midterms . However , conservatives are n't ceding the issue of income disparity to Democrats . Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky have both made addressing poverty part of their tentative explorations into possible 2016 presidential bids . The political war over poverty In remarks after the Senate vote , Obama noted that members of Congress have not yet passed the jobless benefits bill itself . "  All they 've agreed to , so far , is that we 're actually going to be able to have a vote on it , " he told supporters in a speech at the White House . "  We have got to get this across the finish line without obstruction or delay . " Still , he achieved a major step on the path toward his goal when 60 senators -- including six Republicans -- voted Tuesday to move ahead with debate on the measure . "  Today brought us a glimmer of hope , " said Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , after the vote . "  It shows that the big plates -- the tectonic plates in our politics -- are moving . " But House Speaker John Boehner said he told Obama a month ago that another extension of temporary emergency unemployment benefits "  should not only be paid for but include something to help put people back to work . To date , the president has offered no such plan . If he does , I 'll be happy to discuss it , but right now the House is going to remain focused on growing the economy and giving America 's unemployed the independence that only comes from finding a good job . " The 60 yea votes were the minimum needed to allow debate to go forward and avoid a filibuster in the Senate . Democrats got help from Republicans Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire ; Dan Coats of Indiana ; Susan Collins of Maine ; Dean Heller of Nevada ; Lisa Murkowski of Alaska ; and Rob Portman of Ohio . Obama : Extend unemployment insurance Obama was introduced before his remarks at the White House by Katherine Hackett , of Moodus , Connecticut , who wrote to the President last month , explaining that she is unemployed and had been forced to cut back on food and home heating . "  I have cut expenses everywhere possible , " she said , adding that she wears a coat inside her house to keep down heating bills . Both her sons serve in the military , she said . "  I hope our leaders in Washington can find a solution to help families like mine , " Hackett pleaded . Obama appealed to Congress and the rest of the nation to do just that . "  These are your neighbors , your friends , your family members , " Obama said . "  When times get tough , we are not a people who say , ` You 're on your own . ' We are people who believe we 're all in it together , and we know , there but for the grace of God go I. " Republican Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois said he wants to help people , but insisted Congress must find a way to pay for the measure . "  I , obviously , have people in my state who would benefit . The better way to go is to not add to the deficit in an irresponsible way , " Kirk said . "  I want us to get on the bill so we can talk about an offset to pay for it , " Collins said . "  Ultimately , I think we should restructure the unemployment compensation program so it 's more closely linked to job training for the long-term unemployed whose jobs probably are not coming back . " In the run up to the vote , conservative interests were applying heavy pressure . New year , same old fight over jobless benefits The Club for Growth had urged all senators to vote "  no " on the proposal and cited the lack of spending offsets . "  Congress should end the federal unemployment insurance program and return the authority back to the states , which already have programs in place , " the group said . "  Absent this , Congress should pay for this extension by cutting spending elsewhere in the budget . After six years , an extension can no longer be called an 'em ergency ' with any credibility . There is plenty of waste in the federal budget from which to find an offset , " it said . The U.S. unemployment rate stood at 7 % in November , the most recent Labor Department statistics show . That means more than 10 million people were out of work , a third of them for at least 27 weeks . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	The benefits extension is year 's first partisan showdown in Congress The debate over unemployment and poverty foreshadows midterms Bald politics at play as both parties try to score points
Militants allied with al Qaeda fired rockets at Yemen 's largest military airbase Thursday , claiming they were aiming at U.S. targets at the facility . Ansar al Sharia , an al Qaeda affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack , saying on Twitter that its fighters targeted the U.S. section within Al Anad airbase in retaliation for attempts the United States made to rescue American hostage Luke Somers . Yemeni Defense Ministry officials said six rockets were fired at the airbase in the country 's southwest . They could n't give an exact number of casualties but said some Yemeni troops were wounded . No militants were reported to have been captured or killed in the aftermath of the attack . One rocket exploded near an oil storage facility , which resulted in a fire but no major damages . The rockets missed their intended targets , a Yemeni Defense Ministry official said . Somers and another hostage , South African Pierre Korkie , were both killed in a failed U.S. military raid on militants over the weekend .	Ansar al Sharia , an al Qaeda affiliate , claims responsibility for the attack Yemeni Defense Ministry officials say some of their troops were wounded
CNN  -- It 's been a great week for Cleveland . On Monday , the Republican National Committee announced its intention to hold the 2016 GOP convention in Cleveland . Then on Friday , LeBron James said he was "  coming home " to the Cavaliers . While sports analysts have universally praised the decision by "  King James , " political observers have not been as kind to the Republicans . The consensus is that the location of political conventions does n't affect elections . To a degree , this conclusion is supported by the political science literature , particularly a 2004 study by Richard Powell at the University of Maine , which found that parties gained no significant electoral benefits in states where they held conventions . One has to be careful , however , about reading too much into these past election results . After all , we only have one presidential election every four years . That means in the last 50 years , we have only 13 data points . Since each party holds a convention , perhaps that number can be doubled . Still , when looking at conventions , there is the additional problem of looking at all states as if they were equal . More than half of the 26 conventions held since 1964 , however , occurred in only four states  Florida , New York , California and Texas  . Moreover , the convention in Cleveland will be just the start of a major investment of time and money by the GOP in the Buckeye State . Clearly this was not the case in New York and Massachusetts , for example , where the Republicans and Democrats held their conventions in 2004 . While it is true that the outcome of the 2016 race will not be determined solely by where the political conventions are held , this early choice might help Republicans at the margins . In our 50-50 nation , anything that moves the needle , even slightly , in one direction or the other , is important -- especially if that movement is in Ohio . It is very difficult to construct a plausible winning 2016 electoral map for Republicans that does not include Ohio . It is difficult to exaggerate just how evenly divided the two major parties are in Ohio . For example , if one adds up all the Democratic votes for president between 2000 and 2012 , and then compares that number to all the corresponding Republican votes during that same period , the difference is only about 150,000 votes out of more than 21 million cast . This comes out to a difference of less than 1 % . There is no reason to think , therefore , that the election wo n't be very close in Ohio in 2016 . And this is where the choice of Cleveland becomes very interesting . For Republicans , the path to victory in Ohio runs directly through what Ohioans call the "  three C 's " : Cleveland , Columbus and Cincinnati . More accurately , the election depends on the final tallies in the three counties that contain these cities : Cuyahoga  Cleveland  , Franklin  Columbus  and Hamilton  Cincinnati  . These are by far the three largest counties in the state , which , taken together , account for nearly 30 % of the population of Ohio . If , on election night in 2012 , you began tabulating the vote in Ohio using these counties first , Republicans would have been seen as starting out behind by 413,590 votes . Working though the remaining 85 counties , the Republicans were not able to overcome this deficit , though they narrowed the gap to 166,272 votes . In comparison , the last time Republicans won Ohio  2004  , Democrats came out of these three urban counties ahead by only 252,594 votes . It is not that Republicans have to actually win in any of these counties to win Ohio  they lost two out of three in 2004  . They just have to narrow their losses . The problem for the GOP is that the trend is getting worse . Even though President Obama 's margin of victory in Ohio dropped by almost 100,000 votes between 2008 and 2012 , the Republican vote gap in these three countries increased by nearly 10,000 votes . Republicans simply can not hope to win Ohio if they continue to do worse and worse in the three largest counties . But can the GOP use a Cleveland convention to turn this tide ? Simply selecting Cleveland over the other finalist , Dallas -- pierogies over porterhouses -- sends a good message to the thousands of working-class voters who live in these counties . The millions of dollars that will flow into the coffers of Cleveland and Cuyahoga County because of the convention will also not hurt . Finally , there is a wild card that is precisely the kind of nuance that is often passed over by statistical analyses of past election results . A convention in Cleveland will allow the Ohio GOP to remind Cuyahoga County voters , and urban voters throughout Ohio , that they once supported Republicans . Without a doubt former Ohio governor , senator , and perhaps most importantly , Cleveland mayor , Republican George Voinovich , will be prominently featured in his home city convention . It bears noting that Voinovich carried all three counties during both his gubernatorial campaigns . In the end , the analysts may be right and , despite holding their convention in Ohio , Republicans will still lose both Ohio and the national election in 2016 . Hillary Clinton , the likely Democratic nominee , is very popular in Ohio . On the other hand , if Republicans do manage to capture both the state and the White House , it will be hard to not give some credit to the GOP leaders who decided to take their convention to Cleveland . And although it is too early to speculate , we should not discount the fact that two Ohioans , Sen. Rob Portman and Gov. John Kasich , have at least a shot at standing on the stage in Cleveland accepting their party 's nomination for president . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Paul Sracic : The selection of Cleveland to host the GOP convention makes a lot of sense Ohio has been a key state in presidential elections , and every little bit helps , he says Three counties -- Cuyahoga , Franklin , Hamilton -- will likely determine the next president
CNN  -- Tourists visiting an Egyptian resort have been warned to be alert after a series of shark attacks that have left one woman dead and several people seriously injured . The German woman died Sunday after being attacked by a shark in waters off Sharm el-Sheikh , prompting Egypt 's tourism ministry to close the beach until the animal responsible is found . Thousands of tourists flock to Sharm el-Sheikh each year , attracted by its warm climate and clear waters , but the UK Foreign Office on Monday amended its travel advice for people visiting the area . A statement on its website read : "  Attacks by oceanic white tip sharks are extremely rare and shark attacks of any kind are very unusual in the Red Sea . "  If you are considering diving or snorkelling in any of the Red Sea resorts be aware that safety standards of diving operators can vary considerably . "  A basic rule is never to dive or snorkel unaccompanied . Where possible make any bookings through your tour representative . "  Unusually cheap operators may not provide adequate safety and insurance standards . " Tour operators Thomson and First Choice also warned holiday-makers about the shark attacks . "  We are treating the situation very seriously and are advising all of our customers not to swim in the sea at Sharm el-Sheikh , " a statement said . "  We have also cancelled all water-based excursions until further notice . " After the attacks authorities ordered people to stay out of the water around Sharm el-Sheikh . On Thursday , the Environment Ministry said two sharks suspected of the maulings were caught . Jochen Van Lysebettens , general operations manager of the Red Sea Diving College in Sharm el-Sheikh , said employees at the Hyatt Regency resort told him the attack happened about noon  5 a.m. ET  in a protected swim area off the resort . Van Lysebettens has three dive-instruction operations in the area , including one at the Hyatt Regency . The 70-year-old woman , a regular guest at the resort , was snorkeling near a reef when she was attacked , he said . She called for help , and a lifeguard brought her to shore , but she had lost too much blood and resuscitation efforts failed , Van Lysebettens said . The woman 's arm and leg were severed , he said . A British tourist described witnessing one of the shark attacks . Ellen Barnes , 31 , of Horsham , West Sussex , told The Sun newspaper : "  The water was churning like I was in a washing machine . I was being thrown around in the blood . " After the Sunday incident , the Chamber of Diving and Watersports called on its members in the region "  to stop any snorkeling activities happening from any boats or shore . " The chamber is under the umbrella of the Egyptian Tourist Federation . Van Lysebettens said all tourists were ordered to stay out of the water at least through Monday . The dive community is organizing volunteer expeditions to find the shark , he said , and about 40 people will search Monday . On Friday , two sharks were caught and killed near the South Sinai National Park on the Sharm el-Sheikh coast , according to the Chamber of Diving and Watersports . The chamber said that as of Friday , the condition of three injured snorkelers -- two Russian women and a man from the Ukraine -- were unchanged . One of them was critical , the chamber said in a statement , but did not say which one . The three were attacked in a 24-hour period November 30 and December 1 , the chamber said . Van Lysebettens said he is not a marine biologist , but many have speculated an oceanic white-tipped shark was responsible for the German woman 's death , as well as the other attacks . Divers are upset because the two sharks killed Friday are thought to be innocent . They were a mako shark and another oceanic white-tipped shark -- which did not match pictures taken by someone accompanying one of the injured snorkelers , he said . Officials at the national park did not provide details on "  why the animals could not be relocated to remote waters as was previously suggested , " the chamber 's statement said , adding it "  does not wish to see any harm to any further sharks . " Exploratory dives were taking place on Friday , Van Lysebettens said . Officials are not sure what triggered the feeding behavior , described as highly unusual . "  This incident has clearly shocked our community , and the CDWS is continuing its investigation into why this may have happened , " Hesham Gabr , head of the Chamber of Diving and Watersports , said in the statement . "  It is clear from our initial discussions with shark behavioral experts that this highly unusual spate of attacks by an oceanic white tip shark was triggered by an activity , most probably illegal fishing or feeding in the area . " Several divers in the area saw carcasses of dead sheep in the water last week , Van Lysebettens said . It 's not known how they got there , he said , but they could have washed out to sea or fallen off a boat . The shark may have been attracted by the carcass , he said , and could now be attacking slow-moving things on the water 's surface . CNN 's Brian Walker and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Tourists visiting Egyptian resort warned to be alert after shark attacks German woman killed in Sunday 's attack ; beaches closed until shark is found 3 snorkelers injured previously ; 2 sharks have been caught and killed Volunteer expedition will leave on Monday to hunt the shark
Halle , Belgium  CNN  -- At least 18 people died and 162 were hurt when two trains collided in Halle on Monday , a government spokeswoman said . The trains collided head-on at 8:30 a.m. , the companies that run the Belgian railways and the train said . The cause of the accident is not known , according to the railway operator , Infrabel , and SNCB , the train operator . Authorities do not believe there is anyone else on the trains , said Anya De Wols , spokeswoman for the province of Flemish Brabant . But they have not ruled out the possibility bodies could be pinned beneath the train cars , she said , and they plan to lift the cars from the track by Tuesday . Also on Tuesday , investigators will collect personal effects , such as wallets , from the scene to help identify the victims , she said . Send your pictures , videos , stories A Belgian government spokesman , Bart Ouvry , said it was snowing at the time of the crash , but not an unusual amount . People were thrown against the walls of the trains by the impact , said Emily Divinagracia , whose husband , Stephan Riviere , was a passenger . He was awakened by the impact , she said he told her by phone minutes after the accident . It took about 30 minutes for rescue crews to arrive , and some passengers did not immediately know there had been a collision , she said . "  He was actually getting the news from me , because they did n't know much on their side and it was all a bit disorganized , obviously , because nobody expected this sort of thing to happen , " she said . Riviere was not badly injured , his wife said . The injured were being treated at a sports center near the scene of the accident , the Belga news agency reported . Fifty-five of them were taken to hospitals , while more than a hundred others had minor injuries , De Wols said . The crash took place during morning rush hour when people were on their way to work , Belga journalist Eric Vidal said from the scene . Pictures showed people being taken from the crash site by stretcher as snow fell . Passengers who were not hurt in the crash were taken away by bus , according to Vidal . He said people had come to the station to try to find family members who may have been involved in the crash . Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme is on his way back from Kosovo , Albania , and would visit the scene of the crash , his office said . The Justice Ministry is in charge of the investigation , Leterme 's office added . The crash caused disruption to parts of the wider rail network in northern Europe . Eurostar suspended high-speed train services between London , England , and Brussels , Belgium , the company announced , and did not expect the trains to run for the rest of the day . London-to-Paris services were not affected , the company said , but there were delays on the service to Lille in northern France close to the border with Belgium . Thalys , which operates high-speed trains across much of northern Europe , announced that services were fully suspended all day , affecting travel to Brussels from Paris , France ; Amsterdam , Netherlands ; and Cologne , Germany . The company urged passengers planning to travel this week to check its Web site , www.thalys.com , before starting their trips . The French high-speed train operator TGV Europe announced that its Brussels-bound services were going only as far as Lille . Eight people died in a train crash in Belgium in March 2001 , media reports said at the time , calling it the worst rail accident in the country in 25 years . Investigators later suggested the two trains collided because of confusion between a French-speaking signalman and a Flemish-speaking one . Belgium is divided between speakers of the two languages . Monday 's crash is one of the deadliest train accidents in Europe since at least 41 people were killed in the Balkan nation of Montenegro in 2006 . At least 180 passengers also were injured when a train derailed and plunged down an embankment outside the capital , Podgorica . CNN 's Jessica Hartogs , Cristina Lynch , Claudia Rebaza , Nick Hunt and Abey Benga contributed to this report .	The cause of the crash on Monday morning not immediately clear Official : 18 people dead , 162 people injured by crash News agency : Wounded treated at a sports center near the scene of the accident The crash has caused disruption to parts of the wider rail network in Europe
CNN  -- Hungary are through to the under-20 World Cup semifinals after a dramatic 3-2 victory over Italy in Suez in a match which saw four players sent off , three for the Italians , the official FIFA Web site has reported . Krisztian Nemeth  right  scored two goals in extra time to see Hungary through in a dramatic quaterfinal . The game began in dramatic circumstances when Italy defender Matteo Gentili shoved Liverpool striker Krisztian Nemeth in the penalty area in the opening minute . Hungary captainr Vladimir Koman sent Vincenzo Fiorillo the wrong way from the spot to give Hungary an early lead -- the quickest goal of the tournament so far . Both sides missed a host of chances to add to the scoreline , until Italy 's chances took a turn for the worse when Gentili hauled down Nemeth again with 19 minutes remaining to collect a second yellow card . Despite the man disadvantage , Italy rallied and levelled in the 82nd minute when substitute Giacomo Bonaventura threaded a delightful throughball to Antonio Mazzotta in the box and the left-back finished superbly . Italy were reduced to nine men two minutes later when Francesco Bini was given a straight red card for kicking out at Koman . However , the two-men numerical disadvantage did not last long as Adrian Szekeres was also dismissed for what appeared to be an elbow on Mattia Mustachio . The match went into extra time and in the 112th minute , Koman found Nemeth with a delightful pass and the striker made no mistake . Remarkably though , just a minute later Italy equalized again when Giacomo Bonaventura ran at the Hungary defence and unleashed a shot which flew home . That was not the end of the drama . A second yellow to Michelangelo Albertazzi reduced the Italians to eight men and left their defense completely stretched . And Hungary took advantage when Nemeth chased down a long ball before showing great composure to steer the ball home . Hungary will now play Ghana in the last four after the African nation twice held off a spirited South Korean fightback to secure a 3-2 victory earlier in the day . Ghana took an eighth minute lead when Dominic Adiyiah stabbed a Samuel Inkoom 's ball past goalkeeper Kim Seung-Guy . It was the second quickest goal of Egypt 2009 and the striker 's fifth of the tournament . Ransford Osei doubled their lead 20 minutes later when David Addy found him lurking in the six-yard box and the FC Twente player fired home a left-foot strike . However , Korea pulled a goal back three minutes later when Jeong Dong-Ho put in a cross from the right in-between the back four and goalkeeper and Park Hee-Seong took advantage by looping a header into the net . The match looked over in the 78th minute when Mohammed Rabiu picked up a loose ball in midfield and slipped it to Adiyiah , who powered through and passed it into the net . But still Korea refused to give in and they made it a nervy last eight minutes for Ghana when Yun Suk-Young crossed from deep and Kim Dong-Sub timed his run to perfection to glance a header into the net .	Hungary defeat Italy 3-2 in a dramatic match to reach World Cup U-20 semis Four players are sent off , three for Italy , as Hungary clinch victory in extra time Hungary will play Ghana in the final after the Africans defeat South Korea 3-2
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- At least eight people have been killed as Thai security forces declared a "  live firing zone " in downtown Bangkok on Saturday following days of deadly clashes with anti-government protesters . Saturday 's fatality takes the total number of deaths to 25 since a government-backed clampdown on protesters exploded into violence on Thursday . More than 150 people have been wounded , according to emergency officials . In a televised address , Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said a small group of protesters among the opposition "  Red Shirts " was trying to foment civil war . The prime minister urged the citizenry to understand and embrace the government 's stance . The country could n't allow the rule of law to fail , he said , warning that the longer the protests continued , the higher the risk for the public . "  The government proposed a reconciliation plan but it was rejected , " Abhisit said . "  This benefits no one . It only benefits a small group which wants to harm the country and lead it to civil war . It is unbelieveble that they use peoples lives for political advantage . " Thousands of Red Shirts , who support ousted former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra , have been occupying a central area of the city for weeks in a show of opposition to Abhisit . The escalating unrest prompted the U.S. Embassy to issue a travel warning Saturday advising Americans to defer travel to Bangkok , spokeswoman Cynthia Brown told CNN . Several other western embassies , including the UK , Japan , Canada , New Zealand and the Netherlands have also advised against travel to Bangkok . Tensions remained high Saturday , with protesters yelling and screaming as they stood behind barricades of tires , spikes and bamboo poles . iReport : Are you there ? Send your images , video But a military spokesman said security forces planned to put the protesters under more pressure Saturday as they cordoned off an area of several square kilometers , CNN 's Sara Sidner reported . "  In the next few days , they will be stepping up their security measures , " said Panitan Wattanayagorn , the acting Thai government spokesman . Security forces rolled out razor wire and erected warning signs as they surrounded the area where the protesters have been clustered , CNN 's Dan Rivers reported . He said Thai troops had also come under fire although it was unclear who was shooting at them . "  There 's been quite a fierce gunfight where we are in the northwest corner of this zone that they have tried to surround a Ratchaprarop Road which has been declared a live fire zone by the army , " said Rivers . "  There are signs up all along it warning residents to stay indoors , that there is live ammunition being used . We 've been effectively pinned down while the army tries to deal with incoming fire . We 're not sure who 's firing on them but it 's certainly been a very volatile situation with lots of explosions and gunfire going on . " Sidner , a few kilometers away inside the security force 's cordon reported witnessing two people shot . Both appeared to be unarmed she said . Those present at the scene claimed rooftop snipers were responsible for the shootings , she said . "  The protesters clearly blame the army for the deadly force , " said Sidner . "  There is no way to know for sure who exactly is doing the shooting but neither of the people we saw injured were armed . " On the scene : Bangkok at boiling point The Thai capital has been in chaos since Thursday , beset by gunfire , tear gas and stone-throwing that boiled over after Thai authorities set a new deadline to seal off the Bangkok intersection where protesters have gathered by the thousands for the past month . What are protests about ? A government official said Thai forces were slowly getting control of the downtown area , with video footage showing soldiers shooting rounds toward the area with protesters . Among those wounded on Friday was a journalist from a French television station who was shot in the leg . The government said it was forced to take action after demonstrators disregarded an ultimatum by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to vacate the intersection by Wednesday . Wattanayagorn said Friday that security forces who have been the objects of attacks have no choice but to respond . He told reporters that forces have been dutifully following the rules of engagement , which allow them to use live ammunition to protect themselves and their comrades . He assured Bangkok residents and foreigners that the forces have no intention of harming anyone . The government , he said , is "  very confident " it will be able to "  stabilize the situation " and get it "  under control very soon . " Also , he said the prime minister is looking forward to working with others in hammering out reforms . The United Front for Democracy , the formal name of the Red Shirt opposition , has been demanding that Abhisit dissolve the lower house of Parliament and call new elections . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup . Tensions ramped up when Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol -- a renegade general better known as Seh Daeng , which means Red Commander -- was shot and wounded by a sniper 's bullet Thursday , leaving him in critical condition . Brown , of the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok , said that family members of embassy personnel had been offered voluntary departure . She said the embassy would remain closed on Monday and that staff were assessing the situation "  day to day . " CNN 's Dan Rivers and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Eight dead in fresh clashes Saturday in Bangkok ; 25 dead in total Thai PM Abhisit says some protesters attempting to foment civil war Security forces declare a "  live firing zone " in a central area of the city Opposition "  Red Shirts " have been protesting against government for months
CNN  For five decades , Bikram Choudhury built an empire . The signature "  hot yoga " bearing his name drew throngs of devotees , spawning studios teaching the practice all over the world . He became a spiritual leader and celebrity icon with a long list of famous followers and friends . But now , the Bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students . Responding to the allegations for the first time in an exclusive interview with CNN , Choudhury said he wanted to set the record straight . "  I want to show you , " he said , "  tell the truth to the world , that I never assaulted them . " Choudhury repeatedly denied sexually assaulting anyone , saying he would never resort to physical aggression to have sex because he has so many offers . "  Women like me . Women love me , " he said . "  So if I really wanted to involve the women , I do n't have to assault the women . " He said he feels sorry for his accusers , claiming they 've been manipulated by lawyers to lie . "  I have nothing against them . I do n't think they 're bad people . It 's not them saying that , " he said . "  They are influenced by somebody . " But Choudhury 's accusers say he 's the one who 's been lying . "  This stuff that he 's teaching is really good stuff , but he 's hurting people and hiding behind this good stuff so people do n't believe he 's capable of hurting people , " said Sarah Baughn , a former student who now accuses Choudhury of sexual assault . "  He 's got to stop lying behind it . And he 's got to stop doing this to people . " Choudhury is the founder of Bikram 's Yoga College of India . He 's featured prominently on its website , which details his system of performing 26 unique yoga poses while in a very hot room . With studios heated to 105 degrees , he credits the steamy , sweaty stretches with transforming people 's bodies and minds . He said he 's guided by a deep calling to help others . Civil lawsuits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court tell the story of a different Bikram Choudhury , describing him as someone who preyed on young women who looked to him for guidance . Besides Baughn 's claim of sexual assault , five other women have come forward with civil lawsuits claiming Choudhury raped them . The Los Angeles Police Department , without explanation , declined to pursue criminal charges in the cases . At first , Baughn said , she felt Bikram Yoga would be the answer to her years of back pain and depression . "  It was really quite life-changing for me . ... I felt good for the first time in a while , " she said , describing her first class . Baughn said her father helped her take out a $ 7,000 loan so she could attend Bikram 's teacher training . But within the first week , she said , one episode left her feeling uncomfortable . In a meeting in Choudhury 's office , she said , the guru seemed to make an advance . "  He said , ` What should we do about us ? We need to make this a relationship . ... I 've known you from a past life . ' It was instantly shocking . I felt like my whole system just sort of imploded , " she said . Then , she said , Choudhury cornered her late one night , making it clear she had to sleep with him in order to advance her career . "  He crawled on top of me and he put his hand on my , inside of my thigh , and the other hand he wrapped around me , and he was holding me there , " she said . "  He told me that he needed somebody to be with him , to massage him , to brush his hair , to spend time with him , that he was lonely . And he said , ` And I need someone to , to have sex with me . ' " Choudhury , she said , claimed she 'd never win a yoga competition if he did n't have sex with her . "  I pushed him off of me and I said , ' I can do this by myself . ' And he said , ` No you ca n't . There 's no way . ' And I got up and I left the room , " she said . In another instance , she said Choudhury pinned her against a door and sexually assaulted her when she was left alone with him late one night at a teacher training course . "  I just remember I was terrified . I did n't want to be touched again . When I reached the door , he was there , " she said . "  He was only in his boxers and a T-shirt . And he pushed himself up against me and held me up against the door , " she said . "  And he just started kissing all over my chest and my body . And he pushed himself into me very hard . " Ultimately , Baughn said she was able to open the door and get away . Choudhury said Baughn 's claims are false . "  It 's not truth . I do n't do that . I do n't have to , " he said . He said he makes it a practice to never be alone with any of his students . He repeatedly denied assaulting his accusers or ever having consensual sex with them . But when asked whether he 'd had sex with other students , he responded , "  yes and no . " "  I have no intention to have sex with any of my students or any women , " said Choudhury , who said he 's been married to his wife for more than 30 years . "  Sometimes students , they commit suicide . Lots of students of mine , they commit suicide because I will not have sex with them . " Bikram claimed these encounters took place before he was married . But when asked for evidence , Bikram 's attorney advised him not to give CNN names . Robert Tafoya , Choudhury 's attorney , said there are plenty of reasons to doubt the accusers ' claims . "  We know for a fact that these claims allegedly occurred years and years and years ago , and nobody ever came forward , " he said . "  And yet , after this lawyer sends out these kinds of blasts in social media asking people if they 've been a victim of Bikram Choudhury , all of a sudden these people come forward and all have very similar claims . " Carney Shegerian , Baughn 's attorney , said that 's simply not true . When Baughn started telling her story , he said , others were inspired to speak out . "  When she came forward and went public , it attracted other people , and the other five plaintiffs to also have a modicum of confidence to discuss what had happened to them , " he said . Baughn said she was inspired by her young daughter to come forward when she did . "  She 's 5 now , 5 1/2 . But when I looked at my little girl and all I could see was 10 years down the road , or 20 years down the road , and her being just like me , the only thing I could see was her getting raped and assaulted , " she said . Choudhury vowed to clear his name . But he said the damage has already been done to his family . He cries as he describes how his wife has responded to the allegations against him . "  My wife never look at me anymore , " he said . "  My children , my wife ... we only die once in our life . I 'm dying every day when I get up in the morning . " The situation , he said , has destroyed his family . "  How can I share my heart , my spirit ? Twenty-four hours a day , I work harder than any other human being . And this is the reward ? I 'm a rapist ? " he said . "  Shame on your culture , Western culture . Shame , shame . Your job  is  to go and tell the world the truth . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Dana Ford and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Yoga guru Bikram Choudhury denies sexual assault allegations His accusers , he says , were manipulated to lie about him A former student says he uses his yoga accomplishments to hide the harm he 's caused
Washington  CNN  -- Just a few days before Black Friday signals the beginning of holiday shopping fury , the U.S. Public Interest Group has released its 26th annual "  Trouble in Toyland " report , alerting consumers to the dangers and toxins that can still be found in children 's toys . The biggest concerns are toys containing chemicals that are potentially toxic , or that contain choking , strangulation or noise hazards . While U.S. PIRG -- a non-partisan consumer advocacy group -- does not test every toy sold in stores , it takes random samples and has them laboratory tested to check for acceptable levels of toxic substances or other hazards . Among the key finding in the report is the continued presence of these hazards . According to U.S. PIRG , "  over 400 children died from toy-related injuries " between 1990 and 2010 , and more than half of those choked . "  Choking on small parts , small balls and balloons is still the leading cause of toy-related injury , " said PIRG 's Nasima Hossain , who presented the report Tuesday . Hossain demonstrated the "  toilet paper roll test , " a way in which parents can easily determine whether a toy is too small for their infant or toddler . If the toy , or pieces from it , can easily pass through the empty roll , the toy can be deemed a potential hazard . Commissioner Robert Adler from the Consumer Product Safety Commission , who also spoke at Tuesday 's press conference , said it 's been a busy year for his government agency , which works closely with U.S. PIRG . Adler says this year the produce safety commission has passed the toughest safety standards for cribs , where babies often spend the most unsupervised time . In March the commission launched a product-safety database that can be found at www.saferproducts.gov . The commission has promulgated rules to reduce the amount of lead in children 's products to among the lowest levels in the world , says Adler . "  One of the interesting things about lead and other chemicals we regulate -- they do n't show up in injury reports . The problem is , they do affect children , but it 's a chronic cumulative hazard that may not evidence itself until children are involved in later development , " said Adler . He added that lead poisoning can even affect children 's IQ levels . There are multiple online resources for parents seeking information about the toys they 're purchasing , including www.toysafety.mobi which is an interactive site administered by U.S. PIRG that can be accessed through smart phones . U.S. PIRG does n't identify which countries are the biggest culprits with using toxic materials in the manufacture of toys . "  We do n't think a child or family is all that concerned , if a child chokes on a toy ,  whether the toy is  made in China or was made in Kentucky . All toys that are on the store shelves need to be safe , " the group said . Both the produce safety commission and U.S. PIRG feel , however , that their agencies are under threat from Congress relaxing safety standards , as a result of toy lobbying groups . "  Sadly we 're seeing recurring problems , and what we would argue is that we know what the problems are , and we actually need to fix the problems ... Toy manufacturers need to be more vigilant about the products they put out , " said Gary Kalman , the director of U.S. PIRG 's federal legislative office . With the gift-giving season rapidly approaching , Santa -- and parents $ " will be need to use the same guidelines and common sense approach that have been around for the past two decades , before placing gifts under the tree . The main rule is to make sure toys are age-appropriate . Joan Lawrence , vice president of standards and government affairs for the Toy Industry Association said consumers should feel confident that the toys they purchase are safe . "  So much has been done in the name of toy safety , from government and industry , so consumers should feel quite comforted that what they find , has been found safe , " said Lawrence .	Choking on small parts is still the leading cause of toy-related injury More than 400 children died from toy-related injuries between 1990 and 2010 More than half of those choked , according to U.S. Public Interest Group Toys containing potentially toxic chemicals also are a concern
SATSUMA , Florida  CNN  -- The father of a missing 5-year-old Florida girl made a renewed plea Thursday for the return of his daughter . The search continued Thursday for Haleigh Cummings , 5 , who went missing from her home near Orlando . "  If you have my daughter and you 're watching this , drop her off somewhere safe , " Roland Cummings said of his daughter Haleigh . "  I 'm not out for revenge , I 'm not out for nothing else . I want my daughter back , " Cummings said , with his girlfriend , Misty Croslin , at his side . He said he could think of no reason Haleigh would be taken . "  Why would anybody be sick enough " to abduct a child ? he asked . Cummings , 25 , said earlier that he and Croslin had passed lie detector tests . Croslin , 17 , was the last person to see Haleigh when she put the girl to bed Monday night in their Satsuma , Florida , home . She said she awoke in the middle of the night to find Haleigh gone and the back door to the double-wide trailer propped open with a brick . Putnam County authorities on Thursday continued working with the FBI and state investigators to search a five-mile area for Haleigh . Police have no official suspects , but say they are treating everyone they interview as one . "  All the world 's a suspect " now , a sheriff 's spokesman has said . Cummings said earlier that he was surprised when he arrived home from work at 3 a.m. Tuesday to see his girlfriend awake , and he asked her why she was up . "  She said , ` Your back door 's open and your daughter 's gone , ' " Cummings told Nancy Grace on her show on CNN 's sister network HLN on Wednesday night . Watch Cummings describe his shock " Croslin waited until Cummings came home to phone 911 about the girl 's disappearance , though it 's unclear how long that wait was . Watch the father describe what happened " Police said Wednesday that Croslin had tucked the girl and her 4-year-old brother into bed at 8 p.m. before going to sleep at 10 . Croslin told police she woke up around 3 a.m. to use the bathroom and returned to find the girl missing . The boy was still in bed , Cummings told CNN . A brick was propping the trailer 's door open , Croslin told a 911 dispatcher . Hear the frantic 911 call " The father said he has used the back door only two times since he 's been living in the trailer . Police say they believe the girl was abducted . "  There 's no longer any reason to believe that the child simply wandered outside , " Maj. Gary Bowling of the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . The police must "  assume abduction , " he said , adding , "  All the answers to why you 'd want to take a 5-year-old are ugly . " Haleigh 's mother , Crystal Sheffield , shook as she spoke Thursday near the search area . Sheffield 's mother , Marie Griffis , said that she and her daughter are devastated . "  It 's like I 've got a hole in my body , and she feels helpless because she ca n't do anything but sit here . " A nationwide Amber Alert says the girl was last seen wearing a pink shirt and underwear . Croslin is staying with relatives as the investigation continues , said Bowling , describing the girlfriend as a "  child herself . " Griffis said that her daughter and Ronald Cummings had a "  rocky relationship " and that the two took turns spending weekends with their daughter . Watch mother 's tearful plea " It 's unclear if Sheffield and Cummings were ever married , but they are "  legally separated , " police said Thursday . Authorities were unable to answer media questions about how and why Cummings had custody of Haleigh . Sheffield lives near the Florida-Georgia line and has been interviewed by law enforcement , according to police . Investigators are looking into various angles of the case , including finding out the location of 44 registered sexual offenders who live within a five-mile radius of the Cummings home , said Lt. Johnny Greenwood of the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office . Police are offering but not requiring all those interviewed in the case to take polygraph tests . A familiar face from the Caylee Anthony case is involved in the search . Bounty hunter Leonard Padilla joined the hunt Tuesday and is offering a $ 25,000 reward for the girl 's return . Padilla initially bonded out Caylee 's mother , Casey , who has been charged with first-degree murder in the toddler 's death , and then helped launch one of several searches for Caylee . Anyone with information is encouraged to call the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office at 386-329-0800 or the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's Missing Endangered Persons Information Clearinghouse at 888-FL-MISSING . CNN 's John Couwels , Brad Lendon and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Father of missing child says he , girlfriend took and passed lie detector tests Haleigh Cummings reported missing around 3 a.m. Tuesday , police say 17-year-old girlfriend was caring for Haleigh on Monday night , police say Authorities say they believe the girl was abducted ; bounty hunter offers reward
CNN  -- Call it the ultimate in military logistics . As land routes from Pakistan into Afghanistan are cut , sabotaged or otherwise interrupted , the U.S. military has developed alternative railroad routes that make the Orient Express look like a branch line . They are called -- rather prosaically -- the Northern Distribution Network , or NDN . The main route begins at the port of Riga in Latvia , from where freight trains roll across Russia , and continues along the edge of the Caspian Sea . It crosses the deserts of Kazakhstan and into Uzbekistan . About 10 days after beginning their odyssey , the containers cross into Afghanistan , carrying everything from computers and socks to toilet paper and bottled water . Other routes begin at the port of Ponti in Georgia on the Black Sea and at Vladivostok in the Russian Far East . The Russians first offered transit for nonlethal equipment bound for Afghanistan in 2008 . According to diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks , it took nearly a year for the U.S. and NATO to negotiate transit rights with central Asian governments such as Uzbekistan , although two-thirds of jet aviation fuel bound for Afghanistan was already transiting Uzbekistan . The first shipment of supplies crossed Russia in May 2009 ; just in time , because the "  surge " meant that even more U.S. troops needed resupplying , and transit routes through Pakistan were about to become a pawn in the deteriorating relationship between the two countries . Use of the routes has since grown rapidly ; the NDN now carries 40 % of the supplies U.S. forces in Afghanistan need  while Pakistani routes see 30 % , according to the Department of Defense  . It does n't carry ammunition or weapons , which are flown in to airbases such as Bagram and Kandahar . But airlifting can not be much expanded ; the U.S. Military Airlift Command is already stretched , and air transport is much more expensive  about $ 14,000 per ton of freight , according to NATO estimates  than overland transport . NATO estimates the cost of moving supplies overland is one-tenth that of airborne freight . The NDN poses challenges of its own . Ships have to use Riga because other ports in the Baltic are not reliably ice-free in winter . There are bottlenecks , especially at the Afghan border terminus at Hairatan . And there have been allegations of "  improper payments " made for fuel in Uzbekistan to keep the trains running and for preferential treatment to ensure that supplies get across the border as quickly as possible . Rules change frequently , according to one contractor involved in getting freight into Afghanistan . And one diplomatic cable about negotiations to use Uzbek territory in 2008 noted that "  corruption remains endemic throughout all levels of the economy . " But with U.S. lobbying , funds from the Asian Development Bank enabled Uzbek engineers to extend the line last year to the Afghan city of Mazar-e-Sharif . As one Uzbek official puts it : "  Afghanistan is the only country in the world without railways ; that 's why it 's not developed . " A historical aside : The Mazar route is the first working railway line in Afghanistan since 1929 , when there was a line all of four miles long out of Kabul . Only recently , NATO helped move one of the historical locomotives from that line to the National Museum in Kabul . The NDN may seem a daunting and expensive challenge , but as U.S. relations with Pakistan have frayed , the northern option has proved good insurance . Land convoys through Pakistan from the port of Karachi travel nearly 1,000 miles to reach Afghanistan , with the last part of the journey often being a painfully slow trek through the Khyber Pass . There is the added risk of ambush -- many tankers and trucks have been attacked and destroyed in the last two years . In one incident alone in December 2008 , the Pakistani Taliban set ablaze 100 trucks at a rest stop near Peshawar . The Pakistan routes are also vulnerable to the vagaries of the U.S.-Pakistan relationship . For 10 days last year , Pakistan closed the overland routes  via Tulkarm on the Khyber Pass and Chaman south of Kandahar  into Afghanistan in retaliation for U.S. air attacks that mistakenly killed Pakistani soldiers . The northern routes are safer and more reliable , but not entirely immune to disruption . Relations between the U.S. and Russia are sometimes tense  over such issues as the ballistic missile defense shield  , and central Asian states have taken offense at U.S. complaints about their human rights record . Even so , Russia gains advantages from allowing its territory to be used ; it does n't want Afghanistan sliding into chaos . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said at the U.S. / Russia summit 2009 : "  We value the efforts that are being made by the United States together with the other countries in order to prevent the terrorist threat that was emanating and still coming from the Afghan soil . " The NDN benefits plenty of other parties . For Uzbekistan , it helps defray the heavy cost of investment in its railway network , largely with loans from Asian banks , and increases demand for local goods . For Riga and other ports , it provides income at a time when economic growth is weak . And most of all , Afghanistan stands to benefit from the "  transformational potential "  in the words of one U.S. diplomat  of a rail network that could make it an Asian transport hub . As the U.S. drawdown gathers pace next winter , the NDN may acquire another role : helping to remove the vast amounts of equipment invested in the decade-long mission in Afghanistan . The irony is that tracks now carrying supplies to U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan were first built to resupply Soviet forces when they occupied the country in the 1980s .	The U.S. military has developed an alternative railroad into Afghanistan The Northern Distribution Network 's main line begins in Latvia Along the main line , it takes about 10 days to move supplies from load to delivery
Travel + Leisure  -- "  Voluntourism is not about martyrdom , " says Christopher Hill , CEO of Hands Up Holidays , a London-based company that arranges high-end excursions that incorporate volunteering . "  It 's about making a difference , even if you 're staying at a luxury hotel . " A visitor traveling with Micato Safaris meets a group of young Kenyans in Nairobi . With a growing number of hotels and tour operators offering trips that give back , the experience is more accessible than ever -- from stints building houses with Hands On New Orleans and four-week HIV awareness programs in Thailand with the Global Services Corps to helping orphaned children in Kenya with Micato Safaris . But the key to a successful volunteer vacation involves a few basic considerations : What kind of an impact are you looking to have ? How will the project you choose benefit the local community ?  The latter is of particular concern , since less reputable charities and companies that overstate responsible-travel claims are all too common . "  The most efficient and reputable organizations are those whose ultimate goal is to help communities work independently , " says Brian Mullis , president of Sustainable Travel International , in Boulder , Colorado . Travelers who would prefer a relatively simple , low-key project , such as conducting a wildlife survey in Costa Rica , can opt for a hotel program . For a longer trip that involves daily contact with locals , a tour operator or nonprofit may be your best bet . To help you decide where to start , we 've outlined what to watch for , and how to continue to make an impact after you return home . Travel + Leisure : 10 tips for traveling green Hotels and travel companies with outreach programs If you 'd rather devote only part of your vacation to a cause , there are other , less demanding ways to give . Check out the many philanthropic programs offered by hotels  both high-end and chain brands  and travel companies , including opportunities for guests to volunteer . According to the International Ecotourism Society , a Washington , D.C.-based nonprofit , more than 66 percent of American travelers believe that hotels have an obligation to protect the environment and support local communities . The concept is n't entirely new -- eco-lodge Lapa Rios in Costa Rica , for example , has offered travelers the chance to volunteer for almost a decade . Travel + Leisure : Best new green hotels Ritz-Carlton recently launched Give Back Getaways  givebackgetaways.com  , a program that invites guests at 62 properties to help with projects ranging from research at Dubai 's Hutta Dam to river cleanups . Fairmont  fairmont.com/environment  and RockResorts  giveandgetaway.com  have also instituted outreach programs at properties worldwide . Booking advice :  Make sure the fees fall into the right pockets when a trip requires that you pay to volunteer . Before signing up , ask your hotel what percentage of your money goes directly to the local community  rather than to the hotel 's balance sheet  .  Many hotels will exchange philanthropic work for reduced room rates ; on select dates , for example , the RockResorts in Colorado offer discounts to guests who volunteer at national forests within the state . Responsible tour operators Unlike hotels , travel companies have no universal third-party eco-certification . As a result , a tour operator might offset 100 percent of its carbon emissions for clients ' airline travel , but place them in a lodge that dumps untreated wastewater into local rivers . To assess how responsible a company actually is , Martha Honey , cofounder of the Center on Ecotourism and Sustainable Development in Washington , D.C. , suggests starting with some simple questions : What are the company 's environmental practices ? Does it give a portion of its profits to charity ?  New York-based Micato Safaris , for instance , pays the administrative costs of its nonprofit AmericaShare , so 100 percent of donations made go directly to the community .  What kinds of projects do they fund ? What does the company do to help guests understand local development and conservation issues ? Also , look at online message boards , such as Lonely Planet 's Thorn Tree Travel Forum  lonelyplanet.com/thorntree  and tripadvisor.com , for trip reviews . Or vet potential operators at Sustainable Travel International  sustainabletravelinternational.org  , Responsible Travel  responsibletravel.com  , travelphilanthropy.org and Orbitz 's multipurpose green site , eco.orbitz.com . Finally , consider checking bona fides with a third-party auditor such as Green Globe  greenglobe21.com  or Green Leaf  greenleaf.org  . Booking advice :  Smaller tour groups and hotels  think 20 versus 100 people , and boutique hotels versus megaresorts  have a lower ecological impact . Reputable charities After returning from a vacation , you may be moved to continue to help fund a project in the destination you 've visited . If you 're not careful , however , your money may not end up in the right place . Vet the charity through watchdog groups such as charitynavigator.org , BBB Wise Giving Alliance  give.org  and the American Institute of Philanthropy  charitywatch.org  . These organizations rate nonprofits based on such factors as availability of financial and operational information to the public , efficiency of fund-raising activities and how donations are spent . Many international aid organizations have regional or national partners that can use your support -- UNICEF , for example , allies itself with a number of local NGO 's in destinations in the Pacific Islands , Africa and South America . Also , consider charities that will allow you to make targeted donations . At globalgiving.org , travelers can search for projects by area , while kiva.org enables individuals to make microfinance loans in communities around the world . Targeting your donation :  Rather than giving a small amount to each of several charities , donate to one or two organizations to ensure the highest impact .  Ask whether your tour company or hotel has a practice of contributing to local causes . Abercrombie & Kent  abercrombiekent.com  , Six Senses  sixsenses.com  , CC Africa  ccafrica.com  , Intrepid Travel  intrepidtravel.com  and Lindblad Expeditions  expeditions.com  all sponsor nonprofits that work in destinations abroad . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Ritz-Carlton recently launched Give Back Getaways at 62 properties Volunteers can help orphaned children in Kenya with Micato Safaris Ask about environmental practices and contributions to local communities
CNN  -- The story of Katie Goldman is one that young and  ahem  older "  girls " all over the country can relate to . Teased for bringing her "  Star Wars " Thermos to school , the first-grader opted instead to shield her love of the series from public scrutiny and asked her mom for a pink Thermos instead . At the tender age of 7 , the boys in her class had a hard time accepting that she could like light sabers and Jedi knights just as much as they did . It would be easier for Katie to be what people expected her to be , even if it meant hiding part of who she really was . The more times change , the more sci-fi stereotypes stay the same . Not just ` guys living in their basements ' The evolution of science-fiction and fantasy started decades ago , but sad to say , as Katie 's experience shows , it 's still not there yet . Part of the reason could be that many of us , um ... shall we say , "  older " fans have also shielded our love of the great imaginative stories that sci-fi delivers from public view . I admit that whenever I told anyone I work with at CNN that I really loved the "  Battlestar Galactica " series on Syfy , I quickly followed with a "  Time magazine called it the best television series of 2005 , " as if the fact that I loved the show were n't enough . "  Laugh if you want , " wrote James Poniewozik , "  but this story of enemies within is dead serious , and seriously good . " Read more about "  Battlestar Galactica " I  like many others , I suspect  thought that people simply could n't take me seriously if they knew that part of me loved these fascinating tales of faraway places , worlds unexplored or the ever-present themes of beating the undefeatable , facing the ultimate challenge and overcoming evil . The numbers show I 'm clearly not alone . Just take a look at who 's watching the network solely devoted to science-fiction and fantasy programming . "  It 's always been very gender-balanced . It has this misconception that it 's about the guys living in their basements . Our audience has been about 50-50 , " said Dave Howe , president of the newly rebranded Syfy network  formerly SciFi  . "  I think it 's one of those urban myths that 's existed for a very long time : They are the stereotypical sci-fi fan , and people ignore women and families ... dating back to when we were all at school . " So you think you know the sci-fi audience ? Did you know that some 67 % of viewers who tune in to watch Buffy slay the evil vampires  in reruns , albeit  are women ? And they 're not just tuning in to see the exciting possibilities vampires present . Howe -- who is also president of a horror flick network called Chiller , which he says reaches about 40 million households -- says that about 53 % of the "  Masters of Horror " audience are female . "  People think they 're not into science-fiction , and then you look at who 's going to see ` Harry Potter ' or ` Spider-Man ' or ` Twilight . ' ... Science-fiction is the most mainstream genre , period . " Oh , yeah , did I mention that Howe says the average age of those Syfy-watching women is about 45 ? One size does not fit all It 's much better to be a "  Star Wars " fan today than it was when I was kid . Not because the story has changed but because the characters have . In "  Star Wars ' " new animated life on Cartoon Network  which , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner  "  The Clone Wars " features a girl who is a Jedi apprentice . The character Ahsoka Tano is a strong-willed , determined and often sassy Jedi-in-training who at times comes to the rescue of her know-it-all master . It 's something not lost on actress Ashley Eckstein , the voice of Ahsoka Tano . "  I have to give Lucasfilm credit for creating the character of Ahsoka , " Eckstein said . "  She is the first female Jedi who has been the focus of the series . They have created a series with several female characters as lead characters , and sometimes the women carry the episodes . They are making it OK for these women to be the leads . Now , when the kids are playing ` Star Wars ' on the playground , there is a Jedi for the little girls to be . For the girls who do n't want to be a princess , they can be a padawan . " Eckstein was so passionate about giving the girls permission to "  get their girl on " that she negotiated rights with Lucasfilm to develop a line of clothing called Her Universe and other products aimed strictly at the female market . "  I started working on ` The Clone Wars ' almost five years ago , and I was always a ` Star Wars ' fan and wanted to show it off , and so I went to the Web and to stores , and I realized it did n't really exist . There were very few products , and on one site , under the women 's section , they had men 's shirts , " said Eckstein , who is persuading executives at Disney to carry the line . She also gives credit to another actress , Alyssa Milano , who started a clothing line called Touch for female sports fans . "  I 'm aware of her line because my husband plays baseball , and I 've bought several of her pieces , " said Eckstein , who spent close to three years convincing people there was a market for this . "  We started at conventions and events and online and at San Diego Comic-Con , where the ` Star Wars ' celebration and the support was overwhelming . I do n't want this to just be a merchandise line . I want it to be a community for female fans . One thing I found in my research is that girls were hiding the fact that they were sci-fi fans , and many women were afraid to say ` I 'm a girl , and I like "  Star Wars " or "  Star Trek . " ' They did n't feel like they could be taken seriously . " And Eckstein has a message for 7-year-old Katie : "  We can show our pride and be a girl at the same time and be proud of it . I 'm a nerd and a geek , and I 'm proud of it . So show who you are and what you like , and if you 're confident , people will leave you alone . "	Older geeky girls tend to hide their obsessions from public view Bucking common misperception , women make up half of Syfy 's audience Science-fiction has become a mainstream genre Ashley Eckstein started a clothing line for female "  Star Wars " fans
Would you rather have $ 1 to spend , or $ 1.49 billion ? For winners in three states , all it took was a dollar to cash in and reap the rewards of Friday 's record-setting Mega Millions jackpot . By picking the same winning numbers -- 2 , 4 , 23 , 38 , 46 with a Mega Ball of 23 -- they earned an equal share of the $ 656 million jackpot , which amounts to about $ 218 million each , before taxes , under the annuity option . Lottery players dished out a cumulative $ 1,491,082,267 since the game 's last big winner emerged in late January . Except for a few smaller payouts , all that worked out to next to nothing . "  Oh Mega Millions , why do you shun me ? " a Twitter user mused on the social networking site , echoing the angst felt by many nationwide as it dawned on them that they were among the losers . "  Dear news updates on my phone , stop rubbing it in that I did n't win the mega millions !!! " said another . In fact , nearly as many dollars were spent on tickets Friday alone than ended up being given away . Kelly Cripe , a spokeswoman for Texas state lottery that is currently overseeing Mega Millions , said the day 's sales in the 42 states plus the District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands , where the game is played , added up to $ 651,915,940 . While lotteries are nothing new in the United States and beyond , the frenzy leading up to Friday night 's drawing -- much like the jackpot itself , which was the largest pool potentially for any single winner -- was unprecedented . People stood in long lines at convenience stores , dreaming of what they 'd buy , how they 'd quit their jobs and how their lives would change with the help of Lady Luck . It ended up being a boon to many state coffers -- who reap some of the money from lottery sales -- not to mention those selling the tickets . At Manhattan Tobacco , a New York convenience store , cashier Alex Shanahe said that sales had tripled . "  Everybody wants to win the Mega Millions , " Shanahe said before the drawing . Many came convinced that they could beat the roughly 176 million-to-one jobs and take home the prize . But only three did . They included a person who , around 7:15 p.m. Friday night , came to a 7-Eleven store in Baltimore , Maryland , and paid $ 1 for a "  quick pick " of one line of numbers -- which ended up exactly matching those pulled less than four hours later . It 's not know if the identity of that person will ever be known , as Maryland Lottery Director Stephen Martino noted that the state does not require its jackpot recipients to do publicity , as some other states do . Winners can also remain anonymous in Kansas , that state 's lottery director Dennis Wilson said . Security officials know the precise location where the ticket was sold , but that information had n't been released -- even to Wilson . The state lottery has only said the winning ticket came from somewhere in northeastern Kansas . And the town of Red Bud , Illinois , located about 35 miles south of St. Louis , was buzzing Saturday with news that one of its own bought a ticket at a Moto Mart . "  We 're having a great time , " the store manager , Denise Metzger , told CNN affiliate WGN . "  The people in town are having a good time trying to speculate who it is or hoping it 's still them . The atmosphere has just been sensational . " While no one has yet stepped forward to claim the prize , Wilson had some advice for the winner or winners : Sign the back of the ticket . Put it someplace very safe . And talk to a lawyer before coming in for what will be a life-changing experience . While only three tickets hit the big jackpot , at least 42 matched five of six numbers -- 29 in California , 12 in Illinois and one in Kansas , according to lottery officials . California Lottery Commission spokesman Alex Traverso said the payout on those tickets will be about $ 125,000 to $ 130,000 . Still , that 's practically petty cash compared to the rewards reaped by the three still anonymous jackpot winners . Psychologist Scott Bea said if any one of them is a poor money manager and has been unhappy in life before winning , that 's likely to continue . "  It solves one problem , but it creates a half-billion others , " he said . "  You have about no chance at winning this , but it really gets people excited . "	Mega Millions tickets worth $ 651,915,940 were sold Friday , a lottery spokeswoman says That 's more than 1/3 the $ 1,491,082,270 in sales since the previous winner The three big winners bought their tickets in Kansas , Maryland and Illinois That assures them an equal share of the $ 656 million jackpot
CNN Student News  -- March 8 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day If you were a news producer , what might you include in a story that aims to encourage young people to pursue a career in science , technology , engineering or math ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . In what U.S. state would you find the annual Iditarod race ? * * 2 . Citizen journalists were using social media to observe Sunday 's elections in what African nation ? * * 3 . The theme for this year 's Women 's History Month honors women in what fields ? * * 4 . What kind of fish , the largest predatory one , was recently caught off the coast of Florida ? * * 5 . Which U.S. senator began a filibuster on the floor of the Senate on Wednesday that lasted into Thursday ? * * 6 . What economic indicator , calculated from the values of 30 major stocks , set new records this week ? * * 7 . Lauren Silberman is the first woman to try out for what professional sports league ? * * 8 . What country did Hugo Chavez , who died on Tuesday , lead ? * * 9 . A two-year-old girl recently became the first child to be "  functionally cured " of what virus ? * * 10 . What country is the target of sanctions passed by the United Nations Security Council on Thursday ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian space officials say the crew of the Soyuz space ship is resting after a rough ride back to Earth . A South Korean bioengineer was one of three people on board the Soyuz capsule . The craft carrying South Korea 's first astronaut landed in northern Kazakhstan on Saturday , 260 miles  418 kilometers  off its mark , they said . Mission Control spokesman Valery Lyndin said the condition of the crew -- South Korean bioengineer Yi So-yeon , American astronaut Peggy Whitson and Russian flight engineer Yuri Malenchenko -- was satisfactory , though the three had been subjected to severe G-forces during the re-entry . Search helicopters took 25 minutes to find the capsule and determine that the crew was unharmed . Officials said the craft followed a very steep trajectory that subjects the crew to gravitational forces of up to 10 times those on Earth . Interfax reported that the spacecraft 's landing was rough . This is not the first time a spacecraft veered from its planned trajectory during landing . In October , the Soyuz capsule landed 70 kilometers from the planned area because of a damaged control cable . The capsule was carrying two Russian cosmonauts and the first Malaysian astronaut . E-mail to a friend	Soyuz capsule lands hundreds of kilometers off-target Capsule was carrying South Korea 's first astronaut Landing is second time Soyuz capsule has gone awry
CNN  -- She just wanted to be heard as one of her country 's legislators , and now she 's a social media star . Hind Al-Fayez , a female member of the Jordanian Parliament , was in a heated exchange last week with a fellow MP regarding gas imports , when the floor was yielded to another member , Yahya Al-Saud . "  Sit down , Hind ! " Al-Saud loudly repeated numerous times , before banging on the desk and yelling , "  God curse the person who brought the  female  quota to Parliament ! " By law , 15 seats in Jordan 's 150-member House of Representatives are reserved for women , with female members determined by election results . The gender dispute , caught on video , has raised awareness of women 's rights issues in Jordan and across the Middle East . "  Sit Down Hind " has become a popular Twitter hashtag , as well as a popular meme on social media . The competing hashtag "  Do Not Sit Down Hind " has also gained popularity . While some simply poke fun , the incident is also drawing attention to gender inequality . One meme shows Al-Fayez sitting in a chair , and the caption reads : "  a rare photo of Hind Al-Fayez sitting . " One man tweeted , "  The lady made a point . She should never obey and sit down . This #sexsim stupidity should be ended #sitdownhind " "  I now know for sure that my voice will be heard when I demand my rights in the near future #Sit Down Hind should be "  Do n't Sit Down Hind . Thank you Hind Al Fayez for implementing your presence in the parliament , for unlocking your voice & rejecting to be silent , " a Jordanian woman tweeted . Video of the parliament session shows that when the floor is yielded to Al-Saud , Al-Fayez continues to yell across the floor at another member of the chamber . Numerous parliamentarians are told to sit down . "  How can I speak ? " Al-Saud yells , before cursing the female quota once again . "  The quota is better than a market stall ! " Al-Fayez yells before she sits down , referring to what used to be the only acceptable job for women in the Middle East -- running a stall in a market . One man posted a song on YouTube , titled "  Do Not Sit Down Hind . " The lyrics , in Arabic , include : "  Enlighten me , why would Eve have to be silent if she were the stronger one ? Do n't sit down , Hind . Do n't sit down , Hind . Do n't sit down , Hind . Do n't sit down , Hind . Explain to me how it happened that the woman 's role is only in the house ? " Al-Fayez explained to CNN 's Hala Gorani on Monday what was going through her mind during the incident . "  What I had in mind , and you can see the way I was staring at him ,  was  ` What are you talking about ? We are now MPs , no matter what , if I won through the quota , if I won through the national list ,  at  the end of the day I am a parliamentarian now . You judge me by my performance , you judge me by my achievements , not by being a female or male , ' " she said . "  I am surprised by the media attention of #SitDownHind , " Yahya Al-Saud told Jordan 's Ammon news . "  By the end of the day what he did probably was for the advantage of the female , and not for the disadvantage of the female . It triggered a very important issue that we as Jordanians specifically , and Arabs in general , we are not taking women empowerment that seriously , " Al-Fayez said .	"  Sit down , Hind ! " has become a popular Twitter hashtag Hind al-Fayez , a member of Jordan 's Parliament , was told by a fellow member to sit down The male parliamentarian then verbally blasts women being in the country 's legislature "  The lady made a point . She should never obey and sit down , " says one tweet
CNN  -- The relatives of a woman who died on the floor of a New York hospital say they plan to file a $ 25 million lawsuit against the city and the facility where Esmin Green died . Esmin Green 's daughter , Tecia Harrison , says disciplinary action against hospital workers is not enough for her . Green 's family is also calling for criminal charges against hospital workers , who they say failed to help her and then attempted to cover up the circumstances of her death . "  My sister was killed twice , " said Brenda James , Green 's sister . "  First , by those who neglected to offer her the needed health care . Secondly , she was killed by those who tried to cover up this criminal action . " The family has retained a lawyer , Sanford Rubenstein , to file the suit . Green , a Jamaican immigrant , had been involuntarily admitted to the Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn , New York , on June 18 for what the hospital described as "  agitation and psychosis . " Surveillance camera footage captured the mother of six sliding off of a chair and onto the floor of waiting room of the hospital 's psychiatric emergency department , where she lay convulsing for more than a hour before anyone helped her . The footage appears to capture several employees passing by her as she lay on the floor struggling . The New York Civil Liberties Union said last week that the hospital falsified medical records for the timeframe covering Green 's visit , describing her as awake and going to the bathroom when she is seen on the video . Watch Green 's family after seeing video " Seven workers , including doctors , nurses and security guards , have been fired or suspended since Green 's death , the city 's Health and Hospitals Corporation said . It 's not clear whether any of the employees have appealed the disciplinary actions against them . The agency said it referred the matter to law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation . "  We failed Esmin Green and believe her family deserves fair and just compensation , " it said in a statement . Autopsy results have not been released . Green 's daughter , who reluctantly watched the footage for the first time this week , says disciplinary action does n't make up for her family 's loss . "  Firing is not enough for me , for my brothers . They do n't know this wonderful woman they took away from us , " said Tecia Harrison , who traveled to New York from Jamaica to attend her mother 's funeral Sunday . "  We want them to pay for it , " she said . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report	Family of Esmin Green says they will sue the city , hospital for $ 25 million Relatives says hospital employees failed to render help , attempted to falsify records Surveillance camera captured Green convulsing on floor for an hour before she died
