CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama must speak out and declare that some of the behavior of the clerical regime in Iran is unacceptable , former Obama administration official Ray Takeyh said Monday . Takeyh , who served as an adviser in the State Department last year and is now at the Council on Foreign Relations , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour the U.S. must also be open to negotiating some sort of deal to limit Iran 's nuclear ambitions . "  You can have negotiations with Iran , as the United States has had negotiations with many adversarial countries while also at the same time disapproving on the internal practices of those regimes , " he said . Takeyh 's comments came just over a week after the bloodiest clashes between pro-democracy protesters and government security forces in months , clashes that left at least eight people dead . Days after those clashes , hundreds of thousands of pro-government demonstrators held rallies in Tehran and other cities . Those protests coincided with new tensions over Iran 's nuclear program , a program the United States says is intended to build a nuclear weapon . Tehran insists its nuclear activities are for peaceful purposes alone and says it 's up to the West to decide whether to accept Iran 's proposals on further enriching its uranium . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday the United States remains open to the possibility of further negotiations with Tehran , despite Iran 's refusal to make significant progress towards a deal before January 1 this year , as Obama has demanded . Clinton told reporters the U.S. is holding discussions with its partners and like-minded nations about possible new sanctions and other forms of pressure . Takeyh said he expects the United States and its allies will try to ratchet up economic pressure on Iran , targeting in particular the Revolutionary Guard and its business interests . "  So you will begin to see intensification of economic pressure on Iran in the hope that external pressure , combined with internal pressure , will cause Iran to adjust its behavior , " he said . Takeyh added that he believes the Iranian government internally is rather weak and vulnerable and may seek some sort of agreement abroad at least to mitigate international pressure . But he said the opposition movement in Iran is also somewhat incoherent . "  It does n't have a central nervous system . It does n't even have an identifiable set of leaders or even a coherent ideology . It is a protest movement . " He said the longer the movement sustains itself , though , the more it will develop an ideology and a leadership . A leading critic of the pro-democracy protesters , Professor Mohammad Marandi of Tehran University , told Amanpour that opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi 's position has been severely weakened by the December 27 protests in Iran . "  The opposition that protested on  the Shiite Muslim holy day of  Ashura made a very major tactical mistake by being very brutal towards the police and also by carrying out these protests on a day of public mourning , " Marandi said . But one of the most fearless critics of Iran 's regime , former Iranian Member of Parliament Fatemeh Haghighatjoo , rejected Marandi 's assessment . She said everyone still supports Moussavi . "  The government is not able to arrest all the population in Iran " , she said . "  The people of Iran need fundamental change in the country and I am so optimistic that they will see this change in the country in the future . "	United States must speak out more on Iranian government 's actions , ex-Obama adviser says U.S. must be open to negotiations with Iran on nuclear issues , Ray Takeyh says Iranian government internally is rather weak and vulnerable , Takeyh says
CNN  Journalist Steven Brill has written a new book about our dysfunctional system of health care and it 's getting a lot of attention . In "  America 's Bitter Pill : Money , Politics , Backroom Deals , and the Fight to Fix Our Broken Healthcare System , " he describes the various struggles to implement the Affordable Care Act and dissects the ongoing opposition to the bill . As a nurse , I 've always supported the ACA as a way for more Americans to get needed health care . But many people , including many nurses , view Obamacare as a government intrusion into individual lives . I can see their point of view , but I believe it 's mistaken . The ACA does not allow government to interfere in our lives ; it compels government to keep us as safe and healthy as possible . For the record , the Affordable Care Act was based on "  Romneycare , " the market-based health insurance reform that Republican Mitt Romney put in place when he was governor of Massachusetts . The ACA , like Romneycare , prohibits insurance companies from excluding patients due to preexisting conditions , requires all individuals to buy insurance  since otherwise only the sick would sign up for coverage and the system would quickly become insolvent  and offers subsidies to middle-class and low-income families to make higher-quality coverage affordable . Despite its Republican provenance and utilization of private insurance companies , though , the "  government takeover " label stuck to the ACA . And that was intentional . In his book , Brill explains that the phrase "  government takeover of health care " came from conservative pollster Frank Luntz and became a rallying cry for the enemies of the Affordable Care Act who said Obamacare would deny Americans free choice over health insurance . "  Free choice " is a tricky phrase here , because the ACA does curtail insurance choices , in that it disallows low-cost policies that do n't provide anything close to real coverage of health care costs . But the only Americans who really had free choice over their health care prior to the implementation of Obamacare were those with excellent insurance or unlimited funds of their own . Consider Brill 's story of his own aortic aneurysm and how glad he was to end up at New York-Presbyterian , one of New York 's flagship hospital systems . There , he was operated on by an MD with an impeccable record in the exact surgical repair Brill needed . His hospital stay offered "  Mother Teresa care , " and though his total bill came to $ 190,000 , his insurance paid for the bulk of it . Now consider Sean Recchi , who 's profiled in Brill 's book : A 42-year-old , non-Hodgkin lymphoma patient from Lancaster , Ohio , with health insurance that , Brill specifies , provided minimal reimbursement for health care costs . Recchi had to pay M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston $ 83,900 in advance in order to begin treatment there . M.D. Anderson is a great hospital and I 'm sure Recchi also received Mother Teresa care , but the upfront cost was enormous and the Recchis are not rich . The treatment he received did save his life , but it was obviously not free or freely chosen ; his life was at stake and he believed M.D. Anderson would save him . Contrasting these anecdotes gets to the nub of the problem with health care : when people 's lives are at stake -- as Brill 's and Recchi 's both were -- survival becomes much more important than cost . But cost of care can vary dramatically depending largely on whether someone has insurance and what the quality of that insurance is . The Affordable Care Act was intended to reduce those price disparities by better standardizing what insurance covers and what it costs , making it possible for more Americans to get the health care they need . The bill is complicated and imperfect , but it has created a much fairer system of health insurance than we had before . Brill , however , says the ACA does not go far enough in terms of controlling overall costs and improving quality . Right now , the United States pays much more for health care than any other developed country and we have worse health outcomes overall . The Affordable Care Act regulates insurance companies , but does not limit the huge profits made by pharmaceutical companies , device manufacturers or hospital administrators . That 's because the ACA would not have passed without the support of those three groups . To corral those industries and really make American health care better , cheaper and fairer will probably require government intervention . I say that because every developed country that has some version of national health care uses government regulation to control access and set prices . Any move in that direction in the U.S. , though , would bring further accusations of "  socialized medicine " and stoke the "  government takeover " fire . This is why I say we 're focusing on the wrong thing -- on principles instead of lives . And I came to that conclusion by thinking back to my own father . A country boy from Osceola , Missouri , with the gumption to become a philosophy professor , my dad deeply resents "  Fasten Seat Belt " lights in cars . "  It 's the government telling me how to drive ! " was his common complaint . And he 's right . But it 's also true that seat belts save lives when automobiles crash , and Americans have acclimated ourselves to wearing seat belts and acknowledging their value . Obamacare then , may not effectively control health care costs in the long term , but the part of it that has made insurance newly affordable for millions of Americans is not an attempt to control people 's lives , but to save them : a seat belt for travelers on our unbelievably expensive , miracle-delivering , health care highway . But do n't take my word for it . Rely instead on Steve Beshear , governor of Kentucky , quoted in Bitter Pill describing his state 's Obamacare exchange , called Kynect : "  Just have a look ... You 'll like it . It 's not about me or President Obama . It 's about you . "	Journalist Steven Brill has written a new book about our dysfunctional system of health care Theresa Brown : Many view Obamacare as a government intrusion into individual lives -- but they are mistaken
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Adventurer Steve Fossett 's ill-fated flight was simply going to be a "  Sunday drive , " but one camper who thinks he saw the plane said the craft was fighting headwinds . Steve Fossett was the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon and the first to fly a plane around the world solo without refueling . Details from a National Transportation Safety Board report released Thursday present facts about the accident that occurred September 3 , 2007 , after Fossett , 63 , took off from the airport of the Flying M Ranch outside Minden , Nevada . These fact-finding reports , which are routine , do not give causes for crashes . Officials eventually discovered the wreckage at an altitude of about 10,000 feet in the Sierra Nevadas near Mammoth Lakes , California , after a hiker reported finding Fossett 's personal effects , including identification cards , about a half-mile from the wreckage . DNA tests confirmed that skeletal fragments found near Fossett 's personal effects were his . In 2002 Fossett became the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon . Three years later he became the first to fly a plane around the world solo without refueling . Fossett also set world records in round-the-world sailing and cross-country skiing . The NTSB said the single-engine Super Decathlon "  collided with terrain while maneuvering in remote mountainous terrain approximately eight miles west-northwest of Mammoth Lakes , California , destroying the plane and killing the pilot . " The cause of death was "  multiple traumatic injuries " and "  the airplane was severely fragmented and a severe post crash fire burned most of the structure and surrounding vegetation . " The accident site was 65 miles south of the departure point . A camper thinks he saw the plane about 30 miles north of the accident site . "  The airplane was heading into the wind , and it looked like it was standing still due to the wind , " the NTSB report said . The ranch 's chief pilot prepared the plane for flight after Fossett told him at breakfast that he wanted to fly the Super Decathlon . The plane was commonly used for spotting cattle . It had hit a barbed wire fence several months earlier during a landing roll , and a new speed propeller was put on the plane . It was returned to service a month later and was flown 10 to 12 hours . The report noted that the pilot 's wife said the "  purpose of the flight was pleasure " and that she "  characterized it as ' a Sunday drive . ' " "  The pilot gave no indication that he planned to perform aerobatic maneuvers , and he was not wearing a parachute , which is required for aerobatics . He was seated in the front seat of the tandem two place airplane , " the report said . It had been previously reported that Fossett was scouting locations for an attempt to break the land speed record in a rocket-propelled car . Fossett arrived at the airport about 8:15 a.m. and conducted a preflight of the airplane in the presence of the chief pilot . A ranch employee saw the plane around 8:25 or 8:35 a.m. nine miles south of the departure strip and flying south about 150 to 200 feet about the ground . The airplane , which flew during downdrafts , was expected to return by 10:30 or 11 a.m. . When the plane did n't return , a search began . Pilots in the region were interviewed in the aftermath of the crash . One pilot said there was no "  big turbulence " and he did not have to slow up because of "  rough air . " Another pilot reported blue skies but remembers "  random clear turbulence " in a descent into Reno , Nevada . He remembers a "  random rough chop " interrupting a smooth ride , calling it a "  weird day . " A third pilot reported windiness during takeoff but said there was smooth air and dropped-off winds when he got above 10,000 feet . The accident area was "  about 300 feet below the crest of a ridge " and "  the steep terrain was sparsely forested with Ponderosa pines averaging 40 to 60 feet tall . Numerous boulders and rock outcrops surrounded by grassy areas covered the ground . "	NTSB releases facts about the September 3 , 2007 , accident that killed adventurer Steve Fossett was first to circle the globe solo in a balloon DNA tests confirmed that skeletal remains were Fossett 's
CNN  -- A few years ago , Brian Daniel was driving around Los Angeles when he spotted a neon sign for a random storage facility . The red stick figures carrying yellow boxes glowed from the mundane building . It was like it was screaming out to him . Daniel loved how a sign could go from ordinary and unremarkable during the day to "  talking to you " at night . L.A. 's neon won over the frequent traveler , who has concluded the City of Angels has the best neon anywhere . "  They have just enough peppered through the city where it just comes alive , " said Daniel , a Chicago-based headhunter . "  I was so compelled by it that for two weeks I just drove around and took pictures of neon signs . " What 's disappointing for enthusiasts like Daniel is that neon is dying . Businesses are switching to cheaper , more energy-efficient LED bulbs and municipal planning boards are zoning out neon to decrease the number of unsightly displays . "  Neon spent most of its career in this country more hated than loved in terms of being banned and put under zoning ordinances , " said neon historian Thomas Rinaldi . "  It 's an iconic part of the 20th century , but it 's been legislated out of existence in some places . There 's a vindictive attitude toward it . " Neon lights were n't always losing ground . They were once in LED 's shoes , beating out an old mode of lighting . In 1902 , just a few years after neon gas was discovered by British chemists , French engineer Georges Claude sent it coursing through electrified glass tubes , creating neon lighting . The new type of light quickly ousted incandescent bulbs , the former favorite of sign-makers . Claude started marketing neon signs in Europe and in the early 1920s came to America , where neon 's popularity exploded , said Rinaldi . In the 1930s , neon was everywhere in America . In the beginning of the decade , shops saw the glowing lights as a novelty , though an expensive one , to keep them competitive . They were installed for big corporate chain retailers like car dealers . But by the end of the decade , big businesses had found cheaper alternatives . At that point , neon became associated with less desirable businesses , Rinaldi said . Think seedy hotels and sex shops . Despite the connotation , neon continued to be a "  powerhouse industry " from the '40s through the '60s , but began a steady decline in the 1970s as even small businesses found cheaper ways to advertise . Some cities came to view the lighting as tacky and overly commercial . Not many people would know now , but Vancouver was covered in neon until it became vilified . People said the signs were garish and distracted from the city 's natural beauty . "  They 're outsized , outlandish , and outrageous . They 're desecrating our buildings , cluttering our streets , and -- this is the final indignity -- blocking our view of some of the greatest scenery in the world , " Vancouver Sun columnist Tom Ardies wrote in 1966 , as quoted in a 2011 Sun article . It was n't just Vancouver turning off the neon . The Big Apple went from tens of thousands of signs in the '70s to just a few hundred across the five boroughs today , said Rinaldi , author of "  New York Neon . " Across the United States , the use of neon signs saw another sharp dip in the late 2000s , according to a survey by trade magazine Signs of the Times . Signs were illuminated by 33 % neon and 23 % LEDs in 2007 , but the tables had turned by 2010 . By then LEDs more than doubled the use of neon , 40 % to 18 % . In the last few years , even Hong Kong , with its rows of iconic neon-lit streets , has started to turn to LEDs . Despite its commercial decline , neon has still enjoyed periods of popularity as an art form , experts say . "  It 's that color , it 's that light , " said Kim Koga , an artist who started working with neon in the late '80s , and is now the director of the Neon Art Museum in Los Angeles . "  It 's kind of magical , even though it 's a mixture of a chemistry project and magic . " For Houston native and long-time neon fan Randall Brelsford , the lighting is a message from another time . "  I always loved neon because it was a representation of the future from the people of the past , " he said . "  There 's something that 's just so romantic about dark and neon . It can be really sleazy or it can be really romantic . It 's a really adaptive light . " Preserving neon and making people aware of it has become the mission of the Neon Art Museum , as well as the other big museum in the U.S. , the Neon Museum in Las Vegas . The Los Angeles museum started in the '80s , as signs were coming down around the city . Koga knows the museum ca n't possibly fit all the neon signs it saves , but collectors and enthusiasts have helped take in some of the larger signs . "  Making people aware of its unique history in America and the value of it has turned things around in L.A. , " she said . "  There are enough examples that have awakened developers to the value of neon signs on their buildings . Now they want to put a neon sign on their buildings to give it that look . "	Neon lights are fading as cities ban signs and switch to cheaper LEDs New York , Vancouver and Hong Kong are examples of where neon is disappearing quickly Neon 's heyday in America was in the 1930s Have a favorite neon sign we missed ? Share your photos with CNN iReport
CNN  -- The iPhone 4S -- Apple 's newest creation -- quietly went on pre-sale at 12 a.m. on Friday . The homepage of the company 's website , however , remained a dedication to the company 's co-founder , Steve Jobs , who died on Wednesday after a history of pancreatic cancer . The phone , which has been panned by some critics who say it 's more of a facelift to the iPhone 4 than a new product , features a faster dual-core processor and a camera with 8 megapixels of resolution . It also has a "  humble personal assistant " named Siri , which responds to voice commands and talks back to you . Apple 's new CEO , Tim Cook , unveiled the phone on Tuesday , a day before Jobs ' death was announced . The phone 's price ranges from $ 200 to $ 400 with a two-year wireless contract . It 's available on AT&T , Verizon and , for the first time , on Sprint 's network . The iPhone 4S goes on sale in stores on October 14 in the following countries : United States , Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Japan and the UK . The new iPhone will be available in 22 additional countries by the end of October , Apple says . Pre-sale orders can be placed at Apple 's online store , as well as on AT&T , Verizon and Sprint 's websites . All of those brick-and-mortar retail stores also will carry the phone , along with select Apple-approved retailers -- which as of Friday morning had not been listed by Apple . BestBuy was making the phone available for pre-order Friday on its site . Walmart 's site said only that the iPhone 4S was "  coming soon . "	iPhone 4S went on pre-sale at 12 a.m. Friday The phone is faster and has a better camera than the previous version It will be available in stores on October 14 Phone is available to Sprint customers for the first time
Two men in Thailand are in trouble with the law thanks to an Instagram photo posted by pop star Rihanna during her recent visit to the holiday island of Phuket . The singer was visiting Phuket for a few days between stops on her Diamonds World Tour , departing on Sunday for Singapore . Opinion : Rihanna is spot on about Phuket problems During Rihanna 's visit she shared many of her experiences on Twitter and Instagram , including a photo of her holding a loris -- an endangered primate native to Southeast Asia . The Instagram picture , believed to have been taken at Phuket nightlife hotspot Bangla Road , was captioned "  Look who was talkin dirty to me ! " and "  liked " by more than 230,000 viewers . The problem is , it 's illegal for anyone to charge tourists money to take photos with the endangered primates -- an issue wildlife groups have long been trying to stamp out on the island . More : 12 international laws you may not realize you 're breaking Thai authorities react swiftly Officials in Thailand quickly went on the defensive when outrage over Rihanna 's loris image spread . The government ordered the Ministry of Natural Resources and local Phuket officials to urgently investigate the matter , reported local website Phuketnews.com . Sunday night , a raid on suspected touts led to the arrest of two men , aged 16 and 20 , who were taken to a local police station and presented to the media . "  It is very difficult to do the raids because the touts have spies , " Awat Nithikul , leader of the patrol officers , told The Phuket News . "  If someone hears that the police are coming their way , there will be a person who calls the touts and tells them to move . But this is a big deal because it might affect Thailand 's reputation . " The newspaper says the two arrested touts are waiting to be bailed , and the two lorises in their possession will be returned to a national park in the nearby province of Phang Nga . More : 6 most cliched Bangkok tourist photo ops Rihanna 's X-rated experiences It was n't just the loris issue that stirred up controversy during Rihanna 's visit . Rihanna 's tweets about her X-rated experiences relating to some of the country 's more infamous tourist attractions also led to red-faced explanations by embarrassed officials . According to the Bangkok Post , an English-language daily newspaper , Rihanna 's tweets led to one official saying , "  Sex shows were completely against the law . " "  The authorities and law officials have surveyed the area to arrest and fine those involved -LSB- in staging sex shows -RSB- , " he said . "  But the shows still happen . " On the flip side , some of the photos posted during Rihanna 's holiday will likely be appreciated by the local tourism industry -- including multiple shots of her in bathing suits that show off the area 's gorgeous scenery -- given she does have more than 9.7 million Instagram followers . Opinion : Rihanna is spot on about Phuket problems	Two Thais arrested after Rihanna posts Instagram photo of endangered loris in Phuket Illegal to charge tourists money to take photos with the endangered primates Rihanna also tweets about visit to bizarre Thailand sex shows
Capitol Hill  CNN  -- The red wave that swept Republicans into control of the Senate led to the defeat of the last white House Democrat in the deep South on Tuesday . Georgia Rep John Barrow , a pro-gun , fiscally conservative Democrat , who was running for his sixth term , lost to Republican businessman Rick Allen . The same night that the last white Southern Democrat serving in the House lost , South Carolina elected Tim Scott , an African American Republican , to the Senate in South Carolina . Scott becomes the first African American to be elected in the South and the first to start a full term since Reconstruction . University of Georgia Political Science Professor Charles Bullock told CNN on Tuesday that thirty years ago virtually all districts in Congress from the deep south were represented by white Democrats , but with Barrow 's loss "  they 've become extinct . " Louisiana Democratic Senator Mary Landrieu is in a run off with Republican Rep Bill Cassidy that will be decided on December 6th . Related : 9 historic firsts of the GOP wave Related : Scott first black senator elected in South since Reconstruction "  Democrats have fallen about as far as they can , " Bullock said He noted that Republicans , who took over Governorship and state legislatures , redrew House districts to elect African American Democrats to represent minority areas , they made the other districts more reliably Republican . Also as the moderate and conservative white House Democrats from the area retired , or in some cases switched parties , they were replaced by conservative Republicans . Unless Democrats take back state houses and can readjust the shape of congressional districts in the deep south , Bullock said white Democrats "  may be looking at being closed out of Congressional delegations until the 2030 's . " Republicans have been hoping to knock off Barrow - who survived the 2010 tea party wave that flipped control of the House of Representatives to the GOP - for several cycles . One senior House GOP campaign strategist admitted that he was one of the toughest incumbents , and a day before the election believed the race was neck and neck . But on election night it was n't even close -- Barrow lost to Allen 55 % -45 % . The Georgia Democrat regularly touted his endorsement from the National Rifle Association , and was well known for his colorful campaign commercials . One television spot that Barrow aired this fall pushed back at charges he was n't going his job . It featured a woman who Barrow helped secure her husband 's veterans benefits , declaring bluntly "  anybody who says John Barrow is n't getting things done is lying like a no legged dog . " But Barrow was not conservative enough to keep his seat . With his loss the House delegations of all of the deep southern states - Alabama , Georgia , Mississippi , South Carolina and Louisiana - are all composed of Republicans . Barrow frequently criticized the president and voted with House Republicans repeatedly on measures to repeal parts of Obamacare . But the National Republican Congressional Committee targeted Barrow with an ad saying he voted with the President 85 % of the time . House Democratic aides said Barrow 's loss demonstrates just how heavy the weight of President Barack Obama was around Democratic candidates . "  If anybody could win in the deep south , it 's Barrow , " one of these senior House Democratic leadership aides told CNN . The loss is also a warning sign for House Democrats whose caucus is dominated by liberal members representing mostly urban areas in blue states . When they captured the House in 2006 , Democrats recruited moderate candidates not only in red districts in the Deep South , but also in rural districts in North Carolina , Tennessee , and in Midwestern states like Indiana and Illinois . Democrats realize that if they want to regain the majority they will need to reach out to more centrist Democrats again . "  We can ' just cede the South forever . We 've got to come up with some type of strategy and look at our policies and figure out how speak to those voters in those districts , " this Democratic aide said .	The South was once dominated by Democrats , but they are now an endangered species there Congressional districts have been drawn to emphasize minority votes in some areas and conservative votes elsewhere Rep. John Barrow was the last white Democratic congressman representing the Deep South
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- As more governments approve same-sex marriage laws , officials here are hoping to attract a growing part of the tourism market : gay honeymoons . The first couple to wed under Argentina 's recent law allowing same-sex marriages nationwide arrives in Mexico this week on an all-expenses-paid trip -- part of a new push by the government in Mexico City , Mexico to woo gay travelers . "  We hope that many same-sex couples who get married around the world spend their honeymoons here , " says Alejandro Rojas , the city 's tourism secretary . In July , the city opened an office aimed at catering to gay tourists that officials describe as the first of its kind in Latin America . "  We are a very tolerant , liberal , avant-garde city , " Rojas says . Officials inaugurated the new office by cutting a rainbow-colored ribbon . Rojas said the office 's goal is to make Mexico City the No. 1 gay-friendly destination in Latin America . "  Mexico has a tradition of being a rather macho culture ... This is a sign of a very important social change , " says Argentinean architect Jose Luis David Navarro , who will be spending part of his honeymoon in Mexico City this week . The city 's tourism secretary called to congratulate Navarro and his husband soon after they wed in northern Argentina in July . For years , it was rare to see gay rights issues gaining traction in Mexico and other Latin American countries . Not anymore , according to Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts . "  Latin America currently has some of the most gay-friendly cities in the developing world , " says Corrales , who ranks cities ' gay-friendliness in a new book he co-edited , "  The Politics of Sexuality in Latin America . " Homosexuality remains a divisive issue in much of Mexico , with conservative politicians pushing for laws banning same-sex marriage in many states after Mexico City approved a gay marriage law last year . The country 's Roman Catholic Church leaders have been vocal opponents of the Mexico City law , which took effect in March and also allows married gay couples to adopt children . But Mexico City officials say they hope to set a strong example that the rest of the country will follow . Project plans for the new gay tourism office are still in the works . In addition to training local hotels and restaurants on how to be sensitive to gay clientele , officials say they hope to create maps of the city highlighting attractions for gay tourists and possibly host an international gay tourism conference . Hotels , restaurants and businesses in Mexico City have responded positively to the program so far , Rojas said . So many sponsors offered to chip in for the Argentinean couple 's free honeymoon that the city government did n't have to contribute any funds . The annual economic impact of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers is about $ 63 billion in the U.S. alone , according to Community Marketing , Inc. of San Francisco , California . On the global scale , Rojas says , that number is even greater . "  Around the world , it is a very important market , " Rojas says . Gay tourists represent 15 percent of the world 's tourism market , and they spend more money than heterosexual tourists when they travel , he says . Recognizing the commercial value of gay tourism is a positive step , Navarro says , but it also shows that more social change is needed . "  I hope that there comes a day in the future when they do n't have to have an office for gay tourists , just like there is n't an office for Asian tourists , " Navarro says . But for now , he says , he and his husband are looking forward to the chance to visit Mexico City for the first time . "  Our suitcase is already packed , " he says . "  After 27 years of happiness together , this is the icing on the cake . "	The first couple to wed under Argentina 's new same-sex marriage law arrives this week A new government tourism office in Mexico City aims to attract more gay visitors Officials hope the city will become the top destination for gay travelers in Latin America Professor : Latin America has some of the most gay-friendly cities in the developing world
CNN  -- A former Florida middle school principal stabbed four people Friday at a group home for the hearing impaired , killing two of them , then struck five others with a car , the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office said . The suspect -- identified by the sheriff 's office as Anthony Giancola -- was taken into police custody after being tracked down by K-9 unit members . He has been arrested and formally booked on two counts of first-degree murder , sheriff 's spokeswoman Cecilia Barreda said . Authorities said they first learned around 10:45 a.m. that four people had been stabbed at the group home in Lealman , a community just north of St. Petersburg . One man , later identified as 27-year-old Justin Lee Vanderbergh , was pronounced dead at the scene , the sheriff 's office said . Three women were sent to a local hospital , where one of them -- 59-year-old Mary Anne Allis -- ended up succumbing to her injuries . The other two , ages 25 and 43 , suffered what the sheriff 's office said were non-life-threatening injuries . All four stabbed were the only residents of the one-story home , Barreda said . After talking with witnesses , authorities identified the suspect as the 45-year-old Giancola . The suspect fled the scene and headed toward a motel in nearby Pinellas Park , where a man and woman were assaulted , authorities said . The sheriff 's office said the man 's injuries "  appear to be life-threatening . " From there , the suspect left and is thought to have spoken briefly to people outside a duplex before abruptly leaving , then returning in his vehicle -- slamming into three women and one man in the process . The women were all transported to an area hospital , while the man chose not to go . The sheriff 's office said the suspect then drove west and struck another person , this time a 13-year-old boy . The child suffered only minor injuries . The suspect ended up at the Egg Platter restaurant in Pinellas Park , where he left his vehicle , entered another vehicle and fled . He was detained shortly after 1 p.m. , the sheriff 's office said . Barreda explained that the sheriff 's office is only responsible for levying charges in certain areas , adding that Giancola could face more charges from police in other jurisdictions for the alleged assaults and hit-and-runs . He is now in Pinellas County Jail awaiting his initial court appearance . It was not clear whether he had retained a lawyer . This is not Giancola 's first run-in with the law . In February 2007 , when he was a principal at a middle school in Hillsborough County , he was caught buying crack cocaine from an undercover police officer -- an exchange captured on video that happened inside his principal 's office while school was in session . Months later , he pleaded guilty and that June told CNN that there was "  no excuse for my behavior . " Giancola said at his sentencing that he hoped to become a drug counselor after being released from jail . "  Before I could ever hope to go on and help anyone again , I need to help myself , " Giancola told CNN . "  I 'm very thankful I was arrested , and it kind of brought that crazy train to an end . " Then , in early 2010 , Giancola was arrested again and charged on two counts -- intent to purchase cocaine and loitering -- according to online records from the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Anthony Giancola is in custody on 2 first-degree murder counts , with more charges possible Witnesses say he stabbed 4 people at a group home for the hearing impaired , a sheriff says The suspect is accused of assaulting two others , and hitting five more with a vehicle Authorities caught Giancola , then a principal , buying crack cocaine in his office in 2007
CNN  -- An Illinois sheriff filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against the owners of craigslist , accusing the popular national classified-ad Web site of knowingly promoting prostitution . "  Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " says Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart . Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart wants craigslist to eliminate its Erotic Services section . "  Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " Dart said . "  Missing children , runaways , abused women and women trafficked in from foreign countries are routinely forced to have sex with strangers because they 're being pimped on craigslist . " The FBI found more than 2,800 child prostitution ads posted on craigslist , with Chicago , Illinois , in the top 10 cities for juvenile prostitution , Dart said . The sheriff also noted instances of what he said was child neglect while parents were engaged in activity solicited on the Web site . In an e-mailed statement , craigslist told CNN it had not seen Dart 's complaint but that "  craigslist is an extremely unwise choice for those intent on committing crimes , since criminals inevitably leave an electronic trail to themselves that law enforcement officers will follow . " "  On a daily basis , we are being of direct assistance to police departments and federal authorities nationwide , " spokeswoman Susan McTavish said . "  Misuse of craigslist to facilitate criminal activity is unacceptable , and we continue to work diligently to prevent it , " she said . "  Misuse of the site is exceptionally rare compared to how much the site is used for legal purposes . Regardless , any misuse of the site is not tolerated on craigslist . " But Dart said that the Web site for two years has ignored his written requests to shut down the Erotic Services section and failed to take action or adequately monitor the section despite hundreds of arrests . "  Pimps are preying on the most vulnerable members of our society and taking advantage of our struggling economy , " he said . "  The worst part is craigslist 's owners know their Web site is still being used for illegal purposes and they 're doing nothing to stop it . " Craigslist entered into an agreement with 43 states ' attorneys general in November to enact measures that impose restrictions on its Erotic Services section . The agreement called for the Web site to implement a phone verification system for listings that required ad posters to provide a real telephone number that would be called before the ad went public . Craigslist also imposed listing fees , requiring a credit card , for ads in the section . The proceeds were to be donated to charity . Dart called the fees "  dirty money " and said the move was a "  publicity stunt " that had little practical effect because pimps use stolen credit cards or post ads in free sections .	Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart wants craigslist to cut Erotic Services section Dart said that the Web site for 2 years ignored his requests to cut section "  Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " says Dart We help police fight illegal activity "  on a daily basis , " says craigslist spokeswoman
CNN  -- Germany striker Miroslav Klose struck just four minutes from time to give Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich a 1-0 win at Karlsruhe -- their first victory in four league games . Klose scored a vital goal for Bayern as they claimed a 1-0 Bundesliga victory at Karlsruhe . Klose converted Massimo Oddo 's cross on 86 minutes to give Jurgen Klinsmann 's side three league points for the first time this month despite another unimpressive performance . Bayern last picked up three points in a Bundesliga game on September 13 when they hammered Cologne 3-0 . Since then the gloss on Jurgen Klinsmann 's first season in charge has faded badly after Werder Bremen hammered his side 5-2 at home on September 20 and then slumped to a 1-0 defeat at minnows Hanover the following week . Cries of "  Klinsmann out ! " were first heard around Munich 's Allianz Arena in their previous league game on October 4 when a poor Bochum side were allowed to score two goals in the last 10 minutes to poach a 3-3 draw . Despite their first-half domination in Karlsruhe , Bayern could not break down the home defense and lost striker Luca Toni , the league 's top scorer last season , who limped off after 40 minutes to be replaced by Lukas Podolski . And another of Munich top attacking options from last season was substituted on 59 minutes when Klinsmann switched France midfielder Franck Ribery for Germany 's Tim Borowski . With Karlsruhe unable to create any chances and Bayern unable to convert theirs , it looked like the game was heading towards a 0-0 draw until Klose struck . But Klinsmann 's side will need to do much better against Fiorentina in Tuesday night 's Champions League game in Munich . Promoted Hoffenheim went top of the table with a flurry of late goals to seal a 5-2 victory at 10-man Hanover which put them level with Hamburg but leading the table on goal difference . Two goals from Hoffenheim 's Vedad Ibisevic led the charge and made the Bosnian and Herzegovina striker the league 's top scorer with nine so far this season . However , Hamburg have the chance to recapture top spot when they host Schalke on Sunday . Also on Saturday , Bayer Leverkusen moved up one place to third place thanks to their 2-0 win at Eintracht Frankfurt . Striker Patrick Helmes scored his eighth league goal of the season when he converted a penalty after just six minutes and a 61st minute header from Chilean midfielder Arturo Vidal sealed the win . Stuttgart drop from third to sixth in the table after losing 2-1 at Hertha Berlin while Wolfsburg picked up their first league win for nearly a month as midfielder Zvjezdan Misimovic netted first-half goals in a 4-1 win over Arminia Bielefeld to put Felix Magath 's side fifth in the table . Ten-man Energie Cottbus lost 1-0 at Cologne to stay in the bottom three while Dortmund scored in injury time to seal a 3-3 draw at Werder Bremen .	Miroslav Klose scores only goal to give Bayern Munich a 1-0 win at Karlsruhe Klose 's 86th minute strike is enough to end German champions ' win drought Hoffenheim top of table with flurry of late goals to seal a 5-2 victory at Hanover
CNN  -- Jenna and Barbara Bush know a lot about growing up in the White House . The Bush twins told Sasha and Malia Obama to "  remember who your dad really is . " The twin daughters of former President Bush were 7 when their grandfather , former President George H.W. Bush , was inaugurated , and 20 when their father became president . Like their dad , who left a note for President Barack Obama , Jenna and Barbara Bush wrote Tuesday to Obama 's daughters about what to expect in the weeks and months ahead . "  We also first saw the White House through the innocent , optimistic eyes of children , " the twins wrote in an open letter published in Tuesday 's Wall Street Journal . Growing up in the White House " The twins reminisce in the letter about important events and historic moments they were able to be part of in a presidential family . But the Bushes also tried to prepare Sasha and Malia for some sobering truths . "  Although it 's an honor and full of so many extraordinary opportunities , it is n't always easy being a member of the club you are about to join , " they said . "  Our dad , like yours , is a man of great integrity and love ; a man who always put us first . We still see him now as we did when we were 7 : as our loving daddy . " But as their father was increasingly criticized in the media and mocked by late night comedians , the twins said they learned a lesson . "  He is our father , not the sketch in a paper or part of a skit on TV , " they wrote . "  Many people will think they know him , but they have no idea how he felt the day you were born , the pride he felt on your first day of school , or how much you both love being his daughters . So here is our most important piece of advice : Remember who your dad really is . " It helps , wrote the Bushes , to surround yourself with loyal friends . The rest of the letter was more lighthearted , with the twins sharing some of their favorite memories of living in the White House , including playing house and hide-and-seek in what many children would consider to be the ultimate playground . "  When we played house , we sat behind the East Sitting Room 's massive curtains as the light poured in illuminating her yellow walls , " the girls said . "  Our 7-year-old imaginations soared as we played in the enormous , beautiful rooms ; our dreams , our games , as romantic as her surroundings . At night , the house sang us quiet songs through the chimneys as we fell asleep . " They also told the Obama girls to embrace any opportunity they had : "  When your dad throws out the first pitch for the Yankees , go to the game . " "  In fact , go to anything and everything you possibly can : the Kennedy Center for theater , state dinners , Christmas parties  the White House staff party is our favorite !  , museum openings , arrival ceremonies , and walks around the monuments . " "  Just go , " they wrote . The twins also reminded Sasha and Malia to be themselves -- kids -- saying even if they travel over holidays like Halloween , the girls should dress up and trick-or-treat down a plane aisle . "  Slide down the banister of the solarium , go to T-ball games , have swimming parties , and play Sardines on the White House lawn , " the Bush girls said . "  Have fun and enjoy your childhood in such a magical place to live and play . " Jenna and Barbara Bush told the girls to cherish the pet that their father so publicly promised them . "  Sometimes you 'll need the quiet comfort that only animals can provide , " they said . "  Four years goes by so fast , " they wrote . "  So absorb it all , enjoy it all ! "	Bush twins tell new first kids not to let sketches , skits of dad get to them Jenna , Barbara Bush tell them to embrace every opportunity Twins talk of playing house , hide-and-seek in historic White House Girls say to slide down solarium banister , trick-or-treat on plane if away from home
French gastronomy is a male-dominated world , and its centuries-old traditions are fiercely protected . So , although Anne-Sophie Pic is the daughter and granddaughter of Michelin-starred chefs , it was not always clear she would continue the family tradition . But in 2007 , with no formal training , Pic became the only female chef in France  and only the fourth woman in history  to earn the culinary world 's top honor -- a three-Michelin-star rating -- for her family 's restaurant , La Maison Pic , in the Rhone-Alpes town of Valence . While in 2011 , she was voted World 's Best Female Chef as part of the World 's 50 Best Restaurants Awards . Pic believes her success comes because of , not in spite of , being a woman . She considers the lighthearted taste combinations she has pioneered to be an expression of her femininity : Diners at her flagship restaurant can eat turbot flavored with jasmine , veal sweetbreads flavored with lavender and oysters with sorrel jelly and licorice yoghurt . The men in Pic 's life are also important to her success , though . Having left her hometown as a teenager to study management , Pic returned to Valence , aged 23 , to learn cooking from her father , shortly before he died . Now 42 , she has a six-year-old son and works with her husband to run La Maison Pic , which has expanded to include a boutique hotel , a cooking school and a casual bistro . In 2009 , Pic opened another Michelin-starred restaurant in Lausanne , and launched a gastronomic foundation for children . Her first Paris restaurant , La Dame de Pic , opens in September . Here , Pic speaks to CNN about the influence of family and femininity on her work . On the glass ceiling ... In the very beginning -- I 'm talking about 20 years ago -- the profession was not open-minded enough to accept a woman in this job , and I felt that very strongly . That can awaken something very strong , though . Little by little , I realized that being a woman could be a strength . It 's another way of thinking about cuisine . It 's another way of managing people , also . On femininity ... All my emotions are feminine , so I have this feminine way in my cooking . I think some men are able to make very feminine cuisine , but they are perhaps more focused on technique , less on developing the emotional part . My great grandmother taught my grandfather how to cook , so the family cuisine came from a woman . On travel ... I left to study business in Paris because I did n't know what I wanted to do . I spent six months in Japan and six months in the United States . It was good experience . I discovered Japanese cuisine . I discovered Champagne . I was far from my family and I had a chance to grow . From others , I discovered the beauty of my father 's job . I needed to leave to understand that . On entering the family business ... I decided to return home in '92 to learn from my father . I spent three months with him . We talked a lot . It was a beautiful time . Unfortunately , that September , he passed away . Of course , it was a shock . How to manage without him ? I was in the kitchen but it was difficult because I missed him a lot . I decided to work in reception , but when we lost a -LSB- Michelin -RSB- star in ' 95 , I decided to return to the kitchen . I felt I had lost my father 's third star , and I had to get it again for him . On success ... The main change was that the phone kept ringing all the time . It was like a tsunami . And even though it 's an honor , when you get the third star you now must give more effort , more energy to maintain standards and even improve the organization . On trust ... If you are fully booked all the time , you need to have more employees and to train them . I was quite afraid of development . Because I 'm a perfectionist , I could n't trust a team not working with me everyday . But because I 'm also a mother , I have to trust people . I 'm not in the kitchen all day ; I am sometimes with my son . It can be an adventure to trust people . On being a mother ... I was married , I became a mother , and it changed me a lot . It gave me more maturity in my cuisine , also . I used to say , it 's more important for me to be a mother than to be a chef , because if I do n't feel all is well with my child , I 'm not able to work well . So , it influences my creativity . And it balances my character : I 'm a perfectionist , but when I go home , I can forget all my troubles . On her typical day ... I wake at seven in the morning and get my child ready for school . I go to work at nine , beginning in the kitchen . If I have appointments with suppliers or if I 'm experimenting , I do that very , very early in the morning because that 's the time I feel better . Then there is a lunch service , appointments , discussions about cooking with my assistant . Three times a week , I try to pick my son up from school . Then my husband comes home . We try to dine together , because it 's the only part of the day all of the family is together . On mentoring women ... I 'm very attentive to the women in the kitchen . I 'm always acting like a mother , looking at their face to see if everything is all right , because I know that physically , they can tire before men . Mentally , they are strong . On her husband 's role ... I let him manage everything but the cuisine . The only thing is -- and he knows this -- it has to be feminine . When people come here , they have to feel something the moment they enter the house . His work is as important as mine , but he accepts not being in the spotlight and , for me , that 's proof of intelligence . And love , of course . On advice for others ... The main thing is to develop your own talent . Sometimes it takes a lot for people to understand what they are on Earth for . You have to trust yourself . When I first started , I did n't know how to cook . I was a woman . I lost my teacher -- my father . But there 's always a way to transform negative to positive . You have to believe in yourself . I do n't believe in myself all the time , but something inside me tells me , ` It 's your job . You have to express your sensibility . ' The point is -- and nobody can do it except you -- to find what you are made for .	Anne-Sophie Pic comes from a long line of Michelin-starred chefs In 2007 , she won the coveted three-star Michelin rating for her restaurant , La Maison Pic She was named World 's Best Female Chef in 2011 Pic says femininity helped her overcome the patriarchal nature of French cuisine
CNN  It used to be that the way to literary fame and fortune was to write the Great American Novel . Nowadays , it 's more useful to mine your past -- or someone else 's . So we are awash in memoirs and biographies . In 2007 , more memoirs were accepted by publishers than debut novels , reported an industry newsletter . The trend has shown no signs of abating . How can you separate the promising from the pulp ? Amazon has come to the rescue . The mammoth online store , which remains a dominant bookseller , just issued a list of "  100 Biographies & Memoirs to Read in a Lifetime . " Readers can chime in with their own choices via Goodreads , an Amazon affiliate . The list is the latest of Amazon 's list compilations .  Last year the company did a general fiction/nonfiction list of "  100 Books to Read in a Lifetime . " "  A lot of people were saying , ' I love to read biographies ' and it was going to be Presidents ' Day , and we thought of all the presidential biographies , so we said let 's do biographies , " said Sara Nelson , Amazon 's Editorial Director . The Amazon staff compiled a list of about 200 books and winnowed it down to the final 100 . Among their choices : Bill Bryson 's "  A Walk in the Woods , " Mary Karr 's "  The Liar 's Club , " Elie Wiesel 's "  Night , " "  The Andy Warhol Diaries " and Alexander Solzhenitsyn 's "  The Gulag Archipelago . " Naturally , the staff here at CNN had some worthy books that did n't make Amazon 's list . Here are 10 more suggestions , in alphabetical order by author : "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , " Jean-Dominique Bauby The writing of Bauby 's slim 1997 memoir is a story in itself . The author , a French magazine editor , suffered a stroke that left him with "  locked-in syndrome " -- physically paralyzed but mentally present . He wrote the book by blinking his left eyelid . In it , he recalls the events of his life and demonstrates that even though the body is immobilized the mind can still wander freely . Bauby 's book was made into a 2007 movie . "  All Over But the Shoutin ' , " Rick Bragg Bragg , a former New York Times reporter , describes his life growing up poor in northern Alabama and his struggle to escape the cycle of poverty that claimed many of his neighbors . "  Bragg is showing us a place we have not seen before , not quite like this , " wrote Anthony Walton in The New York Times Book Review in a 1997 review . "  The Long Season , " Jim Brosnan Amazon has Jim Bouton 's hilarious and revelatory "  Ball Four " on its list , but before Bouton 's diary there was Brosnan 's 1960 chronicle , detailing his pitching life in a season with the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds . It was "  the first honest portrayal of the life of a baseball player , " wrote Mark Armour for the Society of American Baseball Research , and remains a crackling good read . "  The Night of the Gun , " David Carr Before Carr , who died last week at age 58 , was a well-respected media reporter for The New York Times he was a drug addict -- the kind of irresponsible dope hound who would leave his children in a car on a freezing Minnesota night while he went to score . "  The Night of the Gun , " from 2008 , tells how he hit rock bottom and worked his way back up -- while willing to investigate his life with the same kind of unsentimental focus he brought to his columns . "  The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace , " Jeff Hobbs Hobbs ' book , released late last year , describes the life of Robert Peace , an African-American from Newark , New Jersey , who became a standout student at Yale , came back to his hometown to teach and then was shot to death at age 30 . Hobbs , his college roommate , is determined to show that "  Rob Peace was not a cliche , " as he told NPR . The book has received outstanding reviews . "  How to Be a Woman , " Caitlin Moran Moran , a columnist for the Times of London , published this half-memoir , half-manifesto in 2011 . She 's a staunch feminist and bluntly casts a wide net : "  Do you have a vagina ? Do you want to be in charge of it ? " she asks . She takes on the idea of womanhood versus the reality and makes you laugh in the process . "  The joy of this book is just that : the joy , " wrote Miranda Sawyer in The Guardian . "  John Lennon : The Life , " Philip Norman There are plenty of terrific Beatles biographies -- just a couple years ago , Mark Lewisohn published "  Tune In , " the first volume of his projected three-volume work on the Fabs -- but few good ones about the band members as individuals . Norman , who wrote the Beatles bio "  Shout ! " in 1981 , published his 800-page biography of Lennon in 2008 and managed to capture a well-rounded portrait of a complex man . "  Twelve Years a Slave , " Solomon Northup The basis for the Oscar-winning best picture still packs a wallop more than 150 years after it was first published . Northup , a free man living in upstate New York , was kidnapped on a trip to Washington , sold into slavery and spent the next 12 years at a Louisiana plantation . "  If I have failed in anything , " Northup wrote , "  it has been in presenting to the reader too prominently the bright side of the picture . " Essential . "  You 'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again , " Julia Phillips Phillips was a rarity in early - '70s Hollywood : a woman producer . She and her then-husband Michael had a hand in three major films -- the Oscar-winning "  The Sting , " "  Taxi Driver " and "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind " -- but , thanks to a drug addiction , she had a precipitous fall . "  You 'll Never Eat Lunch , " which came out in 1991 , can be hard to read but offers a distinctive take from an even more distinctive personality . "  Samuel Pepys : The Unequaled Self , " Claire Tomalin And then there 's Pepys , whose detailed diary of 17th-century London life has become a model for both detail  want to know how surgery was conducted in the 1650s ? Really ?  and candor . Tomalin 's work provides an overview of Pepys ' life and context on why it , and his diaries , remain significant .	Amazon has issued a list of "  100 Biographies & Memoirs to Read in a Lifetime " List includes books about Anne Frank , Ernest Hemingway , Winston Churchill , Tina Fey CNN came up with our own list of 10 more
CNN  -- When Congress passed the last truly major immigration reform , the 1965 Immigration Act that opened the door to the modern era of mass immigration to the United States , it was supported by three-quarters of Democratic lawmakers and 85 % of Republicans . That 's the right way to pass big laws that can have transformative effects on a society . With the House of Representatives now tangling over immigration reform following passage of a comprehensive Senate bill last month , there seems little prospect for anything approaching that level of comity . Indeed , as Congress heads to its August break , many have declared the Senate immigration reform bill dead on arrival . But the road ahead may not be as impassable as it seems . A new poll from a pro-immigration Republican group shows that nearly three-quarters of Republican voters would support a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants if coupled with tougher border security . There is surprising bipartisan agreement on most of the Senate bill 's provisions and plausible paths on the very tough issues that still divide the two parties . Here 's a way to get across the finish line :  Emphasize agreement . Expanding high-skilled immigration , luring immigrant entrepreneurs , requiring employers to verify the legal status of new hires and admitting more farmworkers all enjoy overwhelming bipartisan backing . The Democrats have also agreed to eliminate the diversity visa lottery and end family visas for brothers and sisters of new U.S. citizens , responding to longstanding GOP concerns that the current system is too generous to those with weak ties to the United States . As they meet with their constituents in August , lawmakers should emphasize that these measures would be a shot in the arm for the still anemic U.S. economy and would go a long way to discouraging future illegal immigration .  Cut losses . There are , to be sure , many members of the House who will not vote for any sort of comprehensive immigration legislation , and there 's no point in supporters of reform wasting their time to try to win them over . Democrats have put together a list of more than 100 House Republicans who might be persuaded to support broader immigration reform .  Do n't trust . Even potential Republican supporters do not trust the Obama administration on enforcement , particularly on securing the Mexican border , and there is little reason to think this view will change . Fortunately , these lawmakers do n't need to . This bill will set immigration rules for a generation ; President Barack Obama will be gone in a few years . What is needed is a closer , ongoing relationship between Congress and the professionals responsible for border security -- the Border Patrol and Customs and Border Protection agents . The House Homeland Security Committee already passed a bill in May -- unanimously -- that would be an important start , because it requires those agencies to develop , present to Congress and carry out a clear strategy for further securing the border . For the GOP to reject the new border enforcement resources that will come with an immigration bill because they do n't trust Obama is like refusing to pay for new Pentagon weapons programs as long as Democrats are in charge . Border security must be an ongoing mission of national importance that , like national defense , requires a close working relationship between the professionals in uniform and the politicians -- one that transcends the party in power .  And verify . Verification is particularly difficult because the administration has not provided Congress with any good measures for success on immigration enforcement at all . The Senate bill instead just spends more -- doubling yet again the number of agents and building more fencing . But as we 've learned from the public schools , more money does not always equal better results . Instead , Congress should demand performance and accountability on such key measures as the apprehension rate of illegal border crossers and the number of those who overstay visas . Fortunately , these provisions are already in the House Homeland Security Committee bill . Emphasizing this fact would meet a key demand of many wavering GOP members -- to demonstrate genuine results on border security rather than just throwing more money at the problem .  Many paths to citizenship , or not . All but the staunchest opponents of immigration reform accept that most of the 11 million unauthorized immigrants here today can not simply be deported . But the Democrats ' insistence on a certain , if lengthy , path to citizenship for all is misplaced . The fact is that many of the unauthorized will never seek citizenship ; of the 2.7 million who were legalized by the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act , a little more than 1 million later became citizens , fewer than four out of 10 . This low number is not an argument for denying citizenship ; a great strength of the United States has been to integrate immigrants as full members of society , and the bill needs to hold open that possibility . But the first priority for both parties should be to free those 11 million from the daily threat of being fired , arrested and deported . Instead of a special path to citizenship , there could be many paths -- quicker for young people , for example , but through normal work and family channels for others . As with immigrants who try to enter through legal channels , some may never qualify for citizenship . While this will be the toughest issue to resolve , leaders in both parties should be able to find a sensible compromise . Already there is significant movement ; House Republicans are working on a version of the DREAM Act to allow the children of unauthorized immigrants to become citizens , a policy they had long rejected . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , who championed immigration reform despite strong criticism in his home state , has said that if Congress fails this time , it will be a generation before it dares to take up the issue again . There is no need to wait that long ; the pieces for an ambitious and broadly supported bill are all in place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Alden .	Edward Alden says immigration reform can be passed with bipartisan support Alden : Parties must stress areas of agreement ; advocates should give up wooing "  no " voters Border security bill mandates enforcement accountability and should placate GOP , he says Alden : Priority of parties should be to remove constant threat of arrest , deportation
CNN  -- Husband-and-wife stars of the popular reality TV show "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey " pleaded not guilty Wednesday to a slew of federal fraud charges . Their trial has been scheduled for October 8 . Attorneys for Teresa Giudice , 41 , and Giuseppe "  Joe " Giudice , 43 , spoke Wednesday afternoon before the couple made their second court appearance . Attorney Miles Feinstein said the couple will not be testifying against each other in the case , which he said they expect to win . The couple is also planning to appear on the Bravo network 's live after-show following the final episode of "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey , " according to their lawyers . The Giudices were indicted on 39 counts , including conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud , bank fraud , making false statements on loan applications , and bankruptcy fraud . HLNtv.com : Read the full indictment against the ` Real Housewives of New Jersey ' stars Authorities say the Giudices exaggerated their income while applying for loans before "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey " debuted in 2009 . The indictment says the couple then hid their fortunes while filing for bankruptcy . The indictment also charges Giuseppe Giudice with failure to file tax returns for tax years 2004 through 2008 , during which time he allegedly earned nearly $ 1 million . During their court appearance on July 30 , the Giudices were released on $ 500,000 bond each , along with several restrictions : They had to surrender their passports , and they were n't allowed to leave New York or New Jersey until their next hearing , which happened Wednesday . The judge is now allowing the couple to travel out of the area with a three-day notice . HLNtv.com : ` Housewives ' stars free on bond Teresa Giudice released a statement to HLN after being charged , saying she plans to stand by her man throughout the ordeal . "  Today is a most difficult day for our family . I support Joe and , as a wonderful husband and father , I know he wants only the best for our lovely daughters and me . I am committed to my family and intend to maintain our lives in the best way possible , which includes continuing my career . As a result , I am hopeful that we will resolve this matter with the Government as quickly as possible . " The prosecuting attorney has also said authorities may pursue immigration charges against Giuseppe Giudice , who is an Italian citizen . He could face deportation . If convicted , the couple faces up to 30 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine . Bravo , the network that airs "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey , " told HLN it has no comment on the charges or the hearing .	Teresa and Joe Giudice are accused of 39 counts including mail and wire fraud Their trial is set for October 8 Their show 's network had no comment
CNN  -- Jack Welch , the former chief executive of General Electric , was unhappy that the Labor Department reported a 0.3 percentage point decline in the unemployment rate on Friday . In fact , he was sufficiently unhappy that he accused the Obama administration of using its control over the Labor Department to cook the numbers in a tweet just after the unemployment rate was reported . He even repeated the claim in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece on Wednesday . Perhaps Welch could get away with this sort of temper tantrum nonsense when he was running one of the biggest companies in the world , but he will only get ridicule pushing this line in policy debates . Either Welch does n't have any clue about how the unemployment data are collected , or he is just a liar . First , it is important to understand that the Bureau of Labor Statistics -- the division of the Labor Department that reports data on unemployment -- is run by career civil servants . Ordinarily , the commissioner is a well-respected academic economist who is appointed by the president . However , since the previous commissioner left this year , John Galvin , a career civil servant , stepped up to fill the role of acting commissioner . This means the bureau does not have a single political appointee . Fortune : Welch says he 's quitting It is also important to understand the way the data for the survey are compiled and published . The survey involves hundreds of people at various stages in the process of collecting and compiling the data . Even if Galvin or some other top official in the bureau wanted to lie about the numbers , they could n't possibly do it alone . Suppose they just changed the unemployment rate from a "  true " rate of 8.1 % to a bogus 7.8 % rate . They would have the problem that this 7.8 % number was inconsistent with the data on unemployment rates for whites and African-Americans . Or it would turn out to be inconsistent with the data on unemployment for young people and old people . If the perp just changed the overall unemployment rate , hundreds of experts would quickly find that numbers did not add up . The drop in the unemployment rate would not be consistent with other data in the survey . This would be easily detected . In order to successfully manipulate the data , it would be necessary to change hundreds of numbers that get reported each month . This would require the cooperation of dozens of top people at the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Maybe in Welch 's world , it is possible to go around with a big wad of money and buy off people at the drop of a hat , but the idea that someone from the Obama administration wandered through the top echelons of the Bureau of Labor Statistics to buy their cooperation in fixing the unemployment numbers is absurd on its face . Perhaps someone could be found who would be willing to be bought , but the rest would be singing their story on the national news . The other problem with Welch 's charge is that he obviously has no knowledge of the unemployment series itself . In fact , it is common for the numbers to jump around . He found it incredible that the unemployment rate fell by 0.5 percentage points over two months when the economy appears to be growing slowly . How about when it fell by 0.7 percentage points from November 2010 to January 2011 , when growth was also very weak ? Was this political manipulation of the data ? On the other side , the unemployment rate jumped by 0.2 percentage points in the summer of 1996 , when the economy was growing at a 7.1 % annual rate . If Welch knew the data at all or bothered to talk to someone who knew the data before he made his outlandish charges , he would realize that the unemployment rate is an erratic series . It moves around in unpredictable ways . I am on record as saying that Friday 's drop in the unemployment rate was a statistical fluke . So was the 0.1 percentage point rise reported for July . But the economy has been adding 150,000 jobs per month , which is consistent with a declining unemployment rate . To get a full picture of the economy , you have to study the all the data and try to put together pieces of the puzzle . That may not fit Welch 's political agenda , but that is the world we live in . The economists and statisticians at the Bureau of Labor Statistics may not be the most exciting people in the world , but they are honest . And for that , we should be very grateful . When we get data from them , we know that it has not been doctored for political purposes . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Baker .	Jack Welch expanded on his suspicions about jobs numbers being manipulated Dean Baker : Welch has no real knowledge about how statistics are assembled Baker : Career civil servants put numbers together based on data that tend to be erratic Agency 's workers are honest , not subject to political pressure , he says
CNN  -- Nadir Lalani , arrived in the United Kingdom in the recession-hit 1970s from Tanzania and started a small corner shop . Since then , he has expanded his successful budget retail business ' 99p Stores ' , throughout the country . The stores , where everything is sold for 99 pence and are equivalent to dollar stores in the United States , have grown rapidly especially during the global downturn . Lalani now operates more than 100 stores in Britain and serves around 1.5 million customers each week . Times are tough on the British High street but Lalani has managed to open 40 new stores in one year as a growing number of consumers go on the hunt for a bargain . Lalani , who is of Pakistani origin , shares his experience of building a recession-proof business with CNN 's Erin Maclaughlin in this edited version of their conversation below . CNN : How successful is this business ? Nadir Lalani : I would say we are very very successful today . Our growth is very , very good compared to anybody else . We bring 2,000 people , customers to our store minimum . 2,000 customers a day is a lot . And once people do come , they stick with us . Because we sell very , very cheap quality good stuff . CNN : You have gone from running a corner shop to a massively successful business in the middle of economic downturn . What are some of the secrets to your success ? Nadir Lalani : Key to our success is ` buying ' . We make very fast decisions . Whatever people want to sell . They say we want to get rid of this stock . And we buy those stocks straight away . So no , we do n't mess about it . CNN : What is your strategy ? How do you get your prices so low ? Nadir Lalani : The prices we sell at , nobody can match us , we sell much cheaper than any of the multipurpose -- the brand we bring in , the price -- so people just come in , you will see in just a few minutes , hundreds of people , hundreds of people literally . See also : Worst of times prove best for luxury brands CNN : How has Britain 's economic downturn been a catalyst for your success ? Nadir Lalani : With the downturn , we find it more and more ... the middle class people are coming in our store and then they come in and they are surprised what they have been paying Tesco . The prices are so much cheaper , and it is the same brand . Because we sell a lot of branded products . CNN : Do you think the economic downturn has helped your business model in some ways ? Nadir Lalani : Yeah ... to certain extent , yes , definitely . Like , if you look at November , Britain 's retail sales were down . We were seven percent up , like for like , which is very , very good in this climate . There are very few companies who would have achieved that . CNN : And why is that ? Nadir Lalani : It 's just the product . What we offer to our customer , is unbelievable value . Even a multimillionaire likes a bargain . CNN : How has your experience in Africa aided the growth of your business ? Nadir Lalani : You see in Africa , when you do business , it 's more trading , and the trading element helps us a lot here . We are just traders . Buy cheap , sell cheap . See also : Agriculture must play ` critical role ' in Africa 's future CNN : How do you view the African market ? Nadir Lalani : I would like to go back and invest there . CNN : And why do you think it 's a good place to invest ? Nadir Lalani : Because the market is still young . There are a lot potentials there . I am looking for a moment to invest there you know . Manufacturing , that 's what they need . Because they do n't want to spend their currency , foreign exchange importing . They need manufacture locally , they need industry in Africa . So they can be more dependable on themselves .	Nadir Lalani , founder of 99p Stores talks about growing a business in recession Lalani says the key to the success of his business is making fast decisions in buying Recession helps his business model as it profits from offering better value , says Lalani Lalani says he is also looking for opportunities in investing in manufacturing in Africa
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Mel Gibson and his ex-girlfriend , Oksana Grigorieva , agreed on something Monday : how to dress for battle . The actor and the mother of his 1-year-old daughter , Lucia , both wore dark sunglasses , black business suits and emotionless expressions as they walked into a Los Angeles courtroom for a child custody hearing . Since reporters were dismissed soon after Judge Scott Gordon called their case , it is unknown if the former couple agreed on anything else . It would be unexpected , judging from their split earlier this year . Grigorieva was on the stand Monday morning , while her mother and the woman who works for Gibson as the baby 's nanny were waiting to testify in the afternoon session . Gibson and Grigorieva last met in the same courtroom on November 10 for a daylong hearing that included squabbles over attorneys ' fees , child support and whether they should be allowed to talk freely to the media about the family law case . Gordon stopped sort of imposing a gag order , but Gibson 's lawyers have followed a self-imposed silence , citing routine confidentiality requirements in a family law case . Grigorieva , a Russian musician , decided to talk publicly -- to CNN 's Larry King -- about her claims of domestic violence by Gibson . The public has already heard several recordings of angry Gibson phone calls to Grigorieva , but she told King she did not give them to celebrity news website Radaronline . Details about the case have flowed at a steady pace on celebrity news website TMZ over the past two weeks . Hundreds of pages of sealed court documents were somehow leaked , including affidavits , deposition transcripts and dental records . Even beyond the family law case , two related criminal investigations are under way . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering evidence gathered by sheriff 's investigators to decide if a domestic violence case will be made against Gibson , according to a spokeswoman for the prosecutor . Detectives are also investigating Gibson 's charge that Grigorieva tried to extort him with phone recordings she made of his calls , a sheriff 's spokesman said .	NEW : Mel 's nanny and Grigorieva 's mom are waiting to testify Gibson and Oksana Grigorieva are spending Monday on opposite sides of court Grigorieva accused Gibson of domestic violence ; Gibson says Grigorieva tried to extort him
CNN  -- New York City officials are preparing to transport more than 150,000 students after a school bus drivers union announced that it is planning to strike this Wednesday if an agreement ca n't be reached . Union officials representing Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1181 , who are seeking job security , announced Monday afternoon that they plan to strike on Wednesday if they ca n't reach a suitable agreement with the city . Mayor Michael Bloomberg bid out contracts for nearly 1,100 bus routes currently handled by Local 1181 drivers . Last year , the city bid out contracts for preschool bus routes , and the new contracts will save taxpayers $ 95 million over five years . Bloomberg on Monday urged the union to avoid going on strike and added that a strike would "  jeopardize the education and safety of more than 150,000 students who take school buses every single day , in a year when our students have already missed a week or more of school because of Hurricane Sandy . "	School bus drivers union will strike Wednesday if it does n't reach deal with New York City More than 150,000 students in city would be affected by a strike Union officials say they seek job security ; Mayor Bloomberg has opened some routes for bid
CNN  -- It was a case of rock 'n' roll romance as Journey guitarist Neal Schon proposed to one-time White House party crasher and reality TV star Michaele Salahi on stage Sunday night in Baltimore , her manager said . Salahi accepted the proposal with "  Open Arms , " according to Gina Rodriguez . Their relationship began under a cloud in September 2011 when the "  Real Housewives of D.C. " star was reported missing by her then-husband of nearly eight years Tareq Salahi . "  It is our belief ... Michaele Salahi may have been kidnapped or abducted and is being held under duress and forced to tell persons , including authorities , she is OK , " Rodriguez , who managed Tareq Salahi at the time , said . But instead , the reality show personality had traveled to Memphis , where Journey was performing , to be with Schon , a representative with Scoop Marketing , Schon 's management company , told CNN . She told a sheriff 's deputy that she was "  with a good friend and was where she wanted to be , " Warren County , Virginia , Sheriff Danny McEathron said in a statement . A short time later , Tareq Salahi filed for divorce . The Salahis first gained notoriety when they were photographed with President Barack Obama at a White House state dinner , to which they were not invited , in November 2009 . The "  Real Housewives of D.C. " TV series was canceled by Bravo in 2011 . Schon is a founding member of Journey , which formed in San Francisco in 1973 after he left Santana . Over its nearly 40-year history , the band has sold 47 million albums , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	Then-husband Tareq Salahi reported Michaele missing last year She ran off with Journey guitarist Neal Schon The Salahis first gained notoriety as White House party crashers The "  Real Housewives of D.C. " TV series was canceled by Bravo in 2011
CNN  -- Green markets , farmers ' markets , fresh markets , wet markets -- whatever you call them , these are the places that make Walmart , Tesco and other supermarket chains look like crimes against cuisine . Often centuries old but full of freshness , markets are usually packed with dozens of vendors and worth visiting even if you have no intention of cooking anything yourself on your vacation . 1 . La Boqueria : Barcelona , Spain Believed to have originated in the 13th century as a pig market , the Mercat de Sant Josep de la Boqueria has grown into one of the finest outdoor markets in the world . It 's home to fishmongers , butchers , cheesemongers , greengrocers and dozens of small charcuterie shops specializing in Spanish hams and cured meats . With an entrance off busy La Rambla , La Boqueria is a popular spot to stop for lunch . The counters of any of the tiny gourmet restaurants provide fresh seafood and Mediterranean specialties . Rambla , 91 Mercat de la Boqueria  Edifici Direcci , 2a planta  , Barcelona , Spain ; +34934121315 ; www.boqueria.info CNNGo : The world 's best airline for 2012 is ... 2 . Tsukiji Fish Market : Tokyo , Japan Tokyo 's Tsukiji Market is the largest wholesale fish and seafood market in the world , selling more than 400 types of seafood , from inexpensive seaweed to sea urchin and caviar costing hundreds of dollars . The market has the distinction of supplying restaurants all over the world with fresh fish . It 's also one of Tokyo 's biggest tourist attractions , where visitors gather in the pre-dawn hours to gawp at the frenetic auction of dozens of enormous tuna . The outer market , located in a maze of tiny streets packed with retail shops , allows visitors the chance to purchase seafood and other food supplies and enjoy an early morning sashimi meal . 5-2-1 Tsukiji , Tokyo , Japan ; +81 3 3542 1111 ; www.tsukiji-market.or.jp 3 . Union Square Farmer 's Market : New York City , United States In the 1970s , New York City 's Union Square was a seedy , crime-ridden area of Manhattan until a small farmers ' market took root and revitalized the area . The market has grown into one of the world 's best , with more than 140 regional farmers , fishmongers , bakers and butchers catering to more than 60,000 shoppers on peak days . The greenmarket showcases more than just fresh-picked produce , though . Celebrity chefs often use the space for cooking demonstrations , there are school tours that teach local kids about seasonality and healthy eating and education programs , including one that helps New Yorkers learn about composting . Broadway at East 17th Street , New York City , United States ; +1 2127887900 ; www.grownyc.org CNNGo : World 's 50 best beaches 4 . Or Tor Kor Market : Bangkok , Thailand Located next to Bangkok 's busy Chatuchak weekend market , Or Tor Kor Market is as packed with perfect produce as its neighbor is with souvenirs and tchotchkes . Or Tor Kor displays exotic fruits and vegetables that are unique to Thailand , as well as imported specialties from around Asia . The market is immaculate and brightly lit , allowing shoppers to easily cruise for seafood , sweets and cooked foods . Tourists will enjoy Or Tor Kor 's wide selection of prepared curry pastes and spices to take back home , and a food court filled with Thai specialties . Th Kampangphet  next to Kampheng Phet MRT station  , Bangkok , Thailand 8 religious wonders in the U.S. 5 . St. Lawrence Market : Toronto , Canada Toronto 's St. Lawrence Market lays on one of Canada 's finest shopping experiences . It 's the place that Toronto locavores shop for Ontario-grown-and-made products , including the freshest produce , homemade pies , freshly baked bread and elk , venison and other locally sourced game . On Saturdays , local farmers sell seasonal organic produce at the North Market , a tradition that began in 1803 and continues today , presenting a wide selection of not just fruit and vegetables but locally produced cheeses , grains and meats . Embracing more than 120 vendors , St. Lawrence 's South Market also sells imported items such as tropical fruits and avocados that are not easily grown in Ontario 's chilly climate . 92-95 Front Street East , Toronto , Ontario , Canada ; +1 4163927120 , www.stlawrencemarket.com CNNGo : World 's 10 most loved cities 6 . Borough Market : London , England The oldest fruit and vegetable market in London is also one of the world 's finest . Located in the Southwark neighborhood , Borough Market has been operating here since 1755 -- but the area has been known for its fresh market since the 13th century . Specializing in locally grown produce and fruits , hand-made cheeses and fresh breads , the wholesale market is the supplier of choice for many of London 's best restaurants . On Thursday , Friday and Saturday the market is open to the public , who , in addition to doing their weekly grocery shopping , can sample the many snacks and gourmet foodstuffs on offer . 8 Southwark St. , London , England ; +44  0  2074071002 , www.boroughmarket.org.uk 7-million-mile family shares travel secrets 7 . Kreta Ayer Wet Market : Singapore Combining the bounty of Asia 's wet markets with immaculate hygiene standards , Kreta Ayer Wet Market in Singapore 's Chinatown is something to behold . The market stocks a fantastic variety of fresh Asian vegetables , from bok choi to choi sum , as well as exotic ingredients such as live frogs and turtles , preserved eggs , Chinese herbal remedies and a plethora of tofu products . Named after the ox carts that were used to deliver water to the area , the market is capped by a hawker center upstairs where exhausted shoppers can sit down with a bowl of noodle soup or other local specialties . Chinatown , Kreta Ayer Road and Keong Siak Road , Singapore 8 . Lancaster Central Market : Lancaster , Pennsylvania , United States The United States ' oldest , continuously operated farmer 's market stands in the heart of Amish country in Lancaster , Pennsylvania . The historic market has been in operation since the 1730s , and was granted permanent status by King George II in 1742 . It remains popular today , and tourists flock here to purchase hand-crafted products and foods made by the local Amish community . While the Pennsylvania Dutch wares might be the biggest draw for out-of-towners , locals appreciate the wide variety of imported goods sold alongside local produce , fresh flowers , just-caught seafood and hearty baked breads . 23 North Market St. , Lancaster , Penn. , United States ; +1 7177356890 , www.centralmarketlancaster.com 9 . March Provencal : Antibes , France Located in Antibes ' historic old town , the March Provencal is brimming with gourmet ingredients from the Provence region of France . Visitors can learn the art of French cooking with the plethora of local specialties , including foie gras , honey , fresh lavender , wines and cheeses , fruit preserves and fragrant spices . In the afternoons local artisans display their works , from ceramics to wood carvings to paintings . Shoppers can also sit down to a coffee at one of the charming surrounding cafs or head across the street to the absinthe bar . Cours Massna , Antibes , France 10 . Kowloon City Wet Market : Hong Kong In a metropolis known for the quality and quantity of its wet markets , Hong Kong 's Kowloon City wet market stands out . Both tourists and locals flock to this foodie destination for the highest-quality ingredients , including fresh imported meats hanging from steel hooks , live fish thrashing about and piles of perfect greens . The neighborhood is also home to many specialty food stores , including those in "  Little Thailand " offering all sorts of Thai goods . In the wet market itself there 's a cooked food center that dishes up excellent Cantonese snacks and a wide array of not-too-spicy Thai dishes . 100 Nga Tsin Wai Road , Hong Kong ; +85223832224 ; www.fehd.gov.hk	Great markets attract even those visitors with no intention of cooking Take a stroll through La Boqueria in Barcelona to discover the best Spanish hams Hong Kong 's Kowloon City Wet Market stands out in a city known for great markets
CNN  -- In the dying days of the Battle of Mogadishu two years ago , on the beachside base used by Ugandan African Union troops in their successful campaign to drive Al-Shabaab from the capital , I came across three new prisoners . Handcuffed , dirty and dejected , the eldest of them was 17 , the youngest 15 . They were volunteers , they said , who had put their hands up when an Al-Shabaab recruiter came to their school . This had happened a fortnight before ; they had surrendered when they became separated from their unit and ran out of bullets . Why , I asked , had they put their hands up in the first place ? The boys all looked at each other . "  We were given a piece of fruit every day , " one of them said . I later interviewed several Al-Shabaab deserters in a government camp set aside for the purpose , prepared for anti-Western hostility from a gang of hardened jihadist militants . Instead I found a crowd of teenagers , spirited , unruly , and for the most part instantly likeable . It was disorienting , but in their Lakers T-shirts and Nile tracksuits , they resembled schoolboys anywhere in the world . Their average age was 15 ; one of them , Liban , was 9 . Like so many young Somalis in this shattered country , Liban was an orphan ; the militants , for whom he had already fought for two years , were his surrogate family . "  I 'm not scared ! " he trilled . "  I 'm ready to fight again -- for the government ! " These boy soldiers , I found , had little interest in Islamist ideology . Most of them had decided to join Al-Shabaab -- particularly in 2011 , a famine year -- simply to survive . They wanted what all young people want everywhere : security , food and water , and  if a little older than Liban  at least the prospect of an education , a job , a family , a home -- the chance of a half-decent life . And until such time as the Mogadishu government , and by extension the Western governments who support it , finds ways to start meeting those basic needs , Al-Shabaab will likely continue to find support . Children have always been useful to Al-Shabaab , an organization whose name , after all , means "  the youth " or "  the lads " in Arabic . Children are capable of the most terrifying , feral violence when armed , as well as insane courage in the battlefield . Liban 's moral compass was not so much awry as completely absent : No one had ever shown him one . He made life in Al-Shabaab sound like "  Lord of the Flies " with automatic weapons . A good dollop of jihadi claptrap helps put backbone into some of them . The impressionability of some young Somali recruits is as breathtaking as the cynicism and hypocrisy of their mentors . Martyrs for Islam , famously , are rewarded with the attentions of 72 virgins in the afterlife . Adult trainers are said on one occasion to have shown their pupils Bollywood DVDs and told their young charges that they were watching real footage shot by militants who had blown themselves up , and then beamed it down from Paradise . Recruits from abroad are generally not so naive . Americans have long feared that Al-Shabaab 's poison-merchants are also at work in U.S. Muslim communities , notably in Minnesota 's Twin Cities , home to the largest concentration of Somalis in exile in the United States . Since 2007 , at least 20 young Somali-American men are known to have vanished from their homes and re-appeared in their homeland as volunteers for the Islamist cause . At least three of them have died as suicide bombers ; and two or three of them might have been among those who attacked the Nairobi Westgate mall in Kenya . Ideologues do exist in America . The Yemeni-American Anwar al-Awlaki , killed by a U.S. drone missile in Yemen in 2011 , is perhaps the most prominent example . Awlaki was necessarily a sophisticated orator : Westernized Somalis are unlikely to be seduced by the promise of a piece of fruit . Of far greater influence , however , are online videos of fiery speeches and stirring footage of , for instance , Al-Shabaab 's latest and carefully edited successes on the battlefield . The FBI says that the Al-Shabaab recruitment process in Minneapolis has no evil "  mastermind " as such , but is , as FBI Supervisory Special Agent E.K. Wilson told me in Minneapolis , "  a very lateral , peer-to-peer organization , " which is another way of saying the recruits tend to talk each other into it . Those who make it to Somalia often do not like what they find . Some of the Minnesota boys sent e-mails home complaining about the heat or the malaria . They missed things like McDonalds and coffee . Burhan Hassan , 17 , once a diligent student at Roosevelt High School who was eventually killed in 2009 , phoned his mother to say that , while traveling by boat to a Shabaab base somewhere in southern Somalia , he had been so violently sick that his glasses had flown overboard . His mother sweetly fetched his prescription and read it out to him , in the faint hope that he could find an optician to replace them . Some of the gunmen at the Nairobi mall also showed a disarmingly human side . One of them , scolded by 4-year-old British boy Elliott Prior as a "  very bad man , " replied , "  Please forgive me -- we are not monsters , " and gave him a Mars Bar . There can be no better illustration of the insane contradictions and conflicted morality of killing innocents in the name of Islam . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Fergusson .	James Fergusson : Somali teens lured into Al-Shabaab by promise of food , security Many are orphans , he says , with no real Islamic ideology , who want to survive Recruiters tell of virgins in heaven , he says ; Americans lured by tales of battle He says until Somalia gives teens a chance at a decent life , they will turn to Al-Shabaab
CNN  -- Marine Le Pen officially entered the French election race on Tuesday , saying she had secured the backing of 500 elected officials required to stand in the French presidential contest . Le Pen , the leader of France 's far-right National Front party may share some of her famous father 's politics , but that is where the similarity ends . While Jean-Marie Le Pen , who founded the National Front and led the party from 1972 until last year , was full of bombast and fury , his 43-year-old daughter measures her words - especially on the sensitive issue of immigration -- and knows the value of a smile . The former lawyer and her supporters believe these qualities can propel her into at least a second place finish in the first round of the French presidential elections on April 22 -- despite opinion polls indicating otherwise . And while the party 's presidential candidate may be more telegenic than her father , Le Pen herself believes the National Front 's appeal has widened too because voters are different . "  I think the structure of our electorate has changed , " she said . "  The perception that right-wing voters have of me is extremely different today from the perception voters of the right had of Jean-Marie Le Pen . " In fact Le Pen , a twice-divorced mother-of-three , says her voters these days often come from both the political right and left , although this claim is not borne out by public opinion polls . It is true though that her political program does cut across party lines , especially her arguments against both illegal and legal immigration , and the political integration of Europe and the euro . "  Our political leaders have a fascination for the United States and they want absolutely to create a United States of Europe , " she said . "  We have seen the result : Europe has never been so weak economically as today . Our leaders ' craziness for the euro creates a risk for the entire world . " Le Pen goes into the election with anti-euro , protectionist policies for France , and opposes the privatization of the country 's post office , which she says will hit rural areas hard . She has also worked to remove extremist elements from her party . But her critics -- and there are many -- say Le Pen remains a risk . When she is away from her supporters and out in the public she often gets booed -- and worse . She was doused with water when she visited the Indian Ocean island of Reunion , a French overseas territory whose citizens come from a racially mixed background where many view the extreme right as the real threat . One protester in Reunion said : "  As a country of human rights France can not accept this kind of person who takes advantage of the economic crisis to spread a message of Islamophobia and xenophobia . " So far , Le Pen has not faced the same accusations of racism that her father faced during his time as National Front leader , and she shrugs off this criticism : "  I have lots of experiences with this sort of thing ... they bark but they do n't bite . " She has personal experience with political opponents who deploy more than words though . When she was eight years old a bomb intended for her father exploded near her family 's apartment , but she , her two sisters and her parents escaped unharmed . Le Pen overcame a major hurdle by securing the required backing of the 500 elected officials required to be a candidate in the presidential race . Some analysts had speculated she would fail to obtain the necessary signatories because many would be loathe to be associated with the far right . Now Le Pen , and her political views , may prove a real wild card in the election , perhaps even threatening one of the two top contenders , conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy and Socialist Party rival Francois Hollande . This would mirror the most notable achievement of her father , who shocked France in 2002 by coming in second , ahead of socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin in the first round of voting in the presidential election .	Marine Le Pen says she has backing of 500 elected officials needed to stand in French election Le Pen is leader of France 's far-right National Front party and daughter of fiery politician Her supporters believe her qualities can propel her into at least second place finish in election Le Pen goes into the election with anti-immigration , anti-euro , protectionist policies for France
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An 18-year-old Guatemalan man who doctors say faces almost certain death unless he receives a transplanted heart is surrounded by family as he waits , thanks to the kindness of strangers . Juan Gonzalez was earning $ 250 a week as a dishwasher when his heart trouble began . Juan Gonzalez , now lying in a hospital in Atlanta , hopes to learn Friday whether he will be added to the list of people eligible to receive transplants . Doctors at St. Joseph 's Hospital said Gonzalez appears to be a good candidate . Without a transplant , they said , he could die in six months . The teen traveled alone to Rome , Georgia , to earn enough money to help support his family back home . The undocumented worker took a job as a dishwasher for $ 250 a week . That 's when heart trouble stepped in . Dr. Frank Stegall , a cardiologist at Redmond Regional Medical Center in Rome , told Gonzalez he had a chronically weak heart , or dilated cardiomyopathy . The organ pumps only 20 percent of the blood a healthy heart would , Stegall said . As his heart failed , Gonzalez 's plight moved the hospital staff to try to reunite him with his parents . They contacted U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey -- himself a doctor . Gingrey persuaded the State Department to expedite travel visas for Pascual and Maria Gonzalez , and Delta Air Lines provided a free ride . Last month , CNN aired a story on Juan Gonzalez . Afterward , the Larry King Cardiac Foundation -- founded by the CNN talk show host 21 years ago to pay for life-saving cardiac care for patients without insurance who do n't qualify for state or federal assistance -- helped get Gonzalez transferred to St. Joseph 's Hospital in Atlanta for evaluation . Many of the people who saw the story on CNN were moved to offer help . It was then that the possibility of a heart transplant became real , thanks to a large donation from one of those people . The donor has asked that details of the gift not be revealed , other than his name , Sam Shapiro . Gonzalez and his parents say they are grateful for the overwhelming support . St. Joseph 's has provided housing for the parents at a nearby hotel . Although it is not clear where Gonzalez will go once the evaluation at St. Joseph is completed , staff members at Redmond in Rome , about 60 miles northwest of Atlanta , indicated they might provide a place for the parents to say . The parents ' visas will run out in about two and a half months . CNN 's Anna Armas contributed to this report .	Juan Gonzalez hopes to learn Friday if he will be added to heart transplant list Without a transplant , doctors said , he could die in six months . Heart transplant a possibility now thanks to donations from strangers Teen traveled alone to Georgia to earn money to support his family back home
Washington  CNN  -- A psychiatrist who treated John Hinckley Jr. in the 1980s and who interviewed him in recent months described the presidential assailant Tuesday as having "  a sense of entitlement " and being "  absorbed with himself . " During federal court testimony , Dr. Raymond Patterson also said Hinckley "  dives right in " when it comes to romantic relationships with women , but has not always shown a lot of empathy toward them . Federal prosecutors called Patterson as an expert witness in their effort to block a proposal from St. Elizabeths , the Washington mental hospital where Hinckley has undergone treatment for three decades , to increase Hinckley 's periods of visitation to his mother 's home in Williamsburg , Virginia , and his possible eventual release as a permanent outpatient . In March of 1981 , Hinckley shot President Ronald Reagan , his press secretary James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington policeman Thomas Delahanty . All four men survived , and Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity Patterson , the former director of forensics services at St. Elizabeths , said Hinckley continues to suffer from both narcissistic and schizoid personality disorders . He said the latter problem has led Hinckley to be somewhat removed in personal relationships . In December , experts called by Hinckley 's lawyers testified his two most serious mental problems -- major depressive disorder and an unspecified psychotic disorder -- are in full remission . Patterson agreed with the diagnosis on the depressive disorder . He was more circumspect about the psychosis , saying his condition "  tends not to present with obvious symptoms . " The psychiatrist said that in the late1990s he had recommended Hinckley start taking the antipsychotic drug Risperdal to prevent any new symptoms . That was of particular concern , Patterson said , because Hinckley was leaving the hospital periodically . Hinckley is still taking that drug along with Zoloft for anxiety . Patterson said that in his opinion , Hinckley "  continues to be mentally ill now . " The issue of Hinckley 's relationships with women has frequently come up during the discussion of increasing his freedom . Witnesses have testified about his girlfriends , including a woman identified only as Miss CB , a former mental patient at Hinckley 's hospital . Patterson said Hinckley said he was engaged to CB and was unhappy his mother would not allow her to visit him during his stays at her Virginia home . Hinckley 's mother was concerned CB might have a mental breakdown . Patterson said Hinckley showed "  little regard " for his mother 's views . According to Patterson , Hinckley said he had ended his engagement to CB anticipating he would be spending more time at his mother 's and would not be able to see her there . Patterson said he was not sure if Hinckley had , in fact , told CB the engagement was over because she continues to visit him when he is at the hospital . The psychiatrist said he asked Hinckley what the impact would be on CB if he were to go to Williamsburg and no longer see her , and Hinckley replied that she has other friends . Patterson said Hinckley showed "  not a lot of empathy . " Hinckley 's defense team will get a chance to question Patterson on Wednesday . In his opening arguments in late November , attorney Barry Levine said the central issue is whether Hinckley is dangerous and said no one has offered any proof that he represents a danger to himself or others . Levine said Hinckley is "  flawed , " but insisted he is "  fundamentally decent . " Hinckley currently spends 10 days a month visiting his mother in Virginia . Doctors at St. Elizabeths have proposed the visits be increased , first to two stays totaling 17 days . That would be followed by six trips totaling 24 days . Following the extended visits the hospital would like the authority to decide whether Hinckley can be released as a permanent outpatient . In December , U.S. District Court Judge Paul Friedman said the decision should rest with him .	Hinckley "  continues to be mentally ill now , " Dr. Raymond Patterson testifies Experts testifying previously said his top mental problems are in full remission Would-be assassin is seeking longer release time from a mental hospital He was found not guilty by reason of insanity after 1981 shooting of President Reagan
Quebec City  CNN  -- Prince William and his wife Catherine touched down in Prince Edward Island Sunday , winding down the fourth day of their Canadian tour . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had visited a center for troubled street youth and attended a "  Freedom of the City " ceremony at Quebec City Hall earlier in the day . They were met by cheering supporters at City Hall , where Prince William addressed the crowd in French . Nearby , a small but vocal group of anti-monarchy protesers gathered . The royal couple also visited Maison Dauphine , which provides assistance to troubled street youth in Quebec . They posed for pictures and seemed at ease as artists showed off their work . Prince William played a quick game of foosball . William and Catherine began their day with a bilingual morning prayer service aboard the HMCS Montreal , a naval ship , as the pair 's first official foreign trip as a married couple continued . They are expected to visit four provinces during their nine-day tour , which ends Friday . On Saturday evening , William and Catherine had arrived in Montreal to a small group of demonstrators -- carrying signs and chanting slogans -- who opposed the newlywed couple 's tour and the British monarchy they represent . Canada is part of the Commonwealth of Nations -- a loose association of nations that were once part of the British Empire . Earlier Saturday , William and Catherine wrapped up their last day in Ottawa by planting a tree and meeting with Canadian war veterans . The royal couple joined a long list of illustrious international visitors when they ceremonially planted a Canadian hemlock on the grounds of Rideau Hall . They then greeted veterans of conflicts and peacekeeping missions , including some who have served in Afghanistan , and representatives of the many British women who migrated to Canada to start a new life after World War II . Later on Saturday , the pair traveled to French-speaking Quebec province , where they toured a flagship Montreal hospital dedicated to the care of mothers and children . Canadian broadcaster CBC reports that Quebec 's relationship with the monarchy has often been strained , with the Queen met by booing protesters on a visit to the province in 1964 . Prince William and the duchess had received a largely warm welcome since arriving in Ottawa Thursday . They had joined a crowd of almost 300,000 Canadians Friday to mark the celebration of Canada Day , on the 144th anniversary of the country 's independence . The couple 's itinerary also includes stops in the Northwest Territories and Alberta . After they wrap up their Canadian tour , the duke and duchess will head to California for three days .	NEW : Prince William and his wife Catherine arrive in Prince Edward Island They attended a "  Freedom of the City " ceremony at Quebec City Hall earlier The duke and duchess get a largely warm response during their tour of Canada Some demonstrators oppose their visit and the British monarchy
CNN  -- The amateur video shows men , shirtless and seeming dangerously drunk , rolling on the ground or staggering near a counter top covered with booze bottles . Another part of the video shows a man babbling incoherently with a syringe nearby . This is not a scene at a college frat house . It is a video of employees of an American security contractor working in Kabul , Afghanistan . "  It reminded me of times I 'd visit my friends going to college that were in fraternities , " said John Melson , a former employee of Jorge Scientific who was based at that villa in Kabul on assignment to support efforts to train Afghan security personnel . The images in this video are now part of a lawsuit by two former employees of Jorge Scientific who allege that contractors with the firm were careless with their guns , abused local staffers , wrecked cars , destroyed furniture , and often could not perform their duties due to drunkenness . "  This behavior actually was almost every other night , " said Kenny Smith , another former employee there , who filmed the videos in January and February . Smith and Melson have filed the lawsuit and cite an example of one night in February of 2012 where several employees were allegedly "  heavily intoxicated and grabbing at each other 's weapons and firing them in the air . " In one of the videos , which were obtained by CNN , a raging bonfire burns in a pit . The lawsuit alleges that drunken revelers threw ammunition on the fire which exploded , causing a serious laceration on the brow of a local employee . The result of the misconduct , it says , was undermanned security , missed work , and damage to relations with Afghan people and officials . "  Jorge employees were often too intoxicated to perform their duties , " the lawsuit claims . In a statement , Jorge Scientific said the behavior was "  unacceptable " and added , "  the Company is deeply concerned about any employee misconduct . " The firm has implemented a no-drinking policy as well as made management changes , a Jorge representative said . None of the people seen in the videos work for Jorge anymore , the firm says . Jorge "  pledges to fully investigate and correct any mistakes to preserve and continue its history of exemplary performance , " the statement concluded . But Jorge Scientific rejected the suggestion that work was compromised . "  The Company remains confident that the personal misconduct did not impact the Company 's contract performance , " the statement said . David Scher , Smith and Melson 's attorney , disagrees . "  These people were drunk beyond the point of incoherence , and could not possibly defend themselves if they were attacked , " he said . The company says the workers seen in the videos would not have been tasked with defending the compound , since they had administrative roles and support roles , rather than top security jobs . But Scher disputes that and says the company is downplaying the roles of the men in the videos . "  That is a gross understatement of what these individuals did , " said Scher . "  These individuals are the security manager for the facility , and the operations manager for security for the entire country of Afghanistan for the company . " CNN was unable to reach either of those men , or another man , seen in the video , which was first reported on by ABC News . The military is supposed to oversee such contractors , and the U.S. Army 's Criminal Investigation Division is now looking into the allegations . "  The International Security Assistance Force and U.S. Forces Afghanistan take all allegations of inappropriate behavior by contractors and service members very seriously , " said an ISAF spokesman . But Danielle Brian , of the nonprofit watchdog group Project on Government Oversight , said she is concerned that the U.S. is relying too much on contractors , who work in miserable conditions , with too little oversight . The kind of misconduct seen in the videos - even if rare - risks undermining the American mission in Afghanistan , she said . "  This is the kind of behavior that is making people in the area - Afghans - have more disregard for the Americans who are there , " she said .	The videos are part of a lawsuit by two former employees The company says it has made changes since the videos were made public "  The Company is deeply concerned about any employee misconduct , " Jorge Scientific say
CNN  -- David Lance Arneson , who helped trigger the global phenomenon of role-playing games as co-inventor of "  Dungeons & Dragons , " has died at the age of 61 . A statement on the game 's official Web site , wizards.com , said Arneson died Tuesday evening "  after waging one final battle against cancer . " Arneson "  developed many of the fundamental ideas of role playing : that each player controls just one hero , that heroes gain power through adventures , and that personality is as important as combat prowess , " the statement said . The game 's co-creator , Gary Gygax , died last year . In 1974 , Arneson and Gygax created "  Dungeons & Dragons , " which allowed players to assume roles in a magical world . They could be fighters or wizards , elves or dwarfs . "  As characters journey through various lands , they search for hidden treasures while battling menacing monsters with their own brains and brawn , " a description on wizards.com says . Some games would last days or weeks -- or even longer . "  Game campaigns are as limitless as the player 's imaginations , " wizards.com says . What began as a hand-assembled print run of 1,000 games quickly sold out . Young people all over the world started buying up the game . By 1982 , sales broke the $ 20 million mark . Arneson filed a series of lawsuits against Gygax insisting he was not being given credit or proper royalties for his work creating the game . The suits were settled . "  Dungeons and Dragons " spawned video games , novels , a cartoon , and a movie . The franchise saw a surge this decade after "  The Lord of the Rings " and "  Harry Potter " movies took off .	David Lance Arneson has died at the age of 61 He helped trigger phenomenon of role-playing games Statement : Arneson died "  after waging one final battle against cancer " "  Dungeons and Dragons " spawned video games , novels , a cartoon , and a movie
CNN  -- Jesper Parnevik admitted that he had "  lost all respect " for fellow golfer Tiger Woods following revelations about the world number one 's private life . Woods apologized on his official Web site for "  transgressions " and "  personal sins and failings " on the same day that a gossip magazine published a story alleging that Woods had an affair with a 24-year-old New York cocktail waitress . Former European Ryder Cup star Parnevik , 44 , and his wife introduced fellow Swede Elin Nordegren to her future husband . "  It 's always sad , and especially sad because me and my wife were at fault hooking her up with him and we probably thought he is a better guy than he is , " Parnevik said . "  I would probably apologize to her and when you 're a world-class athlete you probably should think a bit more before you do stuff . "  I have n't really talked to Tiger yet so I do n't want to say too much but my heart goes out to her . "  There 's nothing I regret saying and I stand by everything . He 's lost all my respect , I mean , all the respect I had for the guy is gone , that 's pretty much all I can say . " The rumors emerged after Woods , 33 , was found bleeding and semi-conscious after his car hit a tree and fire hydrant outside his Florida home . He was charged with careless driving , which carries a $ 164 fine and four points on his driving record .	Jesper Parnevik said he had "  lost all respect " for fellow golfer Tiger Woods following revelations about his private life Former European Ryder Cup star Parnevik and his wife introduced fellow Swede Elin Nordegren to her future husband Woods had previously apologized on his official Web site for "  transgressions " and "  personal sins and failings "
CNN  -- Venezuela will give a 300-acre island in the Delaware River to the state of New Jersey , the governor 's office announced . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez used the Earth Day celebration to announce the transfer of Petty 's Island . The Venezuelan-owned Citgo Petroleum Corp. had bought Petty 's Island -- between Camden , New Jersey , and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- to use as a fuel storage facility . The island is home to a pair of American bald eagles as well as several great blue herons and state-endangered black-crowned night herons , New Jersey Gov. Jon S. Corzine said in a news release Wednesday . Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez announced the island 's transfer as part of Wednesday 's Earth Day celebrations . Plans are being finalized for the transition , which will not occur before 2020 , Corzine 's office said . "  Earth Day is a fitting time to consummate the donation of this special place , " Corzine said in the news release . "  Petty 's Island has become an important home to bald eagles , kestrels and a wide variety of waterfowl . We are opening a new chapter in the island 's long history by restoring it and giving it back to nature and the people of New Jersey . " The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection must certify that Citgo 's cleanup of the island has met state standards before the title can be transferred , the news release said . Citgo has agreed to create a $ 2 million fund to allow the Natural Lands Trust , a state land-preservation board , to manage the island , the release said . The company is setting up another $ 1 million fund to help establish a cultural and education center . Activities on the island will be limited to hiking and bicycle riding , the governor 's office said . The island is part of Pennsauken Township , New Jersey .	Petty 's Island , a 300-acre island in Delaware River , will be given to New Jersey Venezuelan-owned Citgo Petroleum Corp. bought island for fuel storage facility Activities on island will be limited to hiking and bike riding , governor 's office says Venezuela announces gift as part of Earth Day celebration
Editor 's note : Ilya Shapiro is a senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute , a libertarian public policy research foundation , and editor-in-chief of the Cato Supreme Court Review . Before joining Cato , he was special assistant/adviser to the Multi-National Force-Iraq and practiced law at Patton Boggs LLP and Cleary Gottlieb LLP . Earlier , Shapiro clerked for Judge E. Grady Jolly of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit . Ilya Shapiro says the Sotomayor appointment is a case of identity politics rather than a choice on the merits . CNN  -- In picking Sonia Sotomayor , President Obama has confirmed that identity politics matter to him more than merit . While Judge Sotomayor exemplifies the American Dream , she would not have even been on the short list if she were not Hispanic . She is not one of the leading lights of the federal judiciary , and far less qualified for a seat on the Supreme Court than Judges Diane Wood and Merrick Garland or Solicitor General Elena Kagan . To be sure , Sotomayor has a compelling story : a daughter of working-class Puerto Ricans raised in Bronx public housing projects , diagnosed with diabetes at 8 , losing her father at 9 , accolades at Princeton and Yale Law , ending up on the federal bench . Still , in over 10 years on the Second Circuit , she has not issued any important decisions or made a name for herself as a legal scholar or particularly respected jurist . In picking a case to highlight during his introduction of the nominee , President Obama had to go back to her days as a trial judge and a technical ruling that ended the 1994-95 baseball strike . Moreover , Sotomayor has a mixed reputation among lawyers who have practiced before her , some questioning her abilities as a judicial craftsman , others her erratic temperament , according to a piece by Jeffrey Rosen in The New Republic , which itself has come in for criticism . Such anecdotal criticism is to be taken with a grain of salt -- while Justice Antonin Scalia 's bench-side manner is more vinegar than honey , even his detractors recognize his brilliance -- but it does need to be investigated . So , too , do certain statements she made in presentations at Berkeley and Duke , respectively , the former arguing that a Latina necessarily sees the law differently than a white man , the latter suggesting that , at least to some degree , judges make rather than interpret law . Again , this does not mean that Sotomayor is unqualified to be a judge -- or less qualified to be a Supreme Court justice than , say , Harriet Miers . It also does not detract from the history she would make as the first Hispanic Supreme Court nominee -- if you do n't count Benjamin Cardozo , a descendant of Portuguese Jews . But a Supreme Court nomination is not a lifetime achievement award , and should not be treated as an opportunity to practice affirmative action . Ironically , it is race-based employment practices of another kind that will likely get this nomination in hottest water . Sotomayor was on a panel that summarily affirmed the dismissal of claims brought by firefighters , including one Hispanic , whose promotions were denied because they would be based on a  race-neutral  exam whose results did n't yield the "  right " racial mix . Curiously , the Ricci v. DeStefano appellate panel issued a cursory "  unpublished " opinion that failed to grapple with the complex legal issues presented in the case . Sotomayor 's colleague Jos Cabranes , a liberal Democrat , excoriated the panel , without expressing a view on the merits of the case . Cabranes ' dissent from the Second Circuit 's decision not to rehear the case caught the Supreme Court 's attention and , based on the oral argument , the court will probably reverse Sotomayor 's panel when it rules on the case next month . iReport.com : Sotomayor ` the new face of America ' We are thus likely to have the unusual scenario of a Supreme Court decision having a direct personal effect on a nominee 's confirmation process , which will not only force Sotomayor onto the defensive but cost the president significant political capital . It will also show that Obama 's calls for "  empathy , " echoed by Sotomayor 's citing her personal experiences as a Latina , ring hollow . If Frank Ricci , a dyslexic fireman who sacrificed significant time and money and was denied promotion solely for his skin color , is not an empathetic figure , I 'm not sure who is . And that is the larger point : A jurisprudence of empathy is the antithesis of the rule of law . As then-Judge John Roberts said at his confirmation hearing : "  If the Constitution says that the little guy should win , then the little guy 's going to win in the court before me . But if the Constitution says that the big guy should win , well then the big guy 's going to win , because my obligation is to the Constitution . " In any event , Senate Republicans will now have to decide what posture to take : combative or deferential , political or analytical . With the president still at the height of his popularity and solid Democratic control of the Senate  even without Arlen Specter and Al Franken  , the GOP is unlikely to sustain a filibuster or even , unless outrage over the Ricci case grows , vote Sotomayor down . iReport.com : Sotomayor pick a ` gimmick ' What they should do instead is force a full public debate about constitutional interpretation , probing Sotomayor 's judicial philosophy and refusing to accept nonresponsive answers that mouth platitudes or avoid taking firm legal positions . Now is the time to show the American people the stark differences between the two parties on one of the few issues on which the stated Republican view continues to command strong and steady support . If the party is serious about constitutionalism and the rule of law , it should use this opportunity for education , not grandstanding . And if Democrats insist on playing identity politics , I suggest a two-word response : Miguel Estrada , the Honduran immigrant with his own rags-to-riches story whose nomination to the D.C. Circuit Democrats successfully filibustered , effectively preventing George W. Bush from naming the first Hispanic Supreme Court justice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilya Shapiro .	Ilya Shapiro : Choice of Sotomayor is based on identity politics , not merit He says her life story is compelling but she should be thoroughly vetted Shapiro : Sotomayor may suffer from failure to deal with issues in New Haven case He says Republicans should educate public about differences over the law
CNN  -- Fighting between Kurdish rebels and government troops in southeastern Turkey left more than two dozen dead Tuesday , according to reports from officials and a news agency . Eight soldiers and 10 fighters from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , were killed when the rebels attacked a military station in the town of Yuksekova , about 25 kilometers  15 miles  from the Iranian border , according to a statement from the governor 's office in Hakkari province . Sixteen other soldiers were wounded in the attack , government officials said . Eight more rebels died in a counterattack by Turkish forces , the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported . Turkey has been fighting the PKK since 1984 . Initially , the movement sought a separate homeland for Turkey 's ethnic Kurdish minority . But now , the rebels say they are instead fighting for more linguistic and cultural freedoms . Turkish women rally against plans to restrict access to abortion Turkey , the United States and the European Union have formally labeled the PKK a terrorist organization and Turkish President Abdullah Gul had harsh words after the group 's latest violence . "  I condemn this treacherous attack , " he said . "  The terrorist organization is still carrying out its inhumane and bloody acts in an effort to sabotage the atmosphere of trust and stability , and to weaken the strong determination to reinforce peace , reach a resolution , achieve the reign of peace and tranquility , and to put a stop to the pain and tears . " This is not the first time a military outpost in the area has been targeted . In 2007 , 12 Turkish soldiers were killed and eight were kidnapped in an attack on an outpost there . Recently , there has been movement on restarting a peace process , with the head of Turkey 's leading opposition party signaling his willingness to work toward a resolution with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Erdogan recently announced that students could elect to take Kurdish language lessons under a new educational reform package . Leyla Zana , a leading Kurdish politician and a member of the opposition Kurdish BDP , told Turkish newspaper Hurriyet last week that she hopes that Erdogan will act to solve the Kurdish issue , saying that "  he is powerful enough to do so . " More than 40,000 people , mostly ethnic Kurds , have been killed in the conflict . What drives Turkey 's new Syria stance ? A fear of two Kurdistans CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll rises to 26 in a military-PKK clash , according to reports A government office says Kurdish rebels staged the attack The United States , Turkey and the European Union consider the PKK a terrorist organization "  I condemn this treacherous attack , " Turkish President Abdullah Gul says
The United Kingdom may have raised its terror threat level , but the streets of London do n't appear to be fazed . Londoners and tourists did not let the announcement Friday affect their weekend plans . Public transportation hubs were bustling , tourists attractions were crowded and visible police presence was low . "  If you let things like that rule your life , you 'd never do anything . So although you 're aware of it , you hope that the government is on top of the situation , " said Carl Toon , passing through King 's Cross station with his family . Jodie O'Rourke , an events manager in London , echoed that sentiment . "  You do n't think every time you get on the tube there 's anything going to happen , " she said . In response to events in Iraq and Syria , where ISIS militants have seized a large swath of territory , the UK government increased the country 's threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe , " the fourth highest of five levels . "  That means that a terrorist attack is highly likely , but there is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is imminent , " Home Secretary Theresa May said . While it 's been widely reviled internationally , ISIS has managed to attract some support among Muslims and has drawn foreign fighters . Even without specific threats in the West , ISIS ' track record in Syria and Iraq -- where it was known to massacre minorities , forcefully institute Sharia law and stage executions and stonings -- suggest it may be capable of anything . Prime Minister David Cameron said the group poses a "  greater and deeper " threat than Britain has ever known . "  This is al Qaeda version 6.0 , " Ryan Crocker , a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq and Syria , told CNN on Friday . "  They are like nothing we have ever seen before . " Fears of a Muslim witch hunt in the UK ? But not all are buying the government 's dire predictions . "  I think it 's just trying to make people scared really , that 's all it is , said Dill Shawki , a Ph.D student in London . "  Make people scared and they 'll be more likely to support something if the government then eventually did try to go into Iraq . " Cameron 's pledge to crack down on radical Islam is leaving some feeling uneasy , fearing that it could turn into a witch hunt against all Muslims in the UK . "  Being a Muslim is synonymous with being a terrorist nowadays , " said Antara Muhajimi , wearing a full face veil in London 's East End . "  People are scared of what they do n't know most of the time , " she said , "  They attack -LSB- Islam -RSB- because they do n't know it . It 's just part of human nature . " "  Adhering to British values is not an option or a choice ; it is a duty for those who live in these islands , " said Cameron . "  And in the end it is only by standing up for these values that will defeat the extremism , protect our way of life and keep all our people safe . " "  Regarding these ` British values , ' Muhajimi said , "  I would n't know what they are , I only know what my values are , and how to treat other people with them . "  Kindness and patience and acceptance , that 's what 's going to keep a community together , " she said . Travel restrictions , an increase in police activity Cameron said military force is among the tools that can be used against ISIS , while adding that aid , diplomacy and political influence should also be part of Britain 's response . That said , his focus Friday was n't so much about what to do about ISIS overseas as it was keeping British citizens back home safe . The Prime Minister vowed he will soon announce plans to stop would-be jihadists from traveling to Syria and Iraq and to make it easier to take their passports away . Britain also needs to do more to stop current fighters from returning from the Middle East and to deal decisively with those who already have returned , he said . UK authorities estimate that 500 Britons have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamist groups . Britain 's national policing lead for counterterrorism , Mark Rowley , said -- while the threat level just went up Friday -- police have been escalating their efforts to combat the jihadist threat for months . He claimed 69 arrests in the first half of 2014 for offenses ranging from funding "  terrorist activity through to the preparation and/or instigation of terrorism acts and traveling abroad for terrorist training . " CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen says Britain likely hiked its terror threat level because "  there 's no way you can track 500 people . " At the same time , he downplayed the idea that Friday 's announcement means an attack is imminent . "  This is what governments are paid to do : They are paid to worry about their citizens , " Bergen said , noting that the UK threat level has gone up before without a subsequent attack . "  That does n't mean their citizens should be in a constant state of worry . " Obama 's no ` strategy yet ' comment on ISIS in Syria sparks a political uproar	Despite rise in threat level , London 's streets remain packed UK terror threat hiked to second-highest level due to events in Iraq , Syria ` If you let things like that rule your life , you 'd never do anything '
CNN  -- A California jury Wednesday recommended the death penalty after convicting a man on murder and arson charges in the deaths of five U.S. Forest Service firefighters who died in a 2006 blaze outside Los Angeles . Smoke rises over a flag flying at half-staff for fallen firefighters October 27 , 2006 , in Banning , California . Raymond Lee Oyler of Beaumont , California , was convicted on five counts of first-degree murder , including two special circumstances -- that the murders were committed during an arson and that multiple murders were committed -- making him eligible for the death penalty . Oyler was also convicted of 11 counts of arson and 10 counts of use of an incendiary device in those arsons . Sentencing is set for June 5 . Firefighters Mark Loutzenhiser , 44 ; Jess McLean , 27 ; Jason McKay , 27 ; and Daniel Hoover-Najera , 20 , died October 26 , 2006 , during a blaze called the Esperanza fire when the wildfire , fueled by Santa Ana winds , enveloped their engine . The fifth firefighter , Pablo Cerda , 23 , died October 31 , 2006 , at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center , where he had been taken after sustaining burns over 90 percent of his body . Days before being charged in Esperanza Fire , Oyler had been arrested and charged with two counts of arson in a June 2006 fire in the Banning Pass area . The 41,173-acre Esperanza fire outside Los Angeles destroyed 34 homes and 20 outbuildings , mainly in the Twin Pines and Poppet Flats areas , which had been under mandatory evacuations . The firefighters died trying to protect a partially built house in Twin Pines , a rural mountain community .	Jury convicts man on five counts of first-degree murder , 11 counts of arson 2006 fire outside Los Angeles , California , killed five firefighters Jury recommends death ; sentencing set for June 5
CNN  -- When I heard the news of Dr. Abbas Khan 's death , I was saddened and for the first time throughout my rather terrible experience with the Syrian conflict I felt bitter and angry . I followed his case keenly and was hoping that he would have a chance to come back safe to his family and tell us what has happened . His testimony would have been more credible than any other hearsay accounts we hear every day . Mind you credibility is no longer important in making up your mind about the Syrian regime 's action but somehow it comes in as a handy excuse for the international community to justify inaction . Doubt over British doctor 's Syria suicide Death has become so normal in Syria that most people fail to notice it and acknowledge it by much more than a roll of the eyes and mumbling the words "  such a terrible situation . " We , the Syrians , see on a daily basis horrific scenes of torture , brutality and savagery that it takes a particularity nasty way of dying to attract our attention . This does n't mean we are no longer compassionate -- we are simply emotionally drained . Syrian doctor : I 've lost count of amputations But , as a Syrian , you can notice few details others perhaps wo n't see . For example : I do n't need any "  clarifications , explanations , justifications , or elaborations " on the reasons behind the death of Khan . I know the regime killed him because the pattern of events is so typical we can almost accurately predict the regime 's next course of action when it comes to similar cases . Many regime officials have been assassinated in the last four decades and we were told that they committed suicide . You can also ask the Lebanese , for they can bear witness at the regime 's skills in shooting somebody four times , then saying they did it to themselves . Gun gesture at head I will never forget the look on the face of a prominent Syrian official who was particularly angry at the Assad regime 's response to the event in the Syrian city Daraa in the very early days of the revolution . He asked me why Bashar  al-Assad  failed to make his cousin , who was the mayor of Daraa , then commit suicide ? He then made a gun gesture and pointed it at his head . He indirectly admitted that the regime did this before . Khan did n't commit suicide using his pyjamas because Syrian prison inmates are not allowed to wear clothes . They are usually stripped down to their underwear and any garment that may pose danger to the prison guards is removed . Even if we did accept that there might be a slight chance he was given pyjamas to wear and that he somehow had the energy and the power to climb to one of the metal rings in the ceiling -- very popular in the Syrian prisons for their effectiveness in bearing the weight of young men when they are left hanging upside down by tying only one leg and leaving the body to swing around under extreme beating during "  investigations " -- he physically could n't have been able to tie the pyjamas around his neck then on the ring because they are usually too high . The alternative option of hanging himself from a window is also eliminated because currently Syrian prisons do n't have windows . If Abbas truly killed himself , then he was driven to it by the extreme conditions he was in . Who would kill themselves two days before they are granted a new lease of life , your pass out of true hell ? Look at the picture of one of the Syrian prisons . This is a "  single person " cell . Plight of Syria 's prisoners Abbas 's death will not add anything to the regime 's reputation for brutality but it will attract , hopefully , the international community 's attention to the prison inmates in Syria . I feel they became the lost ghosts that nobody is trying actively to help . The pain and horrific torture they go through should be enough for the entire world to try to help but somehow the politicians are busy reading between the lines asking questions about al-Assad 's degree of control . Who cares if he is the one in control or not ? This regime unleashed a killing machine almost three years ago using every trick in Hitler 's guide on how to kill many in one go , and it has the all means to continue until some drastic measures are taken . Al-Assad or not , Abbas 's death should not raise questions about the power game within the Syrian regime ; it should raise questions about how the world can help those suffering just like Abbas did before he was killed . Syrian government agencies have yet to comment on Khan 's death . In Syria , searching for loved one taken away The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Writer : I know the regime killed him because the pattern of events is so typical ` Many regime officials have been assassinated and we were told they committed suicide ' ` If Abbas truly killed himself , then he was driven to it by the extreme conditions he was in ' ` His death should raise questions about how the world can help those suffering just like Abbas '
An armed robber held up a jewelry exhibition in the French resort city of Cannes on Sunday , stealing jewels worth $ 53 million  40 million euros  , a Nice police official told CNN on the condition of anonymity . The robbery -- the third such heist around the city since May -- took place Sunday morning at the Carlton Hotel , according to Philippe Vique , deputy prosecutor for organized crime in the prosecutor 's office for the Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur region . He could not confirm the value of the jewelry . The robber , whose face was covered by a hat and a scarf , threatened to shoot the exhibitors and guests , Vique said . Security guards were present but unarmed , he said . The exhibitor , Leviev Extraordinary Diamonds , confirmed the heist and said it was "  relieved that no one was injured in the robbery . " The gems were supposed to have been on display until the end of August . The robbery follows two major jewel heists this year at events tied to the Cannes Film Festival . Read more : $ 1 million jewels stolen during Cannes Film Festival During the festival in May , a necklace worth $ 2.6 million  2 million euros  was stolen from a hotel party shortly after more than $ 1 million worth of jewels were stolen from a safe in a hotel room . Jeweler de Grisogono said the necklace was part of a collection making its debut . The jewels were from the Swiss firm Chopard , which was sponsoring the festival . Read more : The world 's biggest diamond heists The high-profile thefts follow a brazen heist in neighboring Belgium in February . Eight masked , heavily armed men used two vehicles to burst through a hole in the perimeter fence at Brussels Airport and nabbed $ 50 million in rough and polished diamonds from the hold of a Zurich-bound aircraft before speeding away . More than 30 arrests have been made in that incident . And in 2008 , four armed robbers -- two disguised as women -- walked into luxury jeweler Harry Winston 's store on Paris ' famed Champs Elysees and swiped an estimated $ 111 million worth of merchandise in the span of 15 minutes . Those gems were found in 2011 , hidden in a rain sewer at a house in the Parisian suburb of Seine-Saint-Denis .	An armed robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels from a hotel , police official says Security was present but unarmed , deputy prosecutor says There were two major jewel heists at Cannes Film Festival events this year
CNN  WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London , his lawyer in Sweden told CNN . Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden , where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . According to the lawyer , Thomas Olsson , Swedish prosecutors will now have to reach out to British and Ecuadorian authorities to request permission to conduct the interview at the embassy . The prosecutors previously balked at coming to Britain to question Assange . However , some of the alleged crimes will be subject to a statute of limitations in August 2015 , according to a statement from Marianne Ny , the director of public prosecutions . Ny explained the logic behind the Swedish authorities ' change of approach in her statement . "  My view has always been that to perform an interview with him at the Ecuadorian embassy in London would lower the quality of the interview , and that he would need to be present in Sweden in any case should there be a trial in the future , " Ny said . "  This assessment remains unchanged . Now that time is of the essence , I have viewed it therefore necessary to accept such deficiencies to the investigation and likewise take the risk that the interview does not move the case forward , particularly as there are no other measures on offer without Assange being present in Sweden . " The Australian national has not been charged and denies the claims . Assange has said he fears Sweden would extradite him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty if he is charged and convicted of publishing government secrets through WikiLeaks . Ecuador granted Assange political asylum in 2012 . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The WikiLeaks founder is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims ; he denies the allegations Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012
CNN  -- During Tuesday night 's debate with Republican challenger Mitt Romney , President Barack Obama touted his administration 's support for the federal Pell Grant program and other aid for college students . The claim : "  We 've expanded Pell Grants for millions of people , including millions of young women , all across the country , " Obama said . "  We did it by taking $ 60 billion that was going to banks and lenders as middlemen for the student loan program , and we said , ` Let 's just cut out the middleman . Let 's give the money directly to students . ' And as a consequence , we 've seen millions of young people be able to afford college , and that 's going to make sure that young women are going to be able to compete in that marketplace . " That 's a big claim in a time of tight budgets , so CNN decided to take a closer look . Fact Check : Romney , women and jobs The facts : In 2009 and 2010 , the Obama administration pushed to eliminate the federal guaranteed student loan program , which subsidized student loans issued through private lenders . The administration argued that the money that went to banks through the program would be better spent on direct federal loans to students or to Pell Grants , which provide students up to $ 5,600 . A Democratic-led Congress approved the plan in March 2010 as part of the same budget bill that cemented Obama 's signature health care legislation . It faced heavy opposition from Republicans , who criticized it as a "  government takeover " of the student loan industry . But Rep. George Miller , the California Democrat who led the House committee that oversaw education , argued it ended a "  sweetheart deal " for banks . During the debate , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that the legislation would save the government up to $ 62 billion through 2020 . Fact Check : Candidates positions on contraception ? Much of that money has gone to the Pell Grant program , which has grown from about $ 19 billion in 2009 to a requested $ 36 billion for 2013 . About 10 million students are expected to receive Pell Grants next year , up from about 6 million in the 2008-09 academic year , according to the Department of Education . However , observers of the higher education sector note that the grants are n't keeping up with inflated tuition . The grants now cover less than a third of the average cost of attending a four-year public college , according to the Institute for College Access & Success , a nonprofit research group . Conclusion : Obama 's comments accurately summarize the recent history of the federal student aid programs under his administration , which have gone up -- just not as fast as college costs . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks CNN 's Caleb Hellerman and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Obama pushed to eliminate subsidized student loans Much of the money went into Pell Grants That program has grown from $ 19 billion to about $ 36 billion
CNN  -- Missouri Rep. Roy Blunt Thursday announced his intention to run for a seat in the U.S. Senate , a move that sets up what is likely to be a showdown between two prominent families in one of the country 's most politically divided states . Former House Republican Whip Roy Blunt announced he will run for a Missouri Senate seat . Making the official announcement in St. Louis , Missouri , the former House Republican whip indicated he would run on a platform of keeping Democratic control of both Congress and the White House in check . "  Common sense and open debate are in danger of being suppressed by the overreaching liberal monopoly in Congress and the White House , " he said , according to prepared remarks . "  Never has Washington been in greater need of hearing from people who work hard , pay their taxes and want solutions to urgent economic problems and the ongoing threat of terrorism . " "  My sense is Missourians and Americans are not well served by one-party rule , " Blunt also said , citing the massive stimulus measure signed by President Obama that won little Republican support . Blunt 's announcement comes two weeks after Democrat Robin Carnahan jumped into the race . Carnahan is another Missourian with prominent name recognition who enjoys widespread support . "  The Missouri Senate race is shaping up to be one of the most competitive races of the cycle , " said Nathan Gonzalez , political editor of the Rothenberg Report . "  It has attracted two of the biggest names of the state that has a history of closest elections . " Both Blunt and Carnahan are seeking the Senate seat set to be vacated by longtime Missouri Republican Kit Bond . Blunt , a six-term congressman representing the state 's conservative southwestern corner , is a longtime Missouri politician with high name recognition across the state and solid support among his party 's conservative base . He has run for statewide office several times during his nascent political career , having served as secretary of state for two terms before losing the Republican primary for governor in 1992 . His son Matt also served as the state 's governor from 2005-2009 , but ultimately decided not to seek another term because of low approval ratings . Blunt faces a state that has become increasing Democratic in the last several election cycles . The state 's other Senate seat went Democratic in 2006 with Claire McCaskill 's narrow win , and Democrat Jay Nixon was elected governor of the state in 2008 . But Republicans still hold edges in the state 's House and Senate chambers and have a majority of the state 's nine congressional seats . While Blunt is likely to enjoy the support of the party 's establishment , he could face a competitive primary challenge from former state Treasurer Sarah Steelman , a vocal critic of her party 's leadership who narrowly lost a bruising primary bid for governor last year . Even though she is not particularly popular in her party , Steelman 's message of reform could resonate if the GOP 's national approval ratings remain low throughout the next two years . "  Republicans would like to avoid a primary in the Senate race , but she 's not the kind of person they will be able to just shove out of a race , " Gonzalez said . "  She relishes in being in an outsider role . " But should Blunt make it to a general election facing Carnahan , the race will likely become a hard-fought and high-profile battle of two powerful political names . Carnahan 's father , Mel , served as governor of the state from 1993-2000 and died in a plane crash while running for the U.S. Senate . Carnahan still won the seat , defeating then-Republican Sen. John Ashcroft , and Carnahan 's wife Jean held the post for two years . Carnahan 's brother is also a U.S. congressman representing the outskirts of St. Louis . But national Democrats are eager for a match-up against Blunt , who was a protg to former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay and has been linked to disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff . "  As one of the faces of the same old Republican Party , Roy Blunt enters this race with a whole lot of baggage and a whole lot of questions to answer , " said Eric Schultz , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee 's communication 's director . Democrats will also highlight Blunt 's stalwart support of former President Bush , especially when it comes to economic policies . "  I 'd hate to be him , and explaining my votes on the Bush positions , " DSCC chairman Bob Menendez said of Blunt last week . "  They got their ideas into law . It created one of the worst economies I have ever seen . "	Ex-Republican whip wants to keep Democratic control in check Decision comes two weeks after Democrat Robin Carnahan announced bid Both candidates have high name recognition in Missouri
STOCKHOLM , Sweden  CNN  -- Bjorn Ulvaeus was one half of the songwriting genius behind Swedish pop legend ABBA . After the band split up in 1982 Ulvaeus turned his talents to writing musicals , including "  Mamma Mia , " now a blockbuster movie . Bjorn Ulvaeus on the ABBA phenomenon : "  I 'm amazed how this could happen . I 'm just grateful and humble . " He took My City_My Life on a tour of his home town of Stockholm and talked about his past and future as pop royalty . CNN : What is the secret of ABBA 's success ? Bjorn Ulvaeus : I think the secret behind the fact that our songs are still around and that ABBA became so big is a lot of factors together . But one of them was definitely that we put so much effort into song writing . We hardly ever toured , we just wrote and wrote and produced the records over a period of seven or eight years . So it 's the songs , plus I think the two girls , the voices -- the blend was unique and very special . CNN : Where did get the inspiration for your songs ? BU : Well mostly in song writing my experience is that there is n't so much inspiration as hard work . You sit there for hours , days and weeks with a guitar and piano until something good comes . But the urge to write is something you have to have . A conviction , an ambition to write and never stop until you think , "  This is the best I can do . " Watch Bjorn Ulvaeus take CNN on a tour of Stockholm " CNN : What drives you ? BU : In my career the push has always been to take another step , to try something new . That means that after ABBA , when we split up in 1982 , we were onto writing a musical -LSB- "  Chess " -RSB- because we had n't done that before . CNN : How do you feel about working in the theater ? BU : Every time I sit in the audience and watch a show that I have been involved with , it is such an amazing feeling to see all those people around me , knowing they are actually watching and enjoying something I have written . That is such a feeling of pure joy that never goes away and that 's why I guess I 'm so attracted to work in the theater . CNN : How did "  Mamma Mia ! The Movie " come about ? BU : When you have a big hit on the West End and on Broadway with a musical , as we had with "  Mamma Mia , " there is always the question , "  when are you going to do the movie ? " Some people say you should n't do it until the actual stage musical is on its last legs , but I do n't think that matters . We had been on Broadway for seven or eight years and eight or nine in the West End and we thought now is the time to make that movie . CNN : How has Stockholm changed over the years ? BU : A city like Stockholm , being so dynamic and following trends , develops all the time . It 's gradually changing but you can hardly see that . It is changing in a very healthy way that cities should change . CNN : How would you describe Stockholm in a few words ? BU : Stockholm is unique in the world in that it 's built on , I think , 14 islands . There are so many bridges and it does n't have any high-rise buildings to speak of . It 's quite spread out and open and airy with lots of parks . See photos of Bjorn Ulvaeus in Stockholm " CNN : Let 's talk about the cultural scene in Stockholm . BU : There is a very vibrant cultural scene in Stockholm . There are lots of places where there are concerts and there are loads of museums and theaters . There is everything really , and eventually there is going to be an ABBA museum as well . CNN : When will that happen ? BU : I do n't know -- I like to be arm 's length when it comes to a museum about oneself . Other people should do that . CNN : That 's quite a Swedish trait ... BU : A lot of Swedes are quite modest and unassuming . I think that 's actually the closest you can get to a national trait , if there is one . CNN : How does it feel that people from different generations are still enjoying ABBA songs ? BU : In a way I 'm kind of a bystander looking at this phenomenon that is ABBA , which is still around , and that I thought would be finished in 1981 and forgotten . I 'm amazed how this could happen and I do n't know why it happened . I 'm just grateful and humble . I just sit back and enjoy . CNN : What would you like your legacy to be ? BU : I would like for my children to feel that what I left behind was something that I did whole heartedly and with honesty , and something that was the best I could do and hopefully that they too can enjoy .	Bjorn Ulvaeus is half of the songwriting pair behind Swedish pop legend ABBA He lives in Stockholm , which he describes as being "  dynamic " and trendy Ulvaeus thought ABBA would be forgotten and is "  amazed " by its popularity An ABBA museum is being planned for Stockholm
Budget Travel  -- If you tirelessly rack up frequent-flier miles only to encounter snags when you try to redeem them , it 's time you discovered the increasingly generous world of hotel reward programs . Short on both business and leisure travelers of late , hotel chains are doing whatever it takes to fill their beds . "  This is an awfully good time to be using hotel points , " says Tim Winship , publisher of FrequentFlier.com , a site that tracks loyalty programs . "  You 'll save money , and you should n't have any problems getting a free night . " Rick Ingersoll knows full well how generous hotels can be . The retired mortgage banker and his wife , Katy , are n't paying a dime for 58 of the 61 nights they 've booked on an around-the-world trip starting in April . The couple piled up points with five different chains by using hotel-reward credit cards and signing up for all the giveaways they could find .  They even endured a 90-minute time-share tour in Hawaii to earn 7,500 Starwood points . "  It takes time to learn the system , and you 've got to keep your eyes open , " says Ingersoll , who pens a blog on travel deals , FrugalTravelGuy.blogspot.com . "  But I rarely pay for a hotel room . " Budget Travel : Best value hotels Stay  almost  any night Many travelers have long harbored a big gripe when it comes to hotel loyalty programs : blackout dates . But those discouraging words may be a thing of the past . Initially , Starwood was the only chain that allowed rewards members to trade in points for a room on any night . But then InterContinental and Hyatt followed suit in the early 2000s , and two other biggies , Hilton and Marriott , relaxed their rules this past year . Fantastic news , right ? Unfortunately , there 's often a hitch : Many chains still have what are known in hotel lingo as capacity controls , or curbs on the number of rooms available to loyalty club members during peak travel times . Of the major players , only Hilton and Starwood claim not to have any capacity controls , while Marriott , InterContinental , and Hyatt admit that some standard rooms are off-limits on popular nights , such as New Year 's Eve at the New York Marriott Marquis overlooking Times Square . One other alert : Some chains require that you keep your account active every year by earning or redeeming points -- or your stash will disappear . Have a hotel shopping spree A free room is n't the only thing your points buy -- InterContinental has iPod Nanos and Nintendo Wiis for sale at its online mall , Marriott dangles rounds of golf at its links in Jamaica and Hawaii , and Hilton hawks tickets to Saturday Night Live tapings . Not to be outdone , Starwood last fall became the first chain to allow rewards members to directly exchange hotel points for airfare . For example , a round-trip ticket worth about $ 350 on any airline costs 25,000 points -- and there are no dreaded blackout dates or extra fees . Another plus for loyalty members is the current bonanza of point bonuses . Starwood recently showered guests at its Aloft hotels with quadruple the points they 'd normally earn for a night , while Hyatt is bestowing between 2,000 and 20,000 extra points for stays of two to eight nights through the end of April . A great resource for finding these bonuses is the delightfully nerdy new Web site PointMaven.com , which has a database of thousands of offers across the country , color-coded to show the best deals . Finding the right match Because every program is different -- and many can be mind-numbingly complex -- comparing them is tricky . For one , every chain has its own formula for calculating how points are earned . Marriott doles out 10 points per dollar spent at most of its hotels , Starwood awards two points per dollar , and InterContinental allots 2,000 points per visit at its main brand , no matter how long you stay . Many chains also have partnerships with credit card companies , allowing you to amass points every time you make a charge . The cards are usually free for the first year , and hotels often give away as many as 25,000 points just for signing up . Trading in your cache is another matter : Each chain requires a different number of points for a room , depending on the grade of the property and the desirability of the location . You 'll spend 7,500 points for a night at a low-frills Marriott hotel  such as a Fairfield Inn  or a whopping 20,000 points to live it up at the deluxe Atlanta Marriott Downtown . To help you zero in on the program for you , we 've broken down exactly how much you have to spend in dollars to earn a free night at five of the biggest chains  see the chart  . Experts have their favorite programs . Randy Petersen , publisher of InsideFlyer.com , another Web site that tracks loyalty clubs , likes Starwood 's cash-and-points option , which lets travelers use money to make up the difference when they do n't have enough points for a free stay . Ingersoll is a fan of InterContinental 's PointBreaks promotions , which make rooms available for 5,000 points , half the normal rate . His best piece of advice : Just dive in . "  It does n't cost anything to sign up , so join all the programs . Then stay poised for the deal with your name on it . " Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Hotel loyalty programs have relaxed rules for blackout dates in recent years InterContinental has iPod Nanos and Nintendo Wiis for sale at its online mall Starwood allows rewards members to directly exchange hotel points for airfare
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush has approved the Army 's request to execute a soldier convicted of rape and murder , the White House announced Monday evening . Pvt. Ronald Gray , seen here in 1988 , has been on the military 's death row for 20 years . Pvt. Ronald Gray has been on the military 's death row at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , since 1988 . His execution would be the first for the U.S. military since 1961 , but the White House said it expects further appeals before the sentence is carried out . "  While approving a sentence of death for a member of our armed services is a serious and difficult decision for a commander-in-chief , the president believes the facts of this case leave no doubt that the sentence is just and warranted , " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said . Gray was convicted of raping and killing a female Army private and a civilian near his post at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . He was also convicted of the rape and attempted murder of another fellow soldier in her barracks at Fort Bragg . "  The president 's thoughts and prayers are with the victims of these heinous crimes and their families and all others affected , " Perino said . Both military and civilian courts found Gray responsible for the crimes committed between April 1986 and January 1987 . Gray pleaded guilty to two murders and five rapes in a civilian court and was sentenced to three consecutive and five concurrent life terms . A general court-martial at the Army 's Fort Bragg then tried him and in April 1988 convicted him of two murders , an attempted murder and three rapes . He was unanimously sentenced to death . Members of the U.S. military have been executed throughout history , but just 10 have been executed with presidential approval since 1951 under the Uniform Code of Military Justice , the military 's modern-day legal system . Military courts have not yet set an execution date for Gray , who can still appeal through civilian federal courts . The Army also has sought Bush 's authorization to execute another condemned soldier , Pvt. Dwight Loving , who was convicted of killing and robbing two cab drivers in 1988 . The last U.S. military execution was in 1961 , when Army private John Bennett was hanged for raping and attempting to kill an 11-year-old Austrian girl . Bennett was sentenced in 1955 . The U.S. military has n't actively pursued an execution for a military prisoner since President John F. Kennedy commuted a death sentence in 1962 . Six men are currently on military death row . Bush allowed 152 executions as governor of Texas and has signed off on three executions of federal inmates since he became president -- including that of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , who was put to death in 2001 . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Bush OK 's Army 's request to execute a soldier convicted of rape , murder Pvt. Ronald Gray has been on the military 's death row in Kansas since 1988 White House said it expects further appeals before the sentence is carried out
It 's the gravest diplomatic crisis the Gulf Cooperation Council has ever faced -- but as leaders from the six-member Arab alliance prepare to meet in Jeddah , are things about to get even worse ? The root of the current problem ? Qatar simply will not do as it 's told by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates , who have spent months trying to force the energy-rich nation to fundamentally alter its foreign policy . Bahrain , the UAE and the Saudis withdrew their ambassadors from Qatar in March , and have kept up the pressure ever since . Of course , tensions between Saudi Arabia and Qatar are nothing new . Qatar has striven since the late 1980s to escape the Saudi political orbit by vigorously pursuing its own independent foreign policy -- regardless of the displeasure it caused in Riyadh . The Saudis , for their part , have never liked this rejection of its leadership from an uppity small country like Qatar that it sees as barely more than an appendage of its own state . But for all the pressure Saudi Arabia exerted on Qatar -- including withdrawing its ambassador from Doha from 2002-2008 -- it could not put the Qatari genie back in the bottle . A modus vivendi was reached in 2008 , but the current crisis seems to mark another attempt to put Qatar in its place . Among a variety of modern-day issues , the central concern animating this round of difficulties is Qatar 's support for various groups associated with the Muslim Brotherhood -- the long-suppressed pan-regional Islamist movement that swept to power in the Egyptian elections of 2012 before being deposed by the military a year later . The Saudis are deeply troubled by the practical and rhetorical threats the group poses in the region . And although a Brotherhood-inspired revolution seems deeply unlikely in the UAE , this is what its authorities fear and the reason they have sentenced to jail dozens of people in the last 18 months . In March 2014 both states banned the group and labelled it a terrorist organization . Qatar has made some concessions . In mid-August , reports emerged that Qatar has considered ending the naturalization of nationals from other GCC countries -- Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Bahrain , Oman and Kuwait -- in answer to their criticism of the practice . And it beggars belief to think that Qatar has not made other concessions in private , given the seriousness of the break in regional relations between the countries . Yet still Saudi Arabia and the UAE continue to try to force Qatar to accept and conform to their particular world-view . Up to this point , this current disagreement has had a negligible impact on the GCC -- and the fact that the Council can not provide a united front on the Gaza or ISIS crises is nothing new for the argumentative and perennially-divided group . Demoting Qatar somehow from the GCC , one of the potential punishments for the recalcitrant state , would merely codify the ineffectiveness of the GCC , not create it . Furthermore , punishing Doha would adversely affect on-going efforts to promote "  jointness " among the GCC militaries in areas like ballistic missile defence . And if Qataris were to need new visas to enter other GCC countries , this would foster a logistical nightmare and increase the already bitter intra-GCC tensions felt by people . If things got worse at the GCC , Qatar would double-down on its relations with the likes of Turkey , Iran , and the remaining Muslim Brotherhood affiliates in the region , and it would reinforce its relations to its closest international allies : the US , the UK , France , Japan , and South Korea . So what could the Saudis do to try to bring Doha into line ? Any closure of the Qatari-Saudi border would be deeply harmful for Qatar given the importance of the route for trade . Around 80 % of dairy imports , 30 % of stone and cement imports , and 92 % of aluminium imports come across the land border , according to the Ministry of Development Planning & Statistics in Qatar . If the Qatari Government were to react to this  even though they have taken the moral high ground by doing nothing so far  , they could curtail its gas supply to the UAE  and Oman  , which is crucial given the surging demand for natural gas in the Emirates . While closing the border would generally be seen as an overreaction by Saudi Arabia , so too was removing its ambassador from Qatar , not to mention its rejection of the U.N. Security Council seat it won in October 2013 after years of lobbying and training for the role . Some kind of escalation looks likely , barring a last minute reprieve . Saudi Arabia and the UAE appear to want a public sign of contrition from Qatar -- something that the new Emir of Qatar can not give . Not only can the Emir not overturn decades of Qatari policy that has sporadically supported groups like the Brotherhood , but barely a year into his leadership , he can not capitulate to such naked regional pressure . Vociferous and patriotic public pressure in Qatar alone precludes that . And as the on-going Iranian-American nuclear talks have lowered tensions in the region , so too have the talks diminished the only real factor -- the threat of a nuclear Iran -- forcing any kind of cohesion from the GCC . The GCC does face a serious political crisis , but though this may concern the countries involved , the tiff will likely pass mostly unnoticed by the rest of the region -- and the oil , the gas , the investment , the imports , and the money going to a wide variety of groups around the Middle East will continue to flow from all states .	The leaders from the six-member Arab alliance prepare to meet in Jeddah David B Roberts : Qatar will not do as it 's told by Saudi Arabia and the UAE Tensions between Saudi Arabia and Qatar are nothing new , he writes Main concern is Qatar 's support for groups linked with the Muslim Brotherhood , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Chinese military continues to increase spending on efforts to break into U.S. military computer systems , expand its Navy , and invest in intercontinental nuclear missiles and weapons to destroy satellites , according to the latest U.S report on China 's military power . Chinese military officers after a meeting about the People 's Liberation Army in 2007 . The annual report from the Pentagon to Congress says China 's total military spending in 2007 was between $ 97 billion and $ 139 billion , but it is hard to tell exactly how much was spent and on what . In comparison , the U.S. military budget request for 2008 is $ 481.4 billion , not including war requests . Pentagon officials said a chunk of China 's spending went to cyberwarfare , because 2007 saw several "  intrusions " believed to be from the Peoples Liberation Army . In the incidents , unclassified U.S. military computer systems were broken into and information was taken , according to Pentagon officials . While the information taken was not classified , Pentagon officials said the worry is the Chinese hacking required many of the skills and capabilities that would also be required for a computer network attack . Last summer , a cyber-attack on Department of Defense computer systems took down the e-mail capability of hundreds of staffers for weeks , but the Pentagon still will not comment on who initiated the attack . It is widely believed among the military to have been the Peoples Liberation Army . China is also investing heavily in and fielding improved nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles and antisatellite missiles , according to the report . The United States expressed its concern last year after China fired a missile at one of its old satellites and destroyed it , sending thousands of dangerous pieces of space debris into orbit . The United States conducted a similar strike last month on a broken U.S. spy satellite before it re-entered the Earth 's atmosphere . U.S. officials said the satellite was hit and broke into thousands of small pieces that burned up as they re-entered Earth 's atmosphere . The United States is also concerned about the purchase of more submarines by the Chinese navy as well as plans for more aircraft carriers . The Chinese once had a small Navy . Now the United States is keeping an eye on the growing service amid concerns over Taiwan . The concerns include "  China 's near-term focus on preparing for contingencies in the Taiwan Strait , including the possibility of U.S. intervention , which is an important driver of its modernization , " the report says . Additionally , the Chinese have placed about 100 more short-range missiles on the shore opposite Taiwan in the past year , it says . Pentagon officials worry the continued increase in Chinese military spending is slowly tipping the balance of power between China and Taiwan in China 's favor . The United States has said it would help defend Taiwan if China invaded . The report also says the Peoples Liberation Army is "  pursuing comprehensive transformation from a mass army designed for protracted wars of attrition on its territory to one capable of fighting and winning short-duration , high-intensity conflicts along its periphery against high-tech adversaries . " Such an army , the report says , would have "  the greatest potential to compete militarily with the United States and field disruptive military technologies that could , over time , offset traditional U.S. military advantages . " The United States says the lack of transparency by the Chinese on its spending poses "  risks to stability by increasing the potential for misunderstanding and miscalculation , " and that China has yet to explain to the international community the purpose of its military expansion , Pentagon officials said . E-mail to a friend	Pentagon : Chinese military expanding its Navy , investing in weapons Officials worry China is trying to hack into U.S. military computers "  Intrusions " have already happened , officials say , though info was not classified Pentagon : China 's lack of transparency makes it hard to know the extent of activity
CNN  -- A supersonic combat jet crashed Saturday afternoon on a training complex in rural Nevada , the Navy said . The F/A -18 C Hornet went down about 70 miles east of Naval Air Station Fallon in western Nevada , an hour 's drive east of Reno . The aircraft was conducting a training flight . Navy personnel were en route to the scene Saturday night and had not yet "  confirmed the status of the aircraft crew member , " according to a news release . The plane was assigned to the air station 's Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center . Naval Air Station Fallon is a popular training site because of its weather , which provides "  more than 300 clear flying days per year " and its facilities , which include four bombing ranges , an electronic warfare range and a 14,000-foot runway , the longest in the Navy , the station 's website says . In January : Divers find body of missing pilot in Navy helicopter crash CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Jet crashes about 70 miles east of Naval Air Station Fallon in Nevada Navy says it 's working to confirm "  status of the aircraft crew member " Plane was assigned to Fallon 's Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center
Bossangoa , Central African Republic  CNN  -- Months after a coup escalated chaos and violence in the Central African Republic , the U.N. Security Council on Thursday unanimously approved the deployment of African and French forces there . The council also voted to impose an arms embargo on the nation , which is east of Cameroon and north of the Democratic Republic of Congo . A representative of the Central African Republic told the council the vote would "  give reasons to hope for a new dawn " for the country 's embattled population . Speaking after the vote , U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power said the U.S. government was "  deeply disturbed " by ongoing reports of brutality in the nation . "  It is clear that urgent action is needed to save lives , " she said , adding that the crisis has affected nearly half the country 's population . The Security Council resolution , put forward by France , authorizes an African Union-led peacekeeping force to intervene with the support of French forces to protect civilians , restore humanitarian access and stabilize the country . Hours before the meeting , heavy gunfire erupted near the presidential palace in the capital of Bangui , witnesses said . Samuel Henryon , of Doctors without Borders , told CNN that eight people were killed and 65 wounded in clashes in the city . The agency , also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , has 16 people helping at two hospitals where the wounded have been taken , it said in a statement . Twenty are badly hurt , most with gunshot , machete or knife wounds . An official with the African-led peacekeeping force in the Central African Republic , Jean Pierre Sadou , told CNN he had seen eight bodies in the street . He said he had been told there were more bodies near the National Assembly . Violence has raged in the country since a coalition of rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . Christian vigilante groups have formed to battle Seleka , the predominantly Muslim coalition behind the president 's ouster . Multiple sources told CNN that the military commander of Seleka , Gen. Issa Yahya , was killed Thursday in Bangui . His second-in-command , Col. Saleh Zabari , is now thought to be in charge . Sadou said Seleka is now back in control of the center of Bangui and the situation there is quiet . Fighting continues near the airport , however . Members of Seleka told CNN that at least 30 people had been killed in the clashes in Bangui , men and women among them . Christians take refuge Left uncontrolled , militia groups are uniting along religious lines , leading to fears of sectarian violence . The situation in Bossangoa , a town about 185 miles north of Bangui that is at the epicenter of displacement resulting from the violence , was extremely tense Thursday . About 35,000 Christians have taken refuge in a Catholic church compound there . The headquarters of the small regional peacekeeping mission told CNN that the second-in-command of Seleka had given the militia permission to attack the compound . The mission has sent reinforcements in defensive positions around the church to protect civilians . A CNN team in the vicinity could hear sustained gunfire and rocket-propelled grenade fire that appeared to be directed at the church compound . There is no word yet of any casualties or damage suffered . Speaking to CNN before reports of the death of Seleka 's commander emerged , Zabari said that it was believed there were armed elements in the compound but that unless those inside moved against them , they would n't attack it . Power , the U.S. envoy , said the sectarian tension that has made the tens of thousands of Christians seek refuge in the church compound in Bossangoa , while their Muslim neighbors shelter in a mosque nearby , was a tragic result of the coup . "  Extremists on both sides , in an environment of lawlessness and an environment of state failure , have taken advantage of that vacuum and stoked animosities , " she said . The U.S. State Department said the United States was "  appalled by today 's reports of the murder of innocent women and children outside of Bangui " and was working with its international partners to find the best way to stabilize the situation . "  This horrifying account is the latest in a string of reports that illustrate the deteriorating humanitarian and security situation in the Central African Republic that could lead to an escalation in violence and further atrocities , " the State Department statement said . An unknown number of people have been killed in remote rural areas too risky to access . United Nations officials have warned that the violence between the Christian majority and Muslim minority now in power could lead to genocide . More than 400,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations . "  They are hiding in the bush without shelter , food , or drinking water , exposed to the weather and mosquitoes that carry malaria , the leading cause of death in the country , " Doctors Without Borders said in a statement . The group has operated in the country for years and is helping dispatch mobile units to take care of the wounded . French troops An African Union force is already in the nation , but rights group say it 's not enough to halt the escalating violence . Last month , France pledged to send about 1,000 more troops to add to the 400 already there . The troops currently there are deployed to protect French nationals and help secure the airport in the capital , France said . Sources in the African Union mission to the Central African Republic said Wednesday that more French troops are on their way to the nation . France 's ambassador to the United Nations , Gerard Araud , who holds the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council , welcomed the body 's decision to intervene in what he said was a "  forgotten crisis . " The United Nations has suggested its peacekeeping force could eventually augment the African-led mission . Bozize fled the country after the coup led by rebel leader Michel Djotodia . A transitional government is in place led by Djotodia , who was commander of the Seleka rebels . But the country continues to be wracked by unrest and new elections have yet to be held . Opinion : Why Central African Republic is slipping close to catastrophe Central African Republic : What 's going on , what 's at stake , what 's next CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Bangui , Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Lillian Leposo , Nana Karikari-apau and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It is clear that urgent action is needed to save lives , " says U.S. envoy Power U.N. Security Council backs resolution authorizing African and French intervention Eight people have been killed and 65 injured in Bangui , Doctors Without Borders says Gunfire appears to target church compound where 35,000 Christians have taken refuge
CNN  -- Do not go backstage at Cirque Du Soleil . It will only hurt your self-esteem . Anthony Gatto says he 's been in training since he was 3 years old and performing since he was 8 . In the performers ' tent for the touring show "  Kooza , " there are the chiseled men catapulting their partners onto each other 's shoulders from a giant see-saw and the woman doing contortions on children 's - sized blocks . You can only take so much of this before your ego needs normal . Normal might be that man in the corner , wearing a T-shirt , shorts and sneakers throwing balls in the air . How hard can that be ? Your self-worth will be quickly dashed again when the man picks up a soccer ball , bounces it on his head and jumps rope at the same time . Moments later , he 's juggling six or seven orange rings  they move so fast , it looks like a blur  and then does a pirouette -- while all the rings are in the air -- and then catches them on his arm . Watch the juggler in action " You could say Anthony Gatto went into the family business . But his stepfather was n't a farmer or a doctor . He was a juggler . "  By the time I was 8 , I was entered into a juggling competition , and incidentally , that was the same competition that Patrick Dempsey , the actor , was in , " Gatto said . "  He used to be a juggler . We competed against each other . I took first , he took second . Now he 's a big actor and here I am , juggling . " Gatto is being modest . In fact , he did n't audition for "  Kooza . " The show went looking for him . "  I have right now 11 juggling world records , " he said . "  Some of them I 've held since I was 16 years old and they have yet to be beaten . " Imagine a wearable disco ball . That 's not too different from the form-fitting outfit Gatto wears onstage . Backstage , it 's a long-sleeve T-shirt , gym shorts and sneakers . But there 's nothing casual about his daily routine . He typically works out and practices six to seven hours a day to prepare for his 10 minutes in the spotlight . In fact , he is practicing until moments before he runs on stage . "  Juggling is something that is so delicate , you have to have a really good feel , you can lose that in minutes , " he said . "  There are so many variables that can affect you . If it 's a humid day , it 's a very difficult task to get through the number that I do . The wind , if there 's any air current in there and you 're expecting to catch a ring and it blows an inch , you miss it . " But he rarely misses -- at least not in his act . This performer , who relies on coordination and concentration 350 shows a year , admits his most embarrassing moment has nothing to do with balls , clubs or rings . It 's acting that trips him up . "  I have fallen as the delivery-man character in the show . In fact , I have done this a few times , " he said . "  I like to think it 's because I put my heart and soul into the characters I 'm portraying . " Surrounded by all this talent and precision , there is some comfort in knowing one of the best -- maybe the best juggler in the world -- is also a klutz .	Cirque Du Soleil 's "  Kooza " went looking for juggler with 11 world records Anthony Gatto beat actor Patrick Dempsey in juggling competition Gatto practices six to seven hours to prepare for 10 minutes on stage Says humidity and wind can affect his routine
As Americans read about the flood of private money that is going into the current presidential campaign , most ca n't help but shake their heads in disgust about how our democracy functions . With all the talk about changing Washington , voters are shrewd enough to understand that if contributors give this much money to the candidates in both parties , there is little chance that Washington will be much different in 2013 . In Depth : Where money and politics collide Americans tend to be cynical that campaign finance reform will ever work . The conventional assumption is that politicians will never be willing to fix the system and they will circumvent any laws that come their way . Trust in government continues to plummet . Yet we must remember that there have been moments when positive change happened . The most important episode in the history of campaign finance reform took place in the aftermath of the Watergate scandal that brought down President Richard Nixon . Although Watergate was about a break-in to Democratic campaign headquarters and the coverup that followed , the congressional investigations revealed the ways in which interest groups donated campaign funds with the hope of shaping policy and how politicians , including Nixon 's advisers , circumvented existing laws . The scandal prompted Congress to finally tackle these bigger issues about campaigns . As then Sen. Joseph Biden explained , "  Watergate is n't the question . Watergate is merely a vehicle through which we can get through what we originally could not get through because the fellows on the other team are in a very compromising position as a consequence of it . " Congress passed legislation that established contribution and spending limits , public financing for presidential elections and an independent elections commission . During the next two decades , the system for funding presidential elections proved to be remarkably effective . The system provided partial funds during the primaries and full funding during the general election . To receive the taxpayer funds , candidates had to agree to abide by restrictions on how much they could spend and how much they could receive from private sources . Candidates in both parties agreed to the system . Though it was far from perfect , the reforms had a big impact in reducing the power of private money . Former Democratic power broker Robert Strauss and former secretary of Defense and Republican congressman Melvin Laird concluded in 1986 : "  Public financing of presidential elections has clearly proved its worth in opening up the process , reducing the influence of individuals and groups , and virtually ending corruption in presidential election finance . " This was not the only reform that made a difference . Disclosure laws enacted in the 1970s have produced a much more transparent process that allows voters and reporters to easily find out about where money is coming from and how much is being spent . The nation has come a far distance from the 1950s when there was virtually no data on the sources of campaign finance . Over time , the system for publicly financed presidential elections did break down . During the 1980s and 1990s , donors found loopholes to move money into the campaigns . As fewer Americans checked the box on their tax returns to donate their money to the system , the amount of funds available seemed meager compared to what candidates could raise on the fundraising circuit . The lure of massive campaign funds proved to be too great . In 2000 , Republican candidate George W. Bush did not take public money so that he could free himself from any restrictions . In 2004 , Democrats John Kerry and Howard Dean did not take public funds for their primary runs either . Four years later , Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama did the same for the primaries , and Obama did so for the general election . Although efforts to stop funding the public campaign budget have failed , President Obama and whoever runs for the Republicans will continue the path set out in 2008 . Public funds are now irrelevant . The constraints that came with those funds are gone , and overall limits on private campaign fundraising have been weakened by court decisions . It is time for the parties to look again at the system that Congress put in place in 1974 . While the system was far from perfect and eventually fell apart , it is notable that there was a substantial period of time when reforms reined in the power of money in politics . It turned out that , for a time , politicians -- with the promise of public funds to cover the cost of their campaigns -- were willing to abandon the toxic fundraising circuit that otherwise consumed most of their time . It is time for reform once again . The nation must remember the lessons from Watergate -- not just what went wrong , but also how Congress was able to improve the way in which we govern in response to a scandal that rocked the nation . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	Julian Zelizer : The flood of special interest money into politics disgusts many He says U.S. should n't give up on reform ; it worked after Watergate Zelizer says system of public financing of presidential campaigns is broken
CNN  -- Denver police opened a homicide case Wednesday after firefighters found five people dead inside a bar that was set ablaze . Police said they believe the bar was set on fire to mask the homicides inside . "  We 'd like to say this was an isolated incident , but I ca n't say that with any certainty , " Denver Police Chief Robert White said Wednesday afternoon as he asked members of the public to help investigators . Police said they had received tips , but had no suspects yet . "  We 're asking if anyone has any information , no matter how trivial they think it is , please contact us , " White told reporters . Reports of a fire at Fero 's Bar and Grill came in around 1:50 a.m. Wednesday . Firefighters working to put out the blaze found four women and one man dead , police said . "  Each victim 's body showed obvious signs of trauma indicating that a homicide investigation is warranted , " police said in a written statement . Authorities did not identify the victims or release further details about their cause of death . Arson investigators were also looking into what caused the fire , police said . More from CNN Justice : Bodies , secrets buried at school Man arrested in plot to blow up NYC Federal Reserve Police : 7 children lived in home strip club CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Denver police ask the public for help in their investigation It appears the bar was set on fire to hide the bodies inside , investigators say "  Each victim 's body showed obvious signs of trauma , " police say Four women and one man were killed
CNN  -- The FBI was expected Thursday to seize the original hard drives from the surveillance system at Lowndes High School , where 17-year-old Kendrick Johnson was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat earlier this year , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation surrounding the hard drives . U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia Michael Moore issued a grand jury subpoena to seize the hard drives , the source said . Kendrick Johnson 's family waited months for hundreds of hours of surveillance video , hoping it would yield answers about their son 's January death , but they were disappointed to learn that the four cameras inside the Valdosta , Georgia , gymnasium showed only a few collective seconds of Johnson , jogging . The camera fixed on the gym mats was blurry . The Johnsons ' attorneys were not shy in stating their suspicion that someone could have tampered with the videos . Attorney Chevene King has questioned why time codes were n't shown in the videos . "  We do n't have any time code with which to synchronize the events that are shown in the video . ... Either the cameras did this on their own or a human being interacted to make these cameras do these things , " King said . Lowndes County Schools insisted last month that the video it provided to the family and CNN is "  a raw feed with no edits , " and the county sheriff 's office , which asserts Johnson accidentally died while reaching for a shoe in one of the mats , says it did n't edit any files , according to their lawyers . CNN , which filed suit to secure access to the video , hired forensic video analyst Grant Fredericks to analyze more than 290 hours of material from all 35 cameras inside and outside of the gym . Fredericks is a U.S. Justice Department consultant and contract instructor for the FBI National Academy in Quantico , Virginia . Kendrick Johnson 's family holds rally after filing complaint about missing organs CNN also provided Fredericks and his company , the Spokane , Washington-based Forensic Video Solutions , with hundreds more hours of video from 31 cameras in other parts of Lowndes High School . Fredericks quickly knocked down most of the Johnsons ' concerns -- they 're all easily explained , he said -- but his examination raised what could be another mystery : at least an hour of missing video from all four cameras inside the gym . Fredericks told CNN he found that "  highly suspicious , " especially considering how the material was acquired by police . CNN has requested access to the original surveillance servers , which has not yet been granted . But Fredericks cautioned that the video could be gone , as newer surveillance would replace it if it was n't recovered promptly from the school 's digital video recorder . The files given to him by CNN are not original , Fredericks has said . "  They 're not something investigators should rely on for the truth of the video . " The analyst added : "  The investigator 's responsibility is to acquire the entire digital video recording system and have their staff define what they want to obtain . " Coroner slams handling of Kendrick Johnson case Authorities have said they did n't receive a copy of the videos until several days after Johnson 's body was found , according to an unredacted report obtained by CNN after a legal process . According to an incident report from the sheriff 's office , a detective watched a portion of the video , then asked an information technology officer employed by the school board to produce a "  copy of the surveillance video for the entire wing of the school with the old gym for the last 48 hours . " Five days later , the sheriff 's report says , the IT officer delivered a hard drive to the detective , who verified it contained what he requested . "  Right now , what they 've done , is they 've left it up to the school district as to what it is they want to provide to the police , and I think that probably is a mistake , " Fredericks said . "  You do n't want somebody who might be party to the responsibility to make the decision as to what they provide the police . " Jacquelyn Johnson , Kendrick Johnson 's mother , said of the case , "  We 're going to fight until it 's all over , until we get the truth . " Federal prosecutor will look into Kendrick Johnson case CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report , which was written by Eliott C. McLaughlin .	Source : U.S. attorney issued grand jury subpoena for school hard drives Kendrick Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up gym mat in January Previously released video was missing footage from high school gym Forensic video analyst : Hard drives may have been overwritten by now
CNN  -- The trailer for 2015 's "  Cinderella " does n't feature any singing mice , but it 's magical all the same . Disney has released its first look at next year 's live-action re-telling of "  Cinderella , " which stars Lily James , of "  Downton Abbey , " as the unfairly treated princess-to-be . This version keeps all the memorable moments of Cinderella 's story intact -- she 's still left at the mercy of a vindictive stepmother , and still has to bail from that royal ball by the stroke of midnight -- but it also fills in some of the gaps in our understanding of how Cinderella came to be . Instead of picking up with Cinderella already slaving away , we get to meet her parents , as played by Hayley Atwell and Ben Chaplin , and we learn that the moniker "  Cinderella " is a cruel twist on her name , Ella . This time around , Cinderella meets her Prince Charming  Richard Madden  in the woods before encountering him again at his royal soiree . And while her Fairy Godmother  Helena Bonham-Carter  still drums up a pair of glass slippers faster than you can say "  Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo , " we 're now assured that the shoes are far more comfortable than they look . The new "  Cinderella " arrives close to the 65th anniversary of Walt Disney 's classic animated version . That "  Cinderella " first opened in the United States on February 15 , 1950 , after spending six years in development . The result proved so popular that Disney offered occasional re-releases of the film , not to mention that the fairy tale has spawned a near sub-genre of Cinderella-inspired movies .  Hilary Duff 's "  A Cinderella Story , " anyone ? The latest "  Cinderella " will arrive in theaters on March 13 , 2015 .	Disney 's new live-action "  Cinderella " has been unveiled The movie arrives close to the 65th anniversary of the 1950 animated version In the new telling , Lily James stars as the soon-to-be princess
Pensacola , Florida  CNN  -- As the "  H2O Below " charter boat leaves the dock and heads into Pensacola Bay , it is chock full of divers . But there 's not a single paying client aboard . The boat is carrying a team of local dive industry professionals -- along with an underwater cameraman -- who arranged Wednesday 's trip to show that the Gulf oil spill has not affected the prized dive site , the USS Oriskany . "  We 're going to go out look at the ship , assess the marine life on it and find that there 's no oil anywhere around , " said Jim Phillips , who owns a dive shop in the area . Aside from its beautiful white sand beaches , Pensacola is home to the only aircraft carrier that has been turned into an artificial reef . Divers travel from all over the world to see the USS Oriskany not just because it 's the world 's largest manmade reef . The "  Great Carrier Reef " as it is sometimes called is also an important piece of history . "  It has a long history in the Korean War -LSB- and -RSB- it was also the last piece of American soil that -LSB- U.S. Senator -RSB- John McCain saw before he was shot down , " said Douglas Hammock , the owner and captain of H2O . McCain 's aircraft flew off of the Oriskany in 1967 before it was shot down during a bombing mission over Hanoi , Vietnam . McCain was held as a prisoner of war until 1973 . A year before McCain 's mission , the USS Oriskany suffered an onboard fire that killed 44 sailors -- one of the worst fires to engulf a ship since World War II . In 2006 , the ship was purposely sunk in an upright position to create the reef , which has attracted nearly 40 different species of fish . The $ 20 million project was intended not only to serve as a habitat for marine life , but also to boost tourism in the Pensacola region . Now , the historical dive site is threatened by the leaking oil rig more than 100 miles away that continues to spew an estimated 210,000 gallons  5,000 barrels  of crude into the Gulf every day . Phillips said he 's been assuring his customers that , as of now , there is no need to cancel their scheduled dive trips to the USS Oriskany , which is about an hour-long boat ride from the shore . "  The marine life in our area I 'll put it up against anywhere in the world as far as the quantity and quality and variety , " says Phillips . As of Wednesday afternoon , the oil spill was stretched from the northeast side of the Mississippi Delta to about 60 miles off Pensacola , Florida , according to Charlie Henry of the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration . Phillips said some of his clients have cancelled their dive trips , but most people are just calling and asking about the water conditions . So the Pensacola team plans to post video of Wednesday 's dive on the Internet to show people that the oil spill has not impacted this Gulf Coast community . Not yet anyway . No oil was expected to impact the shores of Pensacola beach and beyond through the weekend , Escambia County 's disaster response team said Thursday . Wednesday was a perfect day for filming an underwater dive . The Gulf of Mexico looked like a lake , the sun was bright and marine life could be seen as the boat made its way to the dive site . Sea turtles were sunning themselves on the water 's surface . A few dolphins jumped in and out of the water . In the air , the U.S. Navy 's Blue Angels team flew across the clear blue sky . As the boat anchored at the USS Oriskany site , Hammock calmly waited for the news from the divers . He had calculated that the oil was still about 90 miles away . Share your stories from after the oil spill About a half hour after entering the water , the divers emerged . "  How was it ? " Hammock asked . They all had similar answers . The divers say the marine life looked amazing . There were all types of tropical fish on the wreck , as well as the resident octopus , a lot of barracudas , and a sea turtle . Even better news : there were no signs of oil . Hammock is encouraged by the news , but repeated the words of so many business owners on the Gulf Coast . "  This oil will be devastating to us , " he said . "  If this oil shows up here it will definitely shut down a big industry in the panhandle . "	Local divers assessing the waters off Pensacola , Florida for oil Pensacola Bay is home to the world 's largest manmade reef , a major diving spot Oil spill is still approximately 60 miles from Pensacola 's shore ` If this oil shows up here it will definitely shut down a big industry in the panhandle , ' says Captain Douglas Hammock
CNN  -- The Amateur Athletic Union kick-started a child sex abuse criminal probe against its former president when it gave Memphis , Tennessee , police the identities of three of his accusers , a spokesman for the group said Sunday . Ron Sachs spoke with CNN hours after ESPN aired , on its show "  Outside the Lines , " interviews with two men who accused Robert "  Bobby " Dodd of abusing them in the 1980s , when he was their coach at a YMCA program in the southwest Tennessee city . According to Sachs , the Memphis police had "  no reports from anybody " about Dodd until the Amateur Athletic Union -- also known as the AAU -- gave them the results of their own , nearly month-long investigation last Thursday . The group previously claimed that it alerted authorities last Friday . This included revealing the identity of a "  potential third complaining victim " who was not brought up in the ESPN report , the spokesman said . "  Only the AAU 's contact with the Memphis police triggered what we believe is now a legitimate law enforcement investigation , " said Sachs . In the ESPN report , Dodd 's accusers claim he sexually abused them in hotel rooms during tournaments when they were 12 to 16 years old . CNN could not reach Dodd , 63 , who was dismissed from the AAU on November 14 , for comment . ESPN said it also had been unable to reach him . Dodd is distinct from the legendary , late former Georgia Tech football coach who had the same name . Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong has said that his department is probing the claims . "  Although this case has its challenges due to the amount of time that has passed , it will be thoroughly examined , " Armstrong said . "  And if the investigation reveals the law was violated , the person responsible will be held accountable . " The allegations were made amid child sex scandals at Penn State and Syracuse universities and The Citadel ; both men accusing Dodd told ESPN that the publicity from the scandals prompted them to act . Penn State 's Paterno breaks pelvis in fall Detailing its involvement , Sachs said the AAU stands by its response -- including its decision to oust Dodd , hire an investigator and then contact authorities . "  These  AAU  folks dealt with these allegations -- as brief as they were , as anonymous as they were , as salacious as they were , but lacking any specificity , " Sachs said . The AAU got "  cryptic , brief " e-mails -- signed only as "  shrimp breath " -- on November 7 , 8 and 9 -- that "  alleged , in a very general way , that Bobby Dodd engaged in child sexual abuse , " said the spokesman . And on November 9 , the organization got two brief voice-mails along the same lines . There was no name or contact information left in either case . Those messages were sent to the AAU 's compliance and general counsel office , and AAU "  officers " were notified on November 11 . The board members , several of whom flew into Orlando , convened on the following Monday , November 14 , "  to confront then-President Bobby Dodd , " said Sachs . In that meeting , Dodd claimed he 'd gotten similar phone messages and insisted he was innocent , according to the spokesman , who said he 'd spoken with several AAU officers at that meeting . "  Despite those denials , the AAU officers directed that Bobby Dodd leave the premises and leave his position  as president and CEO  for an indefinite period , " said Sachs . Under its acting president , Louis Stout , the AAU hired a private investigator to look into the allegations . Those findings were turned over to police earlier this month . One of Dodd 's accusers , identified by ESPN as Ralph West of Miami , said he was 14 at the time of the alleged abuse . West said he was on a basketball team run by Dodd , who he said would sometimes slip into West 's hotel room . West said he was talking publicly , despite the potential embarrassment to him and his family , not to "  gain anything " but because he felt "  the guy should n't be around kids anymore . " West said Dodd abused him or tried to abuse him six times , including at least once in which he tried "  to put his hand in my boxer shorts " while West was sleeping . Asked how Dodd could have entered the hotel room on that and other occasions , West said , "  He had a key . He always somehow had a key to whatever room I was in . " West said he tried to find ways to keep Dodd out of his hotel room when they were at out-of-town basketball tournaments , saying he was "  afraid to even fall asleep . " "  He would push his way in the room and then end up , I 'd see , I would n't see him , I would hear him , he 'd lay at the floor of the bed masturbating , " the man said . "  And you just lay there horrified . But you do n't know what to do . What , are you going to blow the lid off of this at 14 years ? All you want to do is pretend it did n't happen and not address it at all . You want to hide and bury it . " Another accuser , whom ESPN did not identify , said Dodd gave him alcohol before taking him to a bedroom and touching him inappropriately . "  The last thing that I can really remember was him carrying me into his bedroom and I can remember him , you know , touching me in ways that I , I did n't uh , I did n't want another man touching me , " the man said . That accuser said he called Dodd on November 11 and confronted him . Dodd , he said , then apologized for the alleged abuse . The network said it examined the man 's phone records and verified an eight-minute phone call to Dodd 's number . Both men said they had never reported the alleged incidents to police and had only recently told their families , ESPN said . Sachs criticized the half-hour ESPN report for not quoting Stout 's video statement on the matter or others from the AAU . The organization , which has 80,000 adult volunteers involved in coaching and works with hundreds of thousands of young people , is asking outside experts to review its policies for protecting children , which Sachs called the AAU 's "  No. 1 priority . " The spokesman also clarified that Dodd told his successor , Stout , that he had colon cancer and needed surgery after his November 14 dismissal . Dodd allegedly asked that he be able to retire for medical purposes -- a request that Stout denied , according to Sachs . "  Stout  told Mr. Dodd to go focus on your health , go through this surgery and we 'll deal with this issue later , " said Sachs . Dodd has been back at the AAU 's offices one time since his ouster , contrary to the organization 's earlier reports that he 'd never returned . The occasion was a "  forensic audit " that the spokesman called "  standard " for outgoing leaders of organizations . "  Bobby Dodd is no longer part of the AAU , " said Sachs . "  He has no continuing role  or  involvement in their programs . There 's no contact with him . Whatever compensation he would have been entitled to -- accrued vacation time -- will be paid , and that 's it . " CNN 's Joe Sutton , Meridith Edwards and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	An ex-AAU CEO is accused of sexually abusing boys while he was a YMCA coach The AAU got "  cryptic " messages in November and did its own probe , a spokesman says The group notified Memphis police last week , setting off its investigation , he adds ESPN aired a report Sunday featuring two alleged accusers of Robert "  Bobby " Dodd
Washington  CNN  -- An entire class of statin drugs will get new labels that alert the public to safety concerns , the Food and Drug Administration announced Tuesday . Statins , which treat cholesterol , now will come with labels that include a warning that the drugs , taken by almost 32 million Americans , can cause memory loss and confusion . The FDA says reports in general have not been serious , and the symptoms subsided when patients stopped taking the medications . The new labeling will also warn doctors and patients that statins can cause hyperglycemia , an increase in blood sugar levels and increase the risk of Type 2 diabetes . The FDA will no longer recommend routine and periodic monitoring of liver enzymes of patients taking statins . Instead , it said liver enzyme tests should be performed before a patient starts taking statins , and then only when clinically indicated . That 's because according to the FDA , serious injury to the liver is rare , and routine monitoring does n't detect or prevent it . The new label will tell patients who experience fatigue , loss of appetite , dark urine , upper stomach pain or jaundice to notify their doctor immediately . There also will be a label change specific to lovastatin  Mevacor  . Certain medicines interact with this particular statin , increasing the risk of myopathy , or muscle damage . The agency says some drugs should never be taken with Mevacor including protease inhibitors , a class of HIV drugs and certain drugs used to treat bacterial and fungal infections . "  We want healthcare professionals and patients to have the most current information on the risks of statins , but also to assure them that these medications continue to provide an important health benefit of lowering cholesterol , " said Dr. Mary Parks , in the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . Statins are used to prevent and treat atherosclerosis , the build up of plaque on the inside of blood vessels causing them to become thick and hard . The result can be heart attacks and stroke . Statins help lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol , or "  bad " cholesterol . The products that will have these label changes include Lipitor  atorvastatin  , Mevacor  lovastatin  , Crestor  rosuvastatin  and Zocor  simvastatin  . Labels for combination statin products like Advicor , Simcor and Vytorin will also change . In a statement , Pfizer , maker of Lipitor , one of the top-selling prescription drugs in the world told CNN : "  The announcement today by the FDA provides additional information to physicians and patients regarding statins including Lipitor  atorvastatin calcium  . The class labeling is based on FDA evaluation of all statin labels , entry of new interacting drugs on the market , and a review of clinical data and post marketing reports . Lipitor has been supported by a wealth of clinical research and real-world experience and has been studied in more than 400 ongoing or completed trials , including more than 80,000 patients and is backed by more than 19 years of clinical experience and more than 200 million patient-years of experience . " Amy Egan , deputy director for safety in the FDA 's Division of Metabolism and Endocrinology Products , says the agency looked at the adverse events reported to determine the scope of the problem . They ca n't say what caused the memory loss and confusion , but it seems to be a class effect and a rare event . "  When we looked at these reports they ran the gamut -- memory loss , memory impairment , confusion -- and they were occurring anywhere from one day after initiation of the statin to years after initiation . " Egan said . "  We could not identify if it was age specific because it was across a range of age groups . We did not see it occurring as a drug interaction , where patients were also taking other medications that were reacting with the statin to cause the confusional state . But we really want to get the message out there that we do not consider this a major problem , and certainly it does not outweigh the tremendous benefits of statin therapy . " James Howard , director of the Lipid Clinic at MedStar Washington Hospital Center in Washington , DC , says the new changes are a real step forward . He says the concern over an increased risk of diabetes is valid but not a reason to shun statins . "  The diabetic has a significant increased risk for heart disease , and the most clearly demonstrated therapy that will affect that is to control their cholesterol and their blood pressure , " Howard said . "  Statins are very important in diabetics to reduce their risk of heart attack and stroke . So the benefit they will receive in that reduction in risk far outweighs the risk of developing diabetes . It 's a small risk , but it 's a lot of people . "	Nearly 32 million Americans take statins , a cholesterol drug Labels will warn of hyperglycemia , increased blood sugar , risk of Type 2 diabetes The drugs may also cause memory loss and confusion
A Las Vegas couple who gunned down two police officers and a civilian before killing themselves apparently looked at law enforcement as oppressors , a sheriff 's department official said Monday . Among the clues : a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a Nazi swastika the couple placed on one of the police officers they ambushed Sunday at a pizza restaurant . They pinned onto the other officer 's body a note saying something to the effect of "  this is the beginning of the revolution , " Second Assistant Sheriff Kevin McMahill told reporters . "  We do n't necessarily believe that they are white supremacists or associated with the Nazi movement . We believe that they equate government and law enforcement ... with Nazis , " McMahill said . "  In other words , they believe that law enforcement is the oppressor . " Police said Monday that Jerad Miller shot Officer Igor Soldo in the back of the head , then shot fellow Officer Alyn Beck in the neck before Miller 's wife , Amanda , pulled a gun from her purse and also fired on Beck . Who were the victims ? They then ran to a nearby Walmart where they shot and killed a bystander before barricading themselves inside the store during a brief firefight with responding officers . Amanda Miller shot her husband repeatedly as officers closed in on them inside the Walmart , McMahill said . She then turned the gun on herself . Police are still in the early stages of their investigation . At this point though , they believe the couple acted alone and that the officers shot were targeted at random . Investigators searched an apartment late Sunday night that was believed to be where the couple lived . They were going through the couple 's social media postings , McMahill said Monday . Police also recovered hundreds of rounds of ammunition from the couple 's backpacks at Walmart , suggesting they were prepared for a lengthy gunbattle at some point , he added . "  There is no doubt that the suspects have some apparent ideology that 's along the lines of militia and white supremacists , " McMahill said . ` Simply having lunch ' The pair began their attack about 11:20 a.m. Sunday , when they opened fire inside the restaurant where Beck , 41 , and Soldo , 31 , were having lunch . "  I just sat down to have lunch . The officers were sitting in front of me , at the table right next to me , and this man came in out of nowhere , " a dazed Sheree Burns told CNN affiliate KTNV . "  I thought he was going to get a drink , the way he walked up and walked past them . And then he turned around , pulled a gun on his right and shot the bald officer in front of me . " "  What precipitated this event , we do not know , " Sheriff Doug Gillespie said . "  My officers were simply having lunch . " The suspects took the officers ' guns and ammunition , McMahill told reporters . They "  made a statement -- something to the effect of , ` This is a revolution . ' " ` Suicide pact ' As they walked out , they passed Alvaro Lopez . "  They had a backpack , and I saw a gun in their hand , " Lopez told CNN affiliate KLAS . "  He just told me to tell the cops that it was a revolution and that he 'd just killed two cops inside CiCi 's . " The pair ran to Walmart where Jerad Miller fired off one round and told people to get out , McMahill said . A shopper , identified as Joseph Wilcox , told his friend he was going to confront the suspects . "  He was carrying a concealed weapon , and he immediately and heroically moved towards the position of Jerad Miller . Upon completing that action , he did not realize that Amanda Miller was with Jerad Miller , " McMahill told reporters . He continued : "  As soon as he began to confront Jerad Miller with his firearm , Amanda Miller removed her firearm and shot him one time in the ribs area where he immediately collapsed . " Wilcox , 31 , "  died attempting to protect others , " Gillespie said . Shoppers rushed toward the exit . Officers converged and exchanged fire with the couple , holding the Millers to the rear of the store . At one point , Jerad Miller built a defensive position around his wife . She was seated and appeared to be suffering from a gunshot wound , McMahill told reporters . He then laid on his stomach in front of Amanda , who fired several rounds into her husband , killing him . "  At that point , Amanda took her handgun and ended her own life with one gunshot wound to the head , " said McMahill , describing the deaths as the result of a "  suicide pact . " Opinion : Honor my brave friend , a good cop ` See something , say something ' The couple had been staying with Kelley Fielder , who called Amanda Miller her best friend . She said she saw the pair leave the home early Sunday carrying weapons and ammunition . "  I got five deaths on my shoulders . I should have called the cops , " Fielder said , crying . "  I 'm so so so sorry -- to everybody . I 'm sorry . " A woman who says she lived near the couple told CNN affiliate KTNV that the married couple liked to dress up as the villainous "  Batman " characters Joker and Harley Quinn . The neighbor , Krista Koch , told the station the man also sometimes dressed as Slenderman , a fictional horror character that recently surfaced in the stabbing of a 12-year-old girl in Wisconsin . Ghoulish stabbing raises question : Who is Slenderman ? Koch also told the station the couple had told her they were going to carry out an attack , but she thought they were "  crazy , " so she dismissed what they said . McMahill told reporters he 'd heard unconfirmed reports the suspects spoke to a neighbor about the attack before it happened . "  You know we have the ` see something , say something ' campaign , " he said , urging people to call police when something does n't feel right . "  We need to hear about those times when individuals or groups of individuals are talking about going out and committing acts of violence -- whether it 's against the police or anybody else in our community , " McMahill said . "  We need to hear from our citizens . They 're the best eyes and ears that we have out there . " 'Em ptiness in our heart ' Beck and Soldo -- the two officers killed -- were both married with children : Beck left behind a wife and three children ; Soldo , a wife and a baby . A prayer vigil is planned Monday night , KTNV reported . Meanwhile , Las Vegas police will be doubling up in patrol cars for at least the next few days as officers mourn the loss of two colleagues . "  We still have a community to police and we still have a community to protect , " Gillespie said Sunday night . "  We will be out there doing it with our heads held high but with an emptiness in our heart . " Canada shooting : Suspect yelled ` I 'm done ' at time of arrest Authorities : Georgia courthouse attacker prepared to inflict mayhem	"  I should have called the cops , " says a woman who knew the couple The citizen victim was carrying a weapon , said he was going to confront the suspects Couple in shootings put a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and swastika on one officer 's body Jerad Miller and his wife also left note saying "  this is the beginning of the revolution "
Washington  CNN  -- Union leaders , the White House and congressional Democrats have agreed to limit the reach of a tax on high-end health insurance plans that would help pay for a proposed overhaul of the U.S. health care system , union leaders involved in the talks said Thursday . The proposed thresholds for taxing health plans will be raised from $ 23,000 to $ 24,000 for families and from $ 8,500 to $ 8,900 for individuals , AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka told reporters . Dental and vision benefits wo n't be counted toward that amount after 2014 , he said . Health plans covered by union contracts would not be subject to the 40 percent tax until 2018 -- a transition period union leaders said is comparable to those offered to other private insurers . The threshold for taxing other plans will be adjusted by 1 percent above the annual rate of inflation , and plans involving large numbers of women or the elderly will get breaks as well , Trumka said . The changes will reduce the $ 150 billion expected to be raised over 10 years by about $ 60 billion , he said . And union plans would be able to enter the health care exchanges set up under the bill in 2017 , he said . The tax on what have been dubbed "  Cadillac " health care plans is a key feature of the Senate health care bill , but it has drawn opposition from Democrats in the House of Representatives and from unions . President Obama , who has made health care his top priority in Congress , supports the excise tax as a way to contain the rise of health-care costs . Trumka and other top union officials have held a series of talks at the White House for the past three days as congressional negotiators tried to merge the two bills together . He warned earlier this week that congressional Democratic candidates could risk losing labor 's support if the final bill included a tax on high-cost health plans . But he said that despite all-but-total Republican opposition in both houses of Congress , supporters of health care reform stood "  on the threshold of a milestone . " "  We do n't look at this as the end of our fight for real reform , but another step along the way in the quest for real reform , " Trumka said . Labor leaders said the changes they negotiated would help not only union members , who make up about 12 percent of the U.S. work force , but all working families . But Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell , dismissed the plan as "  a sweetheart deal . " "  Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to this bill , " he said . "  Another sweetheart deal is n't going to turn that around . " A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Thursday found much stronger support for the financing plan in the House bill , which would impose a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge on incomes higher than $ 500,000 for individuals or $ 1 million for couples . The survey found 61 percent of the public favors the House provision , while the Senate bill drew 29 percent support . Trumka told reporters that leading Democrats were behind the compromise . But House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said she had not seen anything in writing Thursday evening . Rep. Joe Courtney , D-Connecticut , a leading opponent of the excise tax , said the proposal was more fair than the current Senate bill . "  However , the devil is in the details , and I will reserve judgment on any compromise until I have had the time to review the proposal , " he said in a written statement . Obama did not directly address the plan as he addressed reporters ahead of a House Democratic Caucus meeting Thursday night . But he dared Republicans to run in the November midterm elections on a platform of rolling back "  something that Washington has been talking about since Teddy Roosevelt was president . " "  If Republicans want to campaign against what we 've done by standing up for the status quo and for insurance companies over American families and businesses , that is a fight I want to have . If their best idea is to return to the bad policies and the bad ideas of yesterday , they are going to lose that argument . " Democratic negotiators planned to return to the White House late Thursday . A senior leadership aide said Democratic leaders and White House officials want to send the bulk of the health care package to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office for a cost estimate soon -- even as soon as the end of this week . The aide said the controversial issues of abortion and immigration are not likely to be resolved by then , but because they would have no impact on the cost of the bill , negotiators could work out those details separately . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said negotiators are working to get agreement on the overall health care package by the end of this week . "  That 's been the goal . But it 's a goal , it 's not a deadline , " Hoyer said . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett , Lisa Desjardins and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	AFL-CIO chief says threshold for taxing high-end health insurance plans will rise Dental , vision benefits wo n't be counted toward that amount after 2014 , he says He says $ 150 billion expected to be raised over 10 years to be cut by $ 60 billion Obama challenges Republicans to run in 2010 against changes to health system
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's speech Thursday night was technically a fine speech . It sounded good . It was rhetorically impressive . Its problem -- or perhaps to the President its virtue -- is that very little of it was true . President Obama described what sounded like a reasonable plan to prioritize the deportation of felons , criminals and gang members over the deportation of other people in the United States illegally . "  We 'll prioritize , " he said , "  just like law enforcement does every day . " The whole proposal was entirely within his authority , he argued , because it amounted to a kind of prosecutorial discretion : "  All we 're saying is we 're not going to deport you . " But the policy the White House actually announced , as opposed to the policy the President described in his speech , was not merely a directive to emphasize enforcement against those who have committed crimes , or even a simple pause on deportations for millions of Americans here illegally . The policy the White House actually announced , in a memo from its Office of Legislative Affairs hours before the President 's speech , was a 17-point plan including several new programs without congressional approval , budget appropriation or spending authorization , and many of which the President either did n't mention or which bore only a faint resemblance to what he described in his speech . The President , according to the White House , has directed the Department of Homeland Security to "  create " a "  new deferred action program " that will give millions of people here illegally "  work authorizations " for at least three years . It establishes extensive new criteria by which people can register to be exempt from deportation . DHS will likely have to employ thousands of bureaucrats to process those who "  come forward and register , submit biometric data , pass background checks , pay fees , and show that their child was born before the date of this announcement . " Applicants supposedly will also have to prove they have been in the United States for at least five years and will have to pay taxes . Well , a brand new program that hands out three-year work authorizations and processes more paperwork than many state Departments of Motor Vehicles is not merely saying , as the President put it in his speech , that "  we 're not going to deport you , " and it is certainly not simple "  prioritization " or "  prosecutorial discretion , " as many administration officials have been calling it before and after the announcement . It is new law , created by the executive without constitutional authority . The President said in his speech that the new program will allow people here illegally to "  come out of the shadows and get right with the law . " Meanwhile administration officials explained on the record that he was n't really legalizing anyone , since he could n't technically do that . The President also said in his speech that his actions would offer relief only to people who met certain criteria he described , including having child dependents in the United States . But the actual policy memo makes clear that "  DHS will direct all of its enforcement resources at pursuing " people who are "  national security threats , serious criminals , and recent border crossers . " In other words , there will be one group , estimated at 4 million or so , who are eligible for the new work authorization program . But at the same time , there will be no resources directed at enforcing immigration law against the other 7 million people here illegally as long as they do not fall into a few narrow categories , according to the President 's Office of Legislative Affairs . And indeed , a "  senior administration official " told Roll Call that the administration "  will order immigration agents to prioritize deportations of criminals and recent arrivals  $ " and let people who are not on that priority list go free . " This is not at all the program the President described in his speech . The President assured us his actions "  are not only lawful , they 're the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half century . " Except the primary examples his administration cites are cases of presidents implementing congressionally approved amnesties , narrowly expanding them to include cases Congress did n't anticipate , with no objection from Congress . The President has no such congressional sanction , and his actions are an order of magnitude larger . President Obama said his plan would "  stem the flow of illegal crossings " in the future . Yet every time the government has pledged to stop deporting certain classes of people in the past , there has been a huge surge in the number of illegal border crossings , including most recently the humanitarian crisis of unaccompanied minors on our southern border , which President Obama created with DACA , his last unauthorized executive action on immigration . This was a Gruber speech . It was designed to sound acceptable to the American people , even if it was largely a lie . For those not familiar with Jonathan Gruber , a now infamous co-architect of Obamacare who described how Obamacare was written "  in a tortured way to make sure " the Congressional Budget Office did not "  score the mandate as taxes , " even though the administration knew it was a tax . He described how the administration won support for the tax on "  Cadillac " health plans "  by mislabeling it , calling it a tax on insurance plans rather than a tax on people , when we know it 's a tax on people who hold these insurance plans . " With Obamacare , Gruber concluded , "  the lack of transparency " was "  a huge political advantage " and "  the stupidity of the American voter " was "  really , really critical for the thing to pass . " Listening to a speech in which the President lied about what he was proposing and lied about his authority to implement it , it was hard not to think of the Gruber model -- which is really the Obama model , after all . He said what he needed to say to do what he wants to do . Immigrants will "  get right with the law , " but not be "  legalized , " just as Obamacare 's taxes were n't taxes , until they were taxes before the Supreme Court , but after which they were n't taxes again . Only immigrants who meet certain specific criteria will be eligible for relief , except for the millions of other people he does n't mention for whom he will also stop enforcing the law . In the past few years , the President has described 22 times on video how he does n't have the legal and constitutional authority to take many of the actions he announced Thursday night . "  With respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order , that 's just not the case , because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed , " he said in 2011 . " ... -LSB- W -RSB- e 've got three branches of government . Congress passes the law . The executive branch 's job is to enforce and implement those laws . ... There are enough laws on the books by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as President . " President Obama made a good case back then . It 's a shame he apparently thinks , like Gruber , that Americans are all so stupid we wo n't figure out he 's not telling us the truth today . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich : President Obama not being open about immigration plans Obama speech , intended action on immigration do n't match , Gingrich says Gingrich : Obama immigration plan reminiscent of Obamacare
CNN  -- It 's a stirring sight , and it happens just once a year -- a full field of thoroughbred gray horses thundering down one of Britain 's most famous racecourses in a fiercely-contested handicap event . "  You do n't have to be a racing purist to appreciate the spectacle of 19 gray horses charging down the July Course , " Newmarket 's PR manager Tony Rushmer told CNN . "  There are not many of them , it 's their scarcity that gives them cult appeal . " Once described as "  diseased " and genetically inferior , gray horses have achieved a special place in hearts of racing fans in recent decades -- winning some of the industry 's biggest events . The Newmarket handicap was first run in 2003 and has grown in popularity with both the professional racing fraternity and the general public . The 2012 version was won in fine style this month by Medici Time , ridden by Eddie Ahern , and once again attracted interest over and above the moderate standard of the runners . Tough winners But the enduring appeal and popularity of grays is well known in racing circles . "  It 's a wonderful spectacle with wonderful-looking horses . And it 's very good for racing , " says Tony Carroll , a former jockey who trained last year 's winner Time Medicean -- which this time finished outside the placings . So why are gray horses so popular ? Carroll believes it 's because they are perceived as good bets for punters . "  They 're tough horses and many are winners , " he told CNN . Some of the greatest flat performers in the United States have been grays -- going back to early 1950s with the great Native Dancer , who has sired a line of champions . Brian Zipse , the managing editor of the influential website Horse Racing Nation , said that the legendary colt , who was nicknamed the "  Gray Ghost , " made his reputation as the sport was being shown widely on television for the first time . "  The fact that here was a gray horse that won so often made him even more famous because he stood out , " he told CNN . Native Dancer was named Horse of the Year twice , and other grays to win the award include Spectacular Bid  1980  , Lady 's Secret  1986  and Skip Away  1998  . Rated greatest Zipse has a soft spot for Lady 's Secret , a filly sired by the legendary Secretariat , who is rated by many the greatest racehorse of all time . He was taken by his father to watch the Belmont Stakes in New York in 1973 when Secretariat completed the Triple Crown by adding a devastating 31-length victory to his Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes successes . "  The stand literally shook that day , " Zipse recalled . Lady 's Secret was one of Secretariat 's best offspring -- and as a gray filly she had a double affinity with race followers . "  When a top filly races against colts , it 's similar to how people feel about a gray racing against more common colors , " Zipse said . This year 's gray attraction in the United States has been the striking colt Hansen -- almost white by pigmentation . He failed to live up to the promise shown as the top juvenile in 2011 and was out of the placings at the Kentucky Derby , but has a "  big fan base " according to Zipse . A desert bloom On the other side of the Atlantic , the gray Desert Orchid -- "  Dessie " to his fans -- was one of the most popular horses in the history of the sport . Racing over the national hunt jumps , Desert Orchid won the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 1988 and the King George VI Chase at Kempton Park four times . There is an eye-catching statue in his honor at that track in west London . This year , the gray Neptune Collonges won the Grand National at Aintree , a feat which eluded Dessie , who never ran in the prestigious UK race . Both these great grays stood out even more because , as older horses , their coats had grown even lighter with age . The official definition of a gray is outlined in "  Identification of Horses -- Instructions for Veterinary Surgeons , " a book produced by Weatherbys in conjunction with the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons and British Equine Veterinary Association . All thoroughbreds listed by Weatherbys in the UK have to have their coloring and markings registered by a veterinary surgeon . "  The body coat is a mixture of black and white hairs , with the skin black . With increasing age the coat grows lighter in color , " reads the definition . Nature 's anomaly Official figures confirm that grays are a rarity . Weatherbys ' "  General Stud Book for 2011 " records that 2.8 % of the foal crop in the UK were registered as gray , with bay the most prevalent color at 73.3 % . Chestnut was next at 20.4 % , then brown at 3 % . In genetic terms , to breed a thoroughbred gray one of the parents has to be so colored -- but it was not always a popular combination . Italian Federico Tesio  1869-1954  is renowned as one of the most successful breeders in the history of horse racing . At his Dormello Stud in Novara near Lake Maggiore , Tesio and his wife bred and trained a string of great champions over a half-century period . His books on the subject are still "  must reads " for aspiring thoroughbred breeders , but he insisted gray horses were "  diseased " not just differently colored and his views proved influential . Grays indeed are more likely to develop tumors , known as melanomas , but many are benign . While gray hairs are a sign of aging  as in humans  this is exacerbated for horses as pigment is prevented from reaching the hair . Perhaps because of Tesio 's views , grays were out of vogue and even segregated into gray-only races , not for the positive reasons that prompt the race at Newmarket and others in the United States . The stunning success of Native Dancer and his offspring would have done much to change attitudes and in and era dominated by television , their ability to stand out in a packed field is priceless . "  Fans gravitate to gray horses because they are rare and it 's easy to spot them , " concluded Zipse .	All-gray events proving popular with fans of horse racing Annual handicap race held on the famous July Course at Newmarket Unique appeal of grays put down to their rarity Legendary Native Dancer popularized grays in the United States
EW.com  -- EW has confirmed that "  American Idol " winner Phillip Phillips underwent a six and a half hour surgery yesterday to remove several kidney stones , which TMZ  who first reported the news  says "  were so huge there was no chance he could 've passed them on his own . " Phillips ' longtime kidney issues plagued his run on "  Idol , " causing him excruciating pain and preventing him from participating in various "  Idol " duties , like the weekly Ford music video shoots . "  The surgery went well , " says a source close to the show . "  He 's doing well and looking forward to starting the Idol tour in July . "  The "  Idols Live " tour kicks off July 6 in Detroit . The surgery is the latest beat in a medical drama that 's been brewing for months . In March , Phillips , who suffers a congenital kidney condition , underwent a surgical procedure to have a stent implanted into his kidney to prevent blockage -- thereby assuring he could remain a competing contestant . In April , Phillips ' father , Donnie , told Albany Uncovered that "  contestants are getting very little sleep and it 's starting to take a toll on Phillip , especially when combined with his ongoing kidney stone issues . " Phillips ' mother , Sheryl , went on to request prayers for her son on Facebook : "  I have a special prayer request . Please stop and pray a special prayer for Phillip . He is in a lot of pain and I am sad about it . I just wish he felt good . I love him so much and wish I could be with him . He would appreciate the prayers too ! " Phillips was reportedly scheduled to go under the knife last week , but due to a fever and sinus infection , the surgery had to be delayed .  Geez , the guy just ca n't catch a break health-wise , can he ? Our get-well-soon wishes go out to Phillip ; he 's got a whole lot of fans hoping to hear him sing again soon . See the full story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Phillip Phillips ' longtime kidney issues plagued his run on "  American Idol " He underwent a six and a half hour surgery yesterday to remove several kidney stones "  The surgery went well , " says a source close to the show
Before the mysterious disappearance of one of its passenger jets this month , Malaysia was n't a country used to finding itself dominating headlines around the world . Some of its Southeast Asian neighbors , including Indonesia and the Philippines , have suffered devastating natural disasters in recent years and are all too familiar with the media frenzy that accompanies a major crisis . But Malaysia has largely managed to stay out of the international spotlight since its independence from British colonial rule more than half a century ago . "  It is one of these countries , because of its geography , that does n't have earthquakes , " said Ernest Bower , senior adviser for Southeast Asia studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  It does n't have tsunamis . It has n't been tested with a disaster like this . " The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has thrust the government into the dazzling glare of worldwide attention . And it has n't emerged with very good grades . "  I think on a stress test , they 're failing , " Bower told CNN 's Jake Tapper , pointing to the government 's coordination of different agencies and communication with other countries . China among critics Criticism and complaints have come from other countries involved in the search for the missing plane , including China and Vietnam , and from the relatives of passengers . Malaysian officials have created confusion by issuing contradictory statements on key aspects of the investigation . The majority of the people on board the plane were Chinese , and Beijing has increasingly voiced its displeasure with the search , especially after Malaysia announced over the weekend that evidence suggested the plane had been deliberately flown west into the Indian Ocean , away from its last confirmed location over the South China Sea . "  The new information means the intensive search in the South China Sea for the whole past week was worthless and would never bear fruit , " said a commentary published by China 's state-run news agency Xinhua . "  Even worse , the golden time for saving possible survivors , if any , was generously wasted . " "  It is widely asked why the Malaysian government failed to provide such crucial information as early as possible to avoid futile search by around a dozen countries , " the commentary said . China 's Foreign Ministry urged Malaysia to keep providing more "  thorough and correct information . " Chinese family members of the missing plane 's passengers have been especially vocal , including some who loudly , emotionally demanded answers Wednesday outside the room where Malaysian authorities have been briefing reporters . "  We have been here for 10 days and  gotten  no single piece of information , " one woman who identified herself as the mother of one passengers told a horde of reporters . " ... I just do n't know where the plane has gone to . We are not satisfied with the Malaysian government 's inaction . " Malaysian officials have defended their handling of the crisis , stressing that the situation is unprecedented . "  This is not a normal investigation , " Hishammuddin Hussein , the country 's acting defense and transport minister , said last week . The shock of scrutiny But some analysts say the missteps are symptomatic of a governing elite that 's grown increasingly aloof . "  Although theoretically a democracy with regular , contested elections , Malaysia has been ruled since independence by the same governing coalition that has become known for its lack of transparency and disinterest -- even outright hostility -- toward the press and inquiring citizens , " Joshua Kurlantzick , senior fellow for Southeast Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations , wrote in an article for Bloomberg Businessweek . That resistance to scrutiny has come to haunt Malaysian government officials . "  It 's not surprising . The Malaysian government has been able to live on its own terms for a very , very long time , " said Clive Kessler , a professor at the University of New South Wales in Sydney who specializes in Malaysian studies . The governing Barisan Nasional coalition and its predecessor have been in power for more than five decades . Prime Minister Najib Razak , the son and nephew of former prime ministers , has been in office since 2009 . Najib maintained a conspicuously low profile during the first week of the plane 's disappearance . He appeared before the news media over the weekend to announce that the government believed the plane had flown off course as the result of deliberate actions . But he refused to take questions from journalists . Some critics say that , in this instance , Malaysia ca n't afford to be insular and assume it has all the answers . The scope of this crisis -- and the fact Malaysia does n't have much experience in this regard -- begs for more international outreach , not shutting out others who can help , they say . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel raised the issue of "  transparency " in a phone call Monday night with Hishammuddin , with two U.S. officials saying that Hagel made this point to emphasize the need to share information given the complexity of this investigation and search . "  He was saying the best way to handle this is to continue to be transparent and tell what you know , when you know it , " one official said of Hagel 's intent . Decades of dominance Malaysia is an Islamic state with a Muslim majority . But it 's also a multiethnic country with a wealth of varying opinions , experts say , including from within different ethnic and religious groups . Ethnic Malays enjoy government preferences for positions due to their status as "  sons of the soil , " or Bumiputera , a term that comes from the Sanskrit word "  bhumiputra " -- "  bhumi " can mean land or earth , and "  putra " means son . "  They have historically enjoyed political dominance , " said Donald K. Emmerson , the director of the Southeast Asia Forum at Stanford University . But the governing coalition 's grip on power is n't as strong as it used to be . In elections last year , it failed to secure more than half of the popular vote , its worst ever performance . It kept its majority in parliament in part thanks to voting district boundaries that favored its candidates . The government is finding itself increasingly fragile , analysts say , and the popularity of social media has undermined the clout of state-run news organizations . "  It 's starting to open up , " said Bower . "  Social media has opened it up , a growing middle class has opened it up . " Tensions with opposition Human rights activists say the repeated prosecution of opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim on sodomy charges is evidence of the lengths the Malaysian government will go to in order to sideline its opponents . After being acquitted of the charges in 2012 after a lengthy legal battle , Anwar was found guilty again this month when a court overturned the previous verdict . The decision prevented Anwar from entering the race for important regional elections . "  The trial and conviction of Anwar should be seen for what it is : an underhanded move by the ruling party to tarnish and weaken the political opposition without regard to the harm caused to the nation 's judiciary and democratic process , " said Graeme Reid , director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights Program at Human Rights Watch . The government has repeatedly denied that the case against Anwar is politically motivated . To shore up support , Najib 's government has become increasingly reliant on a populist , religiously conservative approach that caters to ethnic Malays in rural areas , said Kessler , who has studied Malaysian society and culture for about 50 years . The government 's approach has fueled increasing disillusionment among other ethnic groups , notably the Chinese , and urban dwellers , he said . Against that backdrop , dissatisfaction over the handling of the search for the missing plane could be a moment of truth for the government , according to Kessler . "  It may well be that Malaysia will not be the same after this because it has only served to exacerbate all the tensions in Malaysian society between the government and many of the people it rules over , " he said . Flight 370 : Get up to speed on the latest developments Pilot : Was that Boeing 777 diverted deliberately ? Not necessarily Malaysia Flight 370 : The 10 big questions Why are we so gripped by missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Just what is a transponder ?	Passengers ' kin protest , say they are "  not satisfied " with Malaysian response U.S. defense secretary urges Malaysian counterpart to be transparent Malaysian authorities are n't used to heavy media scrutiny , experts say "  I think on a stress test , they 're failing , " an analyst says of Malaysia 's government
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal fired an ominous warning that he is ready to reclaim his French Open crown from Roger Federer after picking up a record-equaling sixth consecutive Monte Carlo Masters title on Sunday . The world No. 3 earned his first tournament success in 11 months as he routed fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco 6-0 6-1 to complete a triumphant return to his favored clay surface . The 23-year-old has had a difficult past year after his shock defeat at the French Open to eventual losing finalist Robin Soderling , with Federer earning his first win at Roland Garros . Nadal needed surgery on his knees after that setback , and his hiatus allowed Federer to take both his Wimbledon title and the No. 1 ranking . The Mallorcan reached the semifinals in his past two tournaments on hardcourts surfaces in the United States , and blitzed his opponents in Monaco as three times he dropped only one game in a match . "  For me , it is very emotional , " Nadal , who equaled the 106-year-old record of six Monte Carlo titles held by Englishman Reggie Doherty , told the ATP Tour Web site . "  It is probably my favorite tournament . I love this tournament . To win here another time is a dream for me . The atmosphere here is unbelievable . I feel like I 'm at home . "  No one match during seven years have I felt the crowd against me . I just can say thank you very much everybody . " Nadal 's only defeat at the tournament was against Guillermo Coria as a 16-year-old in 2003 , and world No. 12 Verdasco never looked like registering his first win over his compatriot in 10 encounters . "  He had an unbelievable day and he played really good . I also did n't maybe have a good day , because I was trying to force and made more mistakes than unusual , " said Verdasco , who was playing in his first Masters 1000 tournament final after thrashing world No. 2 Novak Djokovic 6-2 6-2 on Saturday . Nadal , by comparison , drew level with Federer on 16 Masters titles , behind only the 18 won by American Andre Agassi . He has now won 54 successive matches on clay in the month of April , with six titles in Monte Carlo and five in Barcelona in that time . Federer , who has not played since the Miami Masters last month , is set to make his return to the circuit at the Rome clay event starting on April 25 . Nadal will be top seed at the Barcelona Open starting next week , with the draw also including Sweden 's Soderling , Verdasco , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France and Monte Carlo semifinalist David Ferrer . The French Open , the second grand slam tournament of the tennis season , begins in Paris on May 24 . Meanwhile , Samantha Stosur of Australia won her second title on the women 's WTA Tour circuit on Sunday . The fourth seed , ranked 11th in the world , drubbed Russian No. 7 Vera Zvonareva 6-0 6-3 in the final of the Family Circle Cup on green clay in Charleston , South Carolina . Zvonareva had made it into the title match after world No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki retired with an ankle injury during their semifinal on Saturday .	Rafael Nadal wins a record-equaling sixth consecutive Monte Carlo Masters title World No. 3 matches mark set by Englishman Reggie Doherty early in 20th century Nadal crushes fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco 6-0 6-1 in the final on Sunday Samantha Stosur claims her second WTA Tour title with victory at Family Circle Cup
CNN  -- Malaysia 's opposition leader has urged his supporters to wear black at a rally to be held in the capital Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday to protest Sunday 's vote , which he claims "  was marred with unprecedented election fraud . " "  Our conscience can not allow us to accept election results conjured through frauds and cheating . A fight for clean and fair election remains the single most important fight that any Malaysian should relate to , " Anwar Ibrahim said in a statement released Monday . Prime Minister Najib Razak , the leader of the Barisan Nasional coalition that has ruled for 56 years , took his oath of office on Monday after winning 133 out of 222 parliamentary seats , Malaysia 's national news agency Bernama reported . Anwar 's Pakatan Rakyat coalition won 89 seats , handing Barisan Nasional its worst ever electoral showing . A government spokesperson said on Tuesday that allegations of fraud in the election process were "  unsubstantiated " and the government 's victory was in line with independent polling . "  Anwar claimed the only way he could possibly lose was if there was ` massive fraud ' , " the spokesperson said in a statement . "  This is entirely contrary to pre-election opinion polls , including those by Pew Research and the Merdeka Center , which showed significant support for both the Prime Minister and his ruling party and suggested they were on track for a victory . " The weeks leading up to Sunday 's election saw reports of firebombs , texted death threats and beatings and there were widespread reports that indelible ink used to mark the fingers of advance voters was washing off . Other allegations surfaced on polling day , with Anwar 's party and election observers alleging the government exchanged cash for votes and flew in foreigners to cast their ballots in favor of Barisan Nasional -- a charge denied by the government . "  We were told that 40,000 foreigners were being flown across Malaysia to vote . However , passenger manifests prove that a few hundred Malaysian citizens were flown to their home states , entirely legally , " it said in a statement . Investors reacted favorably to the election outcome , sending Malaysia 's stock index up more than 8 % on Monday and strengthening the currency . Liam Hanlon , senior political analyst at Cascade Asia Advisors , said the government should interpret its reduced margin of victory as a warning from voters that reform is needed . "  The government must heed this warning and understand that it needs to be more forward-looking in order to survive , " he said . "  It would be a shame if the opposition 's strong showing actually propelled the country back into more pronounced race-based policies . " In the 1970s , Malaysia introduced policies that effectively split the country along ethnic lines , giving preferential treatment to the so-called Bumiputera , or ethnic Malays and natives of Sarawak and Sabah . According to the CIA Factbook , just over 50 % of the country is Malay . Chinese make up 23.7 % and Indians 7.1 % . Anwar appealed to voters with a promise to change race-based policies to make them more inclusive and needs-based . James Chin , a professor of political science at the Malaysian campus of Australia 's Monash University , said the results showed that Malaysia 's ethnic Chinese population had voted in a bloc against the government for the first time . He added that some urban Malays had also voted for the opposition . He said that Anwar 's efforts to address election irregularities would depend on whether he drew support from across Malaysia 's multi-ethnic population . "  Elections in Malaysia have never really been free and fair but the big difference this time was for the first time in Malaysian history , the Chinese on both sides of the South China Sea voted together against the government , " he said , referring to Peninsular Malaysia and Malaysian Borneo . "  The key to tomorrow 's attendance is to see if the Malays are willing to come out . If only the Chinese come out it will look like a racial protest . It needs to be a multiracial protest if it 's going to have any effect . "	Malaysia 's opposition leader calls on supporters to attend rally on Wednesday Anwar Ibrahim says Sunday 's poll marred by unprecedented fraud Election was won by ruling coalition , extending its 56 years in power A government spokesperson says allegations of fraud unsubstantiated
CNN  -- When men and women enlist in the military , they take an oath to support and defend the Constitution , including the First Amendment , against all enemies , foreign and domestic , and affirm that they will "  bear true faith and allegiance to the same . " That oath is betrayed by legislation that sneaked through the House of Representatives last week and was signed into law by the president Monday . Known as the "  Sanctity of Eternal Rest for Veterans Act , " it passed as a small piece of an otherwise unexceptional omnibus veterans ' bill . It would broadly expand existing restrictions on political protest on public land near military funerals . Notably , the ACLU of Eastern Missouri is actively litigating against similar state legislation that is far narrower in some respects . Protests can not be held within 300 feet of the cemetery , and the law bans conduct that blocks someone from entering or leaving the cemetery within a 500-foot radius . Protests are prohibited two hours before the funeral through two hours afterward . It similarly expands restrictions on protests at government cemeteries and gives people injured by the protest a right to sue . Although it covers all protests near military funerals , the law is targeted , at the Westboro Baptist Church , and that 's a First Amendment problem in and of itself . Its members believe that the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the attendant casualties , are divine punishment for America 's acceptance of lesbian and gay rights . They protest outside military funerals to publicize their beliefs -- holding signs that say "  Pray for More Dead Soldiers " and "  God Killed Your Sons " -- but do not cause any disruption of the funeral proper . Now , as repellent as these protests are , they are a permissible exercise of the freedom of speech . If the First Amendment means anything , it 's that the government can not target a group for censorship because it disagrees with the group 's message . This legislation does exactly that . Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , introduced the bill a month after the Supreme Court ruled in Snyder v. Phelps that , as lawful speech on a public issue , Westboro Baptist Church protests warranted the highest protection of the First Amendment against state tort claims . But the imprudence of this legislation goes further . Part of the public reaction to Westboro Baptist protests , as happens with much unpopular political speech , are counterprotests . Those would likely be barred as well by the expanded law , under its "  tendency to disrupt " language . If the counterprotests are immune from the law 's reach because the government agrees with their message , the law will be doubly unconstitutional . The issues raised by this new law are a lot like those in the dust-up after Chick-fil-A CEO Dan Cathy spoke out against same-sex marriage . I agree that Chick-fil-A should n't be celebrated as some sort of free speech hero , and if you choose not to indulge in a Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich in protest of intolerance , more power to you . But I 'm more concerned by the suggestion of a Chicago alderman that he would go so far as to block a local Chick-fil-A franchise 's building permit simply because of Cathy 's views , rather than any discriminatory policy of the chain . In some ways , a willingness to ignore the law to shut down someone with whom you simply disagree is worse than Cathy spouting off against marriage equality . Part of living in America means putting up with words with which you not only disagree but that offend deeply . This is especially true when , as in the Westboro Baptist Church case , the words actually carry a political message . The expansiveness of the new law violates this core principle . It is n't about protecting the solemnity of a soldier 's funeral ; that 's already fully protected under existing trespass , private property and disorderly conduct laws . It 's about censoring unpopular speech . That is inconsistent with the law , the Constitution and the military 's oath to the Constitution . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gabe Rottman .	A new law expands limits on political protest on public land near military funerals Gabe Rottman : Bill targets Westboro Baptist Church , which rallies at military funerals WBC 's claim that troops die as divine retribution is protected by First Amendment , he says Rottman : All political speech , even if it 's unpopular or hateful , must be protected under law
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee  IOC  suspended Ghana on Wednesday in a move which could prevent the west-African country from competing in the 2012 London Games . The IOC cited "  political interference " from the Ghanaian government as the reason behind the National Olympic Committee  NOC  of Ghana 's expulsion . "  The IOC has deployed every possible effort in order to help resolve the situation that the NOC of Ghana has been facing for 18 months and find a long-term solution with all parties concerned , " read an IOC press release . The statement went on to claim that an "  obvious lack of cooperation of the government authorities in Ghana and a lack of respect of the Ghana public authorities " led to the nation 's ban . Jacques Rogge , president of the IOC , claimed Ghana 's suspension was as a result of the county 's sports laws , which "  do not respect the provisions of the Olympic charter . " "  There have been many promises that the law would be changed but nothing materialized , " Rogge told reporters at the organization 's headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland . As a result of the IOC 's decision , Ghana will also lose its Olympic funding . Ghana have won four medals at previous summer games , with Clement Quartey their most successful medalist after he claimed a silver in the men 's light welterweight boxing division at the 1960 Rome Games . Eddie Blay claimed a bronze medal for the country in the same discipline four years later in Tokyo , while Prince Amartey also achieved a bronze medal in the middleweight division at the 1972 Munich Games . Ghana 's last Olympic medal was in 1992 , when their men 's football team came third in Barcelona .	The International Olympic Committee have moved to suspend Ghana "  Political interference " has been cited as the reason behind the decision The west-African country will now lose its Olympic funding
Dili , East Timor  CNN  Stacey Addison , who says she was detained for months in East Timor because she unwittingly shared a taxi with a stranger carrying methamphetamine , is headed home . Addison boarded a plane Tuesday on the first leg of her journey back to Oregon . "  I am thrilled to report that Dr. Stacey Addison has gotten her passport back , and is now on a plane returning home here to Oregon , " Sen. Jeff Merkley  D-Oregon  said . "  This is terrific news for Stacey , for her family , and for all the Oregonians who have followed Stacey 's story and helped support her from afar , " Merkley said in a statement . Addison , 41 , was detained in September in the small Southeast Asian nation in a drug case in which she says she 's innocent . She was released in December but she still could n't leave because her passport -- seized during the investigation -- had not been returned . Former East Timorese President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Jose Ramos-Horta , hosted her temporarily at his home . Addison 's arrest in September was an unexpected bump in what had been a multi-year trip around the world . She said she had been traveling solo since January 2013 , having quit her job as a veterinarian to explore the globe . On September 5 , she was sharing a cab from near the Indonesian border to the East Timor capital of Dili . On the way , a fellow passenger asked to stop to pick up a package at a DHL office , her mother , Bernadette Kero of Oregon , has told CNN . After the man picked up the package , police surrounded the car and arrested the occupants , according to Kero . The package was found to contain methamphetamine , Addison has said . She initially was held for four nights , and a judge released her -- but prevented her from leaving the country while the case was still being investigated -- after the man testified that he did n't know her , Kero said . In late October , during a court appearance where she thought she 'd retrieve her passport , a judge ordered her arrest again and sent her to Gleno prison outside Dili . Paul Remedios , a lawyer representing Addison , said at the time that the court detained her again because there was a warrant for her arrest , and that the reason for the warrant was unclear . Kero told CNN in November that the case was a "  nightmare . " Journalist Wayne Lovell in Dili and CNN 's Greg Morrison from Atlanta . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia in New York and Jason Hanna in Atlanta also contributed .	Stacey Addison was detained by police in September during a taxi journey She says another passenger in the cab picked up a package containing drugs Addison was on a nearly two-year trip around the world
CNN  -- Half of the firefighters on duty in San Francisco on Tuesday night were battling a blaze at a construction site that is threatening nearby buildings , authorities said . Officials evacuated "  several hundred " residents who live across the street from the blaze , said Mindy Talmadge of the San Francisco Fire Department . "  The buildings across the street that are inhabited were evacuated , " Talmadge said . "  The heat from the fire was making the windows pop and firefighters had to put up a water curtain to protect the buildings . " The construction site and the scaffolding around it have collapsed into the site , she said . Authorities said the entire structure will likely collapse due to a combination of water used on the blaze and damage . Mayor Edwin M. Lee said an investigation is under way to determine the cause . "  The city and the Red Cross will work closely with any displaced residents of nearby homes , " Lee said . "  Thanks to the leadership and determined action of our Fire Department , the very real potential of severe damage to other homes , businesses and structures in the neighborhood was avoided . " At least 150 firefighters are involved in the blaze at Mission Bay neighborhood . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	At least 150 firefighters are involved in the blaze at Mission Bay neighborhood The entire structure will likely collapse due to water and damage Residents who live across the street from the blaze evacuated
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Enya is an anomaly . Think about it : How many recording artists have enjoyed 20 years of success while never having toured ? Enya sets her own pace when making albums . "  And Winter Came " is her first CD in three years . "  The fans are very , very loyal , " says the Irish chanteuse . "  They 're always saying , ` When is the next album ? ' They know when I finish in the studio it 's got to be a few years before the next album . " Perhaps it 's the vast gaps between releases that help make Enya , 47 , the Emerald Isle 's second-biggest-selling artist of all time  after U2  . Thanks to a stipulation in her recording contract , the Grammy winner has the luxury of setting her own pace with each project , another rarity in the music business . She 'll devote two to three years to each album , flitting between her Dublin castle and the studio , where she works tirelessly to perfect every celestial chord and layer harmony upon harmony . "  I always felt that the music sells by itself , " she says . "  The music has always been the successful aspect on my career and that means that , to me , I can always still stay very focused on music . " Watch Enya revel in harmony " Her latest album -- the seventh of her career -- celebrates both the drama and quiet contemplation that come with the winter season . Called "  And Winter Came , " the release has reached the top 10 on album charts across Europe and in the U.S. since its November release . And while Enya wo n't commit to the idea of taking her tunes on the road , she does hint at the possibility . "  To actually tour with the songs would be wonderful . It would be very much on a large scale : the orchestra , the choir . There 'd be a lot of rehearsals , but it 'd be very exciting , " she says . Enya spoke to CNN about how her music is like an onion  think layers , not tears  , keeping a low profile , and marking the 20-year anniversary of "  Watermark , " her breakout album . CNN : What does wintertime mean to you ? Enya : Wintertime for me is a time when I do a lot of my writing in the studio . It 's a time I enjoy . And it 's very reflective and a very calming time of the year . Throughout the year I gather a lot of musical inspirations and this is where I bring them to the studio and see what will evolve musically . CNN : You set out to make a Christmas album . How did the project evolve ? Enya : I 've always wanted to put together a Christmas album . So I was writing some Christmas carols and what happened was some of the songs started to veer more into winter themes . And when I discussed it with -LSB- producer and lyricist -RSB- Nicky and Roma -LSB- Ryan -RSB- , they felt , well , within winter is the celebration of Christmas , so let 's infuse the two themes together . CNN : A lot of people think of Enya as a soloist , but really you 're kind of a trio , are n't you ? Enya : I work with two other people , the producer Nicky Ryan and Roma Ryan , the lyricist . The way I work with Nicky and Roma is firstly I do the writing of the melodies in the songs , and that 's kind of the solitude moment for me in the studio , which I enjoy very much . When I have the melody -- the idea of the melody -- I play that to Nicky and Roma . ... I get to see their reaction immediately . Is this a song for the album ? And I can see from their reaction -- "  Yes , this is going to work , " or perhaps it 's not . There are a lot of ideas that Nicky had wanted to experiment with . When I met with him first he had this idea of using a voice -- one voice -- as an instrument to layer many times and he knew my love of harmonies . Some people who hear the songs think that we have a set routine , a set formula we work with . It is n't , ... because each song is very different , and it 's very spontaneous on my part . CNN : About the layering of your voice ... at any given time how many Enyas might we be listening to ? Enya : I do n't count ! It 's a very spontaneous moment on my behalf . I will listen back to the last harmony I 've sung , and then I 'll sort of try to enhance that harmony . Then Nicky will decide if he 'll record my voice 20 times or 30 times -LSB- for -RSB- that one part . CNN : I read that you might -LSB- record -RSB- as many as 80 vocal tracks . Is that a reasonable number ? And then I read 500 . That 's got to be ridiculous ! Enya : Yes , it can be , but you have to remember that -LSB- if -RSB- it 's 500 vocals I would n't have sung them at the same time . We 're talking about over two years that we keep going back to arrange vocal parts on these songs . It 's a very slow process . CNN : It 's hard to believe that it was about 20 years ago that you made "  Watermark . " Do you ever go back and listen to that record ? Enya : Well , with the anniversary , yes , I 've been listening to "  Watermark . " It 's kind of like a journal for me . It takes you back to that time in your life . Each song has its own little story and I can hear the life of that song . You know how it was written , what inspired me , what worked , what did n't work . But the nice thing about spending two to three years on an album is I can say there 's nothing I would change on any of the albums . CNN : You 've said that you change the formula a little with each album , but to an untrained ear your music has sort of stayed the same throughout your career . Are you a believer in the saying "  If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " ? Enya : Musically it has to be something that I 'm comfortable to perform . Would we ever hear Enya with a guitar solo ? I say , "  Never say never . " And there 's a guitar solo on "  My ! My ! Time Flies . " This happened because it suited the song . It 's always got to sound like me because it 's my voice and there 's always this little sense of melancholy that is inherent in my melodies . I think that 's because of my Irish culture . CNN : Your manager has suggested that one of the secrets to your success is that you keep a fairly low profile . Do you agree ? Enya : It 's very easy for me to keep a low profile because the focus I feel is always on the music . Success and fame are two different things . And so I feel the success is always towards the music , which means that I can have a very normal and private lifestyle .	Enya 's new album is "  And Winter Came " Irish singing star keeps a low profile , works on albums for years Enya 's voice may be overdubbed hundreds of times for each album
CNN  -- Patience , it is said , is a virtue . If that 's the case , then the scientists involved in the European Space Agency 's Rosetta mission have been very virtuous indeed . After all , the men and women involved in the project have waited most of their scientific careers -- through years of planning and construction , not to mention the 10-year journey of the Rosetta spacecraft -- to see the Philae lander land on Comet 67P Churyumov Gerasimenko . And now they can enjoy the fruits of this amazing adventure , which has landed  albeit a little bumpily  and has been returning data . Rosetta was an enormously ambitious and technically risky project . However , overall , it has been a great success so far , with a number of "  firsts " for ESA that have not been achieved by any other space agency -- it has chased a comet across the solar system , rendezvoused and then achieved orbit . Landing a probe on the surface like this has been a huge challenge : working in a low gravity environment with poor knowledge of the nature of the comet surface . It was unclear even if it would it be a solid body or a loose collection of material . And there are plenty more challenges ahead . For a start , although data has been collected from the orbiter since August , and the first images are now being received from the lander , it will take many more months and possibly years for Rosetta to realize its full scientific legacy . However , even as the initial excitement over the technical success fades , we will gradually begin to understand the building blocks of the solar system . It is this reality that really speaks to the value of such a project . Comets are pristine material largely unchanged since the planetary system was formed . It is thought that they may be the origin of most of the water found on Earth , and could even have brought complex organic molecules -- the potential raw material for the emergence of life -- to its surface . Just as the Rosetta Stone was the key to unlocking the secrets of Egyptian writing , so the Rosetta space mission will answer some of the fundamental questions about our origins . This potential is being unlocked not by a single-nation space agency , but one that is a collaboration of 20 countries , including European Union , non-EU and several former Soviet Union countries . Yet while it has just celebrated its 50th birthday , the ESA has often operated in the shadow of NASA . For example , the media frequently talk about NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , with little or no acknowledgment of the partnership with ESA .  From a European perspective , it has therefore been particularly welcome to hear the generous acknowledgment of the Rosetta achievements by NASA leaders  . All this means that while ESA has had significant successes in the past , the extent of the Rosetta 's success represents a timely "  coming of age . " And , in a world that often seems to be mired in conflict , Rosetta is not just a technical and scientific success , but also a political one . Space research is one of the best examples of peaceful international cooperation and of the ability of humans to do marvelous things when they work together towards a common goal . I am not the only one to have worked on several successful space projects during my career , and to have made many friends around the world as a consequence , often in countries that would have once been regarded as political rivals  or even some that still are  . China , a major space power in its own right , is a great example of this -- the ESA and China are currently planning a first joint space science mission as the basis for future collaborations . And this might be the biggest lesson that we can learn from Rosetta -- that as future plans for space research and exploration missions inevitably become more ambitious  and more expensive  , the need for agencies to work closely together will increase . If they are smart and forward thinking , then politicians and governments will do what they can to enable this , because if they are successful , we might finally realize the goal of so many of us in the field of achieving truly global cooperation in space , cooperation that will benefit all of humanity .	Rosetta space mission a huge success : Martin Barstow Project was enormously ambitious and technically risky : Barstow Mission shows benefit of agencies collaborating , he says
CNN  Sarah Koenig gave a talk about journalism followed by a Q&A discussion at Penn State University on Jan. 27 . Schwab Auditorium was so packed the crowd was standing room only to see the Serial host speak . Onward State reports that during the lecture , Koenig recreated the third episode of Serial , called "  Leakin Park , " explaining how she researched for the episode and relied heavily on a public police report . The host also stressed the importance of fact-checking and reiterated that for her , the podcast was never about entertainment . "  I never meant to create a fever , " said Koenig , according to Centre Daily . "  It 's hard for me to answer why -LSB- it went viral . -RSB- I did n't know if it was even going to work . People just like a good crime story ; they want to know who did it . " Koenig addressed season two of the popular podcast , but , unfortunately for Serial addicts , the news does n't make it seem like we are getting a new story any time soon . When asked what she had planned for the next season , WPSU reports Koenig responded : "  Like if any of you has a story , there 's an email . No , I mean -- we do not have a story . " Here 's a look at the crowd that came out to watch Koenig speak :	The "  Serial " creator spoke at Penn State this week It was standing room only Fans will have a wait for season two
CNN  -- Five occupants of a church van were killed when it crashed Monday morning in Vandalia , Illinois , according to Deputy Shawn Carter with the Fayette County Sheriff 's Office . According to a preliminary report from the Illinois State Police , the 15-passenger van was headed east on Interstate 70 when it veered off the roadway and flipped several times . Several occupants were ejected from the van . There were 11 men in the one-vehicle crash . The other six passengers were transported to hospitals . Their conditions are unknown . Why the van left the highway is still under investigation , the state police said . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report	Church van was headed east on I-70 when it went off the roadway It flipped multiple times and several men were thrown from the vehicle Five people were killed , the other six were injured
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea 's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors . Heather Cho , who resigned from her post last week , may be in violation of aviation safety laws , the ministry said , after she ordered the Seoul-bound plane to turn back to the gate and that a flight attendant be removed all because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate in first class . Testimonies of crew members and passengers confirm that Cho used "  violent language in a loud voice , " which may not be compliant with an aviation safety law that requires cooperation of passengers on a flight , the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport said in a press release . Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service , she was only a passenger on the flight and was not flying in an official capacity . Cho , whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah , will report to the prosecutor 's office on Wednesday , as part of an ongoing investigation . The airline also faces possible disciplinary action from the government because of the captain 's failure to command and supervise crew members to ensure the safe operation of the flight , said the ministry . Calling it quits Cho resigned last week from the airline 's catering and in-flight sales business , and from its cabin service and hotel business divisions , Korean Air said . But the 40-year-old kept her title as a vice president of the national carrier , according to company spokesman . The company chairman , Cho Yang-ho , who is also her father , publicly apologized for the incident , saying that she will resign from the vice president job and positions held in affiliate companies . Public outcry The incident , which took place last week at New York 's JFK airport , stirred anger among the South Korean public . "  She was one of the passengers , not the vice president of Korean Air at that moment . I 'm not sure what she was thinking , but it 's likely she was bossy and acted above her position , " Baek Ki-Jong , a South Korean resident , told CNN . "  It was an abuse of power , and a wrong action to take , " he said . Angered Internet users have condemned Cho for bringing about international embarrassment and shame to the country . They are calling for Korean Air to change its name to Hanjin Airlines in a petition on Agora , a popular Korean online discussion forum . Korean Air is owned by South Korea 's large family-owned corporations , known as Hanjin . "  Hanjin Group 's ` Korean Air ' is no longer a national company . They should not use ` Korea ' in the name . As a citizen of Korea , I can not allow the word Korea to be used , " commented "  Acorn " , one user on the site . Despite the public outrage , the scandal has triggered an unexpected boon for some of Korea 's online retailers . Booming sales Sales for macadamia nuts have surged 20-fold over the past week on Gmarket , Korea 's most popular online shopping site which is owned by eBay , said Lee , a company spokesperson who declined to give his full name . The round , white nuts have become the top two best sellers on another Korean online retailer , Coupang . One brand , Mauna Loa , sold out earlier but is now back in stock . Some Coupang users left comments on the site demanded that the nuts they ordered to be shipped and delivered on a plate , and not in a bag . READ MORE : The most annoying type of airline passenger is ...	Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action South Korea 's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors . Heather Cho , who resigned from her post last week , will report to the prosecutor 's office on Wednesday Sales of macadamia nuts have boomed unexpectedly despite scandal
CNN  -- A 16-year-old Connecticut high school student suspected in the slashing death of a classmate was charged with murder as an adult Tuesday . The victim , Maren Sanchez , 16 , who was described by her family as "  a bright light full of hopes and dreams , " died Friday after being slashed in a school stairwell , authorities said . She was cut in her neck , chest and face . Though the motive remains under investigation , police were looking into whether the boy was angry after Sanchez rejected him as a prom date . The suspect , Christopher Plaskon , was taken into custody Friday by a school police officer in the principal 's office . His clothing and hands were bloodied . "  I did it , " Plaskon allegedly told the officer , according to a probable cause statement filed with a Milford court Tuesday . "  Just arrest me . " The Jonathan Law High School student , who remains under emergency commitment at a medical facility , was ordered held on $ 3 million bond . During a special court session convened at the medical facility , Plaskon 's lawyer , Richard Meehan , Jr. , said his client had been advised of his rights and told that he was being charged with murder as an adult . He faces 25 to 60 years in prison if convicted . Meehan said in a statement that Plaskon "  is in need of continued psychiatric care and medication and should be housed in an age-appropriate correctional center when he is released from the emergency commitment . " Plaskon is to be formally arraigned Friday , provided he is released from the emergency psychiatric hold . In a statement Tuesday , Plaskon 's family said words could not convey "  the raw sadness we are left with by this unimaginable tragedy . Our hearts are forever broken . " The statement continued : "  To the Sanchez family , our deepest sympathies . Please know that you are now , and forever , in our hearts , our thoughts and our prayers . We join with the entire Milford community to celebrate the life and mourn the loss of this most vibrant and exceptional young woman . To our extended family , friends and neighbors and all who have reached out to us in our darkest hour with warmth , kindness , understanding and compassion , you can not know how much it has meant to us . Thank you . " The fatal slashing occurred about 7 a.m. Friday in a school stairwell . A witness saw Plaskon on top of the victim and tried unsuccessfully to pull him away , according to the probable cause statement . Another witness allegedly saw him discarding a bloody knife in a school corridor . Sanchez , a junior , suffered "  multiple lacerations , " police said . The state medical examiner 's office concluded Saturday that Sanchez had died from "  stab wounds to the trunk and neck " and ruled the death a homicide . School staff members and emergency technicians attempted "  life-saving measures , " according to Milford Police Chief Keith Mello , but Sanchez was pronounced dead at Bridgeport Hospital at 7:43 a.m. . The prom , which was scheduled for the night of the slaying , was postponed . All students were sent home , and counseling services were made available throughout the weekend . On Friday , friends and classmates of Sanchez gathered and released balloons into the air . The balloons were violet , her favorite color . On Instagram , classmates in prom attire posted images of themselves holding her green prom gown . The slain girl 's cousin , Edward Kovac , read a statement from her family lamenting what they called an "  unprovoked attack " that ended the life of a young woman who had "  her future at her fingertips . " "  Maren should be celebrating at her prom this evening , with her friends and classmates , " the family statement said . "  Instead , we are mourning her death , and we are trying as a community to understand this senseless loss of life . " The family statement recalled other cases of school violence , saying "  we can never forget the lessons ... from this " and other incidents . One of those incidents happened about 22 miles away in Newtown , where a lone gunman shot his mother to death , then went to Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 26 people , including 20 children , before taking his own life in December 2012 . "  We need to ensure that more young children are protected from violent attacks at school , " the family said . In their statement , the Plaskon family said , "  In prayer we ask for comfort for the Sanchez family and all of us so deeply affected by this tragedy . We pray for the wisdom to guide us as we desperately try to pull together the shattered pieces of our families . And finally , we pray that time may soften our wounds and reveal forgiveness in the hearts of all . " CNN 's Lena Jakobsson contrinuted to this report .	Christopher Plaskon , 16 , charged with murder as an adult in the slashing death of a classmate Maren Sanchez , 16 , died Friday after being slashed in a school stairwell Police say the suspect allegedly confessed in the principal 's office : "  I did it , Just arrest me . " Plaskon 's lawyer says his client "  is in need of continued psychiatric care and medication "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Well , our recent list of top ` derby ' matches certainly got you talking ; most in disagreement with me it has to be said ! Though it is about to be replaced with a new stadium , the atmosphere at Anfield ca n't be beaten . Having viewed football all over the world , I thought I 'd publish my top 11 stadiums . I am basing my opinion on a variety of different variables ; tradition , atmosphere , beauty etc. . Do you agree ? Have we left off the best football ground ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below . 1  Anfield -- Liverpool , England The stadium was first built over 120 years ago and , quite frankly , it shows . Anfield is looking old and tired and the club is actively seeking a new home , yet it simply has to be in the list for atmosphere alone . The sound of 45,000 Liverpool fans simultaneously singing "  You 'll Never Walk Alone " is spine-tingling -- especially on European nights . The Kop is an awesome stand and as the players come down the tunnel to the pitch , a sign above them says "  This is Anfield " ... That says it all . See a photo gallery of our First 11 stadiums " 2  Westfalenstadion -- Dortmund , Germany Borussia Dortmund are the best supported single-city club in Europe and the Sudtribune is Europe 's largest standing terrace , packed with more than 25,000 of Dortmund 's most vocal supporters on Bundesliga match days . With a capacity of 80,000 , this is a real temple of football , close , intimidating and passionate . Just imagine what it would be like if Dortmund returned to being the force in German football they once were . 3  The Millennium Stadium -- Cardiff , Wales Now used only for Welsh international home fixtures , the Millennium stadium proved a revelation as a temporary home for English finals while Wembley was being refurbished , so much so that many people -- myself included -- felt that it was the perfect stage for such major matches as the FA Cup final . A retractable roof meant the atmosphere could be enclosed within the stadium , and its position in the heart of Cardiff made it very accessible . Sadly missed by many Englishmen . 4  Azteca Stadium -- Mexico City , Mexico The home of the Mexican national team and to club side America , the Azteca really is an iconic football arena . It is the only stadium to host two World Cup finals , in 1970 and 1986 and has played host to undoubtedly the two greatest goals in football history ; Carlos Alberto  Brazil v Italy in 1970  and Diego Maradona  Argentina v England in 1986  . With a capacity of 105,000 , it is the fifth-largest stadium in the world . If a stadium could write an autobiography -- the Azteca would wipe the floor with everyone else ! 5  La Bombonera -- Buenos Aires , Argentina The home of Boca Juniors , La Bombonera  the Chocolate Box  gets its name from its rectangular shape . Despite a capacity of only 57,000 , the atmosphere in the ground is unique and the vibrating caused when fans start to jump up and down in rhythm , is believed to intimidate many opposition teams . As well as the atmosphere , the murals that line the interior and exterior of the stadium add a special touch that is rarely matched elsewhere . 6  The Maracana -- Rio de Janeiro , Brazil Has to be included for history purposes alone . Unbelievably , just shy of 200,000 people packed into the ground to see host nation Brazil lose out to Uruguay in the 1950 World Cup finals and although modernization has meant a marked reduction in the capacity , a total of 95,000 makes it the 12th biggest arena in the world . Flamengo and Fluminese share the stadium but in six years time the eyes of the world will be back on the famous old ground when it joins the Azteca in Mexico as the second stadium to host two World Cup finals . 7  Old Trafford -- Manchester , England The biggest club ground in England with a capacity of over 76,000 , Old Trafford is known as "  The Theatre of Dreams " for good reason . Such has been United 's domination since the inception of the Premier League , that sour-faced rivals claim many Old Trafford supporters are just there for the "  day out " and do n't actually come from Manchester . Who cares ? The ground is always full and the roar from the Stretford End is worth the admission money alone . 8  Nou Camp -- Barcelona , Spain With a capacity of just over 98,000 , the Nou Camp -- which simply means "  new field " in Catalan -- is the largest stadium in Europe and an absolute must to visit for any football fan . Only 50 years old , the stadium stands like a shining beacon , dominating its surroundings . Despite its size , the high over-hanging stands somehow still manage to give an enclosed , intimidating feeling , although the locals ' displeasure at a bad display  cue the waving of white hankies  can give the stadium an eerie feeling when things are not going Barca 's way . 9  San Siro -- Milan , Italy The San Siro , or to give it its proper name , the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza , is a work of art and the only Italian stadium to make my list because it does n't have an athletics track and that gives the feeling of a real football venue . The stadium has played host to both Milan and Inter since 1947 , previously Milan had been sole tenants , with the 11 towers that adorn the outside giving it a unique appearance . 10  Madrigal -- Villarreal , Spain I make no excuses for including the tiny Madrigal stadium , because of the atmosphere generated within and outside it . The ground only holds 25,000 , but as the town itself has a population of under 50,000 , it means half its inhabitants are watching the action when the stadium is full . The tiny surrounding streets occasionally play host to a giant yellow submarine -- the team 's nickname -- which is paraded before kick-off and the general feeling is one of friendliness mixed with steely determination . I guarantee that no ground this size anywhere in the world makes more noise , a reason , I 'm sure , why the club continues to punch above its weight in La Liga . 11  Stadium of Light -- Lisbon , Portugal A real work of beauty . The home of Benfica and the Portuguese national side was entirely rebuilt for the Euro 2004 finals -- and what a job the architects did . Known as ` The Cathedral ' by supporters and locals , the stadium 's capacity , once a remarkable 120,000 , was nearly halved , but what it lost in terms of spectators , it made up for in a stunning , modern arena . Bedecked in the red and white color of Benfica , the stunning red arches over the roof and pretty surroundings , makes this one of the most beautiful stadiums in the world .	We have compiled a list of the world 's best football grounds Liverpool 's Anfield stadium is perfect for an electric atmosphere La Bombonera is home to some of the most passionate fans worldwide Milan 's San Siro plays host to both AC and Inter Milan
CNN  Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force  MSDF  has taken delivery of the Izumo , the largest Japanese military vessel to see service since World War II . The warship was unveiled at a ceremony at the Yokusuka naval base near Yokohama , also home to the U.S Navy 's Seventh Fleet . The Izumo has a crew of 470 , and with a standard displacement of 19,500 tones  24,000 tonnes at full load , according to military publication Jane 's  , it is as large as the storied Yamato-class battleships which fought U.S. naval forces in the Pacific theater of World War II . The wreck of one of the two Yamato-class battleships , the Musashi , was discovered early in March 2015 by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen . At 241 meters  791 feet  in length , the Izumo is 51 meters  167 ft  longer than the Hyuga , another helicopter carrier which was , until now , the MDSF 's largest vessel . Regional neighbors and rivals questioned the legitimacy of such a ship for purely defensive purposes , pointing out that , due to its size and deck configuration it could be repurposed as an aircraft carrier -- a class banned under Japan 's pacifist constitution . "  The Izumo proves that Japan has the technical capabilities and demand to develop aircraft carriers . It 's also possible that Japan may explore the possibility during the Izumo 's service , " Li Jie , a Beijing-based military expert , told the Chinese state-backed Global Times newspaper . However , Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told reporters in Yokohama that the MSDF did not intend to use it in this way . "  We are not thinking about using this as an aircraft carrier , " he said , saying that the lack of hangers and service bays , along with a deck unsuitable for takeoffs and landings , meant that the Izumo was n't designed for fixed-wing aircraft . He said that it needed to be as large as it is so it could host joint operations and act as a command center . He insisted that the new addition to Japan 's maritime forces was designed for peaceful purposes . "  The vessel can serve in a wide range of roles including peacekeeping operations , international disaster relief and aid . " He added that its helicopter capabilities -- it can host seven anti-submarine patrol helicopters , plus two rescue and transport helicopters , the Japan Times reported -- would aid in the detection of sophisticated Chinese submarines . Japan , along with the Philippines and Vietnam , is engaged in territorial disputes with China over the sovereignty of islands in the South China Sea , and Kazuhisa Ogawa , a defense analyst at the Strategic Research Institute of International Change in Japan , says that , in combination with Japan 's other helicopter carriers , the Izumo could be used to "  regain remote islets . " He also downplayed China 's suggestions that the size of the Izumo represented an escalation of Japan 's military ambitions , telling CNN that although it is the biggest Japanese military ship since World War II , it is only a fifth of the size of the USS George Washington . "  It would cost five times Japan 's current defense spending for the SDF to have an independent operational capability . The Japanese public would not take that kind of risk , " he said . The commissioning of the Izumo comes amid heightened tensions between Japan and its neighbors China and South Korea . In July . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe allowed for a reinterpreting of Japan 's constitution , paving the way for more active military engagement overseas . The Chinese government has also invited the Japanese leader to attend a ceremony in the Chinese capital in September to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War . Japan 's handling of its wartime aggression is frequently criticized by China and other Asian nations -- it is often accused of downplaying its actions during the war . Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Tuesday that the Chinese government had contacted "  all relevant countries " with a view to attending . The Japanese Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper said that , as the celebrations will feature a military parade , Abe is "  unlikely to attend . " It quoted an unnamed Foreign Ministry official as saying : "  While the Japanese government is demanding China improve the transparency of its defense spending , attendance of the prime minister is impossible . " Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga has previously said that China should work on developing a future-looking cooperative relationship with Japan , rather than highlighting Japan 's previous , 70-year-old indiscretions . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force takes receipt of newly-commissioned helicopter carrier The ship , named the Izumo , is the largest Japanese military ship since the Second World War Critics in neighboring countries say the ship could contravene Japan 's pacifist constitution
CNN  -- McDonald 's probably wo n't be exclaiming "  I 'm Lovin ' It " in this case . McCurry restaurant owners A.M.S.P Suppiah and his wife Kanageswary Suppiah . In a David-and-Goliath match-up in the world of fast food , McCurry -- a small Indian curry shop in Malaysia -- has won an eight-year legal battle against the hamburger giant . McDonald 's claimed that the prefix "  Mc " in McCurry trampled on its trademark . The country 's Federal Court on Tuesday ruled that it did n't . "  We 're very relieved -- much , much relieved -- that this eight-year-old saga is finally over , " said McCurry owner P. Suppiah . "  We 're a typical South Asian-Malay cuisine . No way people walking into McCurry can confuse us with McDonald 's . " The sparse 24/7 self-service restaurant in the capital , Kuala Lumpur , is popular with blue-collar workers who are drawn to its affordable fare , such as biryani rice and fishhead curry . Its logo : a chicken flashing a thumbs-up . The eatery opened in 1999 . McDonald 's filed suit two years later . "  We were shocked that such a big giant wants to take us to court , " Suppiah said . "  We felt that we had nothing in common , because we were not selling any Western fast food . " The hamburger chain , which has 185 restaurants throughout Malaysia , said McCurry was violating the prefix "  Mc " and that McDonald 's had the right to protect it . McCurry , in turn , said the prefix is common and is part of last names all across Europe . Furthermore , it said , the "  Mc " in McCurry stands for "  Malaysian Chicken Curry . " A lower court ruled in favor of McDonald 's , and Suppiah appealed . An appeals court in 2006 overturned that ruling , prompting McDonald 's to appeal this time . On Tuesday , the Federal Court -- the highest in the land -- held up the appeals court ruling . McDonald 's said it accepts the judgment . "  We respect the finding of the court and beyond that have no further comment , " said Liam Jeory of McDonald 's Asia Pacific , Middle East and Africa region . Suppiah said the ruling means he can now add other McCurry locations , with its slogan : "  Tasty and so Gooood . "	David-and-Goliath match-up in fast food world sees McCurry defeat McDonald 's McDonald 's claimed that the "  Mc " in McCurry trampled on its trademark McCurry owner P. Suppiah : "  We 're very relieved -- much , much relieved "
The director of the VA hospital in Augusta , Georgia , has publicly apologized for the deaths of three veterans at the facility that were caused by delays in care . The rare public apology from an official at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs was prompted by a CNN exclusive investigation on Tuesday that detailed the deaths at the Augusta facility , and also other deaths and delays at other VA hospitals . "  All of us at the Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center are deeply saddened by the loss of any veteran at our facility , " said director Robert Hamilton . "  We offer our sincerest condolences to veterans affected by delays in GI care and families who have lost a loved one . " The CNN investigation revealed that military veterans are dying needlessly because of long waits and delayed care at U.S. veterans hospitals . The investigation found that the situation has been especially dire at the Williams Jennings Bryan Dorn Veterans Medical Center in Columbia , South Carolina . There , veterans waiting months for simple gastrointestinal procedures -- such as a colonoscopy or endoscopy -- have been dying because their cancers are n't caught in time . The VA confirmed to CNN that there have been six deaths at the Dorn facility tied to delays . But sources close to the investigation there told CNN the number of veterans dead or dying of cancer because they had to wait too long for diagnosis or treatment at that facility could be more than 20 . CNN learned from documents and interviews that other VA facilities have been under scrutiny by officials over possible delays in treatment or diagnoses . Shortly before CNN published its report Tuesday , the VA acknowledged that there have been concerns about delay of care at some of its other facilities . At the Augusta medical center , the VA confirmed Tuesday to CNN that three veterans died as a result of delayed care . Internal documents at that facility showed a waiting list of 4,500 patients . The VA also acknowledged Tuesday that it investigated delays at facilities in Atlanta , northern Texas and Jackson , Mississippi . The VA said no "  adverse outcomes " because of delays were found at the centers in Texas and Mississippi . But the VA denied CNN 's repeated requests for interviews with either local facilities or officials in Washington , DC . Then , on Thursday , the chief of the Norwood facility met with reporters to answer questions about the CNN story . Hamilton only became director in mid-2012 , after much of the delays there had already been ongoing . In an interview Thursday with CNN , Hamilton said the hospital had looked back at dozens of patients records out of concern for possible delays in care or treatment . "  We reviewed a total of 80 cases , and after careful review of both internally and externally into our organization we found that seven were related to a delay in care , " he said . The facility sent notifications , or "  institutional disclosures , " to those seven veterans or their families about the delays in care . Asked whether there might be more veterans dead or dying as a result of the delays in care at Norwood , Hamilton said : "  We 've had no additional fatalities at this point , and we are not aware of any additional requirements for any institutionalized disclosures based on the evidence . " Hamilton said by mid-2012 the delays in the gastrointestinal section of the hospital had grown to large numbers . "  We were looking back at a potential delay in GI consults of about 5,100 total , " he said . On Tuesday , the VA said in a statement to CNN , "  The Department of Veterans Affairs is committed to providing the best quality , safe and effective health care our Veterans have earned and deserve . We take seriously any issue that occurs at one of the more than 1,700 health care facilities across the country . The consult delay at Dorn VAMC has been resolved . " The statement added that cases are now tracked daily , and additional staff members were hired . But sources at Dorn -- both patients and medical staff -- tell CNN that 's just not true . The problems continue , and veterans are still facing delays that could be killing them .	America 's war veterans are dying because of long waits and delayed care , CNN has found Director of medical center in Georgia issues apology He says staffers have reviewed medical records
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A construction worker found what appears to be a World War II-era bomb Thursday afternoon at a work site on Hong Kong Island , prompting evacuations in the area , police told CNN . The suspected bomb was found upright in the ground as workers dug at a construction site for a hotel , the police told CNN . Initial police analysis suggested it was American ordnance , designated US Navy ANM 66 . People within 500 meters of the site were told to leave by 8 p.m.  7 a.m. ET  , the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported , citing police . The evacuation area included the neighboring Cosmopolitan Hotel . Police did n't immediately know how many people would be evacuated , police spokesperson Florence Ma told CNN . A team of at least six bomb disposal officers in protective clothing was seen at the site . A police spokesperson said that they would not attempt a controlled detonation on site . Neither the condition of the casing nor the integrity of the device could not immediately be confirmed . The scene was calm Thursday night . Firetrucks , ambulances and roughly two dozen police officers were there , but traffic was flowing on the nearby main road , and there appeared to be no onlookers , save for a small group of reporters . Traffic was stopped on roads leading to the site , resulting in a line of several waiting buses . Police gave passengers the option to alight but most waited for the cordon to be lifted . Such a discovery is n't unheard of , and unexploded bombs from World War II raids have been found in Hong Kong hillsides and construction sites , the police spokesman said . Bombs from that era also have been found in Europe . Last month , a bulldozer struck what authorities believed was a World War II-era bomb in the western German town of Euskirchen , causing a blast that killed the bulldozer driver , injured a number of other people and damaged homes , police said .	NEW : Apparent bomb believed to date from World War II , Hong Kong police say Object found during dig at hotel construction site , Chinese state-run media report Evacuation area includes neighboring Cosmopolitan Hotel
CNN  -- Esteemed psychiatrist Elisabeth Kbler-Ross spent much of her career working with terminally ill patients and the anxiety many of them expressed in the face of their impending death . Her experience and interactions with hundreds of them formed the basis for "  On Death and Dying , " a groundbreaking 1969 book . In it , she outlined the five stages she believed those nearing death endured -- denial , anger , bargaining , depression , and , lastly , acceptance -- and suggested strategies for helping them and their families cope . Her work was monumental within the field in part because the emotional needs of those dealing with death had for so long been avoided . It would not be for much longer . Which is perhaps what makes New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's hijacking of Kbler-Ross ' grief cycle for his own gains so egregious . As he faced the press in an unending press conference held Thursday after a scandal that jammed traffic on the George Washington Bridge for four days blew up on his administration , Christie issued a series of halfhearted mea culpas . He asked not for the public 's forgiveness but for pity . "  You can only imagine as I was standing there in my bedroom looking at my iPad how sad and betrayed I felt , " he said . "  I 'm heartbroken about it and I 'm incredibly disappointed . I do n't think I 've gotten to the anger stage yet , but I 'm sure I 'll get there . " In his telling , he , too , after all , was a victim , just like the thousands of commuters -- including schoolchildren -- who endured hours trapped in their cars somewhere between New York and New Jersey . Just like 91-year-old Florence Genova , who died after paramedics who were stuck in traffic reached her .  Christie , while expressing regret , could not help but note , "  I 've also heard conflicting reports about the cause of death . " In fact , at his new conference , he characterized himself as "  heartbroken , " "  sad , " "  humiliated , " "  betrayed ; " referring again and again to the stages of grief he was struggling through . Oh , and did he mention he was "  very sad ? " "  On Death and Dying " had a profound impact on psychology and society . It led to a greater emphasis on counseling and hospice care for dying patients and their families , and inspired Kbler-Ross to devote the remainder of her years in clinical practice to the dying , including AIDS patients and children in particular . In subsequent years , of course , Kubler-Ross ' grief cycle has been applied to countless other traumatic situations , including losing a job , going bankrupt and ending a relationship , all of which can carry fair amounts of grief and require coping . But this may be the first time her work has been used as a political strategy . The situation that forced Christie to an accounting before the cameras was traumatic , but not for him . Despite his claims , he was n't actually a victim . Nor was he convincingly contrite about either the cause or the effect of the actions that occurred at the behest of the staffers in his administration and on his watch , as he piled most of the blame on his deputy chief of staff , Bridget Anne Kelly  he described her as "  stupid "  . Nowhere among Kbler-Ross ' stages , it should be noted , is "  seek sympathy , " "  blame others , " or "  do whatever it takes to clear your name . " In fact , if the governor is looking for some more situation-appropriate stages to pass through , he might consider turning to his Catholic upbringing for a guide . Among the church 's steps to a good confession : Be truly sorry . Examine your conscience . Express sorrow for the sin . Resolve not to commit it again . Lastly , ask for forgiveness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Elisabeth Kubler-Ross first named 5 grief stages to help with death , says Peggy Drexler She says Christie 's casting himself as victim , invoking grief stages over scandal , is a first Drexler : He spoke of own humiliation , sadness . Left out those affected by traffic tie-up Drexler : "  Seek sympathy , " "  blame others " are not stages , but "  ask forgiveness " works
Washington  CNN  -- The United States dramatically expanded its evacuation warnings near the troubled Japanese nuclear reactors Wednesday , telling Americans to get at least 50 miles away . The earlier recommendation from both the U.S. and Japanese governments was to stay 12 miles away or to take shelter indoors if evacuation was not possible within an 18-mile radius . The U.S. change came Wednesday afternoon in Washington but in the middle of the night in Tokyo . It was the first time since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami in Japan triggered the nuclear crisis that the United States and Japanese governments have differed on advising what their citizens should do . Before Wednesday , the United States had urged American citizens in Japan to follow the recommendations of the Japanese government . The new U.S. recommendation "  suggests that the advice the Japanese government is giving based on the information it has is different than the advice we 'd be giving if this incident happened in the United States , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters in Washington . "  Their standards are different from ours based on how far you should evacuate , " he said , calling the situation in Japan "  very fluid . " State Department spokesman Mark Toner echoed Carney , saying that the United States has confidence in Japanese authorities but wanted to put out the new information about the crisis based on the evaluation of U.S. experts and what they would propose in a similar crisis inside the United States . "  This is not any kind of judgment on what the Japanese authorities are telling their public , " Toner said at a mid-afternoon briefing at the State Department . "  This is based on what we would advise American citizens here to do in a similar situation . So we are compelled based on that estimate , based on that appraisal , to advise American citizens in Japan to do the same . ' The decision on widening the exclusion area lagged behind the U.S. military , which had kept military personnel from operating within 50 miles of the damaged nuclear plant "  days ago , " according to Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan . State Department officials could not explain why the military was concerned about U.S. military operating in the area but the State Department did not feel a need to warn American citizens until early Thursday in Japan . Just before the evacuation recommendation had changed , the U.S. ambassador to Japan had told journalists that the United States was in full agreement with the Japanese . "  Our experts are in agreement with the response and measures taken by Japanese technicians , including their recommended 20-kilometer  12-mile  radius for evacuation and additional shelter-in-place recommendations out to 30 kilometers  18 miles  , " Ambassador John Roos told journalists at a briefing in Tokyo Wednesday afternoon . Despite the major change , Toner said the widening of the evacuation area should not be viewed as any shift of confidence in Japan . "  We feel we are cooperating effectively with the Japanese government and that we are communicating , " Toner said . The State Department is coordinating with other governments about helping people leave the areas devastated by the earthquake and tsunami as well as by the crisis at the nuclear plants . But despite earlier U.S. statements that there were 160,000 Americans in Japan , Toner said no specific numbers were available . And he would not predict whether the United States would take steps to bring members of its diplomatic team and families back to the U.S. "  We are looking at all contingencies but I have no more to say on that . Posture has n't changed , " Toner said .	U.S. government urges American citizens to move 50 miles away Japan calls for evacuations within 12 miles U.S. officials say the difference reflects how each country analyzes information It 's the first time since the disaster that the two differed on advising their citizens
CNN  -- Dr. Kent Brantly had stared death in the face many times , doing all he could against frightful odds to save Ebola victims in West Africa . Until death stared back . In his first extensive on-camera interview since contracting the virus , Brantly recalled to NBC News on Tuesday how close he had come to being one more of the over 1,500 people the World Health Organization says have lost their lives to Ebola in the current outbreak . Doctors never told him outright he might not survive as he lay in a bed in Liberia , an ocean away from his family . They did n't have to . "  I felt like I was about to die , " Brantly told NBC 's Matt Lauer . "  And I said to the nurse taking care of me , ` I 'm sick . I have no reserve , and I do n't know how long I can keep this up . ' "	Dr. Kent Brantly went to West Africa to work for a Christian relief organization He recalls feeling "  a little off " on July 23 , then testing positive for Ebola virus Brantly says he had "  no reserve , " did n't know if he could continue breathing He did and -- after time at an Atlanta hospital -- was declared symptom-free
CNN  A Montana pipeline burst sent as much as 50,400 gallons of oil gushing into the Yellowstone River , prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency . Residents in nearby cities were told not to drink the tap water , which some said smelled like diesel . The massive oil spill happened when the 12-inch pipeline , which crosses the Yellowstone River , ruptured Saturday about 5 miles upstream from Glendive , Montana 's Department of Environmental Quality said . The Bridger Pipeline company shut down the pipeline . Glendive City Council member Gerald Reichert was among the residents who noticed a disturbing odor in the drinking water . "  Suddenly at our house there was a definite smell . It was a diesel smell , " Reichert told the Grand Forks Herald . Montana Gov. Steve Bullock announced a state of emergency for Dawson and Richland counties . And while officials wait for results from water sample testing , they 're advising residents to use bottled water for drinking and cooking . A host of agencies have responded to the oil spill , including the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Health and Human Services . Adding to the problems , the weather : the Yellowstone River is partially frozen , making it difficult to clean up the mess . This is n't the first major oil spill into the Yellowstone River -- the longest undammed river in the United States . In 2011 , up to 42,000 gallons poured out of a ruptured Exxon Mobil pipeline . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	An oil pipeline that crosses the Yellowstone River burst near Glendive , Montana The Yellowstone River is the longest undammed river in the United States
Gaza City , Gaza  CNN  -- Israeli airstrikes and tank shells pounded parts of Gaza Tuesday -- killing a 4-year-old girl , Palestinian security and medical sources said -- after Israel said a Gaza sniper killed a Muslim Israeli man near a border fence . The events began when a sniper in Gaza shot a Bedouin Israeli citizen -- Salah Shukri Abu Latyef , 22 -- who was performing maintenance work Tuesday on the fence separating Israel from the Palestinian territory 's northern border , the Israeli military said . Abu Latyef was from Rahat , a southern Israeli city inhabited mainly by Bedouins , an Arab Muslim minority in Israel , the military said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office promised a forceful response , saying the shooting was a "  very severe incident , and we will not let it go unanswered . " "  Our policy until now has been to act beforehand and to respond in force , and this is how we will act regarding this incident as well , " Netanyahu 's office said . Israeli warplanes launched strikes on and near some Gaza camps of the al Qassam Brigades -- the military wing of Hamas , which controls Gaza -- Hamas security sources said . The Israeli military confirmed it launched tank and air attacks , saying it struck a weapon manufacturing facility and "  a terror infrastructure in the southern Gaza Strip , a terror site and another terror infrastructure in the central Gaza Strip , and a concealed rocket launcher in the northern Gaza Strip . " One airstrike struck a house near an al Qassam camp in central Gaza , killing a 4-year-old girl and injuring three of her relatives , the Hamas sources said . Israeli airstrikes also hit an empty field at an al Qassam camp near the southern Gaza area of Rafah , and an empty al Qassam training camp in the southern Gaza community of Khan Younes , the Hamas sources said . Hamas said the training camps were evacuated after the Israeli 's killing . Israeli tank shells also hit near the al Maghazi refugee camp in central Gaza , according to the Hamas sources . The sources said 11 people were injured in the airstrikes and tank attacks , in addition to the child who was killed . The al Qassam Brigades claimed on its Twitter account that the slain Israeli was a soldier . The Israeli military , however , said Abu Latyef was a civilian . The Israeli defense minister , Moshe Ya'alon , said Israel holds Hamas responsible for the shooting . "  We will not allow life in the south to be disturbed , and we will react in the sternest and gravest way to any attack on our sovereignty and injuries of our civilians and soldiers , " Ya'alon said in a statement released by the defense ministry . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is concerned about the violence , condemns Abu Latyef 's killing and deplores the death of the Gaza girl and other Palestinian civilian casualties , his spokesman said Tuesday . The Israeli military said Abu Latyef was the first Israeli civilian killed near the Gaza Strip since it launched a series of attacks there last year . In Israel 's "  Pillar of Defense " operation in November 2012 , the country 's military launched strikes on Gaza designed to stop constant rocket fire . Eight days of round-the-clock warfare followed between Israel and Hamas . More than 160 Palestinians , many of whom were civilians , were killed . Six Israelis died , including civilians and soldiers . Journalist Talal Abu Rahma reported from Gaza City ; CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Bethlehem in the West Bank . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali , Kareem Khadder and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli citizen killed by Gaza sniper was a Bedouin Muslim , Israeli military says Salah Shukri Abu Latyef was working on border fence when he was shot , Israeli military says Girl in Gaza killed in Israeli airstrike , Hamas security sources say Israeli prime minister 's office calls it a "  very severe incident "
President Barack Obama canceled a campaign trip at the last minute to stay in Washington and spearhead a more aggressive national response after Ebola infected two nurses and frightened Americans with the prospect that their health system is not equipped to handle a catastrophic medical event . Obama said Wednesday that monitoring of Ebola must be done in a "  much more aggressive way . " He continued , according to the pool report , to say that as soon as someone is diagnosed , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention must have a rapid response team immediately on site . The White House is taking this very seriously at the highest levels . The President made the comments after a special meeting of his Cabinet that was convened to address Ebola and came as one of the infected nurses in Texas was transported to special hospital facilities in Georgia for care . Get up to speed on Ebola developments Obama said the CDC would deploy new SWAT teams within 24 hours to any hospital with an infected patient . He also promised that the federal government would review contacts made by infected people before they showed symptoms . But he urged calm , repeating that Ebola is not easily spread if someone is not showing symptoms . "  Here 's what we know about Ebola . It 's not like the flu . It 's not airborne , " the President said , adding that he had met , hugged and even kissed health care workers at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta who had treated Ebola patients . The White House announced Wednesday that it was postponing Obama 's campaign trip -- which included stops in Connecticut and New Jersey -- in order for the president to meet with "  Cabinet agencies coordinating the government 's response to the Ebola outbreak . " With the potency of his last years in office on the line , Obama was expected to cautiously step back on to the campaign trail Wednesday , rallying Democrats in dyed-blue Connecticut working to keep the governor there in office . But the President still will continue to mostly avoid campaigning in Senate contests , sticking to the gubernatorial campaign trail in three visits over the next week and four more planned trips in the final week of the 2014 season . Only one of those trips -- in Michigan -- is set to involve Democrat 's Senate nominee . Vulnerable candidates in places such as Kentucky , North Carolina , Arkansas and Louisiana have been loathe to invite Obama to rally for them in their own states , spooked by his low approval ratings and the unpopular policy initiatives they helped move through Congress . That 's left Obama relegated to the role of chief fund-raiser , jetting to wealthy enclaves across the country to try and keep donors encouraged enough about Democrats ' chances to keep writing checks . It 's been a tough sell recently , with Republicans almost certain to retain control of the U.S. House and models giving the GOP an edge to take the Senate . White House : No Holder replacement until after midterms In Connecticut , where Obama had been scheduled to speak Wednesday , Gov. Dannel Malloy is tied with Republican rival Tom Foley , who served as the U.S. ambassador to Ireland from 2006-2009 . A CBS/New York Times poll had both men at 41 % among likely voters in a survey taken the last week of September . A White House official had said earlier Obama would also campaign with two Democratic gubernatorial candidates on Sunday : Anthony Brown in Maryland and Pat Quinn in Illinois . Both have slight edges over their Republican rivals , and will depend on high turnout among African-Americans , one group with which Obama still has sway . Obama 's midterm malaise Connecticut and Maryland are both deep blue , swinging in Obama 's direction by wide margins in both 2008 and 2012 . In Connecticut , voters have been more willing to send Republicans to the State House -- when Malloy took office in 2011 he succeeded two GOP governors . And Obama will use the final week of the campaign season crisscrossing the country to boost gubernatorial candidates in Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , Maine and Michigan . White House aims to show Obama at work In states with tight Senate races that are either Republican-leaning or true battlegrounds , Democrats have gone to sometimes extreme lengths to avoid Obama 's drag . Alison Lundergan Grimes , challenging Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in Kentucky , would n't even say whether she voted for Obama in the last election . The White House , while defending Obama 's economic record , says issues such as Ebola and combating ISIS have occupied the bulk of his time . But they say he 'll do what he can for Democrats ahead of November 4 . "  The President obviously has got a few things on his plate these days , but  he  is looking forward to the opportunity to campaign with other candidates in advance of the midterms , " press secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday .	Obama wants to see more aggressive approach Obama convenes special Cabinet meeting regarding outbreak of Ebola . Government ramps up response after a second Texas nurse was diagnosed with Ebola New CDC "  SWAT " teams will be dispatched to any hospital with an infected patient
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye remained at a private hospital here on Saturday for treatment and observation following his arrest earlier this week , his sister said . Besigye 's sister , a medical doctor in Uganda , said her brother has suffered from temporary blindness and serious bruising since his arrest in Uganda on Thursday . She spoke to CNN by phone from Uganda 's capital city of Kampala . "  He has had several tests , " said Olive Kobusingye , "  to test the toxicology of the substance that police sprayed in his eyes . " An assistant to Besigye said the opposition leader is in serious condition and that his doctors have deemed him "  too weak " to talk to anyone . He will be kept in observation for at least another night , said the assistant in Nairobi . CNN could not independently confirm the reports of Besigye 's health . Meanwhile , Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni was also in Nairobi on Saturday , addressing a popular private business forum . He spoke just one day after hundreds of angry protesters faced off with security police in the streets of Kampala . At least four people were killed and 120 injured , according to the Ugandan minister of internal affairs . Rioters were angry at the government and upset over Besigye 's latest arrest . Besigye has been arrested several times this month . After his fourth arrest on Wednesday , he was released on bail and ordered by the court not to protest for seven months . Defying orders , Besigye hit the streets again Thursday , where men in civilian clothing smashed his car and sprayed him in the face with pepper spray before loading him into a police car . "  Apparently it was after that opposition leader who sprayed the police with that pepper spray first , " said Museveni . "  I think the lenses of CNN did n't see very well . It was that leader who did that first . " Journalists working for CNN on the scene and videos of the arrest report no attack on the police prior to Besigye 's arrest . Responding to opposition claims that several demonstrators have been killed by police using live ammunition , Museveni said that their deaths will be "  investigated . " "  This will not escalate . We will defeat them , " he said about protesters . "  My democracy is a democracy with discipline . " Besigye lost presidential bids in 2001 , 2006 and 2011 . Museveni has led the east African nation for 25 years .	Kizza Besigye is suffering from temporary blindness and serious bruising , his sister says An assistant to Besigye says the opposition leader is in serious condition Besigye was hit with pepper spray and was arrested on Thursday in Kampala The Ugandan president says that Besigye attacked police with pepper spray first
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- An unscripted , shocking moment during last year 's MTV Video Music awards dominated Sunday night 's show , with Kanye West and Taylor Swift putting their feelings to music . Taylor Swift sang a ballad of forgiveness for West -- the rapper who interrupted her acceptance speech at last year 's show , while West 's song seemed to acknowledge his reputation as a jerk . "  Who you are is not what you did , " Swift sang . "  You 're still an innocent . " "  Let 's have a toast for the scumbags , " West sang in his hook . Other lines were unprintable because of graphic language . Swift , who has built a career writing songs about men who have done her wrong , penned her song -- "  Innocent " -- earlier this year "  about her feelings about last year 's VMAs , " her representative told CNN . There was no immediate information from West 's representative about his song , which ended the show . West also was the target of jokes from show host Chelsea Handler . She lampooned by West by giving tips on how to fend off people stealing a spotlight . Another celeb made fun of her own bad behavior early in the show . Lindsay Lohan , fresh out of jail and rehab , appeared in a backstage skit with Handler , who was wearing an alcohol-detection bracelet like the one Lohan recently wore . "  Wake up , Handler , pull it together , " Lohan said as she slammed Handler against a wall . "  You 're a menace . Do you think anyone will work with a drunk ? Take it from me , they do n't . " Handler made her first stage entrance wearing a model of a house on her head , a joke aimed at Lady Gaga , who is known for creative and often bulky costumes . Gaga won two awards early in the show -- including for best female video and best pop video . Each time she struggled to reach the stage because of her dress , which she explained was "  too heavy to walk in . " Eminem , who opened the show in a duet with Rihanna , won for best male video and best pop video . The rapper did n't come on stage to accept because he had already left the building to catch a plane to New York . "  Jersey Shore " cast members provided humor from a hot tub . Handler jumped in the jacuzzi with the four , including Snooki and the Situation . Teen singing sensation Justin Bieber took the stage outside of the Nokia Theater in downtown Los Angeles during the first hour . Usher followed with a song on the main stage . Linkin Park , Drake , Paramore , B.o.B , Florence + The Machine also were on the list of performers . Last year 's show is remembered mostly for what was not planned . West , who walked the red carpet with a bottle of cognac in his hand , jumped on stage after Swift was announced the winner over Beyonce in one category . "  Taylor , I 'm really happy for you , and I 'm gon na let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time , " he said , snatching the microphone from Swift after she had won her award . Swift stood onstage , speechless , clutching her award . The cameras panned to a shocked Beyonce , while the audience booed and later chanted "  Taylor . " Though Beyonce later afforded the teen singer another opportunity to finish her speech , the West backlash had begun . It cost him his spot on a concert tour with Lady Gaga .	Taylor Swift sings forgiveness for Kanye West Swift wrote the song about her feelings toward West Kanye West is set to perform at this year 's VMA show West suffered backlash for his antics at last year 's show
CNN  -- By now , we 're on the same page that Mitt Romney 's pick of Paul Ryan as his running mate contradicts a golden oldie of presidential election strategy -- run to the conservative  or liberal  base to win the nomination and then reposition toward the center to lure the more moderate independent swing voters who are necessary to win the general election . Ryan may be many things -- energetic , charismatic and geeky -- but no one familiar with his Full Monty conservative budgets would describe his selection as remotely moving to the center . Just the opposite -- Romney has doubled down on his move to the right during the primary battle . What gives ? Did the looming prospect of defeat push Romney into a desperate gamble ? Give Romney some credit . He 's made a shrewd move . The Ryan choice adopts a strategy premised on supermobilizing the base and luring a smidgeon of others . Put on your thinking caps and grab an abacus , here are the numbers that could put Romney in the White House . Conservatives outnumber liberals 2 to 1  40 % to 21 %  . Rage against Obama has the GOP ready to walk over red hot coals to cast a ballot . A mainstay of Gallup 's measure for determining who is likely to vote -- whether survey respondents are thinking a lot about the election -- shows not only that Republicans are more attentive than Democrats by 13 points but also more fired up than in recent presidential elections . To make sure they harvest the Ryan enthusiasts , the Romney campaign appears to be assembling an impressive operation to turn out the vote and to aggressively compete with the Obama team for the early vote . What makes the Romney mobilization particularly threatening to Obama is that it targets his biggest challenge -- polls consistently show him ahead but there are ominous signs that a decisive group of those supporters wo n't actually cast a ballot . Even with Obama 's pro-immigration shift and the growing number of Latinos in competitive states , their actual turnout may flag from their record numbers in 2008 . Less than half of Hispanics eligible to vote are registering and only 64 % of Hispanics say they will definitely vote as compared to their 77 % response in 2008 and the national average of 78 % today . Ditto on youth . The percentage of voters 18 to 29 who say they will definitely vote in November  58 %  is currently running 20 points or more behind the national average today  78 %  or the youth turnout in 2008  78 %  or 2004  81 %  . Blue collar voters -- never drawn to Obama  think Hillary Clinton in 2008 Democratic primaries  -- may desert him in numbers that approach the "  Reagan Democrat " defections in 1980 . This possible weakness in the Democratic coalition coincides with a bit more slippage among Obama 's 2008 supporters  9 %  than among McCain voters who wo n't vote GOP in November  5 %  . Bottom line : By picking the bona fide conservative Ryan , the Republican base is likely to deliver a rapturous response , which may allow Romney to succeed in exploiting Obama 's greatest weakness at this point . Before you conclude this is far-fetched , think back to Karl Rove 's strategy in 2004 to move right with strident social conservatism on abortion and same-sex marriage , steep tax cuts and hawkish policies in Afghanistan and Iraq . Embracing the base and scorning the rush to the middle cost George W. Bush the independent vote . But Bush also supercharged conservatives and Republicans , who turned out in droves . Refuting the conventional wisdom that Democrats do best in high-turnout elections , it was Bush who most benefited from the 16 % jump in the total vote . But -- there 's always a but . Even as Ryan fires up conservatives , he may also mobilize votes for Obama -- including senior citizens who reside in key swing states like Florida . Alarmed by his draconian proposals to remake Medicare , they may boost their support of Obama . Another potential risk : A good number of voters may be primed to punish the incumbent for poor economic times . Pluralities of Ohio and Florida independents report that Obama 's re-election would hurt their personal financial situation . But the coming hullabaloo over Ryan 's budget proposals may distract the economically pained from punishing Obama . All in all , Romney has a tough battle ahead -- even stringent counts of Electoral College votes based on polls show Obama within striking distance of winning . But using Ryan to ignite the Republican base is probably Romney 's most plausible path to prevailing . And , it may produce a campaign focused a bit more on policy than on birth certificates , service records and the other side issues of recent elections . Strap in , folks , 2012 may be much more interesting and close than we 'd imagined . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence R. Jacobs .	Lawrence Jacobs : Mitt Romney was shrewd in picking Paul Ryan as his running mate Jacobs : Ryan can supercharge conservatives , who outnumber liberals 2 to 1 He says there are signs that Obama supporters wo n't actually cast a ballot Jacobs : Using Ryan to ignite the GOP base is probably Romney 's best chance of prevailing
CNN  -- Five people were killed and five others wounded after an airplane dropped bombs Saturday on a town in South Sudan , a military spokesman in that fledgling country said -- though a Sudanese military spokesman denied any such attack . Col. Philip Aguer , a spokesman for the Sudan People 's Liberation Army of South Sudan , said that the aerial strike hit a market area in Rubkona , which is part of Unity state , at 1 p.m. Saturday  6 a.m. ET  . Abiemnom County in that state , as well as two counties in Warrap state , were also attacked Saturday , Aguer said . But Al-Sawarmi Khalid , a spokesman for the Sudanese Armed Forces , said , "  We have not carried out attacks into South Sudan . " Both military spokesmen referenced Heglig , a key oil installation in South Kordofan state that produces nearly half of Sudan 's oil and was seized by South Sudan 's military this week . Aguer insisted Heglig is part of South Sudan . Meanwhile , Khalid said that Sudanese military forces were "  approaching Heglig from all sides . " Sudan 's ambassador to the United Nations welcomed a U.N. Security Council statement this week demanding "  a complete , immediate and unconditional end to all fighting and a withdrawal of the SPLA from Heglig and an end to aerial bombardments . " "  We will observe closely the behavior and attitude of the reaction of the government of the South to this call and if they do n't heed it , we will reserve our right to exercise the right of self-defense and we will chase them out , " Ambassador Daffa-Alla Elhag Ali Osman said . The European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , has called South Sudan 's move to occupy Heglig "  completely unacceptable " and urged forces to withdraw immediately . The African Union similarly has called on forces to pull out and for aerial bombardments to stop . Yet South Sudan 's ambassador to the United Nations blamed the Khartoum government for attacks on their forces at the border , which she said provoked their actions at Heglig . "  South Sudan had no choice . It had to defend itself to deter attacks on South Sudanese territory , " Agnes Oswaha said . "  South Sudan is prepared to withdraw troops as long as a mechanism is put in place that the area can not be used to launch further attacks . " South Sudan gained independence from the north in July , the result of a referendum overwhelmingly approved by voters last year . The referendum was part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of civil war between the two sides that killed about 2 million people . Despite the split , several outstanding issues have yet to be negotiated , including citizenship , border demarcations and oil revenue sharing . When they separated , South Sudan acquired three-quarters of Sudan 's oil reserves . The two countries have been locked in negotiations over how much the landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north . In late July , South Sudan halted oil production after accusing Sudan of "  stealing " $ 815 million worth of its crude . Sudan said it confiscated the oil to make up for unpaid fees .	An airplane drops bombs on a market in Unity state , a South Sudanese spokesman says A Sudanese spokesman says its military did n't carry out any attacks in South Sudan A dispute continues regarding Heglig , a key oil installation that South Sudan recently took over South Sudan is at odds with Sudan on border issues , months after becoming independent
During a trip to the mostly Muslim nation of Albania , Pope Francis rebuked militants who act in the name of religion , saying no one can act as the "  armor of God . " The Pope lauded Albanians during a visit to the capital of Tirana , calling the Balkan nation one that proves "  a peaceful and fruitful coexistence between persons and communities of believers of different religions is not only desirable , but possible and realistic . " The pontiff did n't refer to any militant group by name . He denounced those who have perverted religious spirit and who are engaged in violence that prevents harmony between people of different faiths . Last month , he denounced ISIS , the Islamist militant group seeking to establish a caliphate in the Middle East . He called ISIS an "  unjust aggressor " On Sunday , he again spoke harshly against religious warriors . "  Let no one consider themselves to be the ` armor ' of God while planning and carrying out acts of violence and oppression , " Pope Francis told diplomats at the presidential palace . "  May no one use religion as a pretext for actions against human dignity and against the fundamental rights of every man and woman , above all , the right to life and the right of everyone to religious freedom . " The pontiff pointed to the religious peace in Albania , a country relatively new to the concept of religious freedom . The population is 56 % Muslim , 10 % Catholic and 7 % Orthodox , according to the CIA Factbook . The climate of respect and trust between those groups is a "  precious gift , " the pontiff said . It has been two decades since a Pope last visited Albania , which is a short distance from Italy , just across the Adriatic Sea . The day-long visit is the first for Francis to another European country since he became Pope . On his way to the palace , he rode through the streets past multitudes of cheering fans and onlookers in an open Pope mobile . Later the Pope celebrated Mass on Mother Teresa Square . Many see Pope Francis ' visit as support for the country 's efforts to grow closer to the West and its wish to join the European Union . Albania was a Soviet satellite state before the fall of European communism at the end of the Cold War . It has been a democratic republic for 24 years .	No one can act as the "  armor of God , " Pope Francis says Pontiff says Albania is an example of how people of different religions can live together Francis does n't mention any militant group by name Religious freedom is relatively new in the country with a large Muslim population
Late on the night of last September 11 , U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens spoke to his deputy for the final time from the diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . "  Greg , we 're under attack , " Stevens told Gregory Hicks . Within hours , Stevens and three other Americans were dead , victims of an armed terrorist assault that has since become a political and foreign policy flashpoint in Washington 's partisan wars . The dramatic narrative recounted by Hicks at a six-hour Republican-led House hearing on Wednesday reflected the knowledge of a high-level insider who was in Libya that long night and was deeply involved in trying to react to events . His efforts to determine the circumstances of the attack and muster help for those under siege in eastern Libya were later praised by his superiors and by President Barack Obama . The step-by-step account riveted the Oversight Committee proceeding that was also marked by sharp partisan exchanges over the merits of continued congressional inquiries over the attack . What the Obama administration has said about the Libya attack Republicans once again accused the Obama administration of trying to cover up the fact that it was a well-orchestrated assault by militants , failing to adequately explain events to the public , and then refusing to cooperate with congressional investigators . Democrats once again accused Republicans of using tragedy for political gain . Hicks -- praised by Republicans as a "  whistleblower " but who says he has since been effectively demoted -- was joined at the witness table by Eric Nordstrom , a former regional security officer in Libya , and Mark Thompson , the State Department 's acting deputy assistant secretary for counterterrorism . Our goal "  is to get answers , declared committee chairman Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California . "  The administration , however , has not been cooperative . " Hicks described in personal detail how he missed Stevens ' initial call and then reached him by cell phone as the attack unfolded in phases . "  I got the ambassador on the other end and he said , ` Greg , we 're under attack . ' " He recounted the efforts of a security response team on site that drove back the attackers , and "  repeated attempts " by those on the ground to enter the burning compound to try and rescue Stevens and others . He then said that Stevens was at a hospital that was controlled by a group that he said Twitter feeds identified as leading the attack . Was it a trap to lure more Americans ? Then the worst news about his boss . "  I received a call from the prime minister of Libya . I think it 's the saddest phone call I 've ever had in my life . He told me that Ambassador Stevens had passed away , " Hicks said . Mother of Benghazi victim : I blame Hillary A slow-to-evolve explanation Oversight committee Republicans continued to go after televised remarks by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice five days after the attack . In them , she insisted it was the result of a spontaneous demonstration over an anti-Islam film that turned violent . GOP critics believe Rice was shielding Obama at the height of his re-election campaign during which there were times that he trumpeted U.S. successes in combating terrorism , including the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Administration officials say Rice was using official talking points that relied on the best available information at the time . Rep. Patrick McHenry , R-North Carolina , asked Hicks if there was any evidence early on that the attack was a protest . "  No , there was none , " Hicks said . "  I 'm confident Ambassador Stevens would have reported a protest immediately if one appeared on his door . " Hicks also said an inflammatory anti-Muslim YouTube video initially cited as a cause of the alleged protest was "  a non-event in Libya . " He previously insisted administration officials immediately knew the culprit was al Qaeda . "  I think everybody in the mission thought it was a terrorist attack from the beginning , " Hicks told investigators in interviews before the hearings . In fact , Hicks said during the hearing that he was told by the Libyan president soon afterward that elements with possible terror links were thought to be behind the assault . The veteran diplomat said his "  jaw dropped " and he was both "  stunned " and "  embarrassed " when Rice said the attack was a response to the YouTube video . Boehner calls for White House to release Benghazi emails Hicks also argued the U.S. military could have blunted the attack by scrambling intimidating military aircraft from Italy 's Aviano Air Base -- an assertion denied by Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey when he testified before Congress in February . Dempsey told Congress it would take up to 20 hours to scramble the aircraft to get to Benghazi ; Hicks said he believed it would take two to three hours . "  I was speaking from my perspective ... on the ground in Tripoli based on what the defense attache told me , " Hicks said when asked by Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , the top Democrat on the Oversight panel , asked Hicks if he had any reason to question Dempsey 's assertion . Finally , Hicks claimed four members of the military were ready to board a plane from Tripoli to Benghazi , but were prevented from doing so by their superiors . "  How did the personnel react at being told to stand down ? " asked Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah . "  They were furious , " said Hicks . "  I can only say , well , I will quote Lieutenant Colonel Gibson who said , ` This is the first time in my career that a diplomat has more balls than somebody in the military . ' " Pentagon officials insist the members of the military in question were told not to go to Benghazi because they were not equipped for combat , and were needed in Tripoli to care for wounded headed their way . Analysis : State Department failed to understand dangerous situation in Benghazi Nordstrom said in written testimony it was "  inexplicable " that a followup internal State Department review ignored "  the role senior department leadership played before , during , and after " the attack . In the run-up to the hearing , Issa trickled out testimony from the witnesses in an apparent attempt to build anticipation for the session , one of several that have occurred in Congress focusing on security at the compound and the administration 's response . Committee Democrats accused Republicans of engaging in a "  smear " campaign . "  What we have seen ... is a full-scale media campaign that is not designed to investigate what happened in a responsible and bipartisan way but rather a launch of unfounded accusations to smear public officials , " Cummings said . White House spokesman Jay Carney also weighed in , telling reporters that the Benghazi attack "  is a subject that has from its beginning been subject to attempts to politicize it by Republicans . " He defended defended the administration has "  made extraordinary efforts to work with " Congress on multiple investigations . Four Americans killed in Benghazi : Why ? Accusation of playing politics For its part , the State Department also accused House Republicans of playing politics with the tragedy . "  This is not sort of a collaborative process where the committee is working directly with us in trying to establish facts that would help , you know , as we look to keep our people safe overseas in a very complex environment , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said on Monday . Read the document  pdf Wednesday 's hearing is another chapter in what has become an epic back and forth between Democrats and Republicans on Benghazi , partly stemming from Rice 's televised comments . The comments are widely believed to have cost her a likely nomination to succeed Hillary Clinton as secretary of state . Some congressional Republicans previously sharply questioned Clinton over the administration 's explanation of events and the state of security at the compound at the time of the attack . Clinton has said that she accepted responsibility for the deaths , declaring that as secretary of state , she was "  in charge of the State Department 's 60,000-plus people all over the world . " In January , Clinton testified for more than five hours before the House and Senate Foreign Relations committees . In her testimony , she acknowledged a "  systematic breakdown " on Benghazi and said her department was taking additional steps to increase U.S. security at diplomatic posts . At one point at that hearing , Clinton barely controlled her anger as she responded to a lawmaker who pressed her on the administration 's post-attack storyline . Critics have questioned the validity of continued congressional scrutiny , especially Democrats , who say Republicans are only interested in discrediting the administration and hurting Clinton 's chances if she were to run for president in 2016 . Former deputy chief of mission in Libya : U.S. military assets told to stand down One Republican congressman , Ohio 's Jim Jordan , used the hearing to criticize top Clinton adviser Cheryl Mills . Hicks said he received a call from Mills , who he added was not happy that a State Department lawyer -- described by Republicans as a minder -- was excluded from a briefing on Benghazi in Libya with Hicks , a Republican congressman and others . Hicks has been "  praised by everybody who counts , the president , the secretary , everyone above him , " Jordan said . "  And yet now , they 're obstructing -- because he wo n't -- he wo n't help them cover this up . " But former Clinton aide Philppe Reines disputed that characterization , saying the State Department took a cooperative approach with Congress . He said in a written statement that Mills had , in fact , called Hicks to support him . "  She wanted  people on the ground in Libya  to know that no matter how far away they were from home , they were n't alone , " Reines said . "  She was with them , and most importantly  Secretary Clinton  was with them . "	State Department official says he never believed the attack was a protest Key lawmaker says administration is not cooperating with investigation Rep. Elijah Cummings accuses GOP of trying to "  smear " officials Another hearing witness said it was "  inexplicable " attack review ignored key points
Mogilnoye , Ukraine  CNN  -- In the Ukraine house where she grew up , Oksana Balinskaya 's hazel eyes transfixed on television images of Moammar Gadhafi . He was now a fallen leader , a fugitive sought for justice . He had been known as the ruthless leader of a pariah state , a butcher , a delusional man divorced from reality . But Balinskaya , 25 , who served as one of Gadhafi 's five Ukrainian nurses for nearly two years , had always seen him in a different light . She had checked his blood pressure , monitored his heart , stuck him with a needle to draw blood , gave him vitamins and pills for his ailments , though he did n't seem to have many . He was a healthy man . She even called him "  Daddy . " All the Ukrainian nurses did . It was a nickname they used to speak about him among themselves , without attracting attention . "  Daddy gave us jobs , money and a good life , " she said . Far removed now from the sands of Libya , Balinskaya sat at the kitchen table with her Serbian husband , looking upward at the boxy TV set atop the refrigerator . Images of Gadhafi 's fiery defiance flashed in the face of ouster . She would feel sorry for him if he were killed or captured , she said . "  Gadhafi was quite considerate to us , " she said . "  He would ask us whether we are happy and whether we have everything that we need . " Every September , on the anniversary of his rise to power , Gadhafi presented souvenirs to his Ukrainian nurses and other members of his inner circle . Balinskaya received a medallion and a watch etched with his picture . She took turns with the other nurses accompanying him on foreign trips , sometimes sparking rumors spread in the media about Gadhafi 's harem . All of what was being said about Gadhafi seemed contrary to what she knew about the man -- including the allegations by Gadhafi family nannies and domestic staff that they were tortured and abused . Gadhafi , she said , always treated her very well . Her job now lost to Libya 's civil war , she pitied the nation . "  If it were not for Gadhafi , who else would have built it ? " she said . "  It was he who constructed it . He has transferred Libyans from camelbacks into cars . " The rules were strict : No lipstick By the time Gadhafi visited Ukraine in October 2009 , Balinskaya had graduated from nursing school in Kiev and been working in the area of her native Mogilnoye for three years . But life was not easy in Ukraine ; she was making only $ 125 a month . She knew of opportunities in Libya and had already submitted an application for work there . It was an opportunity to make a better life for herself . Salaries were higher in Libya and she would receive housing and other perks . She had been waiting for about a month to hear back when Gadhafi arrived on his state visit to Ukraine . A meeting was arranged for him to meet six personal nurse candidates . Balinskaya was one of them . She knew little about Gadhafi then and felt nervous at their first meeting . Three of the six nurses had already worked in Libya and knew Arabic . Balinskaya thought she did not have a chance . Gadhafi greeted them but Balinskaya found nothing special in the selection process . "  I do n't know how he made the choice ; perhaps he was a good psychologist , " she said . She learned later that he understood people from that first handshake , from that first gaze into their eyes . Soon , she was on her way to Tripoli . Her job was solely to treat Gadhafi and his large family . The rules were strict . The attractive Ukrainian nurses wore no flashy makeup or revealing clothes . "  Our appearance was very humble so as to not attract anybody 's attention , " she said . "  We would never put on lipstick going to his house and have vivid colors in our clothes . " She was always surrounded by others -- Gadhafi 's wife , children , grandchildren , officials within his inner circle . "  None of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said . "  There was n't even a single room in his household where we could have possibly been left alone with him . " That 's why she was shocked by the gossip that Gadhafi had sexual relationships with his foreign nurses . Veteran Ukrainian nurse , Galina Kolonitskaya , 38 , who had worked with Gadhafi for nearly a decade , was described in a U.S. diplomatic cable posted by WikiLeaks as a "  voluptuous blonde " who "  knows his routine . " It said the Libyan dictator was deeply attached to her . "  Galina was the same kind of nurse as we all were , " Balinskaya said . "  She is of course a glamorous and very kind woman with a big heart . She helped me a lot . "  I do n't know who created this image about us nurses , as well as about his female bodyguards , " she said . "  How could anyone in sane mind assume that we could have had any intimate relationship with Gadhafi ? " Hoping to return to Libya Both Balinskaya and Kolonitskaya left Libya in February when the uprising against Gadhafi took root . But it was not just the threat of war that prompted Balinskaya to leave . She was pregnant then and had started showing . She returned to her native Mogilnoye , a village south of Kiev . Her husband Dejan , a 38-year-old Serbian businessman , joined her there . A month ago , as Gadhafi 's regime teetered , Balinskaya gave birth to a baby boy . Journalists were also eager to hear Kolonitskaya 's tales of Gadhafi , lining up at her apartment door . But she has avoided publicity . "  All that gossip about her is untrue , " Balinskaya said . "  She was totally fed up . There was too much attention on her for no reason . " The nurses , she said , had no personal relationship with Gadhafi . "  I can only say good things about him , " she said , thinking of the comfortable life she had in Libya , dreaming of how to make it happen again . "  I very much hope that we will return to Libya , " she said , flipping through an album with photographs of herself in Libya . Only , it will be a different Libya now . One without Gadhafi . Without "  Daddy . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko reported from Mogilnoye , Ukraine , and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	Oksana Balinskaya worked as a personal nurse to Moammar Gadhafi She says he treated her well ; was kind and considerate Talk of a sexual relationship between Gadhafi and his foreign nurses is untrue , she says Gadhafi gave her a good life , one she dreams about having again
CNN  -- Four people died when a school bus collided with a tractor-trailer at an intersection in Nebraska 's rural Webster County on Wednesday , the sheriff 's department said . Both drivers were both killed as well as two passengers on the bus , Webster County Sheriff Troy R. Schmitz said . The sheriff 's department did not immediately say whether any of the victims were children . The accident occurred at the intersection of County Road 1800 and Country Road R outside the town of Blue Hill , near the Nebraska-Kansas state line , Schmitz told CNN affiliate KHGI . The accident occurred between 4:30 p.m. and 4:45 p.m. local time , he said . Schmitz declined to release details about the accident , citing a pending investigation . How safe are school buses ?	A school bus and a tractor-trailer collided near Blue Hill , Nebraska , the sheriff says Both drivers have been killed , he says Also killed were two passengers on the school bus , he says
Rikuzen-Takata , Japan  CNN  -- At a hospital in northeastern Japan , the remnants of lives stolen in seconds are scattered on each of its four floors . Metal beds are bent , I-V bags are filled with muddy water , and blood pressure monitors sit underneath splintered trees . But Takata Hospital nurse Fumiko Suzuki does n't just see the damage , she hears the haunted screams of the patients she could not save . "  The patients could n't walk , " said Suzuki , recalling the moment the tsunami hit . "  I heard someone screaming , ` Auntie , I ca n't save you . I 'm sorry . ' Then she ran out of the room . " Suzuki said a glance out of the window revealed a wave as high as the fourth floor . The nurse said she told the patient "  I 'm sorry " as she raced up the stairs . "  If I tried to save this person who was lying on the bed , I would have lost my life as well , " she said . Suzuki pauses , grief etched on her face . "  It is the biggest regret I have , " she said of leaving patients behind . The tsunami following the 9.0-magnitude earthquake on March 11 engulfed every floor of the hospital just as Suzuki stepped onto the roof . At least 10,901 were killed nationwide . Of the 51 patients hospitalized , doctors and nurses could not move 12 and they drowned in their beds , said Mikihito Ishiki , a medical director at the hospital . One patient died as the hospital staff moved him to the roof while two more died on the frigid roof awaiting rescue . "  Ten of my staff also died with the patients , " Ishiki said . The doctor lost his staff , his patients and the hospital he proudly called his home . His wife remains missing and is presumed dead . As soon as rescuers plucked the doctor from the engulfed building , he started working from a makeshift clinic on higher ground . The doctor 's composure cracks as he lifts a handwritten note from a satellite phone sitting in his clinic . "  Yokosawa is helping us from heaven , " he reads , referring to a 60-year-old hospital administrator , Shigeru Yokosawa , set to retire in April . After the tsunami warning , Ishiki asked Yokosawa to find the satellite phone on the first floor of the hospital . Satellite phones are vital lines of communication after a natural disaster because phone lines are usually knocked out . Yokosawa got the phone and moments before a massive wave swallowed him , tossed it to a colleague , who ran to the roof . Seconds later , the tsunami engulfed the hospital . His sacrifice is part of the reason Ishiki wo n't leave this clinic , now fully operational and treating patients across Rikuzen-Takata . His fellow survivors tirelesslesly work along him . Suzuki , who brought her elderly and sick mother to the clinic , said the doctors and nurses ca n't feel guilty for surviving the disaster . "  When I hear that , " she said , "  it breaks my heart . It 's a natural disaster . They want to save everyone , but in this situation , they ca n't . " Suzuki said she is grateful to see familiar faces of her colleagues , and hope they realize they are making a difference in the present . She pushes her pain -- the loss of her home , her friends and her relatives -- to the back of her mind as she focuses on her patients . The town has given her not just a refuge from the pain , but donations of clothes for days she 's not wearing her nurse uniform . "  Whatever the situation , I will stay here . Talking with the patients will be my cure . I feel like I 'm not the one taking care of others , but the one being taken care of , " she said .	Doctors , nurses focus on caring for patients despite their losses The medical director 's wife is missing , but he refuses to leave the hospital "  It is the biggest regret I have , " a nurse says of leaving patients behind A March 11 tsunami kills doctors , patients at Takata Hospital
London , England  CNN  -- British troops will pull out of the notorious Sangin district of Afghanistan 's Helmand province to allow U.S. Marines to take over , British Defense Secretary Liam Fox said Wednesday . The British forces will redeploy to the central part of Helmand , leading the task force with Danish and Estonian troops there , while U.S. troops are positioned in the northern and southern parts , Fox said . "  This will simplify current command arrangements , " Fox told the House of Commons . "  The result will be a coherent and equitable division of the main populated areas of Helmand between three brigade-size forces . " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  closely consulted Britain about the plan , and British officials "  fully support " it , Fox said . "  In Sangin , UK forces have made huge progress in the face of great adversity , " he said . "  The district center has been transformed . Helmand as a whole is a safer place as a result of our endeavors and sacrifices there . " The switch of command in Sangin is in no way a defeat for British troops , but simply works well militarily , said Michael Clarke , director of the Royal United Services Institute , an independent defense and security think tank in London . "  It never made much military sense to put troops into the northern areas of Sangin , Musa Qala and Kajacki in the first place , " Clarke said , "  but in 2006 they were sent there at the insistence of  Afghan  President  Hamid  Karzai , and once established , any pullback would have represented a victory for the Taliban . " With the arrival of 18,000 U.S. Marines in the region by the end of August , it makes sense for the British troops to reorganize themselves and reinforce their numbers in central Helmand , Clarke said . It will make the British force more effective and safer , he said . The political fallout of the move , however , is unpredictable , Clarke said . When the British ended operations in the southern Iraqi city of Basra last year , it was under similar circumstances , but still appeared as a "  furtive retreat , " he said . "  The image at home that Britain was giving up a job it could no longer handle was impossible to shake off , " Clarke said . "  The same may attach to Sangin . This war is as much about image and perception as it is about who controls the ground in Afghanistan . "	British troops to leave Sangin district of Afghanistan 's Helmand province U.S. Marines will take over in Sangin , British defense secretary says British forces will move to central part of Helmand NEW : Analyst says move is not a defeat and that it makes sense
CNN  -- New Jersey Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno is expected to "  categorically deny " allegations Monday that she gave Hoboken 's Mayor an ultimatum regarding Superstorm Sandy recovery aid . Guadagno 's denial flies in the face of claims made by Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer , who said Sunday that Guadagno told her to support a redevelopment project backed by Christie or lose Sandy recovery funds . Zimmer also connected Christie to the threat , saying that Guadagno told her the message was coming directly from Christie . Appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Zimmer said , "  She said that to me -- is that this is a direct message from the Governor , " Zimmer said , referring to Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno , who Zimmer said approached her in a parking lot in May to deliver the message . Hoboken mayor : ` It 's true ' Christie administration withheld Sandy funds The alleged incident happened last May after Guadagno toured a grocery store that had reopened after suffering $ 10 million in flooding damage from Sandy . The lieutenant governor recalls having a conversation with Zimmer that day , but says she remembers Zimmer arguing that Sandy recovery aid and redevelopment were the same issue , according to the source close to Guadagno , who was not authorized to speak publicly . "  Kim remembers in their conversation that she was talking about redevelopment and making investments in Hoboken . She remembers Zimmer pressing Kim for money for Sandy . Kim remembers saying you ca n't tie the two together , " the source said . "  And she remembers Zimmer continuing to press and showing her a map of the city and pressing for aid for Sandy . " Catching up with the Christie scandal Guadagno remembers it as a "  friendly conversation , " the source said . "  Zimmer was laser-focused on getting Hoboken money for Sandy recovery and that is not the role Kim Guadagno plays in the administration , " the source said . She remembers telling Zimmer that the administration would like to do more to redevelop Hoboken , but she does n't recall talking to her specifically about The Rockefeller Group project . But the source said Guadagno , a veteran prosecutor and former county sheriff , is still going through her records , preparing for a possible subpoena . In remarks Monday morning -- at a volunteer event in Union Beach , New Jersey honoring the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Day of Service -- Guadagno is expected to make the point that , "  My job in the governor 's office is to oversee redevelopment and reinvestment in New Jersey , " the source said . In fact , a governor 's directive prevents Guadagno from working on the Sandy recovery efforts because she was personally affected by the superstorm -- her home in Monmouth Beach was damaged by the storm , the source said . She was at the Hoboken grocery store in her role as an advocate for the state 's business community . "  Kim ca n't talk about Sandy , " the source said . "  She ca n't do it . " And Guadagno twice returned to Hoboken after that May visit -- once spending more than two hours touring farmers ' markets with Zimmer -- and the Hoboken mayor never brought up the May conversation or indicated that it had upset her , the source said . Zimmer 's comments Saturday and Sunday are a change from what she told CNN on January 11 . She said then that while she wondered whether Sandy aid funds were being withheld because she did n't endorse the governor 's re-election , she concluded that "  I do n't think that 's the case . " "  I do n't think it was retaliation and I do n't have any reason to think it 's retaliation , but I 'm not satisfied with the amount of money I 've gotten so far , " Zimmer told CNN then . She did not mention her concerns about the redevelopment project . CNN "  s Leigh Ann Caldwell contributed to this report	New : New Jersey Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno says accusations by Hoboken Mayor are "  false " Guadagno says she did not deliver an ultimatum on behalf of Gov. Chris Christie Her remarks will be the first time a senior Christie official has addressed the charges Hoboken 's Mayor says Guadagno told her that Sandy relief funds hinged on her backing real estate venture
United Nations  CNN  -- It took decades to stamp out smoking inside the United Nations . Now the U.N. may have another vice : drinking . The United States ambassador for management and reform , Joseph Torsella , issued a rare public scolding , by U.N. standards , on personal behavior Monday . He warned the U.N. 's "  fifth committee " panel that negotiating rooms "  should in the future be an inebriation-free zone . " U.S. diplomats say there has been excessive drinking surrounding traditional late-night meetings , especially during Christmas-time budget negotiations held by the fifth committee , which handles administration and budgetary matters . No countries were formally named . However , Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin appeared to take some responsibility for his staff when he told CNN Wednesday "  there should be no drinking during business sessions . And I 'm going to give very clear instructions to that effect to my delegations . " Several other diplomats denied witnessing drinking during work hours . British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant told CNN , "  Of course in diplomacy there are a lot of receptions ... people may have a drink , but it 's never come into negotiations . " The United Nations headquarters is n't exactly a frat house , but the combination of diplomats , staff , press corps and long hours can spark a relaxed atmosphere . There used to be a bar inside a ` delegates lounge , ' but because of building renovations in 2010 , there are now few places to get a drink or eat after 3 p.m. . It appears some delegates are bringing liquor into the building . A deputy spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , Eduardo Del Buey , said : "  I do n't think it 's up to the secretary-general to tell the member states how to behave . It 's up to the individual governments of the member states . " The most famous drinking story erupted overseas nearly three years ago when a senior U.N. official under Ban went on a drunken spiel aimed at his boss during a dinner . He reportedly said "  I know you never liked me , Mr. Secretary-General ; well , I never liked you either . " Sha Zukang , undersecretary-general for economic and social affairs , later apologized . Torsella , who issued the drinking warning , has also been on the warpath against excessive business-class travel by U.N. staff who travel overseas . He told his colleagues , "  Let 's save the champagne for toasting the successful end of the session and do some credit to the committee 's reputation in the process . " Asked about drinking after the meetings , Churkin replied with a smile : "  After is a private matter . We all have our private lives , do n't we ? " U.N. demands Syrian rebels release peacekeepers CNN 's Anna-Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	U.S. ambassador for management admonishes budget negotiators for drinking Late-night meetings spur drinking , especially at Christmas , U.S. diplomats say Senior U.N. official insulted the secretary-general after a few too many in 2010
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats and Republicans squared off in the 50th annual Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park Thursday night . Unlike the midterm elections , the Republicans never led in this one , falling to the Democrats 8-2 in front of more than 7,000 people . Freshmen Rep. Cedric Richmond , D-Louisiana , shone on the mound for the Democrats going five innings before giving up a hit . "  We gained 87 seats in the last election , they gained three but one of theirs is a pitcher from New Orleans , Cedric Richmond , who I do want to point out to Mr. Richmond that the Congressional salary is $ 175,000 . The Major League minimum salary $ 350,000 and I know the owner of the Astros and the Texas Rangers , " said Republican coach Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas . While Democrats and Republicans were adversaries on the field , Democratic coach Rep. Mike Doyle , D-Pennsylvania , says he hopes events like this can help make bipartisanship a little more likely on Capitol Hill . "  It gives us a chance to get to know one another and it helps a lot when you see someone on the floor that you played ball with , you have something else in common with them , " Doyle said . "  You 're going to give them the benefit of the doubt and be a little bit more civil . " Barton agreed . "  It does , it honestly does help , " Barton said . "  We spend a lot of time on the floor talking baseball ; that makes it easier when we do try to talk policy . " Congress played their first baseball game in 1909 with a few interruptions such as the Great Depression and World War II . Ticket proceeds from this year 's game raised more than $ 150,000 for The Washington Literacy Council and The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington .	The Republicans fall to the Dems 8-2 Participants say the event helps improve relations The event raised money for literacy and childrens charities in Washington
Washington  CNN  -- More than 15 million surge protectors are being recalled for posing a potential fire hazard , the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the manufacturer announced Thursday . Seven hundred instances of APC SurgeArrest devices overheating or melting have been reported , according to a press release from the safety commission . Thirteen people were hurt and 55 claims were made for damage caused by smoke and fire . The recall includes corded surge protectors manufactured before 2003 by Schneider Electric IT Corporation . "  The affected products may present a fire hazard under infrequent , abnormal building wiring and electrical conditions , " the company said . "  This hazard has been reported in a small percentage  less than 0.01 %  of the units sold and included reports of property damage , mostly involving damaged nylon carpeting . " Thirty-two model numbers of the company 's "  7 series " and "  8 series " devices are included in the recall and can be found on the company 's website , recall.apc.com , or by calling 8884374007 The safety commission urges the public to stop using the surge protectors , and to contact the company for a replacement .	The surge protectors were manufactured by Schneider Electric IT Corporation prior to 2003
Iran 's parliament could pick the country 's leaders "  in the distant future " rather than having Iranians elect a president by popular vote , the Islamic republic 's supreme leader suggested Sunday . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei floated the idea in a speech to university students in western Iran 's Kermanshah province on Sunday , according to a transcript posted on his website . Though he couched the idea in conditional terms , his remarks come amid an ongoing power struggle between the country 's clerical leadership and its outspoken president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . "  The current political system of the country is presidential , and the president is elected directly by the people . This is a good and effective system , " said Khamenei , who has led Iran since 1989 . "  But if one day , possibly in the distant future , it is felt that a parliamentary system is more suited for electing those responsible for the executive branch , then there would be no problems in making changes in the system . " Khamenei raised the subject himself after being asked about reaching ideals such as justice and freedom under the Islamic system . His allies dominate the Majlis , Iran 's parliament , as well as the judiciary , and they have been critical of Ahmadinejad in recent months . The supreme leader backed Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed his hotly disputed 2009 re-election , urging Iranians to accept the results of the balloting when protesters in the streets declared it a fraud . Khamenei presided over a crackdown on the demonstrations , during which security forces were unleashed on crowds and activists were prosecuted and jailed . But Sunday , he noted that the Islamic republic 's founder , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , eliminated the post of prime minister in the 1980s and suggested the same thing could be done for the presidency . "  Of course , any change and modernization and reviewing of policies must be based on Islamic principles . The changes must also conform with the Constitution , " he said . But he added that the Iranian system can manage change "  without deviation from the path " of the 1979 revolution that ousted the country 's Western-allied monarchy and brought the ayatollahs to power .	Iran could have parliament pick leaders "  in the distant future , " Khamenei says The suggestion comes amid a power struggle with Ahmadinejad Supreme leader cites Khomeini as a precedent
