CNN  -- A tide of border crossings by children mostly from Central America is not expected to end soon , and some in Congress blame President Barack Obama for policies they claim opened the floodgate . Holding centers in Texas can no longer accommodate large numbers of children and mothers traveling alone with their kids , forcing the federal government to open additional facilities . One is in Nogales , Arizona , where pictures of unaccompanied children lying on the floor of a large barren facility raised concerns of a humanitarian crisis . But Nogales Mayor Arturo Garina said the site , which serves as an overflow center for up to 1,000 , is addressing the immediate need for shelter . "  I 'm very comfortable with what I saw , " he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " He said there are makeshift cafeterias and medical centers and that telephone banks and computers have been set up to process people and contact relatives . Border crossers Unaccompanied children and partial families from Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala make up the majority of those crossing the border , creating a delicate situation for states , the federal government and immigrants . Of the 1,200 or so crossing the Rio Grande in eastern Texas every day , up to 400 are unaccompanied children , said Rep. Henry Cuellar , a Texas Democrat who represents the district where most of the crossings occur . "  This is a humanitarian crisis , " he said in a phone interview , adding that the government has to figure out how to feed , diaper and care for the children as young as infants . Many of the immigrants use rafts to cross the Rio Grande , equipped with instructions to follow the river until reaching the Border Patrol site to surrender . The illegal immigrants include a group of Honduran girls , some as young as 14 . One told CNN she did so "  because I want to see my parents in Austin . " The Obama administration is not releasing the statistics or much information about the recent influx . But Chris Cabrera , a labor leader for Border Patrol agents , told CNN that he expects 60,000 unaccompanied children will cross the border this year . The Migration Policy Institute has kept track and said that about 8,000 minors crossed alone in any given year . But there was a sharp increase in 2011 , including 10,000 in U.S. custody that summer . "  You 're talking kids from 17 years old on down to some that are 5 or 6 years old , traveling by themselves , " Cabrera said . Last year , roughly 10 % of people caught by Border Patrol agents were minors , according to an agency official . Why are they coming ? Some members of Congress say Obama 's policies and a lack of enforcement are to blame . "  The President has sent the message out he is not going to enforce the law , " Rep. Steve King , an Iowa Republican whose commentary on immigration reform drew sharp criticism , told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  That message has echoed out . " Critics , such as King , point to Obama 's decision in 2012 to stop most deportations of young people brought to the United States as children . Garina said that could be the reason children are coming in droves , but many involved in the issue say the reasons are much broader and complex . A recent United Nations report that interviewed 400 young immigrants points to a difficult and complicated web of reasons , including difficult-to-escape gang and societal violence in Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador as well as dire economic situations and the desire to reunify with their parents or family members in the United States . State outrage Texas has been so overwhelmed that federal officials are transporting busloads of immigrants , including minors , to Arizona . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer slammed the move . "  Not only does the federal government have no plan to stop this disgraceful policy , it also has no plan to deal with the endless waves of illegal aliens once they are released here , " she said in a statement . After the children have been processed , the are transferred to Department of Health and Human Services run facilities at Lackland Air Base in Texas or Ventura County Naval Base in California . The administration announced that a third facility in Fort Sill , Oklahoma , which will house up to 1,200 minors . Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallon also criticized the decision , questioning if the site is really going to be a temporary fix or turn into something more permanent as the number of young immigrants is expected to keep increasing . "  I am dismayed by what appears to be an endless cycle of illegal immigration , temporary housing and eventual amnesty for those who have broken our laws . Today 's news is the latest in a long line of policy missteps that the American people are paying for . " What 's next U.S. law prohibits the Department of Homeland Security from immediately deporting the children if they are not from Canada or Mexico . Instead , the children are turned over to Department Health and Human Services supervision "  within 72 hours of DHS taking them into custody , " an official said . Relatives living in the United States are searched for and contacted and the immigrant is given a court date . But very few actually show up and the children often become one of the millions of undocumented immigrants . Obama declared the crossings "  an urgent humanitarian situation requiring a unified and coordinated federal response . " Earlier this month , in a memo to the heads of executive departments and agencies , he announced an "  interagency Unified Coordination Group to ensure unity of effort across the executive branch in responding to the humanitarian aspects of this situation . " The group will oversee coordination with state , local and other agencies . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson is establishing the group . In a statement , he said that "  addressing the rising flow of unaccompanied children crossing our southwest border is an important priority of this administration and the Department of Homeland Security . " The administration is also forced to ask Congress for more money to address the higher-than-expected number of cases . Cuellar , who sits on the House Appropriations Committee , said the administration originally asked for $ 800 million to address the matter , but that number has gone up to $ 2.1 billion . Obama vows urgent action as children make perilous illegal journey into U.S. Supreme Court setback for underage visa applicants CNN 's Gustavo Valdes , Nick Valencia and Josh Levs contributed to this story	Up to 400 unaccompanied children are crossing the Texas border each day Most of the children are coming from Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala Overflow holding facilities have been opened to accommodate the youth Nogales , Arizona , Mayor says the facilities are "  better than expected "
CNN  -- A Microsoft executive took to the tech giant 's official blog Wednesday to take an uncharacteristically direct shot at rival Apple . "  Seems like the RDF  Reality Distortion Field  typically generated by an Apple event has extended beyond Cupertino , " wrote Frank Shaw , Microsoft 's vice president of communications . "  So let me try to clear some things up . " Shaw was referring to coverage of Apple 's rollout of two new iPads -- the iPad Air and revamped iPad Mini -- and other announcements . Among them was news that the company will begin giving away its iWork suite of productivity apps for free . "  Now , since iWork has never gotten much traction , and was already priced like an afterthought , it 's hardly that surprising or significant a move , " Shaw said . "  So , when I see Apple drop the price of their struggling , lightweight productivity apps , I do n't see a shot across our bow . I see an attempt to play catch up . " Apple did not respond to a request for comment for this story . Shaw is pressing one of Microsoft 's remaining advantages over its rival . While Apple has dominated the mobile field and made strides in computer sales , Microsoft Office -- which includes tools like Word , Excel , PowerPoint , Outlook and Skype -- is still viewed as the far superior productivity product by most . The "  reality distortion field " Shaw referenced is a catchphrase often used by Apple critics to describe the sometimes breathless coverage the company gets in the tech press and elsewhere for even minor announcements or upgrades to existing products . "  Perhaps attendees at Apple 's event were required to work on iOS devices that do n't allow them to have two windows open for side-by-side comparisons , " he said in another dig . Shaw went on to compare Microsoft 's tablets , the Surface and Surface 2 , favorably to the iPad . He noted that the Surface tablets are less expensive than comparable iPad models , offer more storage and come with full versions of Office 2013 for free . His claims are accurate . But they do n't change the fact that the Surface has struggled to make a splash in a tablet market that the iPad continues to dominate . Earlier this month , documents revealed Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer saw a bonus check docked because of lower than expected Surface sales . Meanwhile , at Tuesday 's event , Apple CEO Tim Cook announced that 170 million iPads have been sold since the device was introduced in 2010 . He said studies show 81 % of all tablet usage happens on an iPad , despite recent gains by Samsung and others making tablets running Google 's Android operating system .	Microsoft VP : "  Reality distortion field " surrounds Apple this week Vice President Frank Shaw calls Apple tools "  struggling , lightweight " This week , Apple announced iWork will be offered for free
CNN  -- Four people were killed and one seriously injured in an explosion at a Chevron Corp. refinery in western Wales , the refinery 's general manager said early Friday . The blast at the refinery in Pembroke occurred at a storage tank that was undergoing maintenance Thursday evening , police and fire officials said . It was not immediately clear what caused the explosion , said Police Chief Superintendent Gwyn Thomas . The incident was under investigation . "  This news is utterly devastating , " the refinery 's general manager , Greg Hanggi , said in a statement released Friday by Chevron . Hanggi described those killed and injured as contractors at the refinery . It was not immediately clear from the statement what the five contractors were doing at the time of the explosion . One contractor who was injured in the explosion was being treated for "  serious injuries , " Hanggi said in the statement . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	An explosion occurrs at a storage tank that was undergoing maintenance , officials say Chevron 's refinery manager identifies the dead and wounded as contractors Authorities say it is not immediately clear what caused the explosion
St Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- It 's been described as the solution to a problem nobody realized existed . But that has n't stopped the humble Post-it Note from becoming a ubiquitous fixture of stationery cupboards worldwide , with manufacturers 3M producing 50 billion each year . The sticky yellow squares did not always look destined to set the office supply world alight . In fact , it took 12 years from when the technology behind the product was first developed , to Post-its hitting the market . The story of the Post-it -- the self-attaching note that adheres in such a way that it can be removed without causing damage -- begins in 1968 . Spencer Silver , a chemist for the giant multinational Minnesotan company 3M , was attempting to develop a better adhesive . "  It was part of my job as a researcher to develop new adhesives , and at that time we wanted to develop bigger , stronger , tougher adhesives , " he said . "  This was none of those . " What he came up with were microspheres , which retained their stickiness and had a "  removability characteristic , " allowing attached surfaces to be peeled apart easily . For years he struggled to find a use for his invention , preaching the merits of his creation to unreceptive colleagues . "  I got to be known as ` Mr Persistent , ' because I would n't give up , " he said . Read more : The coder club turning out tween tech prodigies But it never found a practical application , until in 1974 he was approached by a 3M colleague , Art Fry , who had heard him talk about his microspheres at a company seminar . Fry had been in church for choir practice , grappling with a regularly occurring problem with his hymnbook , when he had his "  eureka moment " -- "  the one where you get the adrenaline rush , " he says -- regarding the way Silver 's microspheres could potentially help . During his Wednesday night choir practice , Fry would bookmark his hymnbook with pieces of paper -- but by Sunday morning they would have fallen out . "  I thought what I need is a bookmark that would stick to the paper without falling off and but not damage the sheets , " he said . When the team started writing messages on the notes to communicate around the office , they realized the full potential of the idea . "  I thought what we have here is n't just a bookmark , " said Fry . "  It 's a whole new way to communicate . " Not everyone saw the value in the idea , says Fry , but the team continued to lobby for their idea and eventually in 1980 , after extensive market testing , 3M released the product on to the market . From that point , the Post-it was unstoppable . Read more : Materials that magically mend "  The Post-it notes took off so rapidly that I think it left a lot of people in marketing and sales gasping a little bit , " said Silver . It spread "  like a virus , " said Fry . "  It was always a self -- advertising product , " he said , because customers would put the notes on documents they sent to others , arousing the recipient 's curiosity . "  They would look at it , peel it off and play with it and then go out and buy a pad for themselves . " Silver says that like many winning innovations , the Post-it was a product nobody thought they needed until they did . "  It 's like having a cell phone with a camera on it , " he said . "  Who would have thought that would have been useful for anything but you ca n't buy one these days without a camera or music on it . " The make-up of the Post-it 's adhesive strips remain a closely guarded secret , protected by the patents on microspheres . "  Because we did n't patent it , we did n't have to tell people how we make it , " said Fry , whose car license plate reads "  POSTIT " . "  This is a product that looks so simple but is very high tech . " People wrongly assume the co-inventors of the Post-it must be extremely wealthy , he said , but they have had great careers out of the invention , and he now enjoys a "  comfortable retirement . " The real satisfaction though , says Silver , is seeing a product they created embed itself in the culture -- featured in films , office mosaic pop-art and the daily lives of millions . "  You see these computers  in movies  that are just festooned with Post-it notes , " he says . "  The fact that the Post-it notes just exploded as a product is more than I could ever hope for . "	More than 50 billion of 3M 's Post-it notes are sold every year Hit product reached market 12 years after it was invented 3M employee , Art Fry realized potential of Post-it Notes in church Once the product was released in 1980 , it spread "  like a virus , " he recalls
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents and producers share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and Stan Wilson visited San Quentin for "  Black in America : The Black Man " which rebroadcasts tonight at 8 p.m. ET . "  I want to have everything that an average American would want , " said Chris Shurn who served time in prison . OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Chris Shurn walked out of San Quentin Prison in June after serving four years of hard time for possession of crack cocaine and a weapon charge . He joined at least 3,000 men paroled each year in Oakland , California , where the recidivism rate is more than 50 percent . When our documentary team first met Shurn inside San Quentin in 2008 , he considered himself one of the lucky ones . At 21 , he entered prison with a fourth-grade education , but left with a GED certificate and was only a few semesters short of earning an associate degree . Shurn told us there were few role models around him as a kid . He said his father left home before he entered the first grade , his mother was a crack addict and he was surrounded by a lot of violence . Ironically , San Quentin is where Shurn met the kind of role models he said he needed to break the cycle of incarceration . His hard work and determination to change caught the eye of Everett Highbaugh , who runs a program called Project Choice . Twice a week , Highbaugh goes into San Quentin with the goal of transforming men like Shurn from drug entrepreneurs to business entrepreneurs . Upon his release , Shurn replaced his dreadlocks and prison uniform with casual attire and a neatly manicured haircut . He said he felt relieved after the harsh conditions of prison life , but said he struggles every day in his Oakland neighborhood to resist the temptations of making easy money by selling crack cocaine . "  I want to have a family . I want to own a house . I want to have everything that an average American would want ; a good-paying job , a career , " he said . But the odds are against him . Nearly 1 million black men are behind bars , an especially crippling blow to black communities , where one in three black men will have a prison record in their lifetimes . They leave behind communities filled with fear , broken families and a generation of vulnerable children . After Shurn left San Quentin , Highbaugh was in contact with him twice a week and helped him land a part-time job at Goodwill Industries . At Goodwill , Shurn spent 30 hours a week in a labor-intensive job , stacking goods and preparing them for shipment . "  I remember reading a lot of these very same books in prison , " said Shurn as he was busy working . He was grateful to have a job , but frustrated because it paid so little , $ 7 an hour . That job lasted only a few months . When we caught up with him in January , he had been unemployed for a while . As he sat in Oakland 's Oracle Arena watching the inauguration of President Barack Obama , he wondered how he was going to help support his girlfriend and her daughter and earn enough tuition money to continue working toward his degree . Shurn has moved a few times , but is still hoping for success , still fighting against long odds , particularly in a severely debilitated job market . He 's hopeful that his hard work and the skills he learned through Project Choice will be a much better alternative than making easy money on the street -- a certain pathway back to prison . "  Every day of my life , with or without work , I feel vulnerable , " said Shurn . "  Instead of waking up every day and going to a 9-to-5 ; I used to wake up and go outside and sell some drugs and have my money for a whole week . " "  It crosses my mind , but I got to a point where I 'm disciplined and do n't need to venture into it . " A few weeks ago , Shurn was hired as a courier for a local printing business . The job pays $ 9 per hour ; $ 2 more than his previous job . He says the new job wo n't be enough to pay all the bills , but his goal is to build a résumé so future employers will take a chance on an ex-convict who 's trying to recover from a mistake that cost him four years of his life .	Chris Shurn served four years in San Quentin Prison Shurn earned a GED and nearly completed an associate degree in prison He currently makes $ 9 per hour as a courier and hopes to return to college "  Every day of my life , with or without work , I feel vulnerable , " says Shurn
CNN  -- A Chinese man was executed on Tuesday for keeping six women in a dungeon as sex slaves and killing two of them , state media reported . The official Xinhua news agency said that Li Hao had been convicted of murder , rape , illegal detention , organized prostitution and making pornography for profit in 2012 . The 36-year old dug the dungeon in the basement of a residential compound he bought in 2009 , Xinhua said . The six women Li tricked into coming home with him were held there for between two and 21 months . Li repeatedly raped the women , forced them to appear in pornographic web shows from March to April 2011 and made them have sex with customers for a brief period , it added . The death penalty had been approved by the Supreme People 's Court , Xinhua said , after a higher court upheld the sentence handed down by the Luoyang Intermediate People 's Court in November 2012 . Li was executed "  according to law " after meeting relatives in a detention house in Luoyang , Henan province , a statement issued by the Supreme People 's Court said , according to Xinhua . Three of the women held captive were also found guilty of murder over the killings of two of their fellow captives , the report said . However , the court was lenient in its judgment of the women because of the circumstances in which they were held , finding they acted under instruction , and in one case coercion , from Li . One of the women was sentenced to three years in prison and the other two were placed on probation .	Chinese man executed for keeping six women as sex slaves and killing two of them Li Hao convicted of murder , rape , illegal detention , prostitution and making pornography 36-year old dug the dungeon in the basement of a residential compound Li met with relatives before being executed
Vienna , Austria  CNN  -- Autumn 1960 in Baghdad . Five heads of state sign on the dotted line to alter the course of energy for decades to come . Wednesday , as the OPEC oil cartel celebrates its 50th anniversary , its 12 members sit atop just more than three quarters of the world 's proven oil reserves -- more than 1 trillion barrels of crude . While there has not been any independent verification of that number , OPEC 's secretary-general says it is something for which global markets can plan . "  A trillion plus -- the reserve is very , very accurate , " Abdalla Salem El Badri told CNN , ahead of the regular Thursday meeting of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries . "  We know the numbers ; we put this number in our data . We distribute the numbers and we are sure that our proven reserves are more than a trillion . " With oil recently hitting a five-month high of $ 83 a barrel , the Vienna meeting is less about setting a target price and more about compliance with production quotas and future planning . The former has always been a challenge , since the 12 members try to jockey for market share and fill their domestic coffers when prices are historically high . According to OPEC estimates , compliance by member states is running at about 57 percent , well below the 80-percent level in the spring of 2009 . It 's because as the economy recovers , there has been more demand for oil , so OPEC members produce above their assigned allocations . OPEC updated its daily global demand for crude this week ahead of the gathering , saying it will average 85.59 million barrels a day this year for a gain of just 1.3 percent on the year before . The year 2011 is not a great deal more promising , with OPEC saying demand will rise only 1.2 percent next year . These numbers are nearly in line with those from the International Energy Agency . So in this tepid recovery scenario , ministers are not eager to rock the boat . If they can keep oil prices in the range of $ 70-85 a barrel , where they have been for the better part of a year , their priorities for domestic infrastructure development can be met without stifling global growth . According to the Center for Global Energy Studies in London , in the current pricing scenario , the 12 OPEC member states will bring in $ 625 billion dollars this year , again historically high for the cartel . The challenge is not so much now , but in the medium term . Ministers here are talking about spare capacity -- basically the ability to produce more oil when demand justifies such action . That demand is not expected in the next 18 months , but certainly in the next two to three years , because of the growth of China and , less so , India . Most of the spare capacity today sits in Saudi Arabia , which led a drive to take 4.2 million barrels off the market in the autumn of 2008 , when prices went from $ 147 down to $ 33 . It is not clear , here at OPEC 's new headquarters and within the lobbies of the hotels where the delegates are staying , that members are re-investing at a pace to respond to the potential challenge in the near term . In the medium term , there is also the serious issue of in-fighting between long-term rivals Iran and Iraq . On October 4 , Iraq upgraded its reported proven reserves to 143 billion barrels -- a sudden rise of 24 percent . Long neglected under the rule of Saddam Hussein and sanctions that targeted the energy sector , oil exploration in Iraq suffered immensely over the past two decades . Iraq has aspirations to challenge Saudi Arabia over the next decade and produce 12 million barrels a day . One week after Iraq 's declaration , Iran upped the stakes and said that its own proven reserves suddenly surged 9 percent , to just more than 150 billion barrels -- not by accident higher than Iraq . As one veteran oil executive said here during a conversation , this verbal jostling is "  silly and lacks credibility . " The face of OPEC for more than a quarter of a century , Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani , Saudi Arabia 's oil minister from 1962 to 1986 , suggested an independent third party analysis of OPEC 's reserves . "  We have to make a study by some people outside the countries you 've mentioned , " Yamani told CNN at his home near Geneva , Switzerland . "  I do n't know whether they exaggerated or they did not . I want , I need a neutral  analysis  . " During Yamani 's time and through the mid-1990s , the in-fighting within OPEC was legendary . Member states would convene at top hotels in all corners of the world with displays of wealth and meetings that could last a week or longer . That era has passed , and at 50 , the institution is much more business-like with meetings lasting no more than a day . After its hard-fought gains over the past decade to provide some predictability , many here hope that some within the organization do n't go back to their previous ways .	OPEC ministers meet Thursday in Vienna to discuss oil prices Member countries sit atop more than three quarters of world reserves OPEC is also marking its 50th anniversary
CNN  -- The Social Security Administration has just announced that beneficiaries will receive a 3.6 % cost-of-living adjustment in January . The average retired worker will see a $ 512 increase in annual benefits -- from $ 14,232 to $ 14,744 -- though a portion will be offset by higher Medicare premiums . Social Security recipients have had to wait two years for a cost-of-living adjustment , the first time this has happened since the COLA was introduced in 1975 . This is because the COLA was relatively high in 2009 because of a temporary spike in energy prices the previous year , and this was followed by a period of low inflation as the economy languished . With a super committee focused on cutting $ 1.5 trillion from the federal budget , you may wonder whether we can afford a 3.6 % COLA . Some say the increase is overly generous  more on this in a moment  . To understand why this is not so , you need to understand how the COLA works . The Social Security COLA is based on the Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers , or CPI-W . Oddly enough , the CPI-W measures changes in the cost of living for workers , excluding retirees and other Social Security recipients who are n't in the labor force . But this measure does n't accurately reflect the cost of living for seniors . Seniors have experienced higher inflation because they spend a greater share of their incomes on out-of-pocket medical expenses , and health costs have risen faster than overall inflation in recent decades . An index that specifically tracks the cost of living of seniors has risen roughly 0.2 percentage points faster per year than the CPI-W . Though this may not sound like much , the difference would amount to roughly $ 1000 more in annual benefits after 20 years if the COLA was tied to the price index for the elderly , as proposed by Democratic Rep. Ted Deutch of Florida . But rather than increasing the Social Security COLA to keep up with escalating health costs , most inside-the-beltway discussions these days revolve around adopting a lower COLA as a way to help close Social Security 's modest projected shortfall . The super committee may be considering such a move . This is a terrible idea for two reasons . First , Americans across the political spectrum prefer to restore balance through revenue increases rather than benefit cuts ; and second , a COLA cut has the greatest impact on the oldest old , who also tend to be the poorest old . A recent survey commissioned by the Institute for Women 's Policy Research and the Rockefeller Foundation found that 61 % of women and 54 % of men supported increasing Social Security benefits . This is n't surprising when you consider that benefits are modest and replace a shrinking share of preretirement earnings even without additional cuts . Nor is this an anomaly : Polls have consistently found that Americans oppose benefit cuts and are willing to pay higher taxes to strengthen the program . So what 's the appeal of a flatter COLA for beltway budget cutters ? It 's a stealth benefit cut masquerading as a technical fix . The rationale is that the current price index overstates inflation because it does n't fully account for the ability of consumers to change their buying habits in response to price changes . In other words , if the price of oranges goes up , people will buy more apples and fewer oranges , and this change is n't fully reflected in the CPI-W even though the consumption "  basket " evolves over time to put more weight on apples and less on oranges . The problem with this argument is that it does n't look at the growth in costs actual beneficiaries face over time . Not only are seniors harder hit by escalating medical costs than the working-age population , but since they have roughly half the household incomes , they spend a greater share on necessities like rent and utilities . It 's quite possible that the CPI-W actually overstates the ability of beneficiaries to substitute apples for oranges , or IPods for orthopedic shoes . If so , then a 3.6 % COLA is not enough , not too much . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Monique Morrissey .	Social Security recipients will get a 3.6 % cost-of-living-adjustment in 2012 Monique Morrissey says it 's overdue ; others say it 's too generous during these hard times She says COLA is based on inflation index for workers and does n't show seniors ' cost of living Morrissey : Calls to reduce COLA bad idea ; polls show Americans support increase , not decrease
What is it about Americans and guns ? How much time do you have ? "  I can tell you that I do n't think there 's any other developed country in the world that has remotely the problem we have , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said after the shooting rampage at a Colorado theater in July killed 12 people . Now , a school shooting in Connecticut claims 20 young children and six adults , possibly more once the full story is known . In between , there have been other shootings including at a shopping mall earlier in the week in Oregon . Opinion : Now is the time to talk guns , mental illness There are an estimated 270 million guns in the hands of civilians in the United States , making Americans the most heavily armed people in the world per capita . Yemen , a tribal nation with no history of strong central government or the rule of law , comes in a distant second . From Washington to the well-stocked shelves of Walmart stores nationwide , guns are regarded in the United States as a commonplace if controversial consumer item for millions of law-abiding hunters , collectors and citizens concerned about their safety . They are also in the hands of thousands of killers , too ; a Washington-based anti-gun lobby says those guns shoot more than 100,000 people a year . In 2010 , there were more than 30,000 deaths caused by firearms when the number of homicides , suicides and accidental deaths are tallied . Read more : Obama treads carefully on gun ban America 's collective memory -- of the Wild West in the 1800s , the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King half a century ago and rampages like Columbine in 1999 or Virginia Tech in 2007 -- is marked time and time again by guns . "  It 's undeniable , " writes Clayton Cramer , author of "  Armed America : the Remarkable Story of How and Why Guns Became as American as Apple Pie . " "  Guns are at the center of much of America 's history , its legends , and its horrors . " There were guns in America long before the America we know today was even born . Early settlers in several states were required by law to own and maintain weapons as a matter of collective defense . By the time the United States was established , its citizens had taken up arms not only against their Native American neighbors but the army of their own king . Their new Constitution reflected that in its Bill of Rights , declaring that "  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . " Opinion : Mourn , and take action on guns For more than two centuries , that remained an important but largely overlooked guarantee , subjected to a modest series of controls . But in 2008 and 2010 , landmark Supreme Court rulings gave that constitutional right sweeping new power , dramatically diminishing the authority of state and local governments to limit gun ownership . Gun-friendly state lawmakers have been active , too . Roughly half of the 50 U.S. states have adopted laws allowing gun owners to carry their guns openly in most public places . About as many states have "  stand your ground " laws that allow people to kill if they come under threat , even , in some cases , if they can escape the threat without violence . The laws are being driven by politics , and the politics are being driven by groups such as the National Rifle Association . Once a relatively modest organization of gun enthusiasts and hunters , it has become one of the most powerful political groups in the country . The Washington Post estimates that the NRA succeeded in helping elect four out of every five candidates it endorsed in the 2010 congressional election . In addition to that extraordinary impact in Congress , it has been working to overturn gun-control laws in the courts . Timeline : School violence in the U.S. . The NRA and other gun-rights groups have allied themselves with the Republican Party and , especially , a sector of the American public suspicious of government intrusions into private life and often flatly hostile to Washington . "  When they tell you that a government ban on certain firearms will somehow make you safer , do n't you believe it , not for a second , because it 's a lie just like the lies they 've told you before , " NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told a gathering of his members in 2011 , after a gunman killed six people and wounded 13 , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . "  Their laws do n't work . " Poll results suggest most Americans would n't agree . CNN and Gallup surveys going back years suggest that Americans are split between those who approve of current gun-control laws and respondents who would like to see them made more restrictive . Americans who 'd like no controls at all are a small minority . Last year 's nearly fatal shooting of Giffords did n't move her state or federal colleagues to adopt any new gun control measures . America is by no means unique to this type of gun crime . But America seems to be the place the whole world thinks of when apparently ordinary people use guns for grotesque acts of violence . America stands alone in its historic and cultural attachment to guns . America stands armed . 10 ways to put brakes on mass shootings in schools	Another month , another shooting spree in in the U.S. But after previous murderous rampage , American attitudes do n't change much Americans are most heavily armed people per capita , with Yemen a distant second Mann : World thinks of U.S. when apparently ordinary people use guns for grotesque violence
CNN  -- The Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day of Service is inspiring people across the country to volunteer this holiday weekend . But if you 're itching to do more -- perhaps turning your next family vacation into a series of teachable moments about the importance of giving back -- there are plenty of opportunities to make that happen . More than Disney A trip to Orlando can easily involve service . Just 20 minutes from Walt Disney World is a theme park called Give Kids the World Village . Its 70-acre grounds host 7,000 children with life-threatening illnesses every year . "  We partner with more than 250 wish-granting organizations around the world to help fulfill a child 's one wish to visit the beloved theme parks of Central Florida , " says Colette Krahenbuhl , a spokeswoman . "  If a child 's wish is to swim with the dolphins , we are the destination . If a child 's wish is to get a hug from Mickey Mouse , we help make that happen . " The resort relies heavily on volunteers . Since its founding in 1986 , more than 50,000 volunteer "  angels " have been put to work . Children as young as 12 can help out by scooping ice cream and serving meals , and children who love performing can even be part of the evening entertainment . The minimum commitment is one three-hour shift . Sweat-soaked volunteering If your family wants a physically demanding volunteer vacation , the Sierra Club and local trails organizations offer unique , sweat-soaked opportunities . For as little as $ 400 , a family of four can spend four to five days with the Adirondack Mountain Club -- meals , lodging  usually tents  , transportation and equipment included . You 'll be doing much-needed trail maintenance , and reconstruction projects and your kids will be taught outdoor survival skills . But hikers beware : "  While we know children have a lot of fun on these trips and they are exposed to an incredible experience , it can certainly be challenging , " warns Wes Lampman , the club 's director of north country operations . The club does n't have age restrictions , but parents are urged to use their best judgment regarding their child 's interest and physical ability . Trips are offered June through October . Chelsea Clinton : We can make a difference Good works and decent lodging The Sierra Club offers volunteer trips year-round at some of the country 's top tourist destinations . At Arches National Park and Bryce Canyon in Utah , parents and children can assist in removing unwanted vegetation , while in Marin County , California , families can help protect endangered Coho salmon and Steelhead trout . All meals and equipment are included , but the fee for joining is significantly higher . Helping out next October along the New Jersey Seashore , especially meaningful after Hurricane Sandy 's devastation , will cost $ 595 per person . But if you 're looking to spend a week away from home -- doing good and staying in hotel-style lodging -- this trip may still be a bargain . Pauline Frommer , co-host of the nationally syndicated radio program "  The Travel Show " and speaker at this year 's New York Times Travel Show , says volunteer vacations offer children what they often do n't get enough of in school . "  As volunteers , children can get down on the ground , " says Frommer , who recommends Global Volunteers trips . "  They can get dirty . Unlike any other kind of travel , kids will get to better understand different people and their communities and their problems . " Hiking to help others Trekking for Kids merges one-of-a-kind hiking expeditions to places such as Machu Picchu in Peru and Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania with the ability to help orphans in those communities . "  Children are increasingly living a multicultural global existence , " says Cindy Steuart , executive director of the nonprofit travel group . "  By being intimately involved in these service projects , they learn they can contribute to the greater good and make a difference . Our trips teach kids this lesson from the moment they sign up . " That 's because Trekking for Kids does n't let parents just write a check and have their kids show up . Each participant pays his or her own expenses and commits to raising $ 1,000 . Children have raised money by holding bake sales , asking family and friends for donations and conducting tag sales . "  We think this increases a child 's personal stake in the trip . Kids become more passionate , " Steuart says . All money raised is poured into the orphanage the family will eventually visit , she says . As you plan your family 's volunteer vacation , Frommer suggests keeping the following in mind : How long has the organization been in business ? Do volunteers come back ? Ask to speak with past volunteers ; they are likely to be candid about their experiences . No matter which organization you partner with , Steuart says your child will likely learn an invaluable lesson . "  They 'll understand the world is not just about them . It 's about how others struggle to live and what we can do to help . I think that 's the kind of world Martin Luther King wanted . " A life celebrated through service Allison Gilbert writes about parenting for CNN Living . She is the author of "  Parentless Parents , " "  Always Too Soon " and "  Covering Catastrophe . "	Children with life-threatening illnesses can get their wishes at Orlando 's most famous parks The Sierra Club and other groups offer opportunities for families to do good and sweat Trekking for Kids requires participants to raise money for the orphanages they visit Kids come to "  understand the world is not just about them , ' travel group leader says
PESHAWAR , Pakistan  CNN  -- As a little girl , Maria Toor Pakay would beat up boys . Maria Toor Pakay has overcome unusual adversity to rank among the world 's top 100 squash players . Now , she dispenses of anyone who takes her on within the walls of a squash court . Pakay , 18 , is Pakistan 's No. 1-ranked women 's squash player . But what makes her story remarkable is that she hails from the country 's tribal region of South Waziristan . The region , along the border with Afghanistan , is home to the Taliban . There , suicide attacks are a way of life . And the militants , bent on imposing a strict form of Islamic law , punish girls who attend school -- let alone play sports . "  They have no future , " Pakay said . "  They spend their entire lives in four walls in their home . Their ability is destroyed . " But Pakay was n't like most girls growing up . She sported a buzz cut and mixed with the boys . "  If someone argued with me , I used to beat them up , " she said . "  I wanted them to obey me all the time . " Her father , Shams-ul-Qayum Wazir , knew early on that his daughter was different . "  I did n't want her talent to go to waste , " he said . "  If I would 've kept her in the village , all she could do was housekeeping . " Watch Pakay talk about her life 's mission " So , Wazir packed up the family and moved to Peshawar , the capital of the North West Frontier Province . Here , Pakay picked up the racquet and swatted down the competition with ease -- first winning the Under-13 championship , then the Under-15 , then the Under-17 . In squash , players take turns hitting a ball to the front wall of a court , until one misses . Pakay , it turned out , rarely did . "  I thought nobody could beat me , " she said . "  From the beginning when I played squash , I thought I could be a world champion . " Today , despite the lack of a sponsor and few resources , Pakay has gone pro -- and is ranked 91st in the world . Her father 's sacrifice , she said , made her success possible . "  I think I have a great father -- so broad-minded , " she said . For his part , Wazir -- a teacher -- was more circumspect . "  I sacrificed because I want to promote a message of peace , " he said . "  If the tribal people pick up a racquet instead of a gun , there would be peace . "	Maria Toor Pakay , 18 , is Pakistan 's No. 1-ranked women 's squash player She hails from the country 's tribal region of South Waziristan , home to the Taliban There , militants impose strict Islamic law , punish girls who even attend school Despite risks , lack of a sponsor , Pakay has gone pro , is ranked 91st in the world
CNN  -- Bangladesh 's Cabinet decided to inspect the safety and security of all garment factories Monday after last week 's deadly building collapse , state news reported . At least 398 people were killed when a factory collapsed at Rana Plaza in Savar , a Red Crescent official told CNN , and up to 2,773 people survived . Under the inspection plan , a committee led by a state minister would visit the factories and submit a report to the government about the safety measures , Cabinet Secretary Mosharraf Hossain Bhuiyan told reporters . The panel includes the ministries of home , labor , disaster management , textiles , defense , industries and environment . M.S. Akbar , chairman of the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society , said the rescue operation might be completed by Tuesday or Wednesday . At least two bodies were pulled from the wreckage Monday , but no survivors were found . Rescuers are now using heavy machinery to remove wreckage at the site of the collapsed building , suggesting the hunt for survivors of the disaster is coming to an end . "  It is hardest for those family members who do not know if their loved ones are dead or alive or trapped , " Akbar said . The chances of finding more survivors were dim "  unless there 's a miracle . " Many workers hailed from the country 's north Most of the factory workers were between the ages of 18 and 22 , said Morshed Ali Khan , editor of the local Daily Star newspaper . Most were impoverished residents from the country 's northern region who went to the city to find work . Many were parents with children still waiting for them to come home . Khan has seen several hundred families looking for loved ones each of the past five nights . "  A strong stench of rotting human flesh has taken over the scene . It is very hard to stand next to the site , " he told CNN . Yet children and their grandparents still waited at the scene Monday . They said they would camp out at the site until they get the body of their loved one , Khan said . Some relatives have lost work while waiting at the site . Many sleep on the street or quietly clutch a photo . One man was talking to himself with a photo of his son in his hand . Some have given up hope of finding their relatives alive . "  Yesterday a woman told me , ' I want the dead body of my daughter so I can take her dead body home to bury , ' " Khan said . Rescue efforts Rescue teams have been combing through the debris since Wednesday morning , when the nine-story building collapsed and buried thousands of garment workers . "  We will proceed extremely cautiously , " Brig. Gen. Ajmal Kabir told reporters at the scene Sunday . Sunday evening 's rescue efforts were disrupted by reports that a fire had broken out as workers tried to cut through mangled metal trapping a woman identified only as Shahana . Shahinul Islam of Bangladesh 's Inter Services Public Relations -- a department of the Ministry of Defense -- told reporters that the fire was put out shortly afterward , but it was not clear what happened to the woman . Local media reports said she died . The commercial building , containing five garment factories , several shops and a bank , was in Savar , about 45 kilometers  27 miles  from the capital , Dhaka . Cracks had appeared in the building structure a day before the collapse , but garment workers were told to come in despite their concerns that the building was unsafe . Authorities have arrested seven people : three factory owners ; two government engineers ; the owner of the building , Sohel Rana , a local leader of the ruling Awami League who was caught as he tried to flee the country ; and Rana 's father . OPINION : Who really pays for our cheap clothes ? John Sifton , Asia advocacy director at Human Rights Watch , told CNN that while people should be held accountable , Bangladesh 's government and the garment industry must also take steps to protect their workers . He said research conducted by Human Rights Watch indicated that there were only 18 inspectors for the 100,000 factories operating in and around Dhaka . "  What this tragedy really needs to result in is stricter labor laws , stricter safety laws and the government coming to terms with the reality that it ca n't just supply all these workers without giving those workers their rights . "  There are only so many tragedies like this that can happen before Western retailers and Western buyers ... realize that they are going to go elsewhere , not because they necessarily can get lower prices but because the scandal is too much . " Journalist Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong and Aliza Kassim reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Harmeet Singh and Joe Sterling and journalist Farid Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll up to 398 , Red Crescent Society says Many were parents with children still waiting for them to come home , local editor says Red Crescent says the chances of finding someone alive are very remote Most of the factory workers were between ages 18 and 22 , the editor says
CNN  -- Afghan and coalition soldiers killed more than 30 insurgents , including 13 would-be suicide bombers , as they fought off assaults on two military bases and government buildings in eastern Afghanistan , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  said on Sunday . The attacks , which happened Saturday morning , were led by Haqqani network insurgents and were against Forward Operating Base Salerno and Forward Operating Base Chapman , ISAF said . Both bases are located in Khost province , a volatile region on Afghanistan 's rugged border with Pakistan . The Haqqani network is a militant group with ties to al Qaeda . Insurgents clad in U.S. military uniforms and wielding rocket-propelled grenades and small arms launched simultaneous attacks on the two bases , ISAF said . ISAF had previously reported more than 20 insurgents had died in the fighting . Thirteen of the insurgents killed were wearing suicide vests , ISAF said , adding that Afghan and coalition soldiers followed up on intelligence tips and later captured a commander involved in planning the attacks . "  The insurgents ' attempts to attack ISAF or Afghan government facilities were defeated again . The insurgent leadership who direct these ill-conceived attacks far from the actual battlefield knows their low-level fighters have no chance of success against these targets , " Brig. Gen. Josef Blotz , an ISAF spokesman , said in a statement . Separately on Sunday , ISAF said Afghan and international forces captured a senior Taliban commander in Logar province . Zia Ul-Haq is accused of helping foreign fighters and suicide bombers get into the capital , Kabul . He was captured along with a sub-commander and another insurgent on Wednesday , ISAF said in a statement . Chapman is the same base where a suicide bomber killed seven CIA officers late last year .	Thirteen would-be suicide bombers killed in simultaneous assaults on military bases The attacks were in Khost province , a volatile region on Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan ISAF previously said more than 20 insurgents were killed in the fighting
CNN  -- Neighbors expressed shock as details emerged Wednesday in the case of a 17-year-old Missouri boy found handcuffed to a stainless steel support pole in his family 's basement . He had been there since September , police say . Friends and neighbors said the Kansas City teen was mentally challenged , and they were heartbroken to see him taken by ambulance to a hospital . "  You give birth to this child and you are going to handcuff it and lock it and not feed it and not give him water ? How do you not take care of your child ? " said Ashley Reppy , who lives close to the family and spoke to CNN affiliate KSHB Wednesday . In a police report released Wednesday , officers described the victim as dressed in dirty clothes and his "  face was sunken in on the sides and his eyes had a look of desperation . " The teenager told police that he had been handcuffed in the basement since September , that he was unchained three times a day to go to the bathroom and that he was given only instant oatmeal , Ramen noodles and bologna sandwiches to eat . Reppy said she had often seen the victim sleeping on the front porch because his family would n't let him in the house . Her cousin reported the alleged abuse to a children 's division hot line of the Missouri Department of Social Services , she said . The victim 's older brother had told them that the victim had hit his mother and was "  on permanent house arrest , " she said . "  We cried a lot yesterday because we 're friends with him , " Reppy told CNN affiliate WDAF . "  You know , three and a half months seems kind of long for him to not be in school , " Reppy told KSHB . "  His friends would come over and knock on the door , and  the victim 's stepmother  told them that he was out of town . " Kansas City Police spokesman Officer Darrin Snapp told CNN Wednesday that he could not comment on the case because it is still under investigation . Jim Roberts of the Clay County Prosecuting Attorney 's Office said the victim 's parents have not been charged . A digital camera and numerous photographs discovered at the home were sent to the Kansas City Regional Crime Lab . The victim was taken to the North Kansas City Hospital for further treatment before he was placed in the custody of the Clay County Children 's Division , the police report said . A 2-year-old child also living at the residence was placed in state custody , authorities said . "  State law prohibits release of information specific to a case or individual , so I can not confirm nor deny involvement in a case , " Rebecca Woelfel , the communications director for the Missouri Department of Social Services , said in an e-mail to CNN . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The 17-year-old Kansas City boy was mentally challenged , neighbors say Friends reported alleged abuse at the boy 's family home The boy was handcuffed in the basement , freed for only three bathroom breaks a day The boy was treated at a hospital and placed in county custody , authorities say
Amtrak police are searching for a retired San Francisco firefighter who went missing while traveling to visit family in Montreal . Charlie Dowd , 69 , left the Bay Area on Wednesday . He last spoke to his son by cell phone Thursday night , saying he was just outside of Denver , Colorado , his family said . When Dowd 's train arrived in Chicago on Friday , he was not on it . His luggage , cell phone and medication were found in his sleeping car , the family said on a Facebook page they set up to find him . His daughter said Dowd is under a doctor 's care and may need medical attention . "  He has medical needs and does need his medication for high blood pressure and heart disease , " Jennifer Dowd told CNN affiliate KGO . "  He is diabetic , but for medical reasons we obviously want him . We need to know where he is . " An Amtrak conductor may have spoken with Dowd early Friday near Omaha , Nebraska , one of the stops along the route , the family said . Dowd was confused about his whereabouts and believed he was in an apartment , not on a train , and needed to find the front door , the family said . Amtrak is investigating the possibility that Dowd got off the train during the night and may have gotten disoriented , and then did n't get back on , the family said . The train stopped overnight in Fort Morgan , Colorado , and in the Nebraska cities of McCook , Holdrege , Hasting , Lincoln and Omaha . Amtrak Police said they are working with local police departments at those stops and at BNSF , which owns the railroad . Jennifer Dowd flew to Omaha on Sunday to look for her father . She said her brother , Kevin , went to Chicago and her cousin , Robert Stevens , is going to all of the stops along the route to search . Charlie Dowd has gray hair and blue eyes , wears glasses , and is 5 ' 10 " tall . The family asks anyone with information to contact Amtrak Police or the family at http://www.facebook.com/MissingPersonCharlieDowd . Crews search after cruise passenger goes overboard	Charlie Dowd was on his way from San Francisco to Montreal last week He was not on the train when it arrived in Chicago Police found his phone , luggage and medication on board His family says he may be disoriented and needs medical attention
CNN  -- Seven former high-ranking Bosnian Serb military and police officials were convicted Thursday for their roles in the notorious 1995 Srebrenica massacre , the war crimes tribunal in The Hague said . The men were found guilty of a range of crimes including genocide , extermination , murder , and persecution , according to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  . The trial was the largest one to date held at the tribunal , the ICTY said . More than 7,000 Muslim men and boys were killed in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica in 1995 when ethnic Serb troops overran a United Nations safe area . The five-day slaughter was the worst European massacre since World War II and was described by the U.N. War Crimes Tribunal as "  the triumph of evil . " The Serbian Parliament officially condemned the massacre in March . The ICTY found Vujadin Popovic , chief of security of the Drina Corps of the Bosnian Serb Army , and Ljublisa Beara , chief of security in the army 's main staff , guilty of genocide , extermination , murder , and persecution over the genocide and sentenced both of them to life in prison . Drago Nikolic , chief of security in the Zvornik Brigade , was found guilty of aiding and abetting genocide , extermination , murder , and persecution and sentenced to 35 years in prison . Ljubomir Borovcanin , deputy commander of the Special Police Brigade of the police forces , was convicted of aiding and abetting extermination , murder , persecution , and forcible transfer . As a superior , he was also convicted of murder as a crime against humanity and as a violation of the laws of customs of war , and sentenced to 17 years in prison . Radivoje Miletic , the chief of administration for operations and training at the main army staff , was found guilty of murder by majority , persecution , and inhumane acts , specifically forcible transfer . He was sentenced to 19 years in prison . Milan Gvero , assistant commander for Moral , Legal and Religious Affairs of the main army staff , was found guilty of persecution and inhumane acts and sentenced to five years in prison . He was acquitted of one count of murder and one of deportation . Vinko Pandurevic , commander of the Zvornik Brigade , was found guilty of aiding and abetting murder , persecution and inhumane acts and sentenced to 13 years in prison . He was acquitted of charges of genocide , extermination and deportation . The trial opened in August 2009 and ended in September last year . The court head from 315 witnesses and examined 5,383 exhibits . The court found the attack began with an order from former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic to the army 's Drina Corps to create "  an unbearable situation of total insecurity with no hope of further survival or life for the inhabitants of Srebrenica and Zepa , " the court found . At least 5,336 identified people were killed in the executions following the fall of Srebrenica , the court found , but it said the number could be as high as 7,826 considering the lack of evidence about the killings . "  The scale and nature of the murder operation , with the staggering number of killings , the systematic and organized manner in which it was carried out , the targeting and relentless pursuit of the victims , and the plain intention -- apparent from the evidence -- to eliminate every Bosnian Muslim male who was captured or surrendered proves beyond reasonable doubt that this was genocide , " the trial chamber found . "  In the context of the war in the former Yugoslavia , and in the context of human history , these events are arrestive in their scale and brutality . " Popovic was found to be one of the major participants in the massacre , the court said . He was present at a number of sites where captured Bosnian Muslims were detained or executed between July 13 and 23 , 1995 , the court said . "  Popovic knew that the intent was not just to kill those who had fallen into the hands of the Bosnian Serb forces , but to kill as many as possible with the aim of destroying the group , " the court said . Beara was the "  driving force behind the murder enterprise , " the court found . He made personal visits to the various detention and execution sites and "  had a very personal view of the staggering number of victims destined for execution . " Borovcanin was not aware of the murder plans in advance , the court found , but he failed to try to stop them once he became aware . Borovcanin was also present at a warehouse where he saw more than 1,000 Bosnian Muslim men detained and a busload of dead bodies out front , the court said . "  After seeing the evidence of executions , Borovcanin removed himself and his men from the ... warehouse as quickly as he could , " the court said . "  The chamber found that Borovcanin had the means to protect the remaining prisoners and knew that it was probable that the prisoners would be killed . His failure to protect them substantially contributed to the full-scale execution which later took place . " Pandurevic actually opened a corridor on July 16 to allow a column of Bosnian Muslims to move to an area held by Bosnian Muslim forces , contrary to orders he had received , the court said . After the corridor was closed , Pandurevic 's men found 10 wounded Bosnian Muslims who were then taken to a hospital , in Pandurevic 's custody , the court said . Pandurevic was told that Popovic would come to take the 10 wounded men , and they were later killed . The court found Pandurevic did not possess the intent to murder to the 10 men , but that he knew it was "  probable " they would be killed once they were transferred into Popovic 's custody . "  By failing to intervene , Pandurevic failed to discharge his legal duty to protect the wounded prisoners and therefore substantially contributed to the murder of these 10 men , " the court found . A total of 21 people have been indicted for crimes committed in Srebrenica , the court said . Karadzic and three others are currently on trial . Ratko Mladic , the wartime leader of the Bosnian Serb Army , has been charged with genocide and remains a fugitive .	Tribunal convicts seven Bosnian Serbs over Srebrenica massacre Men convicted of genocide , extermination , murder , and other charges 7,000 Muslim boys and men were killed in the 1995 massacre Killing was worst European massacre since World War II
CNN  It was a busy week for trending stories . If you were n't online much , here 's some of the best of what you missed : After the New York area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday . Amanda Curtis , CEO of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot . In rural China , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice . Until now . Families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners , because the strippers are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice . RDJ grew increasingly agitated as a Channel 4 interviewer from the UK asked about his private life on Tuesday . Oh , those Kardashians . They seem to spawn a new trend every other week . The latest : Lip plumping . By sucking on a jar . To look like Kylie Jenner . Seriously . It even has a hashtag : #KylieJennerChallenge . With help from some filmmakers , 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time . A prom-posal that referenced bombs ? One school would n't have it , but the prom-poser accuses administrators of racism . Ewan McGregor to play Lumiere in ` Beauty and the Beast ' This cast continues to draw lots of interest on social media . Johnny Depp is nearly unrecognizable in the ` Black Mass ' trailer This chameleon strikes again . Here 's one way to announce you 're pregnant : reference "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air . " And a military dad photobombs his son ? Kudos for originality this week .	What do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and Kylie Jenner have in common ? They all trended this week !
This year is on track to be one of the hottest , if not the hottest , year on record , a U.N. agency reported Wednesday , citing preliminary estimates . The estimates were released by the World Meteorological Organization to coincide with annual climate change negotiations taking place in Lima , Peru . "  What we saw in 2014 is consistent with what we expect from a changing climate . Record-breaking heat combined with torrential rainfall and floods destroyed livelihoods and ruined lives . "  What is particularly unusual and alarming this year are the high temperatures of vast areas of the ocean surface , including in the Northern Hemisphere , " said World Meteorological Organization Secretary-General Michel Jarraud . NOAA : 2014 is shaping up as hottest year on record According to the organization , estimates for this year show the average air temperature over land and sea for January-October was about 1.03 degrees Fahrenheit  0.57 degrees Centigrade  above the average of 57.2 degrees F  14.00 degrees C  for the 1961-1990 reference period , and 0.16 degree F  0.09 degree C  above the average for the past 10 years . If the rest of 2014 plays out as expected , this year will be the hottest on record , ahead of 2010 , 2005 and 1998 . "  The provisional information for 2014 means that 14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all occurred in the 21st century , " Jarraud said . "  There is no standstill in global warming . " Your chance of being struck by lightning is climbing , climate scientist says	The estimates are released to coincide with annual climate change negotiations World Meteorological Organization head : "  There is no standstill in global warming "
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Islamist militants gained ground in one Malian town on Monday even as government troops stepped up their offensive to wrest control from rebels . Militants have taken control of the central town of Diabaly , French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said , according to CNN affiliate BFM TV . Word of the rebel advance on Monday came as the U.N. Security Council met to discuss the conflict in Mali , where Islamist rebels have been seizing territory for months . World leaders from a number of countries have said they 'll send troops or provide logistical support for the fight against Islamist militants in the West African nation . France took the international lead in assisting Mali over the weekend , with military airstrikes targeting rebel training camps and other targets . Officials said France 's intervention last week was necessary to stop a rebel takeover of the capital , Bamako . "  Our assessment was that they  the rebels  were actually able to take Bamako . So we decided that what was at stake was the existence of the state of Mali , and beyond Mali was the stability of all west Africa , " said Gerard Araud , French ambassador to the United Nations . "  We had no other choice to launch this military intervention . " Read more : France aims to ` eradicate ' terrorism in Mali The United States has promised to help the French effort , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday . That assistance could include logistical and intelligence support . "  I commend France for taking the steps that it has . And what we have promised them is that we will work with them to cooperate with them and to provide whatever assistance we can to try to help them in that effort , " Panetta told reporters on his plane en route to Portugal . The United States has already started sharing intelligence from satellites and intercepted signals with the French , defense officials said on Monday . In addition , the Pentagon is considering sending refueling tankers so that French jets can fly longer , more sustained combat missions , according to the officials . Drones "  are under consideration , " the defense officials said , though the military 's stash of unmanned aerial vehicles is in heavy demand . Both stressed that these would be surveillance drones and said there are no plans yet to deploy them . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland , meanwhile , said the United States is reviewing a number of requests from the French , but that no decisions have been made . The United States , she said , is "  not in the position to support the Malian military directly until we have democratic processes restored by way of an election in Mali . " It was unclear Monday when France 's role in the military offensive would end , and whether there could be consequences beyond Mali 's borders . "  There are risks in France and in other countries as well , " Le Drian told BFM . "  We are extremely vigilant in that regard . " Malian Foreign Minister Tieman Hubert Coulibaly said Monday that it was unclear how long clashes with Islamist militants would last . "  Clearly , for us it 's not just about making them retreat , " he told BFM . "  It is necessary to chase them out . " Coulibaly said his country was grateful for France 's assistance , which it "  urgently requested . " And Mali may call on other countries such as the United States for military aid , he said . "  It is a problem which is currently in Mali , but which concerns the whole civilized world . And those who are in action against Mali could attack the rest of the world , " he told BFM . "  It is a cancer which could have spread if we had not intervened , of course , with the precious aid of France . " Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali France has several hundred ground troops in Mali , and nearby West African nations have pledged to send hundreds of troops to join in the fight . Nigeria , which already has a technical team on the ground in Mali , expects to have troops in the country by next week , a presidential spokesman told CNN . He declined to say how many soldiers would be deployed . Officials from the United Kingdom and Germany have said they 're considering offering logistical support to the Malian government as it fights insurgents controlling the north . As French fighter jets bombed rebel strongholds over the weekend , both sides of the fight said they were determined to win . "  France 's goal is to lead a relentless struggle against terrorist groups , preventing any new offensive of these groups to the south of Mali , " France 's Defense Ministry said in a statement . Islamist rebels in Mali acknowledged Sunday they suffered heavy losses in fights with the country 's military and French troops , but they said it would n't stop them . "  The war has only started , " said Sanda Ould Boumama , a spokesman for the al Qaeda-linked rebel group Ansar Dine . "  We expect more casualties . " He accused the French military of attacking Malians . "  Now the world can see that it 's the French who are the real terrorists , " he said . French and Malian military officials say the assaults are against rebel strongholds , not civilians . Read more : Who is Ansar Dine ? On Monday , Amnesty International called on all sides in the conflict to protect civilians . The rights groups also urged the international community to support the deployment of human rights monitors . "  There are real concerns that the fighting might lead to indiscriminate or other unlawful attacks in areas where members of armed Islamist groups and civilians are intermingled , " Paule Rigaud , Amnesty International 's deputy director for Africa , said in a statement . "  The international community has a responsibility to prevent a fresh surge in abuses during this new phase of the conflict . Forces involved in armed attacks should avoid indiscriminate shelling at all costs , and do their utmost to prevent civilian casualties , " he added . A French colony until 1960 , Mali had military rulers for decades until its first democratic elections in 1992 . It remained stable politically until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , saying it had not provided adequate support for them to fight ethnic Tuareg rebels in the country 's largely desert north . Tuareg rebels , who 'd sought independence for decades , took advantage of the power vacuum and seized swaths of land . A power struggle then erupted in the north between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals , who wound up in control of a large area as the Tuaregs retreated . The United Nations says amputations , floggings and public executions -- like the July stoning of a couple who had reportedly had an affair -- became common in areas controlled by radical Islamists . They applied a strict interpretation of Sharia law in banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and damaged Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines . A recent video posted online purports to show Islamic extremists from the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa cutting off the hand of a thief and flogging another man , accused of having sexual relations with a girl with "  mental deficiencies . " In the video , the supposed crimes of the men are read aloud before the punishments are carried out . A small crowd , including children , cheer . Already , the armed groups ' activity and a pervasive drought have displaced hundreds of thousands of Malians . And the Islamists ' movement southward has raised concerns among leaders in West Africa and elsewhere , some of them calling for swift and decisive military intervention in support of Mali 's government , based in Bamako . The U.N. Security Council last month authorized a one-year military peacekeeping mission in the country . Members of ECOWAS , the Economic Community of West African States , pledged thousands of troops , and the Security Council has urged other nations to contribute forces as well . The Security Council met Monday to receive an update on Mali . Following that meeting , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , said there may be a need for a new Security Council resolution . The United Nations said preparations are under way for a U.N. multidisciplinary team to go to Bamako soon . Nigeria , Niger , Burkina Faso , Togo , Senegal and Benin are among the countries that have pledged to send troops , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told reporters Monday . Mali 's northern neighbor , Algeria , will close its border with Mali , Algeria 's state news agency , Algeria Press Service reported . A spokesman for Germany 's Foreign Ministry said the country 's leaders were considering offering medical , logistical and humanitarian aid to Mali . Two British military transport aircraft have been assigned to help with the French troop deployment , but no British forces will be in a combat role , said Mark Simmonds , minister for Africa for the British Foreign & Commonwealth Office . "  The ferocity and fanaticism of the extremists in northern Mali must be not be allowed to sweep unchecked into the country 's capital , " Simmonds told British lawmakers Monday . "  France , which has an historic relationship with Mali , is quite rightly in the lead . In the coming days , we will be focused on the regional and international diplomacy we must achieve to check this emerging threat . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Dana Ford , Chris Lawrence , Dheepthi Namasivayam , Vladimir Duthiers , Saskya Vandoorne and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense officials : U.S. has already started sharing intelligence with the French NEW : "  We had no other choice , " says the French ambassador to the United Nations NEW : The U.N. Security Council meets to discuss the Malian conflict Official : Terrorism in Mali "  is a cancer which could have spread if we had not intervened "
EW.com  -- Judge Judy Sheindlin 's holiday brainstorm turned into a new court show that 's already been sold in 75 % of the country . While vacationing in Ireland and observing the country 's three-judge panels , Sheindlin came up with "  Hot Bench " â $ " a new daily show from CBS TV Prods . that 'll pretty much to the same thing but on TV with judge Patricia DiMango and attorneys Tanya Acker and Larry Bakman . "  When my husband Jerry and I were in Ireland recently , we visited the courts and watched a three judge bench , which I found both fascinating and compelling , " Sheindlin said in a statement . "  I immediately thought what a terrific and unique idea for a television program that brings the court genre to the next level . We have assembled three individuals with extremely varied backgrounds to serve as the judges . They are smart and talented , with terrific instincts and great chemistry , and are sure to create a ` hot bench . ' " "  Hot Bench " will launch in the fall on station groups like Tribune Broadcasting Company , Sinclair Broadcast Group and Cox Media Group , among . It 'll air mostly in afternoon time periods . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Judge Judy came up with the idea on vacation "  Hot Bench " will feature a judge and two attorneys The new show will launch in the fall
CNN  -- If you 're even remotely familiar with Boston 's Southie neighborhood and the Irish gangs that once dominated it , you know who James "  Whitey " Bulger is . Bulger eluded federal authorities for more than 16 years before his arrest in June 2011 . Now 85 , Bulger is a convicted murderer , serving the rest of his life in prison for a litany of crimes , including his role in 11 murders , although he 's appealing his conviction . His crimes were thoroughly detailed throughout his high-profile murder trial , but here are six things you might not know about this infamous Boston gang leader : 1 . He 'd rather be in Alcatraz Already in prison for armed robbery , Bulger was sent to the now-defunct federal prison on Alcatraz Island off San Francisco 's shoreline in November 1959 after allegedly planning a prison escape in Atlanta . He spent three years in Alcatraz before his eventual release in 1965 . Shortly after Bulger 's 2011 capture , Alcatraz historian and author Michael Esslinger wrote to the imprisoned Bulger asking for details about his time in the notorious federal penitentiary . Much to Esslinger 's surprise , Bulger wrote back extensively about his fond memories of his time in Alcatraz . Esslinger told CBS ' Bill Whitaker that Bulger wrote , " ` If I could choose my epitaph on my tombstone , it would be ` I 'd rather be in Alcatraz . ' ' " Bulger apparently liked Alcatraz so much that he went back there as a tourist . There 's even a photo of a smiling Bulger with his then-girlfriend Teresa Stanley dressed in mock prison garb . 2 . Volunteered for LSD testing in prison While imprisoned in Atlanta for the bank robbery conviction in 1957 , Bulger volunteered to be a drug test subject in an effort to reduce his prison sentence . Bulger was injected with LSD -- a not-so-well-known drug at the time -- for what he thought was an effort to find a cure for schizophrenia , according to Kevin Cullen and Shelley Murphy , authors of "  Whitey Bulger : America 's Most Wanted Gangster And The Manhunt That Brought Him To Justice . " Bulger said he suffered from lifelong insomnia and nightmares as a result of the experiment . He later learned that the experiments were actually part of the CIA 's so-called MKULTRA program to develop a mind-control weapon carried out at dozens of universities and institutions from 1953 to 1967 , according to T.J. English , author of "  Whitey 's Payback , " citing two of Bulger 's associates . "  Bulger  was enraged to learn how the covert program had destroyed so many lives , " English wrote in The Daily Beast . "  According to  Bulger 's associate Kevin  Weeks , Bulger had even taken preliminary steps to track down the overseer of the program , Dr. Carl Pfeiffer ... and assassinate him , " English wrote . 3 . Only known son died at age 6 Bulger and girlfriend Lindsey Cyr had been dating only a few months in 1966 when Cyr became pregnant . Bulger was n't pleased , so when the baby was born in May 1967 , Cyr listed her ex-boyfriend as the boy 's father on the birth certificate . Speaking publicly for the first time in 2010 , Cyr told The Boston Globe that Bulger also kept his son 's identity a secret to protect him from his father 's numerous enemies . Despite his initial reluctance toward fatherhood , Cyr said Bulger doted on the boy . "  He helped pay for child care and showered Douglas with toys , " wrote the Globe 's Cullen and Murphy . As Bulger rose through the ranks of Boston 's Winter Hill Gang in 1973 , 6-year-old Douglas fell ill and was hospitalized with Reye 's Syndrome , a severe reaction to aspirin . Bulger sat by his side for three days , wrote Cullen and Murphy . "  When he died , Jimmy  Bulger  was out of his mind , " Cyr is quoted as saying in Cullen and Murphy 's book . 4 . He was honorably discharged from the military despite arrests Bulger served nearly four years in the U.S. Air Force , working as an aircraft mechanic and earning his high school diploma . Yet the future gang leader never strayed far from trouble . During his military service , the young Bulger was arrested for going AWOL and , in a separate incident , police arrested him on rape charges . He was never convicted or sentenced on either charge and received an honorable discharge in 1952 . 5 . He hated the nickname ` Whitey ' Nearly every mobster has a colorful nickname , but family and associates say Bulger hated "  Whitey , " a reference to his white-blond hair as a child . He preferred his real name , Jim , and reportedly he was also OK with the moniker "  Boots , " which referred to his fondness for cowboy boots . 6 . You can apparently rent his old apartment During the time that Bulger spent eluding authorities , he and girlfriend Catherine Greig lived as Charlie and Carol Gasko in a seaside apartment in Santa Monica , California . In his letters to Esslinger , Bulger described that time as "  a 16-year honeymoon . " A neighbor described the couple as a quiet and polite , who sometimes helped carry her groceries . Three months ago , the seaside apartment was put up for rent , according to several media reports . The "  unassuming two bedroom apartment " can be yours "  for $ 2,950 a month -- far more than Bulger himself had paid during his rent-controlled stint there , " according to The Hollywood Reporter . It 's the same apartment where federal agents found more than $ 822,000 in cash hidden inside the walls after his capture .	James "  Whitey " Bulger was sentenced to life in prison in 2013 He was captured in 2011 after eluding authorities for 16 years Bulger 's complicated relationship with the FBI is the focus of a CNN Film "  Whitey "
Rome  CNN  -- Mount Etna rumbled Wednesday , sending lava down its side . Italian vulcanologists are monitoring the Sicilian volcano , they said Thursday . Etna began tremors Tuesday night , the Italian Institute of Vulcanology said . They reached their peak Wednesday morning , and lava flowed down the eastern rim on Wednesday night . Are you there ? Send CNN iReport your pics and video of Mount Etna The volcano continued to show "  rather weak " activity Thursday morning , the Institute said in a statement . Check out Mount Etna 's live webcam The volcano may be producing ash , scientists said , but did not offer confirmation . Etna does not appear to be threatening people at the moment . One of the most active volcanoes in the world , it towers over the city of Catania on the island of Sicily .	Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world It started rumbling Tuesday and spewed lava Wednesday It does n't yet appear to be threatening people
CNN  -- "  Who controls the past controls the future . " President Reagan 's former aides say Obama 's budget repudiates Reaganomics . It 's a line from George Orwell 's novel "  1984 . " But it could also serve as the rallying cry for two groups battling over President Obama 's ambitious domestic agenda -- and the legacy of two former presidents . Critics of Obama 's proposed $ 3.5 trillion federal budget say he 's poised to jeopardize the economic gains unleashed by President Reagan . They say he will make the same mistakes that President Lyndon B. Johnson did when he committed massive amounts of federal money to create a slew of anti-poverty programs dubbed "  The Great Society . " "  The Great Society created a lot of programs and wasted a lot of money , " said Kenneth Khachigian , a former Reagan speechwriter and adviser . "  The biggest war on poverty was the economic boom started by Reagan . " But others like Joseph Califano Jr. , Johnson 's senior domestic adviser , say the notion that the Great Society was a failure is one of the "  greatest political scams " in American history . Republican leaders who have labeled Obama 's budget proposals socialist are rehashing the rhetoric their predecessors used to attack Great Society programs like Head Start 40 years ago , Califano says . "  I 'm hearing the same round of arguments , " Califano said . "  The Republicans said that if you provide Head Start and preschool education to poor kids , it would ` Sovietize ' our kids and be communistic . " ` Failure ' of the Great Society The clash between both points of view centers on Obama 's plan for reviving the nation 's economy . The Senate and the House of Representatives passed similar versions of Obama 's $ 3.5 trillion budget for 2010 last week . The budget did n't receive a single Republican vote in either chamber . Both chambers will meet after Easter recess to produce a final budget . Even before last week 's vote , though , Obama 's budget was creating a partisan wedge . Proponents said it would use trillions of dollars to transform education , spark a green industrial revolution and provide health care to all Americans . CNN political analyst David Gergen said Obama 's budget "  set forth the most ambitious reform agenda of any president since Lyndon Johnson . " Gergen 's comment could be taken as a compliment or a reprimand , depending on one 's historical point of view . Craig Shirley , author of "  Reagan 's Revolution : The Untold Story of the Campaign That Started It All , " took it as a warning . His model for reviving the nation is Reagan , who moved "  power from the government to the people " by cutting taxes and making government less intrusive . Shirley , alluding to an alleged Reagan quip that "  Johnson declared war on poverty and poverty won , " says out-of-wedlock births , illiteracy and bloated federal programs increased during the Great Society . He says Medicare and Medicaid , two vaunted Great Society programs that provide health care to the poor and elderly , are now virtually bankrupt . "  All evidence says that the Great Society was a failure , " Shirley said . Khachigian , Reagan 's speechwriter , says Obama 's budget would also create tension between people who fought their way up the economic ladder and those who did not . Under Obama , the well-off would be "  brought back down through higher taxes and subsidizing benefits for people who have not worked as hard . " Obama 's budget is influenced by the president 's previous job as a community organizer , Khachigian says . "  You ca n't have been a community organizer and not have in your mindset that agencies of the government exist to , as Obama said , to ` spread the wealth , ' " Khachigian said . If Obama wants to look at an economic blueprint for lifting the nation out of a nasty recession , he should look at Reagan , Khachigian says . Reagan 's tax cuts helped end the deep recession he inherited when he came into office , he said . The economy took off , and everyone benefited . "  I would argue that the biggest war on poverty took place when the economy started booming in 1983 , " Khachigian said . The ` myth ' of Reagan 's tax cuts Other analysts had a different take on the legacy of the Reagan Revolution and what it can teach Obama . Will Bunch , author of "  Tear Down This Myth : How the Reagan Legacy Has Distorted Our Politics and Haunts Our Future , " says Reaganomics is built on a fable . Reagan did n't prove that tax cuts and small government lead to economic growth , because he never consistently did both , he says . Bunch says Reagan did cut taxes in 1981 but raised them in succeeding years . He also expanded the federal government and created a huge national debt . "  His initial 1981 tax cuts went so far that he was actually forced to increase taxes a half-dozen times in the years that followed , something you never hear about , " Bunch said . Obama would do better to follow the example of Johnson , not Reagan , says Califano , Johnson 's senior domestic adviser . He says Johnson 's Great Society was designed to give the most vulnerable Americans -- the poor , the elderly , the disabled and racial minorities -- the same opportunities as the affluent . "  The Great Society saw government as providing a hand up , not a handout , " said Califano , who wrote about his time with the president in "  The Triumph and Tragedy of Lyndon Johnson . " He says the Great Society proved that government was n't incompetent . Johnson persuaded Congress to pass at least 100 Great Society proposals . Programs awarded college students financial aid , gave struggling families food stamps and gave millions of Americans access to health insurance for the first time . It also reduced poverty , Califano says . About 22 percent of Americans lived below the poverty line when Johnson took office in 1963 . By 1970 , when the impact of Great Society programs was being felt , the poverty rate dropped to 12.6 percent , Califano says .  The poverty rate in 2007 was 12.5 percent , the U.S. Census Bureau reported . Califano , who calls Obama 's budget a logical extension of the Great Society , says Obama personally benefited from the Great Society "  crown jewel " : the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , which ensured African American participation at the polls . "  My God , Obama would n't be president if Lyndon Johnson had n't passed that civil rights law , " Califano said . "  He would not have gotten the votes to get elected . " Robert Weisbrot , co-author of "  The Liberal Hour : Washington and the Politics of Change in the 1960s , " says the Great Society also helped lay the foundation for the modern environmental movement with its passage of clean air and water laws . Read why Weisbrot says Obama ca n't create another Great Society "  We can find much to celebrate in those years in the 1960s when we see a burst of reform when the government is ready to face problems openly and decisively , " Weisbrot said . There may be , however , one point of agreement for supporters and critics of Obama 's domestic agenda . It was expressed by Khachigian , Reagan 's former speechwriter . When asked whether he was miffed that some people were now comparing Obama to Reagan , he said his opposition to Obama 's budget was based on something deeper : fear . He says the nation could become a Failed Society if Obama 's approach does n't end a brutal recession . "  It 's not a matter of pride but of practicality , " he said . "  If this does n't work , we 're all in deep doo-doo . "	Clash over Obama 's budget centers on America 's future , and past Reagan aides say Obama forgets lessons of Reaganomics Author says Reagan raised taxes and increased size of government LBJ 's senior aide says Johnson 's Great Society was a success
CNN  -- Vice President Nicolas Maduro was sworn in Friday as acting president of Venezuela in a ceremony held in the National Assembly in Caracas , three days after the death of President Hugo Chavez . Asked if he swore to uphold the laws of the country and to follow the constitution , Maduro said , "  I swear . " Then , in a rambling speech that evoked the bombastic oratory of Chavez , Maduro said he would work to keep alive his memory and legacy . "  We still have him in our hearts , " said Maduro , who was wearing a sash bearing the colors of the Venezuelan flag across his chest . "  I have him here , here , as if he was the name in my soul , because I am his son . " He continued , "  We are here to guarantee peace , safety and political stability and the lifting up of the poor in Venezuela will continue . Onward and upward with socialism ! " Maduro appealed to the opposition to field a presidential candidate for elections that are to be held in 30 days . "  Some of them are here today , " he said . "  Welcome . " But he noted that few opposition members were in attendance . "  They did n't want to come , " he said . About the elections , he said , "  May the best person win . The people will decide . " Maduro alluded to the United States , with whom Chavez had had prickly relations . "  Our eyes will see sooner rather than later the decline of the imperialist elites that changed the United States into an empire of aggression , " he said . "  That moment will be a fabulous moment for humanity . " He announced that he had appointed the minister of science and technology , Jorge Arreaza , to replace him as vice president . Shortly before the ceremony , opposition leader and Miranda State Gov. Henrique Capriles told reporters in Caracas that the ceremony was "  an abuse of power . " "  To be president , the people have to elect you , " he said . "  The constitution is very clear . " Capriles said Maduro would have to first register as a candidate and then campaign . "  That 's what the constitution says , " he said . "  It 's all here . " Then , addressing Maduro as if he were there , he said , "  Nicolas , they did n't elect you . The people did n't vote for you , boy . " He continued , "  We are not going to permit that the sorrow that the people feel be an excuse for the abuse of power , for constitutional fraud . " Chavez 's impact lauded at funeral He called the ceremony "  an illegitimate swearing-in " and blasted a high court decision declaring it legal . "  Gentlemen of the Supreme Court , you do not decide who is and who is not president , " he said . "  The people decide ... The vice president takes charge , but not as interim president . " Asked whether he planned to run for president , Capriles demurred . "  We will talk again , " he said . The opposition was arguing that Maduro should have served both as interim president , without being sworn in , and vice president , said Jennifer McCoy , director of the Americas Program at the Carter Center and professor of political science at Georgia State University . "  But now that he 's named a vice president and has the presidential flag , we 'll have to see what they do about participating in the election , " she said . "  A constitution can not specify every single scenario that could occur , " she continued . "  That 's part of the problem . " She predicted that Chavez 's primary legacy would be the sense of inclusion that he gave to those sectors of the population that had not felt represented in the past . "  I think it 's a very strong legacy and that they do feel like now they 've got rights and that they will exercise those rights in the future . " But he also leaves a divided country , a move that was intentional , she said . "  He felt that change could only be accomplished through confrontation , " she said . "  And that confrontation included excluding those who used to be in power . " The result has been a loss of much of the country 's production capacity , both in the private sector and in the petroleum sector , where a number of workers and managers were fired after a strike in 2003 , she said . Michael Shifter , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy forum on Western Hemisphere affairs , predicted that a Maduro administration would find it tough to govern . "  Chavez had a unique ability to do that , and nobody else has either the political skill or the charisma to keep all the very disparate factions of chavismo together . " Still , Maduro and his supporters have great incentive to rise to the occasion . "  If they do n't , they risk losing power , and they want to stay in power , " he said . But even if he wins a six-year term as president , Maduro would not be on solid ground , given the country 's profound economic and security problems , Shifter said . He cited inflation above 22 % , massive debt , shortages of basic goods , routine electricity blackouts and widespread crime -- the 16,000 people killed in an average year is triple the number who were killed the year Chavez entered office . "  The fundamental problem is that the government has just spent much more money than they had . " Shifter also predicted that a Maduro administration would not maintain warm relations with the United States . Neither country has posted an ambassador in the other country since 2008 . "  Maduro has to be very careful about the base of his party and following Chavez 's policy toward the United States , which has been one of a lot of confrontation and aggression . " Still , he noted , Maduro is a former union official , not the paratrooper military officer that Chavez was . "  So , he 's somebody who has negotiated deals . I think he 'd be open to at least having communication with the United States . " CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  They want to stay in power , " analyst says of Maduro and his supporters "  I am his son , " Maduro says of Chavez The opposition figure blasts high court for letting the swearing-in go forward Will Capriles run ? "  We 'll talk again , " he responds
CNN  -- They 're stunning , dynamic and dangerous , plus they can teach you a thing or two about the Earth 's history . Volcanoes possess undeniable allure , doubling as living laboratories and tourist attractions . Volcanologist Rebecca Williams spends every second she can studying and relaxing near the Earth 's lifeblood : lava . "  I had a real geeky fascination with volcanoes as a kid , " says Williams , who is a member of the science faculty at the University of Hull in Yorkshire , England . Share your photos of volcanoes Across the globe , travelers are discovering their inner geek , joining scientists like Williams in exploring the geological formations capable of producing incredible natural beauty and unparalleled destruction . Volcanoes are the earth 's natural ventilation system , unpredictably capable of jettisoning steam , ash , molten rock and lava . Photos : Earth 's otherworldly landscapes Here 's a list of volcanoes Williams says should be at the top of your must-visit list . Some of them are active , so be sure to check with visitor centers and local tour guides before heading out to explore . "  If  locals  say it 's not safe to go someplace , do n't go , " she says . "  But do go  see volcanoes  because it is the most spectacular thing you will ever see . " Tungurahua , Andes Mountains near Baños , Ecuador Elevation : 16,475 feet This active volcano high in the Andes Mountains has experienced periods of intensified activity in the past few years . Williams spent a month in 2005 doing research at the volcano known as "  The Black Giant . " Tungurahua consists of three edifices formed over 100,000 years . The volcano overlooks the town of Baños , which Williams says is sometimes hit with volcanic mud flows caused by the mixture of rain and ash . During her research , a mudflow , or lahar , threatened to overflow into El Salado Baths , one of Baños ' mineral-rich hot springs . The town is known as a gateway to the Amazon and for its basilica dedicated to the Virgin of the Holy water . The Nuestra Señora del Agua Santa celebration takes place in October and the town 's anniversary is in mid-December . Dig in : Top sand sculpture events Pantelleria , Sicily , Italy Elevation : 2,742 feet Pantelleria 's only eruption in the last 3,000 years was underwater . The volcano shares its name with the island , which is known as the "  Black Pearl " of the Mediterranean because of its remoteness , world-class wine and its crop of tasty volcanic soil enriched capers . Pantelleria is Sicily 's largest offshore island and lies closer to Africa than Italy . Williams did research for her PhD here between 2006 and 2010 and says an eruption 50,000 years ago spewed ignimbrite deposits so hot that they instantly melted , forming a still visible black and dark green sheet of obsidian glass , often referred to as Green Tuff , across the island . Pantelleria is home to Grotta di Sataria , a cave with hot springs where , according to legend , Ulysses was kept for seven years by the nymph Calypso . Quiet coves offer great snorkeling and diving . Mount Etna , Sicily , Italy Elevation : 10,922 feet Located on Sicily 's east central coast , recent studies show that Mount Etna 's unpredictable activity increased significantly in the last decade . Mount Etna is Europe 's highest active volcano , erupting 200 times since 1500 B.C. , according to National Geographic . Check the national park website and with local guides for information on volcanic activity and excursions . The area was recently added to UNESCO 's list of World Heritage sites . Williams visited when it was covered in snow during the 2006 ski season . She did n't see lava flow at its active vent , but there were active ash eruptions . "  As a tourist you can get pretty close and it puts on a pretty good show , " she says . Mount Etna overlooks Catania , Sicily 's second largest city , where visitors can soak up its history in the central Piazza Duomo and at the ruins of a Roman amphitheater . Check out the foundation of many delicious Sicilian dishes at the fish market . Kilauea , The Big Island , Hawaii Elevation : 4,008 feet Since 1983 , Kilauea 's lava has destroyed 181 homes , a community center , a visitor center , a church and a drive-in , according to the National Park Service . Williams calls it the "  Disneyland of volcanoes " because of the near-constant lava oozing that has created almost 500 acres of new land in the last 30 years . More than 2.5 million people visit the volcano annually , which is located inside Hawaii Volcanoes National Park . The park contains more than 150 miles of trails for walking and hiking . Biking is allowed on roads and some trails and there are campgrounds inside the park . "  I used to go before dawn and watch the sun rise over the lava flows , " says Williams . "  It was just stunning . " The park is open 24 hours a day , so nighttime viewing of the glowing lava is also a possibility . Viewing conditions are variable , so research the best viewing spots and safety advisories online . Kilauea in Hawaiian means "  spewing " or "  much spreading , " and is the youngest of the Big Island 's volcanoes , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . It is believed to be the home of Hawaiian volcano deity Pele . Eldfell , Vestmannaeyjar , Heimaey , Iceland Elevation : 915 feet Eldfell , Icelandic for "  mountain of fire , " was believed extinct when it suddenly erupted in 1973 , forcing the evacuation of the entire population of the island Heimaey , which is among the Westman Islands . The volcano has been inactive since the eruption . Most of the town of Vestmannaeyjar and its harbor were saved from the lava flow by using large pumps to spray seawater onto the lava , cooling it enough to stop its movement . "  That was maybe the only case that man has had any ability to successfully affect a lava flow , " says Williams . "  It was only because they had an unlimited amount of water . " In addition to tours of Eldfell and Helgafell volcanoes , Vestmannaeyjar features a thriving fishing industry , whale watching expeditions and a museum of natural history . Mount Erebus , Ross Island , Antarctica Elevation : 12,444 feet Mount Erebus , the second tallest volcano in Antarctica and the most active Southerly volcano in the world , is home to an active lava lake that sends puffs of steam into sub-frigid air . "  When the lava cools and a crust forms , it  the crust  will move and then sink down again , " says Williams . Under the cover of total darkness for four months of the year , the only way to reach its summit is by helicopter or walking in temperatures ranging from 4 to 60 degrees below zero . Definitely not the most hospitable volcano on the list , but Williams says she dreams of doing research there because it combines her two favorite things : volcanoes and Antarctica . Which volcanoes have you visited ? Please give your recommendations below and share your volcano photos with CNN iReport .	Mount Etna , Europe 's highest active volcano , erupted 200 times since 1500 B.C. , experts say Kilauea , home of Hawaiian deity Pele , means "  spewing " or "  much spreading " Pantelleria is home to the cave where legend says Calypso kept Ulysses for seven years Mount Erebus is the second tallest volcano in Antarctica and is home to an active lava lake
Chinese state media has called the Philippine president "  ignorant " and "  amateurish " after he compared Beijing 's pursuit of disputed territory in the South China Sea with the rise of Nazi Germany . A scathing commentary released by news agency Xinhua Wednesday said Benigno Aquino "  had never been a great candidate for a wise statesman in the region . " The comments came after Aquino called for the world to do more to support the Philippines in resisting China 's claims , drawing a comparison to the West 's failure to support Czechoslovakia against Hitler 's demands for Czech lands in 1938 . "  At what point do you say ` Enough is enough ? ' Well the world has to say it -- remember that Sudentenland was given in an attempt to appease Hitler to prevent World War II , " Benigno told the New York Times in an interview . In the riposte , Xinhua said the "  senseless attack " exposed "  his true color as an amateurish politician who was ignorant of both history and reality . " It 's not the first time that an Asian leader has invoked the build-up to a world war to depict tensions over territorial claims in the region . At the World Economic Forum in Davos last month , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe raised eyebrows when he drew a parallel between the current state of relations between Japan and China and that of Britain and Germany before the start of World War I a century ago . Xinhua said that despite the "  lame comparisons " made by Japan and the Philippines , China had chosen a path of peaceful development and its territorial claims in the South China Sea have a "  sound historical foundation . " The maritime area is home to messy mix of rival claims , with China , Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam disputing sovereignty of island chains and nearby waters . The Philippines and China both say that Scarborough Shoal , about 200 kilometers west of the Philippines mainland , is "  an integral part " of their territory . China , Japan and South Korea also dispute sovereignty of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea . The areas in dispute include fertile fishing grounds and potentially rich reserves of undersea natural resources .	State media calls the Philippine president "  ignorant " and "  amateurish " Benigno Aquino compared Beijing 's pursuit of disputed territory with the rise of Nazi Germany Comments echo a similar historical parallel made by Japan 's leader China says it has chosen a path of peaceful development
CNN  -- The guitarist stands in front of a mirror messing with his mohawk . The drummer strikes a wild tempo . The singer rips off his T-shirt and begins to scream the lyrics . Basim Usmani is bassist for The Kominas , a group that blends traditional sounds with punk rock beats . They 're young . They 're punk . And they 're rocking both their Muslim and American worlds with their music , lyrics and style . "  A lot of times people say , ` Oh wow , look , brown people playing music ' -LSB- but -RSB- it 's more than that , " said 25-year-old Pakistani-American Shahjehan Khan , the lead singer for a Muslim punk band , The Kominas . The Boston-based band is one of a handful of Muslim punk bands that emerged in the United States in the past few years . The members of this four-person rock group with South Asian roots hold varying views on religion . One says he 's an atheist ; three others identify as Muslims -- both practicing and non-practicing . For them , punk music is a way to rebel against their conservative cultural upbringing and the frustrations of growing up a young Muslim in America . "  We are n't -LSB- just -RSB- some alternative to a stereotypical Muslim . We actually might be offering some sort of insights for people at large about religion , about the world , " said 26-year-old bassist Basim Usmani . Blending traditional South Asian rhythms with punk rock beats , they sing in both English and Punjabi .  Kominas means "  scum-bag " in Punjabi , according to the band .  Their songs can be at once political , serious , satirical and insinuating . Audio slide show : On tour with Muslim punk rockers " Their risqué lyrics and provocative song titles such as "  Sharia Law in the USA , " "  Suicide Bomb the GAP " and "  Rumi was a Homo " -- a protest song against homophobia in the American Muslim community -- have drawn the attention of Muslims , non-Muslims , fans and critics alike . "  You sort of have to throw it in peoples ' faces and be shocking in order to give people a different way to think about stuff , " said Usmani . "  These punk , metal and rap scenes - so-called extreme music scenes -- are addressing issues that mainstream music does n't , " said Mark LeVine , a professor of Middle Eastern history at University of California , Irvine , who is also a musician and author of "  Heavy Metal Islam . " " -LSB- Punk -RSB- allows them to rebel against society and their own culture at the same time , " he said . iReport : Is Islam at odds with American values ? Before the Islamic punk movement in North America had a voice , it had a story . The Muslim punk scene began to gel in 2003 when novelist and convert to Islam , Michael Muhammad Knight self-published his book , "  The Taqwacores " about a fictional Muslim punk scene in Buffalo , New York . The book opens with a poem called "  Muhammed was a Punk Rocker " and describes both conventional and unconventional characters including a Shi'ite skinhead , a conservative Sunni Muslim , a burka-wearing feminist punk and a Sufi who sports a Mohawk and drinks alcohol . "  The punk rock kids I would hang out with were n't even Muslim , " 31-year old Knight recalls . "  They were so fiercely individualistic -- I wish that I could be a Muslim in that way : not be ashamed of my confusion , not be ashamed of my doubts . Just be myself and be proud of who I am . " The novel 's title , "  Taqwacore , " is a hybrid word stemming from the Arabic "  taqwa , " meaning "  god consciousness , " and "  core " referring to "  hardcore " -- a genre of punk music . It 's now a general term for Muslim punk rock . The popularity of the book , which Knight said was born out of a search to find his identity as a Muslim-American , grew in underground youth circles and online . It did n't take long before real-life "  taqwacore " bands like The Kominas began blooming across the country . "  It makes sense why punk has been the music of choice for young , politically active Muslims who are musical , " said LeVine . "  The straight edge movement in punk which was about no drugs , no alcohol , was clean yet very intense and political . It 's a way for them to rebel against their families in some extreme ways yet still be ritualistically , ` good Muslims . ' " "  Taqwacore " gave voice to many young Muslim-Americans who felt muted by circumstances and created an opening for bands like Al-Thawra , Vote Hezbollah , and Secret Trial Five -- an all-girl punk band out of Vancouver , Canada . In the summer of 2007 , five of the taqwacore bands organized a "  taqwa-tour " of the northeastern United States . They played in city after city , traveling in a green school bus with TAQWA painted on the front bought by Knight for $ 2,000 on eBay . This summer , The Kominas continue to strike a chord with audiences around the country , hitting cities from San Francisco to New York on a multi-city tour . The taqwacore movement has also inspired two upcoming films - a dramatic feature film based on the book and a documentary . Many conservative Muslims may peg young taqwacores as heretic for their suggestive and irreverent lyrics . But the musicians say they are just trying to show both cultures how broad the spectrum of belief can be . Like many young adults balancing their religious beliefs with American culture , some young Muslims in the United States say it 's a constant struggle to be accepted in both worlds . "  I had a lot of conflicted feelings growing up a Muslim in America , " said 25-year-old Kominas drummer Imran Malik . "  It was hard not being able to do the same things that everyone else around you is doing without feeling guilty about them . " Knight , who grew up with a Catholic mother and white supremacist father , converted to Islam when he was 16 . He said his message is not one of blasphemy but rather an extension of his discontent with the rigid etiquette that dictates certain practices within Islam and the stereotypes of Muslims in American . "  Muslims have n't been fully accepted as Americans but the American experience has n't been accepted as something that can contribute to the Muslim world , " said Knight . Knight said writing the book helped him and others connect through shared experiences . "  When I first wrote it , I felt like there would never be a place for me in the Muslim community and that has really turned around a lot , " he said . "  The book gave me the community I needed , it connected me to all these kids that were also confused and who also went through the things that I went through . " That connection is vital to taqwacore music , bassist Usmani said . "  The music is great , but the conversation is the key to all of this . The dialogue that we have inspired is really invaluable . " "  I do n't think Islam is ever going to go away , I 'm just trying to see how it best fits in my life . "	A handful of Muslim punk bands have emerged in the last few years A fictional portrayal of a Muslim punk scene helped set the real-world stage Some conservative Muslims disapprove of the suggestive and irreverent lyrics
A 29-year-old mother was fatally shot Tuesday in an Idaho Walmart when her 2-year-old son in the shopping cart grabbed a gun that was in her purse and shot her in an apparent accident , authorities said . Detectives were investigating the scene and Walmart officials immediately shuttered the store in Hayden , said the Kootenai County Sheriff 's Office . The mother was identified by the sheriff 's office as Veronica J. Rutledge of Blackfoot . At the time , the mother and son were shopping with other family members , authorities said . "  The shooting appears to be accidental , " said a statement by Sheriff Ben Wolfinger and Lt. Stu Miller . At a press conference , Miller said the mother was shopping at the back of the store in the electronics department . "  It appears that the victim brought several of her children here to do some shopping after the holidays , " Miller told reporters in the parking lot . "  The child looks like to be sitting in the shopping cart with the purse while the female victim was shopping . " "  Here it is around the holidays , just after Christmas and right before the New Year -- tragic , tragic accident , " Miller said . "  It 's not a pleasant experience right now . " The shooting occurred about 10:20 a.m. "  A very sad incident happened in our store in Hayden , Idaho , that involved a female customer , " said Walmart spokesperson Brooke Buchanan . "  We are working closely with the local sheriff 's department as they investigate what happened . " The Walmart will reopen Wednesday morning , officials said . When and how do parents educate children about guns ?	Mom was shopping with several of her children at Walmart , police say They were doing some post-holiday shopping in electronics department "  This is a pretty tragic incident right now that we 're dealing with , " police rep says
Houston  CNN  -- Doctors at the Houston hospital where U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was transferred said that while she remains in intensive care , she has surprised them with the progress she has already made . Giffords , 40 , who was shot in the head at a public event in Arizona on January 8 , was transferred Friday to Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center . It was thought the congresswoman would begin rehabilitation at The Institute for Rehabilitation and Research  TIRR  Memorial Hermann , but officials said she was taken instead to the hospital 's trauma center for evaluation and treatment . "  She 's not quite ready for rehabilitation yet , " Dr. Dong Kim of Memorial Hermann told CNN on Thursday . Kim would not elaborate , but on Friday , Dr. John Holcomb told reporters that Giffords has fluid on her brain . "  There 's a little fluid collection that the docs have put a drain into , around her brain , and that drain is still in place , " he said . "  With that drain in place , she ca n't leave the ICU . " He said Giffords will remain in the hospital while "  this drain business " is sorted out and doctors make sure no infection is developing . During that time , she will undergo rehabilitation in the intensive care unit , as she was at Tucson , Arizona 's University Medical Center . That rehabilitation was under way on Saturday , Dr. Gerard Francisco , the hospital 's medical director , told reporters . "  She 's doing very well , " he said . The exercises involve moving , sitting and standing , he said . "  We 're still in that phase of discovering what she can and can not do so we can come up with the best combination of therapy . " Giffords "  surprised us , " he said . "  She did not need as much assistance as we anticipated . " Doctors had said earlier that Giffords has been able to stand with assistance . "  She 's activating her muscles even more than what I had anticipated , " Francisco said . Giffords has a breathing tube in her neck and can not talk , but Francisco said he believes she is trying to communicate . She is very responsive to others , and follows commands . He said doctors were particularly encouraged by Giffords ' bringing her left leg , which was dangling off the side of the bed , up onto the bed . Giffords has good movement and muscle tone on her left side , he said , and some on her right side as well , although not as much as the left . She was shot in the left side of her brain , which controls her right side . Arizona doctors said Giffords ' transfer went flawlessly . Dr. Randall Friese of the UMC trauma center said that at some points as she traveled through the streets of Tucson , Giffords could hear applause from those who turned out to honor her . "  She responded very well to that , " he said , smiling and even tearing up a bit . "  It was very emotional . " Six people died in the shooting at a Tucson supermarket earlier this month , including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl . A total of 19 people were shot . Giffords is the only one who remains hospitalized . Police said they believe suspect Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , targeted Giffords in the attack . Loughner is in custody and facing federal charges . Despite reaching a series of milestones , Giffords has a long road ahead , doctors have said . Once she enters rehabilitation , the process is expected to take four to six months . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report	Doctor : Giffords "  does not need as much assistance as we had anticipated " She will remain in ICU while fluid is drained off her brain The rehabilitation process is expected to take 4 to 6 months
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah has revoked a flogging sentence for a woman who allegedly flouted the conservative kingdom 's strict rules that prohibit women from driving a car , two sources with knowledge of the case said Wednesday . Amnesty International said a Saudi woman was sentenced to 10 lashes for getting behind the wheel , and had urged the dismantling of the "  whole system of women 's subordination . " Authorities are not expected to release an official statement , but the woman will not be sentenced , according to a source close to the Royal Court . A source connected to the country 's Interior Ministry also confirmed the revocation . The move comes just as the country 's ruling elite promised greater political participation for women in the Islamic nation . On Sunday , King Abdullah announced two changes for women that would be historic for Saudi Arabia . He said women will be allowed to serve as members of the Shura Council , the appointed consultative council that advises the king . He also said women will be allowed to run as candidates and nominate candidates in the next set of municipal elections . It is unknown when those may ultimately take place . Amnesty said a court in Jeddah handed down the sentence Tuesday . Two other women are believed to be facing charges for driving , one in Jeddah and one in al-Khobar . The Women2Drive campaign said the woman who was sentenced to 10 lashes has appealed the sentence . She said she did not want to be identified or speak publicly about her case for her own safety . Women2Drive also said police pulled over women 's rights activist Madeah Alajroush for driving in Riyadh on Tuesday . She was taken to police headquarters for questioning and released after she signed a pledge not to drive and called for a taxi home , a statement from Women2Drive said . The Women2Drive campaign on Facebook and Twitter encouraged women to drive as part of their normal daily activities rather than converge in one place .	Amnesty International says a woman was sentenced to 10 lashes for driving Women are barred from getting behind the wheel in Saudi Arabia The Saudi king announced greater political participation for women this week
CNN Student News  -- December 6 , 2013 Nelson Mandela , former leader of South Africa and "  the world 's most famous political prisoner , " has died . In Friday 's program , CNN Student News looks back at the life , legacy and accomplishments of this Nobel Peace Prize winner . We also remember the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor , and we report on a strike by many American fast food workers and the response by the restaurant industry . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How was news of the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor covered differently than how major events are covered today ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What world leader once endured 27 years in prison before he became South Africa 's first black president ? 2 . Who was president of the United States when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 ? 3 . Viktor Yanukovich is the president of what European country ? 4 . Fans of what NFL team recently caused a small earthquake by cheering at CenturyLink field ? 5 . What is the destination of a spacecraft launched by China on Monday ? 6 . What country triggered an international dispute when it claimed a section of airspace over Asia ? 7 . What international event , symbolized by red ribbons , occurs on December 1 ? 8 . How are chimpanzees classified : as monkeys , apes or lemurs ? 9 . Yingluck Shinawatra is the prime minister of what Asian country ? 10 . In economics , what does GDP stand for ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa South Africa North America Pearl Harbor , Hawaii FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Throngs of revelers gathered around Times Square in New York City early Sunday to ring in the New Year amid cheers , glittering confetti and fireworks in one of many festivities worldwide . Crowds erupted in cheers , kissed and hugged as the giant ball dropped at midnight to mark the start of 2012 . "  This is crazy , it 's doggone warm , " said Gary Grieco of College Point New York , who attended the unusually warm festivities this year . Grieco said he hopes this year is better than the last and outlined his resolutions for the New Year . "  Quit smoking , that 's my promise ... today is the day , " he said . iReport : NEW YEAR 'S OPEN STORY From London to Samoa , the world ushered in 2012 and said goodbye to a year marked by natural disasters , economic turmoil and other highlights such as the end of the Iraq war . "  Natural disasters were pretty brutal and the end of the Iraq war was long overdue , " Grieco said . Fireworks lit up the sky over London 's River Thames as the clock struck midnight -- one of many festivities worldwide . As Big Ben chimed on midnight , the sky exploded with pyrotechnics to mark the start of what Mayor Boris Johnson promised to be "  the most extraordinary and exciting year we are likely to see in our lifetime in this city . " In 2012 , London will host the Summer Olympics and pay tribute to Queen Elizabeth 's diamond jubilee marking her 60 years on the throne . England was relatively late to the party , which began 14 hours earlier  at 5 a.m. ET  in Samoa , Tokelau and the Christmas Islands in the western Pacific . Samoa and Tokelau -- historically the last to celebrate the new year -- reveled in being the first to party this time round , after skipping west across the international dateline , missing out on December 30 entirely in the process , in a move intended to boost trade . From there , the midnight revelry worked its way west . The final ones set to ring in the new year will also be in the Pacific , specifically on the U.S. Midway Islands and American Samoa . New Zealand bid farewell to a year that brought more than its share of natural disasters , with fireworks bursting through a blanket of fog to light up Auckland 's Sky Tower . Dazzling pyrotechnics above Sydney Harbour got 2012 off to a spectacular start in Australia , with huge crowds gathered to watch . In South Korea , the Boshingak bell in downtown Seoul chimed 33 times to celebrate the occasion , while in Japan , many families ate a bowl of long noodles together to symbolize the bridge from one year to the next . Crowds of onlookers cheered as fireworks and bright lights flashed over Hong Kong 's Victoria Harbour and boats filled with revelers drifted below . In Laos and Cambodia , Buddhist temples struck their gongs 108 times to cast out 108 types of human weakness . The atmosphere was far more subdued in Vatican , where the pope presided over a Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica . The celebrations then moved across Europe . Russia started by kicking off its new year in a grand way with fireworks over the Kremlin . Three hours later , much of the continent -- including Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Germany -- were officially in 2012 , before England and Ireland finally joined in the next hour . Never known to shy away from a party , Brazilians in Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and beyond celebrated the new year with characteristic flair and explosive pyrotechnics . They were followed one hour later by another large swath of South America that included Argentina , Paraguay and Chile . CNN 's Kim Segal , Laura Smith-Spark , Holly Yan and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Crowds erupt in cheers , kisses and hugs as the giant ball drops From London to Samoa , the world ushers in 2012 Fireworks lit up the sky over London 's River Thames
HERMOSILLO , Mexico  CNN  -- President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday to meet with health officials as the death toll of a day care center fire there grew to 38 children . A crib and baby seats lie outside a day care center Friday in Hermosillo , Mexico , as police cordon off the area . The cause of Friday 's blaze remained unknown , but investigators concluded that the fire did not start inside the ABC Day Care , Eduardo Bours , the governor of Sonora state said . As of Saturday night , 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition , Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran told CNN . Another 10 children had been transported to other hospitals : eight to Guadalajara , one to Ciudad Obregon , and one to Sacramento , California . A team of 29 medical experts in Hermosillo were deciding if any more victims would be moved to the Shriners Hospital in Sacramento , or elsewhere . In addition , six adults were injured , Duran said . "  Without a doubt this is the worst disaster we 've had , " Bours told CNN . The president arrived with Interior Secretary Fernando Gomez Mont and Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova to get firsthand updates from doctors and investigators , the state news agency Notimex reported . Calderon ordered the nation 's attorney general to investigate the blaze . Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation and not burns , Bours said . But the fire was enough for the roof to collapse , he added . At the time of the blaze , 142 children were inside the ABC Day Care . The day care is for children ages 2 to 4 , but Bours confirmed that children even younger were among the victims . All the children at the day care had been accounted for by Saturday evening , Bours said . A severely burned 3-year-old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition , according to Dr. Tina Palmieri , assistant chief of the burn unit . The child was burned over 80 percent of her body , the doctor told reporters . She said the hospital normally can save just over half of the children with burns that severe . In Hermosillo , a large crowd gathered outside of the emergency entrance of the city 's general hospital and many people consoled each other , video from the scene showed . "  They told me that this happened in a matter of five minutes , " Hermosillo Mayor Ernesto Gandara told reporters after surveying the scene .	NEW : President Felipe Calderon travels to Hermosillo to meet with health officials NEW : Officials believe blaze did not start in center ; attorney general to investigate NEW : 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition One child admitted to Shriners Hospitals in Sacramento , California
New York  CNN  -- Prosecutors dropped charges Wednesday against one of two men arrested in connection with an attack over the weekend on an SUV driver who was swarmed by bikers on a New York City street . "  We are taking Sunday 's crimes extremely seriously , and will proceed with charges in a manner that enables us to build the strongest cases possible , " said Karen Friedman-Agnifilo , the prosecutor who is overseeing the case . Charges against motorcyclist Allen Edwards were dropped . The 42-year-old biker had originally faced charges of reckless endangerment , criminal mischief and menacing , the New York City Police Department said . But that did n't mean the prosecutors were done . "  Prematurely charging individuals with low-level crimes does not further the goals of the investigation , and could weaken the cases we expect to bring against the perpetrators of serious crimes , " said Friedman-Agnifilo said in a statement . "  After we investigate the facts and each person 's individual actions , we will know what charges can be supported by the evidence . There is still a tremendous amount of investigation to be done . " The NYPD released images and asked for the public 's help in identifying and locating suspects wanted in connection with the attack . The incident has drawn attention because much of it was captured in a video that shows Edwards just before the alleged assault . Edwards is one of the bikers seen pounding on the windows of a Range Rover after it was forced to stop in traffic following a chase by bikers -- an account confirmed by a police official . Edwards may have been trying to protect the driver of the SUV who had come under attack , according to one witness , a law enforcement official said . If so , that may not be obvious in the video , which appears to have been shot by a biker , because it ends before the driver of the SUV is dragged from the vehicle , which also held his wife and 2-year-old daughter . Edwards , who surrendered to police , is cooperating with authorities , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said . Police have said the SUV driver , identified by a source with knowledge of the incident as businessman Alexian Lien , initially called 911 on Sunday afternoon to report that bikers were driving erratically on the West Side Highway . Police say Lien sped off after allegedly accidentally hitting one biker , Christopher Cruz , who had moved in front of his SUV and then slowed . Cruz , 28 , was in court Wednesday facing misdemeanor charges , including reckless driving . Cruz 's attorney told reporters that his client is not guilty . Cruz was to be released after posting $ 1,500 cash bail and a $ 15,000 insurance bond . In addition , his license was suspended and he was ordered to surrender his passport . "  His motorcycle was struck and he stood right there . He never assaulted this man , he never tried to assault him in any way , and he does not know any of the other motorcyclists who were involved in this beating , " attorney H. Benjamin Perez told reporters . Jerome Davis witnessed a part of the confrontation between the motorcyclists and the driver , who he described as a "  maniac . " "  If something happens , you stop right there . It 's an accident . You think and stop . You do n't keep reacting on , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett . Investigators say Lien told them he feared for his life when bikers surrounded his vehicle , pounding on it and slashing his tires . He stepped on the gas and hit three more bikers , injuring one of them -- Edwin Mieses -- critically . "  All of his ribs are fractured , " Mieses ' mother , Yolanda Santiago , told WBZ , "  his lungs are so badly bruised that he 's still on a ventilator . " Mieses ' wife said he had been trying to help the first biker who was initially hit by the SUV when he , too , was hit . His family has said he is paralyzed and in a coma . Police said the biker group , called "  Hollywood Stuntz , " chased the driver , whose flat tires forced him to stop . Cornered , Lien was beaten , police said . He was treated at a hospital for slashes to his face and released . Neither his wife nor his child was hurt . CNN 's Elizabeth Landers and Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	NEW : NYPD asks for the public 's help in identifying , locating suspects NEW : A motorcyclist describes the SUV driver as a "  maniac " The incident started when a Range Rover driver accidentally hit a biker , NYPD says Other bikers chased the SUV , slashed its tires , forcing the driver to stop , police say
CNN  -- After he announced the resignations of four top officials in his administration in 1973 , Richard Nixon swore he was done with talking about Watergate , according to the last batch of tapes released by the National Archives . Gone were his chief of staff , H.R. "  Bob " Haldeman ; his domestic affairs adviser , John Ehrlichman ; White House lawyer John Dean ; and Attorney General Richard Kleindeinst , a longtime friend . Nixon broke the news in his first public address about the scandal that would eventually bring down his presidency -- and as he tried to console the jettisoned Haldeman , he insisted it was his last . "  Well , its a tough thing , Bob , for you , for John , the rest , " he said after the April 30 , 1973 , speech . "  But goddammit , I 'm never gon na discuss this son of a bitch Watergate thing again . Never , never , never , never . " Of course , like much of what he had just told Americans , it did n't turn out to be true . Nixon would be forced to deal with Watergate over and over again in the next year or so , culminating with his own resignation in August 1974 -- a development forced by the discovery of conversations like those released Wednesday by the National Archives . The 340 hours of recordings are the last installment of a record that has kept historians busy for four decades . They run from April 1973 through that July , when the microphones were turned off after a probing Congress learned of the tapes . The new batch includes calls of support from two future presidents following the April 30 speech : Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush . "  We 're still behind you out here , and I wanted you to know that you 're in our prayers , " said Reagan , then governor of California and a rising conservative star . Story behind ` Our Nixon 's ' unique home movies "  How nice of you to say that , " Nixon replied . "  Well , let me tell you this . That we can be -- all each of us has a different religion , you know ? But goddammit , Ron , we have got to build peace in the world , and that 's what I 'm working on . " Bush , then the Republican Party 's chairman , told Nixon , "  I was really proud of you , and my golly , I know it was tough , and I just wanted to tell you that . " Nixon replied , "  Well , good for you , George . " The Watergate scandal began to unravel with the June 1972 break-in at the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee . Five operatives of the Nixon re-election campaign were arrested in the attempt to illegally wiretap phones at the offices , located in the Watergate office building in Washington . The inner demons that drove Nixon The subsequent investigations revealed that within days of the arrests , Nixon had discussed warning FBI agents away from the burglary probe by having the CIA claim the break-in was part of a national security operation . Nixon resigned shortly after the U.S. Supreme Court ordered him to turn over a recording of that conversation to investigators . Other tapes out Wednesday include Nixon discussing China with National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger and meeting with evangelist Billy Graham , the widow of baseball star Roberto Clemente and the Brazilian soccer legend Pele , who spoke of wanting to spread his sport to the United States . He 's heard speaking with a variety of world leaders , including West German Chancellor Willy Bradt and Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau . The tapes captured a June 1973 summit meeting between Nixon and Soviet Premier Leonid Brezhnev , in which Brezhnev bemoaned complaints about the world 's two superpowers . Four lessons from Nixon 's failed presidency "  There are some people who keep throwing in this idea of there being two superpowers in the world who are out to dictate their , as they say , dictate their will , to foist their will upon others , and so forth , " Brezhnev said . "  Now , but , are we to blame for being big ? Are we to blame for being strong ? What can we do about it ? That is the way it is . " And Nixon talks of winding down the war in Vietnam and the return of American prisoners of war , justifying the December 1972 bombing raids on Hanoi that he credited with their release . "  The North Vietnamese had reneged on the agreement , they had attached conditions with regard to return of POWs , they had attached conditions on the return of civilians themselves , " he told Roger Shields , a Pentagon official working with the former prisoners . "  We said no conditions . That 's why we had to bomb . One of the major reasons we had to bomb . And it worked . " CNN 's Athena Jones and Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	Last round of Watergate tapes include Nixon 's talks with aides , Brezhnev , Kissinger After aides resigned , Nixon said he was done with Watergate Nixon said he would "  never , never , never , never " talk about it again The White House recordings helped drive him from office more than a year later
Entertainment Weekly  -- Ron Asheton , the guitarist for the influential punk rock band The Stooges , was found dead this morning , police tell the Detroit Free Press . Ron Asheton helped form The Stooges in 1967 with his brother Scott and Iggy Pop . The 60-year-old 's body was found in his Ann Arbor , Michigan , home after a caller phoned police saying they had n't heard from him in a few days . Authorities are investigating the cause of death , but foul play is not suspected . The Stooges were founded in 1967 in Ann Arbor by Iggy Pop , Asheton , and his brother , Scott Asheton . Though never a major commerical success , the band has been cited by artists like Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth and Jack White of the White Stripes as a major influence . The group 's albums included a self-titled debut , which was released in 1969 , and 1970 's "  Fun House . " Among the group 's songs are "  I Wan na Be Your Dog , " "  1969 " and "  Raw Power . " The Stooges are nominated for induction in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , with inductees set to be announced later this month . They reunited for a series of shows in 2003 , and released a new record , "  The Weirdness , " in 2007 . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stooges ' Ron Asheton dead at 60 Asheton was guitarist for influential band of late '60s , early '70s Stooges nominated for Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction
CNN  -- Only a few hours had passed after the Boston Marathon bombing , which killed three people and injured hundreds , when this little nugget of inspiration showed up in my Twitter feed : "  Back home . You know what ? I 'm going for a run . Definitely . " That tweet is from Peter Vigneron , a writer who was at the marathon when the bombs went off . Luckily , as he writes on his blog , he was far enough from the blasts to be safe . As the hours went by I started to see more online posts like that -- runners in Boston and elsewhere making pledges to lace up their sneakers and hit the road . It felt like a groundswell of grass-roots action , a collective statement that this tragedy , no matter who perpetrated it or why , was n't going to stop people from doing what they love . iReport : Run for Boston 2014 By Tuesday , people from Hong Kong , India , Canada , England , Croatia , Brazil , Mexico , Russia and the Netherlands were using the hashtag #runforboston and a Google doc created by CNN iReporter Becca Obergefell to log their journeys . The momentum has been building . As of early Tuesday afternoon , 360 people had logged more than 1,200 running miles on Obergefell 's page . People also have been sharing their stories with her . "  I ran to clear my head , but it did n't work . So I ran because I could . Because the freedom of running was n't taken away from me . Because the running community stretches to all cities and all places , and I 'm glad to be a part of it , " one person wrote to Obergefell , a 26-year-old in Columbus , Ohio . I heard these stories and got inspired . That 's why I 'm pledging to run a marathon in honor of Boston -- and , since I 'm kind of a couch potato , I 'm going to pledge to do it by April 15 , 2014 , the 1-year anniversary of the tragedy . I 'd like to invite you to do the same . Sign up by going to the "  Run for Boston 2014 " page on CNN iReport and uploading a photo of you and your running shoes . Alternatively , post the photo to Instagram or Twitter with the hashtag #runforboston and #cnnireport . If you 're so inclined , tell us why you 're running . You do n't have to pledge to run a marathon . Run a mile or a 5K -- or do a walk . The important thing is to get out there and get moving . Do it for Boston . Do it for your health . Or , if you use the simple app called Charity Miles , you can do it to raise money for one of the several worthy charities it features . I 'm doing it because I feel like I 've got to do something . It 's been 12 years since 9/11 and 18 years since the Oklahoma City bombing . I was safely miles away , in a middle school classroom , when a bomb exploded in downtown Oklahoma City , killing 168 . But that morning is stuck in my memory forever . I 'm running because I do n't want any of these tragedies to change me or to change us as a people -- to make us afraid , to keep us indoors . I am by no means a regular runner -- or even a runner at all . One of my friends saw a post about this idea on Facebook and thought I was joking . So please do n't feel shy about signing up to do something new . I have no idea what I 'm getting myself into -- and I think that 's probably a good thing , at least for now . CNN also hopes to make a video about the collective journey -- and I 'm running to see what it will be like to  hopefully  complete this challenge as a group . I could go on , but instead I 'm going to go take a photo with my sneakers . And then hit the sidewalk . I hope you 'll do the same . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Runners are hitting the road in support of Boston bombing victims John Sutter : I 'm pledging to run a marathon by April 2014 ; join me Sign up for the CNN iReport challenge : Run for Boston 2014 Sutter says the #runforboston hashtag led to the challenge
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A woman described as a "  struggling actress " filed a sex harassment lawsuit against actor David Boreanaz Thursday , claiming he made unwanted sexual advances while offering her a role on his TV series "  Bones . " Kristina Hagan 's suit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , said she was working as an extra in an episode of the crime drama in August 2009 when Boreanaz approached her and said he had "  the ability to make things happen for her . " A statement from a representative for Boreanaz called the accusations "  totally fabricated and absurd . " "  There is no validity to this lawsuit , " the statement said . "  She is an actress who is working towards her goals , but who like many other actresses has not yet been able to achieve them , " Hagan 's lawyer , Gloria Allred , said . "  For that reason she is extremely vulnerable as many actresses are in Hollywood . " Allred said she also represents another woman who has filed a charge of sexual harassment in employment against Boreanaz . Boreanaz , 41 , stars in the series and is also an executive producer . "  She is informed and believes that he has used his ` star power ' and position to entice women who have a desire to act on the show ` Bones ' by promising or implying that he could get them work on the show and then using their vulnerability to obtain sexual favors from them , " Hagan 's suit said . The lawsuit described several instances in which Hagan alleged Boreanaz tried to grope and kiss her . "  Ms. Hagan did her best to deter his sexual advances , but did so in such a manner that she would not offend him since he had offered to assist her in her acting career , " the suit said . The harassment also involved cell phone text messages from Boreanaz to Hagan , including one with a photo of the actor 's genitals attached , the suit said . "  Ms. Hagan was offended by the text messages but nevertheless wanted to maintain a relationship with him because it was very important to her to secure employment as she was a struggling actress , " the suit said . Hagan was never given a role in the show , according to the suit . The lawsuit claims that Hagan has suffered "  emotional and psychological distress , wage losses , and loss of benefits " because of the harassment . It also names as defendants several production companies involved in the show , including 20th Century Fox Television . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	NEW : Boreanaz rep calls the suit "  totally fabricated and absurd " "  Struggling actress " claims "  Bones " actor sexually harassed her Woman says Boreanaz offered to "  make things happen for her " Lawsuit : Boreanaz used "  star power " to entice women
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Women shake their hips seductively and children dance in flip-flops to booming electronic music while young men brandish pistols and the occasional assault rifle . It 's just another funk party in one of the lawless favelas on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro . Since 2008 , when authorities launched a so-called "  pacification " effort , police have stormed dozens of slums to squeeze out criminal gangs and make the city safer for residents as well as the hundreds of thousands of tourists expected for the World Cup , which starts next month , and the 2016 Olympic Games . Initially , police targeted shantytowns closest to tourist hot spots , the iconic favelas that cling to hills overlooking Copacabana and Ipanema . But far from the sunny beaches and pretty promenades that line the coast , drug gangs still reign supreme . Even during the day , the drug business is brisk and carried out in the open . Armed men , often just teenagers , stand watch at corners and communicate by radio as housewives , workers and children coming home from school walk by . Sales are made from a plastic table erected on a corner , piled with little baggies of marijuana , hashish , cocaine , crack , even an inhalant containing ether . Money is stuffed in plastic containers . The local dealers agree to talk while they carry on with their trade . "  What we sell most is the famous white powder , the 20-real hits , " says Jorge as he holds up little baggies of cocaine , worth about $ 8 . A hit of crack costs about $ 2 and a baggie of marijuana about $ 4 . They say most of their customers are locals , but they increasingly have more clients coming from Rio 's wealthier neighborhoods because of the heavier police presence there . Jorge , 22 with bleached hair , wears board shorts and flip-flops and has an AR-15 slung over his shoulder . "  I was born in the middle of trafficking . I did n't see any other alternative , " he says . "  If I could choose a profession , I would be a fireman or a doctor . " For decades , Rio 's favelas were neglected by authorities , considered no-go zones even by police . Rival drug gangs fought for control . They became judge , jury and executioner -- and a part of daily life . Jorge says : "  If I told you I was n't afraid of dying it would be a lie . If I told you I avoided death , it would be a lie . I would n't be here trafficking if it were true . " But he says he thinks the greater police presence would make life worse for his community . Under the controversial pacification program , police have reduced crime and killings in the communities where they have seized control from drug gangs , but they have also come under fire for strong-arm tactics and excessive violence . In some cases they have been accused of murder . Police are investigating some allegations but say they are isolated incidents . In the hundreds of far-flung shantytowns that have n't yet been included in the program , feelings are mixed . A community organizer , who asked not to be named , said a police presence should just be the first step for greater participation in city life . "  What we need here are opportunities for our young people , like job training and internships , " he said . "  The police just come in here wanting to break heads . " But for Wagner , a former trafficker now interned at a drug rehabilitation shelter , pacification would be a way for his community to break free . "  My community lives in a constant war zone . There are people who support the traffickers , but they always want something in exchange : They want your son or they want you to leave your door open so they can escape from the police . They always want something , " he says . But most people seem to agree that the police first have to convince communities they wo n't just pack up and leave once the World Cup and Olympics are over .	Drug gangs still reign in Rio shantytowns that have n't seen pre-World Cup crackdowns ` Pacification ' is credited with reducing crime but accused of using heavy-handed tactics Residents carry on their lives with drug deals on corners and teens carrying guns One former trafficker says : "  My community lives in a constant war zone "
CNN  -- She towers above him , but she ca n't do without him -- so much so they even email each other up to 75 times a day . From the time they met 15 years ago , Maria Sharapova has been able to count on a man who has masterminded her rise to becoming the world 's highest-paid female athlete . "  He knows everything that 's going on . He knows where I 'm going to be tomorrow , he knows where I am now , " she told CNN 's Open Court show . "  He " is Max Eisenbud , who first met the Russian when she was a 12-year-old tennis hopeful working with renowned coach Nick Bollettieri in Florida . Then Eisenbud had a low-paying job liaising with young players ' parents at the Bradenton academy that IMG bought off Bollettieri , but now he 's Vice President of Tennis at the world 's leading sports agency -- having made a fortune not only for Sharapova but also China 's most bankable tennis star , Li Na , the No. 2 earner on Forbes ' 2012 female athlete list . "  As an agent you just get lucky sometimes , and I 'm just a really lucky guy , " said the 41-year-old agent . "  I just really try not to mess it up ! " Deal maker His lucky day came on July 3 , 2004 when the 17-year-old Sharapova stunned Serena Williams -- and the tennis world -- in the Wimbledon final to win her first grand slam title . With her model looks and youthful charm , blue-chip sponsors fell over themselves to get a piece of the action . Forbes magazine reported that Sharapova earned almost $ 28 million in the year up until June 2012 -- $ 22 million of that was from endorsements . They might make something of an odd duo , with the glamorous Sharapova standing at 6 foot 2 inches and Eisenbud , a short , balding man from New Jersey , but as a business partnership they have the perfect synergy . "  We 've just been very open and honest and real , and he 's someone who says it like it is , " said Sharapova , who like Eisenbud was born in April -- but 15 years apart . "  I think that 's one of the greatest things that I appreciate in people , and he 's done that from the very beginning . He understood the dynamic of me being the athlete , of working for me . "  Agents have much bigger jobs than just everyday life -- booking planes , looking into your agenda -- of course he 's trying to make you money and make you big deals , but at the end of the day , he does everything for me . "  He has this old-fashioned calendar and just looks at every date . He knows my schedule , exactly when I 'm flying to this tournament , when I 'll be back , when we can fit this in . "  He knows my training hours so there are some things that I prioritize over others , and there are certainly some shoots creatively that I would like to do and he 's like , ` We just do n't have time for it ' , so I have to ax that out , but we usually agree on many things . " While Sharapova is comfortable on the red carpet and at celebrity parties , her manager is happier making deals . "  He 's constantly looking at his BlackBerry ... if you need to get his attention , you should probably send him an email . That 's the way I see our relationship , " she said . "  He 's very good at some things ; others he 's just absolutely hopeless at , like if you go to an event and you 're on the red carpet , he has no idea what 's going on . "  He 's like ` Hey ' and he 's talking to all these people and you 're like , ` OK , where am I going ? Am I doing interviews ? Or a step and repeat ? What 's going on ? ' "  That 's not his forte . His thing is getting on the phone , getting deals done , getting the schedule together . All those business decisions , so there are things that I know I need to bring in other people for . " Super agent Eisenbud sees his role as a juggler of commitments . "  I think I 'm more of a facilitator , an organizer . I know when to bring things to her because she 's in the middle of a tournament , and when she needs to stay focused some more , so it 's not distracting her tennis , " he says . "  I think that 's kind of my skill . We do probably anywhere between 30 and 75 emails a day between us , so sometimes we do n't even need to talk on the phone . She just sets the vision and I 'm just able to try to do my best to try and follow her vision . " From clothing and cosmetics to her latest foray -- a self-funded candy line -- Sharapova has a strong business strategy . "  If I did n't want to play tennis again , I 'd have enough money to live for the rest of my life but I do respect the money that I 've made because I did n't grow up having a lot of money , " said Sharapova , whose parents fled their native Belarus soon after the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear accident , just before she was born . Her father accompanied her to the United States in 1994 , taking low-paying jobs before she enrolled at the $ 35,000-a-year IMG academy on a scholarship , aged nine . "  My family never had it , so I 'm always very respectful for every single dollar that I make to this day . I really came from nothing , " she said . "  I was living a normal , average , everyday life back in Russia and we had a dream and I had a talent and we moved to the U.S. "  Of course I 'm so lucky and fortunate to have and earn great money but at the end of the day , we did earn it with my parents and their hard work and their sacrifices and all the hours on the court . " Eisenbud may work with other players -- he has a group of young hopefuls as well as Li -- but he says Sharapova will always be his focus . He 's been there from her early highs , to the lowest of the lows when it seemed a shoulder injury would end her career back in 2008 . "  I 've been with her so long , to see her smiling on the court , there 's nothing better , " he said , with Sharapova this year winning the Indian Wells title in March and last Sunday beating Li in the Stuttgart final to retain her title . "  It 's pretty hard for me . I know too much information that other people do n't . I know what 's on the line , where we are with different things and what wins would mean , so I get a little nervous . " With Li also earning big deals , Eisenbud is akin to football 's "  super agents " such as Jorge Mendes , who works with Cristiano Ronaldo and Jose Mourinho . "  Rather than competing against one another , Sharapova and Na actually provide Eisenbud 's business with much greater global coverage , " British sports business expert Simon Chadwick told CNN . "  There is a degree of overlap in that they are both global tennis stars , whom the general public are aware of . This poses issues of clarity , focus and targeting for Eisenbud . "  However , as brands , they are significantly different propositions , which means that they are likely to appeal to different groups of people in different countries around the world . " Life after tennis It was last year 's French Open success that really crowned Sharapova 's comeback , having been written off after a long struggle to rebuild her career following that shoulder operation . "  That was emotional , I definitely had a lot of tears , " Eisenbud recalled . "  I was with her when she had the shoulder surgery , I was there when she woke up , I saw her first rehabs , I saw all the tough times , I heard all the journalists writing her off , Pam Shriver saying she 'll never win a grand slam again , all the people just ` never never never . ' "  If I 'm seeing it I 'm sure she 's seeing it , so when she was able to win that -- get on her knees and win that French Open -- that was just a lot of , ' I told you so ' and ` do n't count me out . ' "  Here 's a great champion that had all the money in the world , all the glory , all the titles , but she wanted to come back and win , and it just says a lot about her . " But the injury did turn Sharapova 's thoughts to life after tennis , and the resulting launch last year of her "  Sugarpova " candy was her first independent business project . "  There 's a lot of downtime on the tour and she uses it a lot , " Eisenbud said . "  She 's involved in everything she does , she 's not a silent owner -- she runs and drives everything that she 's doing and I just try to implement it while she 's on the court . "  Everything we 've been doing now for the last couple of years has been thinking about life after tennis . We did n't want her career to end and then all of a sudden start thinking about it . "  I think Sugarpova will be a huge business for her after tennis . She 'll be getting into a lot of different things -- cosmetics , fragrance , clothing -- so I think it 's just the beginning right now for her . "	Tennis star Maria Sharapova is the world 's highest-paid female athlete . Max Eisenbud has been working with the Russian since she was 12 She says he does "  everything for me " from organizing travel to brokering deals Eisenbud has also helped her tennis rival Li Na become a top-earning athlete
CNN  -- Let 's pretend you just won $ 40 million . Do you sprint up and down the street "  like a crazy woman " ? Break into a "  happy dance , " while holding your oversized lottery check ? Celebrate by chowing down at a Chinese buffet with your family ? If you 're Maria Carreiro , the answer is all of the above -- and then some . The 51-year-old grandmother could n't contain her excitement , when she talked to , sang to and danced for reporters on Monday after her big , big win . "  Thank you Lord , thank you Lord ! " sang the ebullient , dancing Carreiro . The Portuguese immigrant bought the ticket last Friday at Variety and Video , a store in Toronto , according to the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation . It was a bit of a splurge , because she did n't "  have a lot of spending money , " but it was one that would change her life forever . After an initial check on Saturday morning , she excitedly told her daughter that she had won $ 40,000 . "  Then ... she checked on the computer , " Carreiro recalled . "  She said , ` Mommy , you 're $ 40 million richer . ' " What followed was pure joy . "  So I ran down the street like a crazy woman and checked the lottery ticket , and it said $ 40 million , " she said of the winning ticket , which works out to about $ 39.4 million U.S. dollars . "  And then I go , ` Oh my god ! ' And I ran back up the street , home . And then I go , ' I need a glass of water , ' " added an ever-smiling Carreiro , stirring laughter from the press corps . For years , she worked in factories . Beyond that , many of her days have been spent caring for her children and grandchildren . Now , the time has come to take care of all of them and herself . That includes the honeymoon she never had , in Hawaii , with her husband , who at first did n't believe they 'd struck it rich but has since quit his job . Carreiro said she also plans on using the money to buy a house "  for my daughters and me . "  But first , she said , the family enjoyed an all-you-can-eat meal at a Chinese restaurant . While there 's no hiding their joy , her family is still coming to grips with their new , much richer reality -- after years of hard work , sacrifice and doing what they could to get by . "  It still has n't sunk in , " said Carreiro 's daughter Manuela , her eyes welling with tears . "  My dad works so hard , and we 've been struggling so much ... $ 40 million is so much money . " New Jersey man wins $ 338 million Powerball CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Maria Carreiro bought a lottery ticket and initially thought she 'd won $ 40,000 Her daughter checked online and told her , "  Mommy , you 're $ 40 million richer " The Portuguese immigrant says she 'll buy a house , go on a long-awaited honeymoon "  We 've been struggling so much , $ 40 million is so much money , " her tearful daughter says
CNN  -- A bus packed with children burst into flames in Colombia on Sunday , killing at least 32 people , officials said . The bus was picking up children from an event at a church in Fundacion , Colombia , when the blaze began , Col. Adan Leon told CNN affiliate Caracol TV . "  Everyone started to scream and run , " a child who was on the bus told Caracol , describing how he escaped through a window . Victims of the deadly fire included 31 children and one adult , Harry Aaron , a civil defense official in Magdalena department , told CNN . Authorities are investigating what caused the fire , Leon told Caracol . One witness told Caracol that the driver went to get a drink and left children to put gasoline into the vehicle 's tank . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos expressed condolences on Twitter Sunday and traveled to the northern Colombian municipality to be with victims . "  The country is in mourning , " he said . 48 die in bus crash No evidence of fire before FedEx truck crashes into bus	NEW : 31 children were killed when a bus caught fire NEW : Colombia 's President is in the municipality where the bus fire occurred The bus was picking up children from a church , police say Authorities are investigating what caused the deadly blaze
London  CNN  -- Many Britons had awoken with a jolt that morning in April 1982 as news of the invasion on their digital clock radios left them struggling to believe their ears , oblivious even to the breezy new duet by Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder that followed . But the panic had faded by the time they had boiled their kettles for tea and poured the milk onto their cornflakes with the realization that the little-known Falkland Islands were not , as most had assumed , just off the coast of Scotland . And , with the discovery that the islands were thousands of kilometers away on the other side of the world , and home to more penguins than people , most simply shrugged . Any thought of defending the islands was , of course , ridiculous . It had hardly been Britain 's finest hour to have been shown up as the decrepit ruritanian relic it had become by Argentina 's brutal military junta . But the sun had been setting on the empire for decades and a guano-stained archipelago hardly seemed to offer good value for money for already overstretched British taxpayers . Indeed the continuing existence of such imperial anachronisms was something of an embarrassment to the center-right Conservative government of the day , led by the supine Michael Heseltine , as it sought to forge closer ties with European neighbors still wary of the UK 's jingoistic past . Within days the QE2 ocean liner had been dispatched to the South Atlantic to collect those islanders who wanted to return home to the land of their distant forebears . A lightly populated island in the outer Hebrides was identified and the islanders handsomely compensated for the inconvenience of having had their spare rooms and sandwich toasters occupied by polite but nervous teenage Argentine conscripts . Most felt that justice had eventually been done when England , fueled by the desire to extract some revenge for the humiliation of 1982 , beat Argentina on their way to winning the 1986 World Cup in Mexico , albeit with the help of a large slice of luck when Steve Hodge , now remembered as the greatest player of his generation , blatantly handled the ball for his first goal . Perhaps buoyed by the ease with which the Falklands issue had been resolved  The Sun newspaper had hailed it as the greatest British retreat since Dunkirk  , Heseltine had embarked on a game show-style giveaway of the last remaining blobs of pink on the world map . A memorable sketch by the "  Spitting Image " satirical TV show portrayed him as Leslie Crowther , host of the popular British version of "  The Price is Right , " announcing "  China ! Come on down ! Spain ! Come on Down ! " as Hong Kong and Gibraltar were hurriedly handed over to their new masters like the keys to a new speedboat . But it was the next government that would lay the foundations for the prosperous and cohesive Britain we live in today . The 1984 election had thrown Denis Healey 's Labour Party into coalition with the centrist Social Democratic Party-Liberal Alliance , a configuration that seemed to reflect the harmonious spirit of the era . Sensing a defining shift in public mood , Healey announced that the UK would decommission its Polaris nuclear deterrent and abandon plans to replace it . He also pulled British troops home from bases all over the world , slashing military expenditure . The consequences could not have been more far reaching . France followed suit , decommissioning its own nuclear weapons and hailing a new spirit of entente cordiale by announcing ambitious plans to link Paris to London via a rail tunnel under the English Channel . With Britain declaring itself nuclear weapon-free , the United States moved its stockpile of warheads to West Germany . But this provoked mass protests in West Berlin , Bonn , Frankfurt and Hamburg , as well as in East Berlin and the East German cities of Dresden , Leipzig and Karl-Marx-Stadt , as those on both sides of the Iron Curtain rejected the stranglehold that the two superpowers had exerted on Europe . By 1990 both Washington and Moscow had withdrawn their forces from the continent and the Cold War was over . In the UK , meanwhile , in addition to massive savings on the slimmed down military , the government had also found its coffers swollen by the proceeds of the North Sea oil boom . Much of the money was diverted to northern England , regenerating a region that had been long dependent on old fashioned manufacturing industries as a hub for new technologies and computing in a process known as the Big Bang . There were complaints from London of a growing north-south divide as tax breaks and deregulation attracted the smartest talent from the nascent computing scene in California and elsewhere , with Sheffield swapping steel for microchips and the Don Valley dubbed "  Silicon Valley . " But nowadays Amstrad dominates the market not just in home computers and laptops but in mobile phones , while Clive Sinclair 's latest tablet had geeks queueing outside Spectrum stores in London , New York and Tokyo . The rest of the money was placed in a sovereign wealth fund that has ever since lavished the British people with the most generous welfare system on the planet and made the National Health Service a beacon of medical research . British scientists pick up Nobel prizes so frequently these days that they are hardly deemed newsworthy , but one has stood out above all others for her contribution to the wellbeing of the planet . Margaret Thatcher had originally planned to go into politics , but she had soon found that the prospects for a female MP in the then-male dominated world of Westminster were far from enticing . Returning to her first love of chemistry , she proved to be a determined , dedicated and headstrong researcher with a natural aptitude for leadership , rising through the ranks to run her own medical laboratory . Her achievements included developing a treatment for emphysema , a breakthrough for which she was lauded by the National Union of Mineworkers . In the former colliery villages of northern England , long retired miners still raise a glass to Maggie , as she is affectionately known . But it was her groundbreaking work on cancer cells that would eventually earn Thatcher the Nobel medical prize . As she had eloquently put it as she collected the award in Oslo , urging others to continue her relentless fight against the disease , "  We always have to be aware of the enemy within . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Hooper .	Former UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died last week aged 87 Simon Hooper imagines what might have happened if she had chosen different career UK would have handed over Falklands to Argentina and abandoned nuclear weapons , he says
CNN  When the USS Kauffman steamed out of Norfolk Naval Station earlier this month , it marked the beginning of the end for an entire class of vessels in the U.S. Navy . The Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate will be the last of more than four dozen such ships to put itself in harm 's way . "  I am honored and humbled to have this opportunity to lead such a capable and proud group of sailors on this , the final deployment of an FFG-7 class ship , and to be the last in a great line of frigate commanding officers , " the Kauffman 's skipper , Cmdr. Michael Concannon , said in a Navy statement . The final mission for the Kauffman and its crew of 250 will be to combat drug trafficking in the U.S. Southern Command 's area of responsibility , the waters of the Caribbean and off the coasts of Central and South America . "  What a fitting mission for this great ship and crew to leave as its final legacy , keeping drugs off the streets of America by stopping them at the source , " Concannon said . After it returns from the drug trafficking mission , the Kauffman will have spent more than 28 years in the U.S. Navy . It will be decommissioned in September and possibly put up for sale to an allied navy . The first of the Perry class , the USS Oliver Hazard Perry , was launched in 1976 . The Navy once had 51 of the Perry-class ships , which were up to 453 feet long and displaced as much as 4,300 tons . They enjoyed a reputation for toughness , especially after two suffered battle damage in the Persian Gulf in the late 1980s . Perhaps the most famous of the Perry-class ships was the USS Stark , which survived a deadly attack in the Persian Gulf . Thirty-seven U.S. sailors were killed on May 17 , 1987 , when an Iraqi jet fired two Exocet missiles into the ship while it was on patrol during the Iran-Iraq war . Less than a year later , another Perry-class frigate , the USS Samuel B. Roberts , was struck by an Iranian mine , wounding 10 of its crew , blowing a 15-foot hole in its hull and breaking the frigate 's keel , damage that almost always sends a ship to the bottom . The crew of the Roberts , however , was able to save the vessel , in part by using heavy steel cables to tie cracked portions of the ship 's superstructure together . The Roberts was then loaded onto another ship , the Mighty Servant 2 , in Dubai and transported back to the U.S. , ship on ship . Both the Stark and the Roberts were eventually fully repaired and returned to the fleet . The Stark was scrapped in 2006 . The Roberts completed what is expected to be its final mission in December , with its decommissioning planned for this year . The Navy defines the primary missions of frigates as protecting shipping and anti-submarine warfare . Those duties will be taken up by the service 's new littoral combat ships , 20 of which are either in the fleet , under construction or under contract . Navy Secretary Ray Mabus announced last week that the LCS will succeed the Perry-class frigates in more than mission . "  Somehow , in the 21st century , we started naming ships with strange acronyms ... instead of from our naval traditions ... so we are going to change the hull designation of the # LCS class ships to FF  frigate  ... appropriate and traditional name , " Mabus said in a speech to the Surface Navy Association 's annual symposium . Those newly designated frigates will join the world 's oldest active warship in the U.S. Navy 's frigate fleet , the USS Constitution . Nicknamed "  Old Ironsides , " the Navy 's historic tall-masted showpiece was commissioned in 1797 and sails from Boston Harbor to promote the service .	The USS Kauffman 's deployment is the last for Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigates Perry-class frigates have been in the U.S. Navy for almost 40 years In the 1980s , attacks nearly sank two Perry-class frigates in the Persian Gulf Navy secretary says littoral combat ships will be the new frigates
CNN  -- Vincent Kompany has signed a new six-year contract with Manchester City -- the longest contract offered to a player in the club 's history . It is unusual for players to be offered more than five years for a contract , but the 26-year-old Belgian has been a key figure for City and captained the club to their first league title in 44 years last season . "  For me if you are good somewhere then there is no reason to look elsewhere . Man City as a project is not just a project of the owners or the people employed by the club ; it is also my project , " Kompany told the club 's website . "  I have been here since the beginning and I have seen everything at the club change inside and out , " added Kompany , who joined the club in 2008 from Hamburg SV for $ 9.25 m. "  It is good to know that I can be at City for another six years . It is a compliment that the club feels so highly of me . " Using Facebook to bounty-hunt football 's ` disappeared ' players The Belgian international , who was captain when City won the FA Cup in 2011 , was selected in the Professional Footballers ' Association Team of the Year last season , alongside teammates David Silva , Joe Hart and Yaya Toure . "  Our title win was amazing and one of the best feelings ever for us and the fans , " said Kompany , reflecting on City 's Premier League triumph , that was only confirmed in stoppage-time after Sergio Aguero 's winner in the 3-2 victory against QPR . "  That last game against QPR will be a very special part of City 's history for the next 50 or 100 years but now is the time to look forward . " "  We have laid the foundations and now we want to win more . If we do that then we can be one of the most successful clubs for a long time to come and that is the aim . "	Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has played 127 times for the club since arriving in 2008 Kompany has won the FA Cup and the Premier League with City His contract extension is the longest to be given to a City player Last season Kompany was voted Premier League Player of the Season
CNN  -- Ebola may have faded from the headlines in the United States , but the threat -- to Africa and the rest of the world -- remains . This month , the Senate Homeland Security Committee held a hearing on Ebola , including testimony by Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . He noted that the CDC had lowered its estimate of the number of cases likely to emerge in West Africa . Despite this positive news , Ebola remains largely out of control in Sierra Leone . The World Health Organization announced this month that Guinea is "  relatively stable , " but the recent spread of the virus into Mali only confirms the need for a greater sustained effort to combat Ebola at its origin . That 's why many experts are cautioning that declaring the emergency over is premature . And it 's why the Obama administration and key members of Congress are requesting $ 6.1 billion to beef up our ability to eradicate Ebola and prepare for future epidemics . There are two reasons why this emergency is far from over . First , as long as Ebola rages in West Africa , health care systems in the United States and elsewhere will need to remain on high alert . There is no way to assure that Ebola -- or other known and unknown biological threats -- will be contained without the ability on a global scale to identify , manage , eradicate or even prevent these diseases from spreading . Improving our capacity to develop vaccines , respond to crises overseas and develop other countermeasures for dangerous viruses are vital . Second , the death from Ebola of Thomas Eric Duncan in Dallas was a powerful illustration of how unprepared we are to deal with large-scale biological threats . Few of the almost 5,000 hospitals in the United States are at the level of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York , Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , the University of Nebraska Medical Center or the handful of other facilities that have been designated as ready to handle Ebola-like illnesses . Why are n't we ready ? Part of the problem is that budget cuts over the last decade have slashed the federally funded Hospital Preparedness Program and special disaster funding for public health agencies . Indeed , since 2008 , some 50,000 public health positions have been eliminated due to funding cuts . For many public health agencies , even getting routine work done , never mind responding to crises , is proving a challenge for many communities in the United States . The emergency funds being sought to respond to Ebola here and in Africa are critical to helping protect the American public . The recent U.S. experience of Ebola was a wake-up call . But if the country hits the snooze button once the media coverage fades , we 'll have missed a critical moment to deal not just with this deadly illness , but with future disasters , too .	Irwin Redlener : Ebola headlines in U.S. may have receded , but it 's mistake to think threat gone He says Ebola is out of control in Sierra Leone and has spread to Mali Redlener says U.S. hospitals remain woefully unprepared for potential resurgence Budget cuts have hit key preparedness programs , but we ca n't hit snooze button , he says
This is what an ISIS rout looks like in Iraq : Up to 300 troops killed . Others missing , possibly dead or having fled . Dozens of military vehicles , from tanks to ambulances , destroyed or seized . And the Iraqi military in disarray , so much so the country 's Prime Minister has sent "  anti-terrorism forces ... to hold the negligent  military  leaders responsible . " What happened Sunday east of Falluja , around military encampments in Saqlawiyah and Sejar , is bad enough for the Iraqi government . Yet what makes it worse is that it 's happened before . This latest incident was particularly galling because , according to surviving Iraqi soldiers , military commanders did n't follow up on troops ' pleas for airstrikes or other help , and instead stranded them . And the fact this is n't an isolated episode raises big questions about whether the Iraqi military is up to the fight against ISIS and whether other nations -- the United States being chief among them -- should devote manpower and air power to supporting them . Bill Roggio -- the editor of the Long War Journal , which provides information and analysis on terrorists and efforts to combat them -- said Thursday that those who believe Iraqi troops , like moderate Syrian opposition forces , can beat back ISIS fighters on the ground , on their own , are in "  for a very rude awakening . " "  I think the events since the Islamic State invasion , " said Roggio -- using the term that ISIS calls itself -- "  have shown the Iraqi military is incapable of going toe-to-toe  with ISIS  . " Iraq 's military has been overrun before ISIS , which is also sometimes referred to as ISIL or DAIISH , is n't new to the fighting game . It emerged in the early 2000s as al Qaeda in Iraq , developing a grisly reputation for attacking U.S. and allied forces , assassinating officials and beheading hostages . A U.S.-led push significantly weakened the Islamist extremist group , which contains some former members of ousted Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein 's military , but did n't wipe it out entirely . Instead , the group was reborn as ISIS , then the Islamic State , with a new mission to control as much territory as possible under its strict interpretation of Islamic law , or Sharia . In many ways , ISIS has succeeded . It took advantage of instability in Syria to take large swaths of that country . And the group advanced into Iraq , bringing with it its brutal tactics of killing men , women and children who did n't subscribe to its extreme beliefs or just got in the way . Iraq , though , was n't supposed to be Syria . It 's not in the middle of a bloody , complicated , years-long civil war . It has a large military that is not being challenged by opposition forces on all sides . And , in theory , this armed forces should be somewhat battle-tested from the 2000s . Yet Iraq 's military has n't always fared well against ISIS . The most glaring example came in June , when soldiers and police dropped their weapons and fled their posts in Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . Militants overrun Mosul , as Iraqi soldiers flee Since then , a lot has changed . Chief among them : International forces have gotten involved . A U.S.-led coalition has conducted airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq , and more recently in Syria , while calling on allied Iraqi troops to do their part on the ground to turn back the terrorist group . But one thing that has n't necessarily changed much is the Iraqi military 's capability to do just that -- as this week 's incident showed . Soldiers : No response to requests for help In a statement , ISIS explained that its mobilized fighters overran an Iraqi military checkpoint , destroyed several tanks and cut off the Iraqi military 's supply routes . Then , its attack really began . An injured Iraqi man -- apparently recounting the ordeal in a video posted to YouTube , though his account could n't wholly be confirmed by CNN -- said he was stationed with eight other soldiers on a school 's rooftop when he saw two black Humvees drive in and several men , all dressed in black , get out . "  Thinking it was Iraqi special forces , I called my commander ... and he said , ` Let me check , ' " the man said . The men in black were n't Iraqi special forces . The Iraqi soldier said he eventually engaged the men , claiming he killed four militants before getting shot himself . He stayed there for hours , waiting for support . "  From 2:30 a.m. until 10 a.m. , no one came to help us , " the man said , claiming he kept calling his commander . " ... No one responded , and they sent us nothing . " Another man who said he is an Iraqi soldier , featured in a video posted Sunday to YouTube , described how militants blew up two Humvees .  ISIS credited one of these blasts to a Saudi man who detonated an armored vehicle with two tons of explosives . This second Iraqi soldier said he alerted an Iraqi military leader about the suicide bombing . "  He said , ` Yes , yes , air support is on its way , ' " he added . "  Since I made the call to him until I reached  a  base about three hours later , I did not see a single plane . " Two senior Iraqi senior security officials in Ramadi told CNN that 113 troops died in the ISIS attack on the Sejar military base and the fate of 78 others is unknown . Iraqi security forces tried , but failed , to deliver food and water to nearly 300 more stranded Iraqi soldiers , the officials said . ISIS , meanwhile , claimed that nearly 300 Iraqi troops were killed in the onslaught . It also reported destroying 65 Iraqi military vehicles , including 41 Humvees , and seizing 37 others . Can Iraqi forces defeat ISIS on the ground ? The whole ordeal spurred Haider al-Abadi -- who , as Iraq 's Prime Minister , is also commander in chief of its military -- to issue "  orders to detain and interrogate the army commanders of the regiments who showed negligence , " according to a statement issued through his military spokesman . Al-Abadi also called for reinforcements and supplies to the affected area , as well as intensified airstrikes . "  The ... commander praises the sacrifices made by the security forces stationed in combat positions and defending the homeland against terrorists , noting the battle with ISIS will end in victory , God willing , for Iraq and its people , " the statement said . "  And ISIS will be defeated at the hands of the brave men of our security forces . " Not everyone agrees -- at least given how things stand now on the ground . Roggio notes ISIS has managed to defeat Iraqi troops , Syrian troops , other anti-government fighters in Syria , "  and they 've done it all at the same time . " One big thing these militants have going for them , especially compared to Iraq 's military , is their ruthlessness and drive . "  It 's a level of commitment the Iraqi forces do n't display , " Roggio said . "  You ca n't coach aggressiveness . " Yet the United States and others are counting on what U.S. Rear Adm. John Kirby called "  competent partners on the ground " to finish off ISIS and keep it at bay . He characterized the Iraqi security forces capabilities Thursday as "  a mix , " with some doing well and others not . But even if there are failures , that does n't mean American combat troops will be fighting in Iraq anytime soon . "  It 's going to be the Iraqi security forces and the Kurdish forces , " said Kirby , who is Pentagon spokesman . "  We 're continuing to strike targets in Iraq . " How effective will airstrikes be in "  degrading and destroying " ISIS , as U.S. officials have repeatedly stated is the end goal ? Can local ground forces be counted on to do their part ? And how long will this all last ? "  We can continue indefinitely , " said retired U.S. Army Col. Peter Mansoor , a CNN analyst who was Gen. David Petraeus ' executive officer in Iraq in 2007 and 2008 . "  But  battling militants like ISIS  is like mowing the grass . The grass will come back . "	ISIS fighters attack , overrun Iraqi troops stationed east of Falluja An Iraqi soldier claims "  no one came to help us " for hours after request Another says an Iraqi military leader promised airstrikes that never came Expert : Instances like this show Iraq 's military ca n't go "  toe-to-toe " with ISIS
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Hanksville , Utah  VBS.TV  -- Travel twenty minutes north of this tiny town , to the craggy red desert of the San Rafael Swell , and you may discover a spaceship . The cylindrical craft is n't from another world , but it offers a glimpse of one . It is the centerpiece of the Mars Desert Research Station , an environment created by the Mars Society , a growing non-profit organization that supports the research , exploration , and eventual colonization of the mysterious red planet . The swell , chosen as a simulation site for its topical resemblance to Mars , provides the volunteer researchers who come here with an opportunity to live and work in a Mars analog , an environment that 's as close to the red planet as is earthly possible . While conducting geological and psychological experiments that could someday be useful to a real Martian expedition , this small group of Mars devotees -- some space scientists , some simply eager adventurers -- live and work in complete "  sim . " They consume only dehydrated , shelf-stable food like Bisquick and ghee , exercise to preserve their muscles in "  reduced gravity , " abide by the "  if it 's yellow , let it mellow " adage in an effort to conserve water , and wear spacesuits when they venture outside . Animating their work is a vision of planetary colonization that is steadily creeping from the realm of sci-fi to reality . With the retirement of the Space Shuttle , NASA is shifting its focus to longer-term manned missions -- a dream that has been outlined by President Obama . "  Our goal is the capacity for people to work and learn , operate and live safely beyond the Earth for extended periods of time , ultimately in ways that are more sustainable and even indefinite , " the president told NASA in April of 2010 . He then followed this up stating by the mid 2030s , "  I believe we can send humans to orbit Mars and return them safely to Earth . And landing on Mars will follow . " See the rest of Mars on Earth at VBS.TV Even if trips to Mars are still decades away , public interest appears to be reaching new heights . After the Journal of Cosmology published a paper in October suggesting that the first trips to Mars would be feasible only as one-way journeys , the journal 's editor received over 400 emails from people "  volunteering " for the mission . Motherboard 's Kelly Loudenberg recently paid a visit to the Station to get a glimpse of what life on Mars looks like on Earth . Compared with present government-run experiments , like NASA 's undersea NEEMO and the European Space Agency 's Mars 500 -- a six-man , 18-month-long isolation test inside a mock spaceship -- life in the Society 's desert station can sometimes look like an elaborate make-believe game for grown-ups . But this is n't a lark or a theoretical exercise : living in a state of constant "  dress-up , " in the words of crew member Nori Cassman , is meant to prepare for the possibility of life -- human life -- on Mars .	Volunteer researchers live and work at station in the Utah desert , simulating life on Mars Environment created by group that supports exploration and colonization of the Red Planet Researchers wear spacesuits outside , consume only dehydrated , shelf-stable food
EW.com  -- Ever wonder what AMC 's ultra-violent hit "  The Walking Dead " would be like if it was edited for a broadcast network instead ? Fox-owned syndication channel MyNetworkTV has picked up the exclusive broadcast rights to re-air the zombie drama . Starting this fall , MyNet will run two episodes a week , edited for broadcast standards , from seasons of the show that have previously aired on AMC . Though not one of the popular Big 4 networks , MyNet reaches 97 percent of the country and is likewise categorized as a broadcast channel mostly airing repeats of shows like "  Monk , " "  House " and "  Law & Order : Criminal Intent . " ` Sleepy Hollow ' at PaleyFest : Five things we learned about season 2 "  It 's not often you get to add the hottest show on the planet to your lineup , " said Frank Cicha of the Fox Television Stations . "  We just did , and it 's a tremendous get for our stations . " "  The Walking Dead " could have ended up on broadcast  it was famously rejected by NBC  . And while we will never know what creative changes broadcast executives might have demanded of comic creator Robert Kirkman during a traditional network development process , we will get to find out what AMC 's version will look like when edited for a more family friendly audience . NBC renews ` Grimm , ' plus 2 more dramas MyNet confirms "  The Walking Dead " on MyNet will be edited to meet broadcast content standards and will carry a TV-14 rating . "  The Walking Dead " launched on AMC with a TV-14 rating in 2010 and grew to become TV 's top-rated drama among adults 18-49 . But after protest from parents group the Parents Television Council claiming that rating was far too lenient for the show 's graphic content , AMC switched "  TWD " rating last year to the stricter TV-MA . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Walking Dead " is going to be edited for broadcast standards It will air on the Fox-owned syndication channel MyNetworkTV Starting this fall , MyNet will run two episodes a week from previously aired seasons This move will make a family friendly version of "  Walking Dead " available
CNN  -- Even if you 've never visited Malaysia or Indonesia , it 's likely that you 've made contact with these countries through the chocolate bar you 've just eaten or the soap you 've just washed your hands with . Over 87 % of palm oil , a common ingredient in thousands of consumer commodities , was produced by the two countries in the past year , according to the United States Department of Agriculture  USDA  . Palm oil remains solid at room temperature , making it a remarkably versatile commodity used in cooking and processed food products like ice cream and cookies , as well as biofuels , agro-chemicals , and consumer products such as soaps , detergents , and cosmetics . As a result , demand for palm oil has been steadily rising since the 1970s , making it hugely valuable â $ " and profitable . Last week , Malaysian state-owned palm oil conglomerate Felda Global Ventures Holdings debuted on the Bursa Malaysia stock exchange in the world 's second largest Initial Public Offering  IPO  this year . The share price of the world 's third largest palm oil operator rose by 20 % , generating US$ 3.2 billion for the company . While the IPO has been a boon for the company 's coffers , conservationists say the palm oil industry has been a curse for the environment in Malaysia and Indonesia . Palm oil production threatens tropical forests , peatlands , and wildlife habitats , environmental groups such as Greenpeace say . More than 10 % of deforestation in Malaysia and Indonesia over the last 20 years occurred to make way for palm oil plantations , according to a report by the Union of Concerned Scientists  UCS  . In Indonesia , an average of 300,000 hectares is lost annually to palm oil clearing , the report said . One of the major consequences of deforestation is the effect on climate change . "  Because forested land , especially forested peatland , has a high carbon density , the production of palm oil on deforested lands causes disproportionately greater ... global warming emissions than an equal area of non-forested land , " according to the UCS report . The group estimates that growing and refining each metric ton of crude palm oil produces the equivalent of 0.86 metric ton of carbon dioxide or 860 kilograms . Each hectare of carbon-rich peatland drained to plant oil palms releases an estimated 3,750-5 ,400 tons of carbon dioxide over 25 years , said Wirendro Sumargo , a forest campaigner at Greenpeace Indonesia . By comparison , he said , 500-900 tons of carbon dioxide are released from clearing a hectare of tropical forest without peat bogs . Oil palms also have less biomass than the natural forests they replace , meaning the trees store much less carbon dioxide , according to UCS . Once oil palms reach the end of their productive life cycle , the destruction of their timber also returns carbon to the atmosphere . To harvest palm oil in an environmentally safe way , high carbon stock forests , peatlands , and high conservation value forests must be avoided for development , said Sumargo . He added that the Indonesian government has routinely granted concessions for oil palm development in forested areas , which has led to widespread deforestation in Sumatra and Kalimantan . The UCS also claims the government issues land leases on favorable terms to an elite , influential pool of investors . For example , the Sinar Mas Group , which owns one of the country 's leading palm oil growers-refineries , is controlled by the powerful Widjaja family empire . The company has been an ongoing target of heavy criticism from green groups for contributing to mass deforestation and the endangerment of wildlife . Over the past five years , Greenpeace has launched campaigns against snack food conglomerates , including Unilever and Nestle , after finding their products , such as Nestle 's Kit Kat chocolate bars , contained palm oil sourced from the Sinar Mas Group . Deforestation forces large animals , such as tigers , elephants and orangutans , into small and isolated pieces of natural habitat , according to Sumargo . While the campaigns increased consumer awareness and provoked Unilever and Nestle to suspend their contracts until Sinar Mas improved its practices , much work remains to be done to make the palm oil industry sustainable , environmental groups say . For its part , the Indonesia government implemented a two-year moratorium on new permits to clear primary forests in May 2011 , in a US$ 1B deal with Norway intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions stemming from deforestation . Others point out that the palm oil industry has significantly alleviated rural poverty in Indonesia , where over 10 % of the rural population lives below the poverty line . According to World Growth , over 41 % of palm oil plantations were owned by small landowners in 2008 , producing 6.6 million tons of palm oil . The palm oil industry contributes approximately 4.5 % of gross domestic product in Indonesia , according to the USDA . Felda Global Ventures manages nearly 425,000 hectares of land in Malaysia and Indonesia , the majority of which is used for oil palm cultivation , according to its website . Its associate company , Felda Holdings , produced 3.3 million tons of crude palm oil in fiscal 2011 , according to company spokesman Izan Hussain . Hussain said that company 's last plantings of oil palms occurred in the 1990s . "  Going forward , in newly acquired areas , where it involves planting in secondary forest areas , FGV will only do so after conducting high conservation value assessment , " he said . "  We will only proceed if the findings indicate that no wildlife or endangered species will be affected , nor any social conflicts will arise from the development of the land . " The company has a program in place to obtain certification from the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil  RSPO  for all 70 of their palm oil mills by 2017 , according to Hussain . He said that only eight mills are currently certified .	Over 87 % of palm oil produced by Malaysia and Indonesia in past year Palm oil is versatile ingredient in thousands of consumer commodities Demand for palm oil steadily rising since the 1970s , making it hugely profitable Green groups say palm oil industry threatens tropical forests , peatlands , and wildlife habitats
Rolling Stone  -- The returning Justin Timberlake and upstart rappers Macklemore and Ryan Lewis top the list of best-selling recording artists at the midyear point of 2013 , according to Nielsen SoundScan . As of June 30 , Timberlake 's "  The 20/20 Experience " has sold just over two million copies -- the only album to do so thus far this year . Best Albums of 2013 : Mid-year Report The rest of the top five best-selling albums include Bruno Mars ' "  Unorthodox Jukebox "  985,000 copies sold this year after a December release  , Mumford & Sons ' nine-month-old "  Babel "  884,000 sold in addition to 1.46 million sold by the end of last year  , Blake Shelton 's "  Based on a True Story ... "  703,000  and Imagine Dragons ' "  Night Visions "  692,000  . Macklemore and Ryan Lewis ' "  Thrift Shop " has broken a record for the most digital sales in the first six months of a calendar year , barely besting Gotye 's 5.5 million downloads of "  Somebody That I Used to Know " by this time last year . On the Charts : Wale Keeps the Hip-Hop Summer Rolling Pink , Mars , Rihanna and Imagine Dragons round out the top five in digital singles . Overall , sales of digital tracks are down two percent , to 682 million this year , while album sales are down six percent , to 142 million . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Justin Timberlake has the best-selling album of the year so far "  The 20/20 Experience " has sold just over two million copies Right behind him are Bruno Mars , Mumford & Sons and Blake Shelton Macklemore and Ryan Lewis have broken a record for the most digital sales so far
It 's not easy being a female entrepreneur in a country where women need a male guardian 's permission to work , rent property or travel . Yet in Saudi Arabia , a small but determined number of women are overcoming these obstacles to build their own thriving businesses . Social constraints in the conservative Kingdom have not stopped women from amassing substantial individual wealth . An estimated $ 11.9 billion is held by women primarily in bonds and bank accounts , according to asset managers Al Masah Capital . As it seeks to hedge against its overdependence on oil , there is increasing government recognition that women have a part to play in Saudi 's economic development . It has led to a moderate winding back of restrictions on women in the Kingdom smoothing the way for a new generation of young entrepreneurs , like Maria Mahdaly . In 2007 , aged 19 , she started Rumman  Pomegranate , in English  , a media and publishing house in Jeddah , with Enas Hashani and Bayan Abuzinadah . The company runs two ventures : A monthly city magazine with a circulation of 70,000 , called Destination Jeddah , and a social network called Fainak  Where Are You , in English  . By 2010 , Rumman was ranked as Saudi Arabia 's fastest growing start-up , with a growth rate of nearly 600 % , by the AllWorld Network , which produces rankings of private growth companies in emerging economies around the world . Meet Fortune 500 's female powerbrokers In the short life of her business , Mahdaly has experienced several legislative changes . Last year , King Abdullah signaled that women will have the right to run and vote in the 2015 local elections , and be appointed to the Shura Council , the most influential political body in the country . He has since allowed women to work in lingerie shops and enter sports stadiums . In May , King Abdullah dismissed his ultraconservative adviser Sheik Abdul-Mohsen al-Obeikan after he publicly criticized reforms aimed at softening restrictions on women . Mahdaly feels that she is benefiting from changing attitudes : "  We get a lot of support from other business , the media and individuals in general , " she said . "  King Abdullah  has  opened many doors to women and he keeps on doing so against all the cultural pressure he faces . " Mahdaly 's staff is 80 % female , but she says that even managing older males , she has n't encountered any difficulties . "  I never felt any resentment or problems with them , " she said . "  Mind you , I was very tough and strict . " It was not always as easy for previous generations . Recent research on the experiences of women entrepreneurs in the kingdom reveals the novel measures Saudi women have resorted to -- sometimes devious , sometimes desperate -- in order to pursue their goals as independent businesswomen . University of Aberdeen doctoral candidate Sophie Alkhaled , who grew up in Saudi Arabia , conducted in-depth interviews with 13 female Saudi entrepreneurs to explore the strategies they used to work around cultural restrictions on women in the Islamic kingdom . Through interviews with women working in professions like healthcare , fashion and PR over two decades , Alkhaled found that , while Saudi women were increasingly encouraged to enter the world of commerce , entrepreneurial activity was largely confined to women who were already independently wealthy . Want more female execs ? Sort out the household chores But wealthy women still face many obstacles , says Alkhaled . They must be able to afford childcare and drivers , have access to start-up capital through family connections as well as having the means to buy commercial property , which they are legally forbidden from renting . Women registering a business that serves both sexes must employ a male manager , so many female entrepreneurs would nominate a father or brother even though , in reality , they continued to control the business , she said . This left them open to exploitation , according to Alkhaled . She recounts the story of a healthcare business owner she interviewed who had her permission to travel rescinded by her "  jealous " husband . Unwilling to divorce for fear of losing her children , the entrepreneur began paying her husband for his permission to travel , said Alkhaled . Other women have been more confrontational in the face of obstacles : One entrepreneur , who had started a business in 1990 , lost her temper when confronted with a "  No Women Allowed " sign in a government department , and ripped the sign off the door . She was helped by a sympathetic manager , but Alkhaled observes , "  Sometimes it 's just you and your luck ; it 's who you meet on the day . That 's what the women are facing . " Alkhaled notes that , although many of the entrepreneurs she had interviewed felt "  empowered " by their business experience , and were motivated by a desire for gradual social change , they expressed respect for their society 's traditions . "  They do n't want to challenge the religious side of it . They just want their right to live and work in society . They 're not looking to fight the conservatives on their views . The women also felt a patriotic pride in Saudi Arabia , despite the obstacles they had encountered . "  All the women said , ` If I had to pick up my business and put it anywhere else in the world tomorrow , I would flatly refuse , ' " Alkhaled said . "  Saudi Arabia is quite a new country and they really want a hand in building it . " Mahdaly says she is also patriotic . But adds , "  one day we would like to expand our operation globally . "	Although they ca n't yet drive , some Saudi women have started successful enterprises Entrepreneurial activity is mainly confined to already wealthy women , says researcher Saudi 's leader has been softening legislation , making it easier for women to work Young Saudi businesswoman Maria Mahdaly feels more supported , she says
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Amid increasing optimism that a deal could be within reach , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is heading to Geneva to help in negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program . Kerry will fly to Geneva on Friday "  in an effort to help narrow differences in negotiations " with Iran , two senior State Department officials said . European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton invited Kerry to the talks , the officials said . News of Kerry 's travel plans came hours after Iran 's foreign minister said that officials could reach an agreement by Friday evening . "  I believe it is possible to reach an understanding or an agreement before we close these negotiations  Friday  evening , " Iran 's foreign minister and chief nuclear negotiator , Javad Zarif , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Though he would not detail what such an agreement could include , he told the state-run Iranian News Agency , "  We expect to make a breakthrough . " U.S. President Barack Obama also said Thursday night that a deal could be reached . There is the "  possibility of a phased agreement " with Iran on nuclear issues , Obama told NBC . The first step , if agreed upon , would require Iran to halt advances in its nuclear program in return for "  very modest relief " from economic sanctions , he said . But the United States would still keep "  core sanctions " in place , Obama said . "  So that if it turned out during the course of the six months when we 're trying to resolve some of these bigger issues that they 're backing out of the deal , they 're not following through on it , or they 're not willing to go forward and finish the job of giving us assurances that they 're not developing a nuclear weapon , " Obama told NBC , "  we can crank that dial back up . " The comments came after a day of meetings in Geneva between Iranian negotiators and technical teams from the United States , France , Britain , Russia , China and non-nuclear-armed Germany -- a group referred to as the P5 +1 or EU3 +3 . Uranium enrichment is the key issue on the table during the talks with Iran over the future of its controversial nuclear program . "  We are at a very sensitive stage of negotiations , and it is best if these negotiations are done at the negotiating table rather than on live television , " Zarif said . "  But I can tell you that we are prepared to address some of the most immediate concerns that have been raised , and we expect reciprocally our concerns to be met by the P5 +1 . " Iranian negotiator : Various issues on the table The framework has been agreed to , he said . "  I hope by tomorrow morning we can start serious work in order to prepare some sort of a joint statement . " It would address an end game "  that we all try to reach within a limited period of time , hopefully in less than a year " and a series of actions that both sides would take reciprocally "  in order to build confidence and address the most immediate concerns , " he said . Many of those concerns center on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , which some countries worry seek a nuclear weapon , an assertion that Tehran has denied . Zarif said the nuclear program would continue -- in some form . "  There wo n't be a suspension of our enrichment program in its entirety , " he said . "  But we can deal with various issues , various issues are on the table . " The concerns of each side have been dealt with , he said . Zarif said Hassan Rouhani 's assumption of the presidency in August has opened a window of opportunity that needs to be seized . He acknowledged that international sanctions have resulted in economic hardship for Iranians , but said they represent a failed policy . "  Instead of 160 centrifuges that were spinning 10 years ago or eight years ago , today we have 19,000 centrifuges , " he said . "  So that is what sanctions and pressures and intimidation has brought these people who are continuing to advocate that type of behavior . " U.S. officials outline possible deal Two senior U.S. administration officials said a deal on Iran 's nuclear program is in the works . One of the officials said the deal is designed to "  stop Iran 's progress by stopping the shortening of time by which they could build a nuclear weapon " while also providing temporary , reversible sanctions relief to Iran . That official cautioned the deal is not done , but said it could happen if the Iranians agree to the P5 +1 's demands . They said that , under the potential deal , Iran would agree : -- to stop enriching nuclear fuel to 20 % purity ; -- to render unusable most of its existing stockpile of such fuel ; -- to agree not to use advanced IR-2 centrifuges , which can enrich nuclear fuel five times faster than older centrifuges ; -- not to activate a plutonium reactor at Arak . In turn , the P5 +1 would agree : -- to unfreeze some Iranian assets held in banks overseas ; -- possibly to consider easing sanctions banning trade in gold , precious metals and petrochemicals . Other sweeteners were also under consideration , they said . The officials added that the measures could be reimposed if Iran did not comply with its end of any bargain . ` Getting to the root of the problem ' The details were hashed out during a bilateral U.S.-Iran meeting -- part of an apparent effort on each side to mend fences -- which lasted about an hour on the sidelines of broader talks under way in Geneva . The U.S. delegation was led by Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman . The Iranian delegation was led by Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi . Iran talks : Do we want a deal or a war ? "  The main issue is getting to the root of the problem , which is the enrichment issue and all things that lead from that , " Michael Mann , spokesman for Ashton , said on the sidelines of negotiations . Iran 's supreme leader ` not optimistic ' about nuclear talks Moments later , the Iranian state-run Fars News Agency tweeted a quote from Araqchi : "  Enrichment is our red line and its suspension is unacceptable . " When CNN asked Araqchi about the issue of uranium enrichment , he declined to answer . "  The talks are extremely complex and are now going into a serious phase , " Mann said . "  We want to focus on substance and hope there will be concrete progress over the next couple of days . " U.N. nuclear watchdog : Program could have ` military dimensions ' U.S. official : We think Iran wants a nuclear deal -- and fast The United States and its partners have accused Iran of diverting resources from its civilian nuclear program to try to develop a nuclear bomb . Iran has repeatedly denied those assertions and says it has no desire to build nuclear weapons . Resolutions and sanctions passed by the United Nations in 2006 called on Iran to halt all enrichment activities and clarify that its nuclear facilities were being used for peaceful purposes only . In its August report , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , estimates that since declaring its nuclear program , Iran has processed 10 metric tons of uranium to 5 % purity , the level used for nuclear power plants . The IAEA estimates that Iran has a stockpile of 185 kilograms of uranium at 20 % purity . Weapons experts warn that this uranium could be further refined for use in a nuclear warhead . Although experts suggest that amount would not be enough for a single warhead , the IAEA has warned that it believes Iran 's nuclear program could have "  possible military dimensions . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Geneva . CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Washington .	Obama : There is the "  possibility of a phased agreement " Two senior State Department officials say Kerry will go to Geneva "  It is possible to reach an understanding " before Friday night , Javad Zarif says European Union spokesman : Uranium enrichment is the focus of talks with Iran
CNN  University of Virginia student leaders have scheduled a campus forum with police Friday to discuss allegations of brutality following the bloody arrest of a 20-year-old student that prompted protests at UVA . The incident early Wednesday involved uniformed alcohol control agents and Martese Johnson , an African-American student at UVA . It made headlines around the country and prompted Gov. Terry McAuliffe to order an independent Virginia State Police investigation into what happened . The on-campus forum is scheduled for 1 p.m. Friday . In a Facebook post , the university 's Student Council said representatives from Charlottesville , Virginia , police , Albemarle County police and the state Alcohol Beverage Control were to attend the forum "  to engage in a conversation about their relationship with students , or lack thereof , and about the issue of police brutality . " Johnson 's arrest prompted protests among students demanding "  Justice for Martese " after images circulated showing his bloodied face and clothing . While what happened Wednesday remains under investigation , video from the incident shows Johnson pinned to the ground , screaming : "  I go to UVA ! ... You f ****** racists ! What the f *** ? How did this happen ? " An officer can be heard telling the man to stop fighting . According to the student 's attorney , Daniel Watkins , "  just before handcuffing him , police took Martese to the ground , striking his head on the pavement and causing him to bleed profusely from the gash on his head . " He needed 10 stitches to close the gash in his head , Watkins said . Johnson was charged with public intoxication and obstruction of justice , according to the Virginia Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control , which acknowledged he suffered injuries during his arrest . The agents were placed on administrative duties during the investigation , the agency said . The Black Student Alliance said the arrest reminds black UVA students "  of the gruesome reality that we are not immune to injustice . " In a news release , the university called the arrest disturbing , and University President Teresa Sullivan issued a statement saying that "  every member of our community should feel safe from the threat of bodily harm and other forms of violence . " Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring appealed for patience . "  Certainly the images that we 've all been looking at in Charlottesville are shocking , but it 's really important that we get the facts out and understand exactly what happened , " Johnson said . Friday 's forum will be held at a theater on the UVA campus . The Student Council said media would not be allowed to ask questions or bring cameras into the forum but said the event would be live-streamed on the Internet . "  This is a student space -- a chance for students to ask the questions they feel are most pressing to Virginia 's most senior law enforcement officials , " the group said on Facebook . Students leaders asked their contemporaries to tweet questions in advance . As of midmorning Friday , only a handful of tweets had crossed using the proposed hashtag " #policedialogue . " "  Is the problematic influence of implicit bias discussed at all during police training , " Twitter user yaejmeister asked . Among other questions , one student asked why alcohol control agents have police powers . A third wondered "  is catering to UVa 's hypersensitivity preparing our students for the world outside of ` grounds ' ? " The incident comes amid a continuing nationwide debate over the use of force by police , particularly involving African-Americans , following the deaths last summer of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in New York . Grand juries in both communities declined to indict white police officers in the deaths , leading to angry protests nationwide and calls for renewed attention to claims of police bullying and brutality .	Forum set for Friday afternoon to discuss Martese Johnson arrest Arrest prompted protests after images circulated showing student 's bloodied face
Most people might know modern India for its rising billionaire class , its Bangalore-based information technology hub and its Bollywood celebrity culture . But beneath the outward signs of prosperity , India is still one of the most malnourished nations on the planet . According to the 2012 Global Hunger Index from the International Food Policy Research Institute  IFPRI  , India -- despite being one of the world 's largest producers of food -- ranks as low 65 on a list of 79 countries on the index . The Indian government this week launched an ambitious fight back against food distribution problems that -- alongside countries like Bangladesh and Timor-Leste -- have put it near the top of the list for underweight children under the age of five . Even by the Indian government 's own measure , nearly half of India 's children suffer from malnutrition of some sort . The $ 22 billion-a-year welfare scheme aims to sell subsidized wheat and rice to 67 % of its 1.2 billion people . The scheme will massively expand an existing program that provides food to 218 million people . Under the National Food Security Bill , 75 % of rural dwellers and 50 % of the urban population would get five kilograms of grain per month at the subsidized prices of 3 rupees  US5 cents  for rice and 2 rupees per kilo for wheat and 1 rupee per kilo for coarse grains to be fixed for a period of three years . The existing Antyodaya Ann Yojana  AAY  , which targets the poorest of the poor , would continue to distribute 35 kilograms of grain per month to those households . Pregnant women and lactating mothers would get a maternity benefit payment of 6,000 rupees  US$ 99  , while children aged six months to 14 years would get take-home rations or be provided with hot cooked food . Subsidies would also extend to Indian states and territories that run low on grain and there would be central government assistance towards the cost of intra-state transportation and handling of grains . Critics , however , say that targeting the subsidized grain is likely to be one of the ambitious bill 's biggest headaches . Distribution through the India 's infamously corrupt state-owned ration shops could see much of the subsidized grain siphoned off to be sold for market prices elsewhere . Others say the sheer scale of the subsidy will strain government finances . The Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices , part of the Ministry of Agriculture , said in a report that the cost of India 's food program is likely to balloon to 6.82 trillion rupees  $ 126 billion  in its first three years , meaning the government would have to budget almost double its projected food subsidy each year . Much of this cost would be associated with scaling up infrastructure to improve the existing distribution system as well as warehousing and transportation . India has had bumper harvests in recent years , according to the Indian Agricultural Research Institute , leading to the paradox of grain rotting in silos while large swathes of the population are still malnourished . Indian political and economic analyst Paranjoy Guha Thakurta said he believed the positive impact of the Food Bill would likely to outweigh its problems in the long term , saying that India would be forced to address problems with its distribution system . "  You are talking about a system which is bad and that 's the public distribution system . You are looking at strengthening the system and that , in itself , should not be such a bad thing , " he told CNN . "  Nobody is saying there 's no corruption , and nobody is saying that there is no inefficiency , but if by spending this money you improve the system , then that has to be a good thing . " He added that even free distribution of grain had support among some sectors of Indian society , with double-digit food inflation over the past eight years imposing a greater burden on the poor than it did on India 's growing middle classes . "  Indian society has always been an unequal society historically . The food inflation that this country has witnessed in the recent past has made an already unequal society even more unequal , " he said . "  Simply put , the poor spend a larger proportion of their income on food . " Critics have also charged that the subsidy is the centerpiece of the ruling Congress party 's bid to win a third term in elections due in May , 2014 , and represents a populist policy cynically aimed at winning votes . "  Of course there are politics behind it , but everything has politics behind it , " Thakurta said . "  Whether the poor will vote for Congress is a separate story -- only time will tell . The fact is that in a country like ours with 1.2 billion people , of which anywhere between 200-400 million people are incredibly poor , to have a scheme of cheap food distribution is something that I as an Indian favor . "	India launches ambitious $ 22 billion a year food aid program Subsidies will provide hundreds of millions people with subsidized grain India 's record on malnutrition still on par with Sub-Saharan Africa Nearly half of India 's children suffer from malnutrition of some sort
CNN  -- With 2013 firmly in the rearview mirror , the movers and shakers of the video gaming industry are focusing on where the next 12 months will take us . With new platforms and consoles available and more people playing games on smartphones and tablets , the future appears to be open to a vast array of possibilities . We asked four industry players what they think the next year will look like . Each offered a few specifics and a broader view about what will be important to game makers and players . Many expect 2013 's releases of new hardware and software platforms -- most notably , the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One consoles -- to spur creativity in game development and delivery . Here 's what they told us : Ken Levine , creative director , Irrational Games "  2013 was the year of the left field : crowdfunding , the Steam box , in-house streaming . 2014 is the year we 're going to start to see how that changes the space . The majority of old-school developers I know now have gone into more personal , niche titles ;  it  reminds me of when many of the great PC studios  BioWare , Bungie , Bethesda  started developing console games in the early 2000s . "  Being in gaming is like being in music in the '60s , but there 's a new British invasion like every three years . I think disruption is generally a good thing . It keeps us on our toes as developers and usually yields dividends for gamers . " Jean-Michel Detoc , managing director , Ubisoft Mobile "  We 've seen the mobile industry consistently evolve over the past five years and , in my opinion , 2014 will be no exception . I anticipate the trends in 2013 -- increased time spent playing games on mobile devices and a shift to ` freemium ' pricing in games -- will continue to grow in 2014 . "  With more than 2 billion smart devices currently activated and the increased availability of low-end smart devices , the mobile market has never been stronger or reached such a mass audience . Gaming has expanded to represent around a third of time spent on connected devices , and I am confident gaming will confirm its position as one of the core uses on those devices in 2014 . "  Additionally , as app quality as a whole continues to improve , we will see fewer applications , but with more budget and ambition put behind them . The last important trend I believe we will see is the extension of ` freemium ' mobile games to new devices such as smartwatches and smart TVs . " Geoff Keighley , host , Spike TV "  2014 will be a monumental year for the gaming industry . Both the Xbox One and PS4 will continue to grow their install base , and we will begin to see more games built specifically to take advantage of the next generation hardware . Already fans are anticipating the birth of new franchises like ` Titanfall ' and ` Destiny . ' "  That said , 2014 will be a year of experimentation . We will see more games on tablets , new business models birthed by the rise of digital distribution , the continued growth of eSports and exciting new ventures like Valve 's Steam box . "  What used to be a race between three console manufacturers for dominance has diversified into dozens of companies carving out their own market segments . " Wallace Santos , CEO and founder , Maingear "  2014 is going to bring a lot of new and exciting technologies to gamers . The big story this year is the advances that AMD and NVIDIA are making with GPUs  faster processors for graphics  that make 4K gaming a reality . Next year we 'll see those 4K panels come down in price . "  With exciting technologies like AMD 's Mantle API , designed to max out the performance capabilities of your graphics card , and NVIDIA 's G-SYNC , designed to deliver silky smooth gaming , there 's a whole lot to get excited about . "  And then there 's the peripherals like the Oculus Rift . With gaming legend John Carmack joining the company , we can be sure to see great things from them as well . And let 's not forget the Steam OS . It 'll be interesting to see how this new entrant into the gaming market fares alongside the next generation gaming consoles . As always , it 's a great time to be a gamer . " What gaming trends to do expect this year ? Tell us in the comments below .	Four experts discuss where video gaming is headed in 2014 Many say the release of new hardware and software platforms will spur creativity Spike TV host says 2014 will be "  a monumental year for the gaming industry " Several cite the potential of Oculus Rift , the virtual-reality headset
CNN  -- Last weekend 's Malaysian Grand Prix was an encouraging race for Ferrari , with Fernando Alonso 's victory lifting some of the gloom which had descended over the legendary Italian team after a disappointing preseason . But while double world champion Alonso celebrated an unlikely triumph in one garage , the mood was considerably more sombre in the camp of his teammate Felipe Massa . The Brazilian has seen his position at Formula One 's most successful team constantly called into question , having struggled to recapture his best form after fracturing his skull during a freak accident at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix . The former Sauber driver 's downturn continued with a disappointing 15th-place finish at the Sepang International Circuit , having failed to finish the season-opening race in Australia after colliding with Williams ' Bruno Senna . But Ferrari 's team principal Stefano Domenicali has backed the 30-year-old to answer his critics . "  I well remember that , four years ago , in fact right after a Malaysian Grand Prix , which was won for us by Kimi Raikkonen , Felipe was more or less in the same situation as today , " Domenicali told the team 's official website . "  The papers were demanding his immediate replacement and he managed to react in the best way possible , thanks to support from the team , which saw him win two of the next three races . " In 2008 , Massa was denied his first world title in heartbreaking circumstances . He won the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix and began celebrating , but was denied the championship by one point as McLaren 's British driver Lewis Hamilton overtook Timo Glock on the final corner to finish fifth and steal the glory . "  We remember how that particular season ended , with the Brazilian actually world champion , even if it was just for a few seconds , while we took our sixteenth Constructors ' title , " Domenicali said . He also revealed that , instead of spending time with his family ahead of the next race in China on April 15 , Massa is heading to Italy to work with the team at Ferrari 's home base . "  He will be in Maranello to work alongside the engineers to calmly analyze everything that happened in these past two races , trying to identify why he was not able to deliver what he is capable of , " Domenicali said . "  That 's the right spirit and we are here , ready to help him . " Despite a positive result in Malaysia , Domenicali warned there is still work to do to ensure the F2012 car is competitive ahead of the next race in Shanghai . "  I asked all my people to push to the maximum to try to bring forward as much as possible the developments planned for the next few races , " he said . "  Having Fernando leading the championship means nothing , and we definitely do n't think all our problems have been made to vanish with the wave of a magic wand . "	Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali says Felipe Massa can return to form The Italian driver finished 15th in Malaysia and crashed out in Australia Domenicali reveals Massa is returning to Italy to continue work ahead of race in China The Ferrari chief warns there is still work to do to make the F2012 a competitive car
Nashville , Tennessee  CNN  -- Tennessee is living up to its Volunteer State moniker as residents grapple with the aftermath of deadly flooding that left widespread damage and an untold number of displaced residents in its wake . Neighbors are rescuing neighbors . Strangers are chipping in to clean up devastated homes and businesses . Although many have lost everything tangible , their optimism remains intact . "  I 'm alive , " Ronnie Coleman said . "  Everything else , the rest of my life , if I have to fight cancer or whatever -- hey , man , it 's going to be a piece of cake to what I went through . " After two days of torrential rain , Coleman waded through chest-high water this weekend at his home in the Whites Creek suburb of Nashville -- a daunting task for a man who ca n't swim . His neighbor , Willie Mae Stricklandjordan , whose every belonging was ruined in the flooding , described what happened when Whites Creek overflowed : "  The water just gushed in -- and it had a force to it . " Another neighbor , Evelyn Pearlbell , said she had to be rescued . "  They put this rope around me and pulled me through this water , " she said . "  Scary . Phew , I was so scared . " As of Friday morning , the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency said that 21 people had died , one from natural causes . Davidson County was hit the hardest , with 10 fatalities . The federal government has declared 27 counties major disaster areas , the agency said . Aid and supplies were flowing in to Tennessee , including 167 truckloads of water . Country singers , who hold Music City USA dear , pledged monetary donations , and some converged on Nashville to help with the cleanup . Reports of rescues emerged from the Coast Guard , local rescue teams and average citizens as helicopters and boats canvassed the region for survivors . Nashville 's police and fire departments were going door-to-door , making sure homes were evacuated . They tied yellow caution tape to the doors of places that had been cleared . Ben Perkins said he and his son , Will , searched for survivors for about seven hours in Bellevue on Sunday , rescuing people from the River Plantation subdivision and from stranded cars on a nearby highway . They initially took their boat to Will 's great-grandmother 's house , but she had been rescued , so Perkins began looking for others in need . Will manned a cellular phone , acting as a "  control center " during the 15 to 18 rescue trips , his father said . "  Tennessee 's come together . Nashville 's come together , " Perkins said . "  There 's a lot of devastation . There 's going to be a lot of need for donations . " Even with all the rescue operations , many residents had close calls . Betty Belle Nicks had to cling to a tree and then swim to the rooftop of her new home for refuge . Three small dogs made it to the roof and were saved , but Thursday night , she was looking for her yellow Labrador retriever , Ben , who swam away . "  If we could find Ben , it 'd be the best wedding gift in the world , " said Nicks , who was married last week . Jamye Howell was driving his Jeep through Hendersonville on Sunday when he drove over a bridge and through what he thought was a puddle -- just "  water standing on the road , " he told CNN affiliate WZTV . "  Immediately , water was flowing in the car , and there was water flowing up on the windshield instantly , " said Andrea Silvia , who was in the car with Howell . "  We decided that we needed to get out on top of the car and hope for the best , " Howell told WZTV . The two swam about a mile to safety , they told the station . As the water continued to recede and rescue tales emerged Friday , many were struck by the devastation the flooding had wrought . Others still searched for loved ones , holding out hope that they may still be alive after almost a week . In Pegram , cadaver dogs searched Thursday along the Harpeth River for Danny Tomlinson , a 39-year-old amateur fighter who works for a prosthetics company . Friends and family members joined the effort , which had been ongoing for five days and had covered an almost 15-mile stretch of river . His car , which was swept away Saturday , was found Tuesday . A friend who was also in the car was found alive . Tomlinson 's mother said , "  I 'm trying to stay strong because I 've got to have hope that they 're going to find my son . I want to find him alive . " She pleaded to a higher power for help : "  Please , God , guide us . If he is in the water , which I do n't want to think that , guide us there . Guide us to him -- for closure . " With more disaster declarations looming and residents and officials left to wonder the true toll of the weekend 's deluge , several Tennesseeans said they felt confident that the area would persevere . "  Nashville has a spirit that wo n't be put down , so yes , I have no doubt that Nashville will come back , " said Brenda Griffiths , who wore plastic bags over her feet as she assisted with the cleanup effort in Bellevue . Back in Whites Creek , evacuated residents said they feared returning home to see the devastation , but Reba Perkins said , "  We prayed that whatever we found , it would be something we could learn from . " Carolyn Phillips said the flooding left her worried about her future , but optimism had not escaped her . "  I 'm going to be OK , " she said . "  We 're going to be OK . " CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Martin Savidge , Gary Tuchman and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Tennessee officials say more than 21 dead , 27 counties labeled disaster areas Woman who was married only last week clings to tree , swims to rooftop for refuge Couple in Hendersonville tells station they escaped car , swam a mile to safety Mother pleads to God for help finding son , who was swept away in a car
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Former New York City police Commissioner Bernard Kerik pleaded not guilty in federal court Monday to a revised indictment charging him in a corruption and tax evasion case , according to a spokesman for the New York District Attorney . A revised indictment brings to 15 the number of counts against former police Commissioner Bernard Kerik . The revised indictment includes two new counts of aiding the filing of false returns and a charge involving making false statements while applying for a housing loan , spokesman Herbert Hadad of the district attorney 's office told CNN . Kerik is accused of failing to report more than $ 500,000 in income between 1999 and 2004 , said Patricia Haynes , the IRS agent in charge of the case . Prosecutors allege Kerik received and concealed benefits of about $ 255,000 in renovations to his Riverdale , New York , apartment from a company seeking to do business with the city of New York . Revisions to the original indictment , which included charges of corruption , conspiracy and tax evasion , bring to 15 the number of counts against Kerik . Barry Berke , Kerik 's attorney , declined to comment . The indictment also charges that Kerik made several false statements to the White House and other federal officials when he applied for the position as adviser to the Homeland Security Advisory Council , to the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq and in connection with his nomination to be secretary of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . U.S. District Judge Stephen Robinson did not rule Monday on whether the two counts that include charges of lying to White House officials will be tried in Washington or White Plains , New York . Kerik is due back in court February 3 for a hearing on pretrial motions , Hadad said . A trial date has not been set . Kerik , 53 , is a longtime friend and former protege of former Mayor Rudy Giuliani . President Bush nominated him to be secretary of homeland security after winning re-election in 2004 , but Kerik withdrew his name amid allegations that he employed a nanny who had a questionable immigration status . Bronx District Attorney Robert Johnson began investigating allegations that Kerik had traded payment on repairs to his Bronx apartment for favors , including city contracts . The former chief pleaded guilty in 2006 to accepting tens of thousands of dollars in gifts while he worked as city corrections commissioner . He was fined $ 221,000 and avoided jail time under his plea agreement . Before tapping Kerik for a Cabinet post , Bush dispatched him to Baghdad to train Iraqi police after the U.S. invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein . He left three months into an expected six-month stint , with Iraqi officials telling reporters that he had completed his assignment . In 2004 , he campaigned for Bush 's re-election and spoke at the Republican National Convention in New York . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	Bernard Kerik is accused of failing to report more than $ 500,000 in income Kerik is the former New York City police commissioner Indictment also charges that Kerik made false statements to the White House A trial date has not been set
CAMDEN , South Carolina  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN Wednesday he agrees with President Bush 's veto of legislation expanding a children 's health insurance program , saying the bill provided a "  phony smoke and mirrors way of paying for it . " Sen. John McCain says the president was right to veto the expansion of a children 's health insurance program . "  Right call by the president , " the Republican White House hopeful told CNN 's John King . "  We 've laid a debt on these same children ... that we 're saying we 're going to give health insurance to . " The bill , which would cost $ 35 billion over five years , is meant to expand the State Children 's Health Insurance Program to provide coverage to an additional 10 million children . Bush said he vetoed the bill because he considered it a step towards "  federalizing " medicine and an inappropriately expanding the program 's goal beyond its original focus on helping poor children . During an interview onboard the CNN Election Express in South Carolina , McCain said he agreed with the president 's decision . Watch Sen. McCain 's interview with CNN 's John King " "  The American people have rebelled against out-of-control spending . If they can find a legitimate way to pay for it , I would consider it , " he said . Expanding the program to cover children in families up to 400 percent of the poverty line would an "  unfunded liability , " the Arizona Republican said . "  Just like the Medicare prescription drug program . " In the wide ranging interview , McCain also answered questions about the health of his campaign , saying he currently feels like he is in a good position . "  I am feeling good , not only because of my gut instinct , but because people do n't really focus on the nominees until after Labor Day and I understand that , " he said . "  Our turnouts at the town halls are excellent ; particularly in New Hampshire and here in South Carolina . I can sense that enthusiasm . " But McCain also acknowledged he would have to win some important states early in the primary process to have a chance at his party 's nomination . "  I think history shows since 1980 , the nominee of our party has to win two of the first three : Iowa , New Hampshire , and South Carolina . " McCain also continued to clarify his recent controversial interview with a religious Web site in which he called America a "  Christian nation " and said he would prefer a Christian president . In the interview Wednesday , McCain broadened his language a bit , emphasizing the Judeo-Christian roots of the nation . "  My views are ... this nation was founded by our founders who were informed by Judeo-Christian values , " he told CNN . "  I believe that , and I think it 's evident by reading Federalist papers , the Declaration of Independence , and our Constitution . That 's what I believe . And I believe that those Judeo-Christian values inform our lives today - and certainly mine . " "  And yes , I believe a Muslim could be president , " he continued . "  I believe anybody can be president in America . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Sen. John McCain says he supports veto of children 's health insurance bill Americans have "  rebelled against out-of-control spending , " McCain says GOP candidate says founders "  informed by Judeo-Christian values " Arizona Republican says he believes a Muslim could be president
CNN  -- Same time , same date , same length . No , you have n't stepped into a time machine -- President Barack Obama 's address to the nation on his strategy for dealing with the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq and Syria , delivered on September 10 , 2014 , had some striking similarities to his address on airstrikes against Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria delivered exactly a year earlier . The bottom line was different . On September 10 , 2013 , Obama announced the United States would not be launching airstrikes in Syria ; on Wednesday , he announced the U.S. military would . Here 's what changed and what did n't over the past year : WHAT 'S CHANGED ? No set timeline In his 2013 address , Obama was very clear that any military action in Syria would have been limited in its scope . "  This would be a targeted strike to achieve a clear objective : deterring the use of chemical weapons and degrading Assad 's capabilities , " he said . Strong reaction to Obama statement : ` ISIL is not Islamic ' In his speech on Wednesday , the President told Americans that this campaign to take out ISIS would take time and left unanswered the question of how long the fight against the terrorist group might last . "  Now , it will take time to eradicate a cancer like ISIL , " he said . "  This counterterrorism campaign will be waged through a steady , relentless effort to take out ISIL wherever they exist , using our air power and our support for partner forces on the ground . This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us , while supporting partners on the front lines , is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years . " 9/11 Although it took place on the eve of the 12th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , Obama 's speech last year did n't include any mention of 9/11 . His speech on Wednesday did , though it was just one line : "  Tomorrow marks 13 years since our country was attacked . " A recent CNN poll showed that 53 % of Americans are concerned with acts of terrorism in the United States around the 9/11 anniversary , an increase from 39 % in 2011 . A frightening , far-reaching new world of terror threats since 9/11 The popularity factor Obama acknowledged in 2013 that military intervention in Syria was not going to be embraced by the American public . "  Now , I know that after the terrible toll of Iraq and Afghanistan , the idea of any military action , no matter how limited , is not going to be popular . " CNN polling taken in September 2013 showed that was true : Only 29 % of Americans thought it was in the national interest of the United States to get involved in Syria . This time , the politics are a bit easier . Americans overwhelming support additional airstrikes against ISIS -- 76 % according to CNN polls . WHAT HAS N'T CHANGED ? This is not going to be a repeat of the Iraq war and there wo n't be "  boots on the ground . " This continues to be a key point for the President , who never supported the war in Iraq . He stressed it in 2013 , saying : "  I will not put American boots on the ground in Syria . I will not pursue an open-ended action like Iraq or Afghanistan . " He stressed it again on Wednesday . "  As I have said before , these American forces will not have a combat mission -- we will not get dragged into another ground war in Iraq . " Obama does n't need the approval of Congress , but he 'd like it . For a president that frequently blames Congress for not getting things done , Obama has demonstrated an enthusiasm for including them when it comes to the question of military action in Syria . "  Even though I possess the authority to order military strikes , I believed it was right , in the absence of a direct or imminent threat to our security , to take this debate to Congress , " Obama said in 2013 . "  I believe our democracy is stronger when the President acts with the support of Congress . And I believe that America acts more effectively abroad when we stand together . " Transcript : President Obama 's speech on combating ISIS and terrorism He made a strikingly similar remark on Wednesday . "  I have the authority to address the threat from ISIL . But I believe we are strongest as a nation when the President and Congress work together . So I welcome congressional support for this effort in order to show the world that Americans are united in confronting this danger . " One key difference though between then and now is the actual likelihood of congressional approval for military action . In 2013 , it was clear by the time Obama gave his East Room address that an authorization vote was going to fail in Congress . On the fight against ISIS , it appears likely that the President will get support from Congress on at least some elements . Ted Cruz : How U.S. can stop ISIS America ca n't fight every evil Early in his remarks on Wednesday , Obama noted "  we can not erase every trace of evil from the world , and small groups of killers have the capacity to do great harm . " It was something he pointed out last year . "  America is not the world 's policemen , " he said at the end of his 2013 remarks . "  Terrible things happen across the globe , and it is beyond our means to right every wrong . "	President Barack Obama 's made a speech on Syria exactly a year ago Both speeches involved the topic of military action in Syria There were differences and similarities between the two speeches
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . Christine Quinn , speaker of the New York City Council , and her partner , Kim Catullo , talk to John King . NEW YORK  CNN  -- As she lobbies members of the New York Senate these days , the politician in Christine Quinn can understand what the gay rights activist in her sometimes can not . "  The fear of the unknown , " is how she describes it . "  This is a vote they 've never cast before . And they do n't know how people are going to react . You are in a position where people 's reaction to you is the key to your success . And the unknown creates fear and fear often creates paralysis . " Quinn is the openly gay speaker of the New York City Council , and a proponent of legalizing same sex marriage in New York state . "  It is really encouraging to see what 's happening around the country in places where you really would n't expect it , like Iowa , " says Quinn 's longtime partner , Kim Catullo . "  To be in a place like New York and not have it just does n't seem to make sense . " The New York Assembly passed legislation allowing same-sex marriages earlier this month , and the question now is whether there are enough votes in the state Senate to pass the legislation before the legislature adjourns for the year . Go behind the scenes with John King as he discusses his report from New York Quinn , who spent time in Albany this past week meeting with undecided senators , is cautiously optimistic . "  It was amazing how much openness there was , " she said of private meetings with lawmakers who are undecided and even a few who have said they are likely to oppose the legislation . "  We just all have to create a moment for them to step forward . So I really think it is going to happen this month , before the legislative session is over . " Maggie Gallagher sees the Senate math quite differently . "  We are now working in 24 Senate districts , " says Gallagher , president of the National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriages . "  We know we have generated thousands of phone calls to legislators . I do n't think they will be passing a gay marriage bill this session . " Watch both sides assess chances of passing same-sex marriage bill " The New York legislation is part of a growing national debate , and one which will gain even more attention because of the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy and the nomination of federal appeals court judge Sonia Sotomayor to fill it . "  Not tomorrow . Not likely in the coming year unless the courts move dramatically faster than we are used to seeing them move , " is how Columbia Law School Professor Suzanne Goldberg answers when asked when the issue of same-sex marriage is likely to make the Supreme Court docket . "  But certainly some time in the next couple of years we 're likely to see the Supreme Court issue a position or two on this issue . " Goldberg knows Sotomayer well ; the judge is also a lecturer at Columbia . "  We 've never spoken about the issue , " Goldberg told us . "  I have no inside information about her views . What I would say is that she is both a wise person and a thoughtful person and being wise and thoughtful are the right ingredients for reaching what to me is the right answer on this issue , which to me is that equality applies to all people . " The likelihood of the issue reaching the Supreme Court in the next year or two raises the stakes in the state battles . Opponents of California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage vow to try again in 2010 in hopes of a different result . A new federal lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of California 's Proposition 8 was filed this week and could well be among the cases that make it to the Supreme Court eventually . Five states now allow same-sex marriage : Maine , Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts and Vermont , and the states with active debates include California , New York , New Jersey and New Hampshire . In an interview in their apartment in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York , Quinn and Catullo agreed the ideal solution for them would be federal recognition of the right of same-sex couples to marry . But the federal Defense of Marriage Act signed by President Clinton defines marriage as between a man and a woman . And President Obama says he supports civil unions and other benefits for same-sex couples but opposes marriage . "  He 's not perfect on this issue and I want him to be perfect , " Quinn said of Obama . "  And I 'm fairly certain that pretty soon he will be perfect on this issue and what we just have to do is keep talking to him and keep educating him and keep working on him . " "  It does n't help , " Catullo says of Obama 's opposition . Still , like Quinn , she hopes eventually , "  he can evolve . " Gallagher , of the National Organization for Marriage , is worried more about the high court than any pressure on Obama from gay rights activists . "  Well I do n't believe David Souter was on our side on the gay marriage issue although we do n't know for sure , " Gallagher said . So in her line of speculating , swapping Sotomayor for Souter is n't likely to swing the court in any major way . Her major worry is if one of the more conservative judges decided to retire in the near future . "  I do n't think this one is going to tip the balance , " Gallagher said . "  But we 're very close . We 're probably only one Supreme Court justice away from a nationally imposed right to same-sex marriage whether we like it or not . That is the ultimate game plan of the gay marriage forces . " Catullo would prefer a conversation less political . "  I really do believe that if someone lived next to us or really knew us , it would n't be an issue at all , " she said . "  I mean we are good people . We 're law-abiding . We 're taxpayers . We 're just an eight-year couple that 's been together a long time and we do a lot of the things that a normal couple does . There 's a lot more things in the world to worry about than the fact that we want to be married . "	N.Y. Assembly passed bill allowing same-sex marriages ; willl state Senate pass it ? Christine Quinn , openly gay politician , optimistic ; says opponents fear the unknown National Organization for Marriage lobbying hard against it , head thinks it wo n't pass Proponents hope President Obama will change mind , support issue
Controversial plans by Iceland 's government to try to limit access to pornography online and in print to protect children have sparked international opposition . Free speech campaigners , activists and academics are among the 40 individuals and groups from some 20 countries who 've signed an open letter urging Icelandic Interior Minister Ogmundur Jonasson to drop the proposal . The letter was coordinated and published online Thursday by the International Modern Media Institute , an Icelandic civil society think tank headed by lawmaker and ex-Wikileaks spokeswoman Birgitta Jonsdottir . It claims the proposal has "  already jeopardized longstanding efforts to prevent or abolish censorship in totalitarian regimes and protect civil liberties and human rights worldwide . " Read more : In the tech world , porn quietly leads the way "  Iceland is a liberal democratic state which should not serve as a role model for Internet censorship , " the letter said . Restricting people 's access to information online in order to shape their views is as much censorship as the repression of free speech , it said , drawing a comparison with the governments of Iran , North Korea and China . The technology used by Iceland to restrict access to online pornography would be no different from that used by totalitarian regimes , the letter said , and would require automatic surveillance of all telecommunications . Read more : Does Twitter 's Vine have a porn problem ? The letter also warns that blocking pornographic content online "  may create demand for an underground porn industry , unregulated and most certainly affiliated with other illegal activities , " such as has been seen in efforts to ban alcohol or illegal drugs . Iceland 's laws already ban the making and distribution of pornography but were written before the advent of the Internet , which has made access much easier . Read more : Child pornography ushers Internet censorship into Australia Halla Gunnarsdottir , an adviser to the interior minister , told the UK 's Guardian newspaper that the government 's goal is not censoring sex but restricting access to violent pornography . Research has shown that children in Iceland are on average 11 years old when they 're first exposed to pornography , she said , with some traumatized by it and others later seeking to re-enact violent acts they have seen . The government 's plans include tightening the current legal definition of pornography to differentiate between sex and violent or degrading material , she told the newspaper . But the activists ' letter argues that "  the Internet is not the source of violence , it is merely a medium by which violence is made apparent . " App stores : Gatekeepers , or censors of the mobile Web ? If Iceland 's government wants to protect children from learning about sex on the Internet , it should focus on improving sex education in homes and schools , it said . Among the U.S. signatories to the letter are the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the Center for Civic Media at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Freedom of the Press Foundation . Other signatories hail from as far afield as Egypt , Jordan , Guatemala , India , Germany and the United Kingdom . Iceland , a nation of nearly 320,000 people , is better known for its efforts to promote free speech and transparency than for any censorship . Its parliament in 2010 backed a proposal drafted by the International Modern Media Institute for the adoption of new laws to strengthen freedom of expression .	40 individuals and rights groups sign an open letter to Iceland 's interior minister They oppose government plans to try to block access to online pornography The government wants action to prevent children being exposed to violent porn Iceland "  should not serve as a role model for Internet censorship , " the letter says
CNN  -- German President Joachim Gauck will not represent his country at the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , his office says . The announcement makes Gauck , a former pastor , the first major political figure to boycott the games , which will be held at the Black Sea resort in February . According to a report in the German publication Der Spiegel , Gauck made the decision in protest against human rights violations and the harassment of Russian opposition political figures . The magazine said the Russian government was informed of his decision last week . But Gauck 's office is downplaying the report . "  He simply decided not to go , " his spokesman Tobias Scheufele told CNN . "  We 're not saying anything about his motivations . " Scheufele said Germany has n't heard anything from Russia about Gauck 's decision . Russia 's Presidential Press Service said there was no immediate official reaction to the report . Germany 's presidency is largely ceremonial ; Chancellor Angela Merkel oversees the government . Some athletes have spoken out against Russia 's new "  propaganda " law that bans even discussion of homosexuality anywhere that children might hear it . The legislation , which President Vladimir Putin signed in June , gives authorities the power to impose fines as well as detain and deport foreigners who are deemed to have breached the law . Sochi 2014 : Gay athlete promises openly defiant stance at Games Some artists and activists have called for a boycott of the Sochi games , which run from February 7 to 23 . "  I do n't think that we should be going to the Olympics at all , " Lady Gaga said last week during an interview on the British television show "  Alan Carr : Chatty Man . " "  I just think it is absolutely wrong for so many countries to send money and economy in the way of a country that does n't support gays . " In August , British actor and writer Stephen Fry wrote an open letter to the International Olympic Committee and British Prime Minister David Cameron saying : "  An absolute ban on the Russian Winter Olympics of 2014 on Sochi is simply essential . "  Stage them elsewhere in Utah , Lillehammer , anywhere you like . At all costs Putin can not be seen to have the approval of the civilized world , " he wrote in the letter posted on his website . Putin said in an interview on state television in September that gay people would not be discriminated against at the Sochi games . But that appeared at odds with statements made by government officials that the anti-gay propaganda law would be enforced . Putin also later said everyone would be welcomed to the Winter Olympics in Russia , regardless of sexual orientation , state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . The IOC in August said it received assurances "  from the highest level of government in Russia " that the law would not affect people attending or taking part in the Games . The next month , the IOC said the law did not violate the Olympic Charter . U.S. President Barack Obama rejected calls for the United States to boycott the Games , saying such a move would hurt American athletes who trained and sacrificed to qualify . Earlier this year , Sen. Lindsey Graham suggested a possible boycott of the Olympics if Putin allowed NSA leaker Edward Snowden to remain in his country and if Putin continued supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . A brief history of the Winter Olympics CNN " s Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva , Arkady Irshenko , Baharati Naik , Sara Mazloumsaki , and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokesman for German president wo n't discuss his reasons for skipping the games President Joachim Gauck will not attend Olympics in Sochi It 's a protest over human rights and harassment of the opposition , Der Spiegel reports It would make him the first major political figure to boycott the games
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles authorities said Friday that they had arrested three people for an attack this spring outside Dodgers Stadium , adding that the man they 'd arrested exactly two months ago and described as the "  primary aggressor " was not responsible . Louie Sanchez , 29 , and Marvin Norwood , 30 , have been charged with mayhem and assault -- both felonies -- related to the March 31 beating of Bryan Stow , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Sanchez is also charged with two misdemeanor counts of battery stemming from another incident on the same day . Both men , who are from Rialto , are being held on $ 500,000 bail . They are expected to appear Monday for their arraignment in Los Angeles Superior Court . A woman was also taken into custody with the men , though she has not yet been charged . Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck told reporters Friday that charges against the woman -- whom he called 31-year-old Dorene Sanchez -- are pending . Bryan Stow , the man they allegedly attacked , meanwhile remains hospitalized in a San Francisco hospital , recovering from extensive brain and other trauma . Police said the 42-year-old paramedic from Santa Cruz , a Giants fan , was attacked by two men in the parking lot of the Los Angeles Dodgers stadium after the opening game of the Dodgers and Giants seasons . Unprovoked , the men began to kick and punch Stow , yelling profanities about the Giants , before heading off in a car driven by a woman , police said . Stow 's mother , Ann Stow , said that her son was first hit from behind , at which point he fell and his head hit the concrete . "  It was just a brutal attack , " she said . "  Whatever that guy hit my son with , Bryan was unconscious before he hit the ground , so he had no way to protect his head . " Stow was placed in a medically induced coma following the incident . He underwent emergency surgery Monday morning at San Francisco General Hospital , precipitated by "  massive amounts of fluid building up that caused a 30-second seizure , " his family said on their website . By Friday , though , the family said that Stow 's condition had improved and he appeared "  very alert " -- able to open and close his eyes on command , move his right hand and mouth his last name to medical staff . He struggles to recover as investigators continued to wrestle with a case that 's drawn intense public attention . Beck said that police had interviewed more than 600 people and devoted thousands of hours trying to crack the case . They thought they 'd gotten their break May 22 . Los Angeles authorities announced then that they had arrested Giovanni Ramirez , 31 , because they believed he was the "  primary aggressor " in the attack . Ramirez , a documented gang member associated with the Varrio Nuevo Estrada street gang in East Los Angeles , was then ordered jailed on $ 1 million bail . On June 20 , he was ordered to serve 10 months -- a term that can not be reduced -- for violating parole related to a 2005 conviction for possession of a firearm , California 's Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said in a press release . He previously had been convicted in 1998 for robbery , court records show . But a second charge related to Stow 's assault was dropped "  without prejudice " on that same date "  due to the lack of the evidence presented on that charge , " the corrections department statement said . Beck said Friday that Ramirez was exonerated as a result of the continuing investigation , adding that police met a "  burden of proof " required to arrest him , but not to proceed with a criminal case . He conceded that the backtracking may not help police credibility , but said it is "  just as important that we find out the innocent that we find the guilty . " "  What this investigation speaks to is that we do the right thing , even when it 's the hard thing , " Beck said . "  This is about the character of the police department ... even when it reflects badly on us . "	NEW : The man initially arrested for the beating has been exonerated , but remains in jail Two men have been arrested on mayhem and assault in the beating of Bryan Stow A woman is also in custody and charges against her are pending , the police chief says Stow is in a San Francisco hospital , recovering from extensive trauma from the attack
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani made a U-turn Saturday -- first declaring that the military offensive against Islamic militants in South Waziristan had ended , then saying there is no timeframe for its completion . The Pakistani army is conducting an intense operation to rout militants from their haven along the country 's border with Afghanistan . The militants , in turn , have launched a series of deadly attacks in retaliation . Answering a question from a reporter who asked whether the government will engage in dialogue with the Taliban in South Waziristan , Gilani said the operation was over . "  There was talk of dialogue even during the Malakand Operation . But now , the operation in South Waziristan is over . In fact , at the moment , there is talk of an operation in Orakzai Agency , " he said . Malakand is another operation that the military is conducting in another region . Orakzai is one of seven districts that make up the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan . Like South Waziristan , it is also considered rife with militants . Gilani 's comments , made in the eastern city of Lahore , were aired on national television . But hours later , he backtracked . "  It could have been in a different context , " he told reporters in Karachi . These remarks were also aired on television . Gilani also declined to say when the offensive might end . "  We will take military action wherever we get information about the presence of militants , " he said . When reached for clarification , the prime minister 's office pointed CNN to the second statement . The army did not comment on Gilani 's remarks . A release it sends out daily made no mention of an end to the offensive on Saturday . Instead , Saturday 's release provided the usual breakdown of operations in various parts of the country , including South Waziristan . CNN 's Samson Desta and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Pakistan 's Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani tells reporter operation against Taliban is over Hours later he backtracks on national television and declines to say when operation may end Pakistani army conducting an intense operation to rout militants along Afghan border
T+L  -- Can just traveling to a city make you better looking ? Liz Eckert would say so . On a recent visit to southern California , the Connecticut real estate agent was struck by the gorgeous scenery -- as in , the people . She chalked it up to the locals ' regular access to sand , surf , and sunshine . "  After one week there , I actually looked and felt healthier , " she says . "  My skin was glowing , my hair was shiny , and even my nails grew -- and they never grow . " Given the area 's seemingly magical powers of osmosis , it 's no wonder that both San Diego and Los Angeles made it into the top five cities for America 's best-looking people , according to Travel + Leisure readers . New results are in from the annual America 's Favorite Cities survey , in which readers rate 35 metropolitan areas for qualities such as people-watching , walkable streets , and hot music scenes . This year , the attractive locals category saw a fair amount of movement : the new number 1 city is a past champ that had previously fallen from grace , and several cities have made impressive rebounds in the rankings or else seemingly let themselves go .  What happened , Las Vegas ? While plenty of the top 20 cities offer the potentially transformational elements that Eckert found in SoCal , other winners offered proof that being gorgeous is more than skin deep . Non-coastal  or downright chilly  cities such as Minneapolis , Nashville , and Kansas City fared just fine -- and also ranked well with readers for being friendly . T+L : America 's most romantic cities One new category in this year 's survey may have also boosted chemistry : a charming accent , something T+L readers found lacking with the folks of Phoenix and Seattle , who also ranked among the less attractive . Of course , a key ingredient in attraction is a solid fashion sense and that may be a reason that some sunny cities landed near the bottom . "  Locals in Orlando know what they are to the world " -- a giant theme park -- "  and do n't even try anymore , " says Lisa Finkelstein , a Tallahassee-based freelance writer . "  Since it 's warm much of the year , shorts and a pullover shirt , plus tennies , takes them everywhere , " she says . "  Even Angelina Jolie ca n't work that look . " Number 1 : Miami Did they do something new with their hair ? These party-loving Floridians have reclaimed the top slot this year , which they have n't held since 2009 . They also ranked in the top 10 for their fashion sense and fit physiques . See for yourself over drinks at one of the city 's highly rated cocktail lounges . The only downer : Miamians also ranked as being pretty aloof . Number 2 : San Diego It 's hard to argue with a beauty regimen of fresh air and miles of beaches for staying in shape . This SoCal city has consistently ranked as the first runner-up for good looks in T+L 's survey , even if readers tend not to be so impressed with the locals ' conversational skills . San Diegans do , however , score well for being tech-savvy . Number 3 : San Juan , Puerto Rico Last year 's winner slipped a few spots this year , but the island city is still a magnetic place for mingling with a good-looking crowd : it also ranks in the top three for its happy hour and singles scene . Readers downgraded the Puerto Rican city for its sense of style , but they were suckers for the fabulous local accent . T+L : America 's best cities for singles Number 4 : Charleston Proof that voters are a little fickle : this South Carolina city was No. 1 for attractive locals in 2010 , but fell to No. 7 last year . While readers still find the locals to be charming -- and think that the city makes a great romantic getaway -- they were easily distracted by all the good shopping , ranking the city in the top five when it comes to antiques , design stores , and indie boutiques . Number 5 : Los Angeles It 's easy to make jokes about some locals having "  work " done . But whatever the reason , Angelenos have ranked in the top five for looks in the last three out of four years , and they won the silver medal this year for their fashion-forward style . They 're also trying that catch-more-flies-with-honey strategy : their niceness factor went up by three positions since last year . Number 6 : Nashville A cowboy hat sets off the face nicely , does n't it ? Music City jumped up seven places in the attractiveness category since last year , even if it lost its grip on the top spot in the survey for music . If you want an alternative to the honky-tonks , look for any crowd wearing SEC team shirts : Nashville ranked No. 3 for its sports bars . Number 7 : Austin Folks in the Texas capital seem to be simultaneously quirky , smart , and buff : the only personal quality that voters were less-than-smitten with was perhaps residents ' tendency toward hipster fashion . Look for them hanging out by the No. 2 -- ranked food trucks or dining on gourmet burgers . T+L : The best and worst airports to find a date Number 8 : Savannah If these Georgians ever said anything unattractive or rude , voters might not even notice , so blinded were they by the top-ranked local drawl . Voters were also charmed by these southerners ' willingness to indulge themselves : the handsome city ranked No. 3 for its happy hour , and No. 1 for ice cream parlors . Number 9 : Honolulu Despite the fashion gambles of occasional floral shirts and muumuus , the Hawaiians are regulars in the attractive top 10 for their compelling mix of diversity , fitness , and a mellow attitude . It can only help that the Hawaiian city won the top spot in the survey 's weather category . Number 10 : Minneapolis/St . Paul After a two-year absence , the Twin Cities have returned to the top 10 , perhaps because locals nicely walk the line between nerdy and outdoorsy : they won the survey for smarts , and the cities ranked No. 1 for their parks . Readers were also impressed by the Minnesotans ' refined tastes in beverages , so to mingle , head to the local micropubs and coffeehouses . See all the results Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Can where you live affect the way you look ? T+L readers think so Las Vegas used to be ranked top city when it came to attractiveness Charming accents may make the people of certain cities more attractive
CNN  -- At some 7 billion people , the world can sometimes seem like a crowded place . But if the latest estimates are to be believed , then in less than a century it is going to feel even more so -- about 50 % more crowded , in fact . Such dizzying numbers understandably raise an important question , one that we have been wrestling with at least since Thomas Malthus famously predicted that rising populations would create a food crunch : Can the world 's supply of food continue to meet demand ? World Food Day , being marked Thursday , seems as good a time as any to wrestle with this question . And for once , it looks like there is actually some good news in the fight against global hunger . But any attempt to fully understand the magnitude of the challenge -- and to formulate ways we can meet it -- should begin with five key numbers : 805 million : The number of people who suffer from chronic hunger . While this number is down about 11 % over the last decade , it still represents an unacceptable proportion of the world 's population . 10.95 billion : How many people the United Nations thinks the world is going to have to support by the year 2100 . This represents a significant upward revision from previous estimates that had pegged the human population as leveling off around 2050 at about 9.5 billion . Much of this new growth is occurring in sub-Saharan Africa , where family size remains high and mortality from HIV is down . 33 : The percentage of the world 's food that is wasted before it is consumed by a human being . In the Global South , this waste occurs thanks to inefficient processing and storage facilities . In the Global North , consumers and retailers are to blame . The United Nations estimates that global food waste costs $ 2.6 trillion annually . 2.512 billion : How many tons of food the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization expects the world 's farmers to harvest this year . If this projection comes true , we will be within .50 % of the world 's most bountiful year on record . 2,868 : The number of dietary calories available on our planet per person per day in 2011 , the last year for which data is available . This number has actually been growing , suggesting that the amount of food produced per person has been steadily rising  in 1990 there were 2,619 dietary calories per person per day  . This growth in productivity is especially remarkable considering that the Earth 's population grew by about 2 billion people over this time . Most importantly , the number of calories per person per day tells us that there is enough food on the planet for us all . Of course , the first two numbers paint a sobering picture of the potential food security and sustainability challenges the world faces . And when we add in the uncertainties over climate change , then the task of planning and effectively implementing systems and policies that will ensure everyone in the future receives an adequate diet seems a daunting one . But the other figures tell a different story , and allow room for some optimism . Why ? Because fundamentally , the data show us that we have enough food . We are not up against some irrefutable Malthusian monster . What 's more , these numbers prove that hunger is a matter of public policy and everyday behavior and suggest that social collapse , widespread famine and destitution should never be seen as inevitable in a world that wastes one-third of its food . Ultimately , these five numbers tell us that hunger is a solvable problem . Yes , famines , droughts and food riots will be an increasing feature of the headlines in the decades ahead . But this should not distract from the underlying : The world can have a well-fed future , one where everyone has enough to eat .	World 's population set to grow to almost 11 billion by 2100 , United Nations estimates About one-third of the world 's food is wasted There is room for optimism over whether world can feed growing population , says Evan Fraser
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- St. Basil 's Cathedral in Moscow , with its colorful onion domes , is an architectural icon . And now you can eat it . Pastry Chef Troman Felizmenio has created a piece of culinary art by making a gingerbread copy of the landmark for the holiday season . He works at the Ritz Carlton hotel near the Kremlin and Red Square . Creation of the edible cathedral , which is 2 meters  6.5 feet  high , began in early September and lasted nearly three months , according to a description from the hotel . Each day , Felizmenio spent two or three hours gathering the pieces together . "  When building gingerbread houses of this size , it is important to keep the proportions right . Otherwise the whole structure will collapse , and even the melted sugar , serving as the glue material , will not save it , " the chef said in a press release . The gingerbread house is featured as a centerpiece in the hotel lobby . Felizmenio 's creation has the same proportions and is an exact exterior replica of the 16th century cathedral . There is one big tower in the center and eight smaller , onion-domed towers around it , all richly decorated with royal icing . Ivan the Terrible , the tsar of Muscovy , commissioned the cathedral 's construction to commemorate his 1552 military conquest of the city of Kazan , east of Moscow , which was the stronghold of the Tatars , a Turkic ethnic group . There is a chapel under each dome symbolizing one of Ivan 's assaults on Kazan . A ninth tower was constructed in the 1580s to house the tomb of St. Basil the Blessed . Felizmenio and his team of bakers were making a limited number of smaller cathedrals to sell ; prices start at 50,000 rubles  $ 1,600  . CNN 's Max Tkachenko and Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	Pastry Chef Troman Felizmenio has created an edible replica of St. Basil 's Cathedral in Moscow Gingerbread creation took three months to build according to Ritz Carlton hotel , Moscow Smaller gingerbread cathedrals on sale to public . Prices start at $ 1,600
Washington  CNN  -- From Hollywood to Washington , the outrage is spreading over Sony Pictures ' decision to cancel a movie release following a cyber attack and threats from a group of North Korea-backed hackers . Politicians urged Sony not to back down in the face of threats tied to the release of the controversial comedy "  The Interview , " and then began lashing out when the studio made it clear it has no further plans to release the film , which depicts an assassination plot against North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Republican Rep. Ed Royce , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , slammed Sony 's decision Thursday as a "  capitulation " to the North Korean dictator and called for the U.S. to rally the international community and severely sanction North Korea for carrying out what he called a "  cyber war . " FBI investigators tracked the hackers who broke into Sony 's servers , published private information and threatened moviegoers back to the North Korean regime , U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN on Wednesday . The North Korean regime slammed the movie this summer as "  terrorism and a war action . " And despite the hackers ' threat to attack movie theaters , the Department of Homeland Security has said "  there is no credible intelligence " supporting an active plot against movie theaters . And President Barack Obama urged people to "  go to the movies . " "  Once you capitulate to one dictator , does that mean that the next dictator or the next terrorist that says you 're not going to make a comedy about -- or a film at all about ISIS , " Royce said . "  All of us in public life have a responsibility right now to speak out and to say , ` No , Sony , you did the wrong thing ' and to say to Hollywood , come behind -- the other studios should come behind Sony and offer their support . " Royce said the U.S. should get international support to sanction North Korea and cut off its access to financial institutions . Watch out world : North Korea deep into cyber warfare , defector says More broadly , Royce said Sony 's decision to "  self-censor " undercuts U.S. efforts to promote freedom throughout the world , including in the hermit kingdom . "  That 's what 's most worrisome about this decision , " Royce said . Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney also urged Sony , "  do n't cave , fight " in a tweet on Wednesday . Sen. John McCain , the incoming chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee , called Sony 's decision "  profoundly troubling " in a statement . "  That decision sets a troubling precedent that will only empower and embolden bad actors to use cyber as an offensive weapon even more aggressively in the future , " McCain said in a statement Thursday . But McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential nominee , pinned the Sony debacle on the Obama administration for failing to "  satisfactorily address " cyber warfare . McCain pointed to Iranian , Russian and Chinese attacks on government and private financial sectors and said the Obama administration has failed to "  deter our adversaries . " But Congress has also failed to tackle cybersecurity , failing to pass legislation before the end of the 113th Congress that would have beefed up public-private sector partnerships to fend off cyber attacks , which are on the rise . And Congress needs to tackle that type of comprehensive legislation , McCain said in the statement . Rep. Adam Kinzinger , a Republican and Air Force veteran , did n't pull any punches as he linked the Sony decision to recent events . And Rep. Steve Israel , a top-ranking Democrat , called on Sony Pictures to release "  The Interview " on DVD and tweeted "  we should not let a pathological regime in N. Korea intimidate us . " He added that he would be the first online to see the movie . .	Rep. Ed Royce called the decision a "  capitulation " and called for sanctions to punish North Korea for a "  cyber war " Mitt Romney also tweeted , urging Sony "  do n't cave , fight " Sen. John McCain said Sony 's decision sets a "  troubling precedent , " but ultimately blamed Obama Reps. Adam Kinzinger and Steve Israel also sounded off on Twitter
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- As the chairwoman of South Korea 's Hyundai group , Hyun Jeong-eun , faces business challenges few other executives can imagine . The former housewife took over the company in 2003 after the death of her husband , who faced allegations he transferred millions to North Korea to help arrange the historic 2000 summit . In addition to managing massive operations in finance , manufacturing , and transport , she oversees operations in the secretive state of North Korea . Subsidiary Hyundai Asan has led efforts to build economic ties between the North and South , so Hyun is not only managing a multinational through a recession but also through global tensions over the North 's nuclear program . Hyundai Asan has invested $ 272 million in North Korea , in projects like the Kaesong Industrial Park and tours to Mount Kumgang . Hyun traveled to North Korea in August to secure the release of a Hyundai worker who was detained on accusations he insulted the government . While there , she spent more than four hours with the state 's reclusive leader - Kim Jong Il -- who was said to be recovering from a possible stroke . As part of CNN 's Eye on South Korea , Kristie Lu Stout sat down with Hyun at Hyundai Group 's Headquarters in Seoul . Here are edited excerpts from the conversation . CNN : What was your impression of Kim Jong Il as a man ? Does he look healthy ? Was he mentally very aware ? Hyun : When I first saw him I thought he had lost a lot of weight than before , but once we started talking , his voice was strong and he talked a lot about things that had happened in the past . He talked about my father-in-law -LSB- Hyundai Founder Chung Ju-Yung -RSB- , my husband and a lot of things from the past , and it seemed like he still had a good memory and had no issues with carrying out his work . He seemed to be in good health . When you were talking with Kim Jong Il , was it your impression that he wants more investment from South Korea ? That he wants to do more business with your country ? He showed a lot of enthusiasm . He said he hopes the North and South Korean government can talk things through so to have a lot of South Korean companies enter the North , and he also said that since they have the natural resources and the South has the skills to sell , if both sides work together he expects the North and South to prosper . Is Kim Jong Il a tough business negotiator ? He seems to be very honest and straightforward when he speaks . So I believe that if direct talks with the leader Kim Jong Il are possible , a lot of good results will come out of it . I personally think that if President Obama and Kim Jong Il meet , things can be worked out quite easily . The Kaesong industrial complex , the joint facility run by North and South , what is the future of that complex ? Currently we are only operating the first block , but I am sure that once things get settled down by both governments , we have many plans for the second block as well . A hotel needs to be built . We need to have hospitals , post offices , so I am expecting gradually that we will expand business there . Kaesong Industrial complex has North Korean workers . What is it like to manage them ? Do they have the skills ? Do they understand the technology ? North Korean employees work very hard , and I heard that women work especially hard , so all the factories want to take in the female workers . In the beginning , because the workers had n't used things like sewing machines before , I heard they would come to work an hour early to practice and that they work with great enthusiasm and work very hard . North Korean workers are also good at holding small meetings and they talk things through during those meetings . So the factory owners seem to be very pleased with it all . When you have a factory in China , if there 's a problem it 's hard to fix it because of the language , but in this case , since you can communicate freely , the employers find it much easier to do things . Why invest so much in North Korea ? What is the upside for Hyundai Group ? It all started with the project of my father-in-law . Because he was born in North Korea he always had a great love towards North Korea . He met some of his relatives there . I think personally , he was saddened by the economic poverty that people were experiencing in that country . So this is n't a business mission , it is a personal mission ? I think for my father-in-law , a lot of it was started for personal reasons . For me , of course I do it for business , but also because my husband experienced bad things due to operations in North Korea , I feel like it 's my duty to continue this business to ensure his death does not go to waste . Is the South Korean government supportive of Hyundai groups operations and interests in North Korea ? Not really at the moment because of the nuclear issue at the middle . Things are not going that smoothly at the moment . But we are hoping in the future that they will help and cooperate and be supportive and I guess they will .	Met with North Korean leader for four hours in August to release an employee Hyun : "  He had lost a lot of weight ...  he  still had a good memory " Hyundai runs with North Korea the Kaesong Industrial Park
Washington  CNN  -- Food safety regulators do n't expect any more recalls after last week 's withdrawal of about 550 million eggs from the U.S. market , but inspections are still going on following a salmonella outbreak traced to two Iowa farms , federal officials said Monday . Jeff Farrar , the associate commissioner for food safety at the Food and Drug Administration , said it was "  a little premature " to discuss the findings of those inspections . FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said on Sunday night that farms involved in the recall fell short of safety standards . Farrar would not release details of the inspections , which also involve a third operation that supplied the two egg producers , but the results could be released later this week , he said . About 1,300 cases of salmonella have been linked to eggs from Wright County Eggs and Hillandale Farms of Iowa , forcing a recall of their products in at least 17 states , the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control reported . Wright County Egg has recalled 380 million eggs , while Hillandale Farms recalled 170 million eggs . "  We have a very complicated network of food distribution in this country , " Hamburg told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . "  You start with a couple of farms in Iowa and you can get nationwide exposure . " Speaking on a conference call with reporters Monday afternoon , Hamburg said federal regulations that took effect in July could have prevented the recall . The new regulation went into effect July 9 , requiring egg producers with more than 3,000 hens to take measures designed to prevent the spread of salmonella . The current outbreak began in May , according to the FDA . "  We believe that had these rules been in place at an earlier time , it would have very likely enabled us to identify the problems on this farm before this kind of outbreak occurred , " Hamburg said . While FDA inspectors typically did n't inspect farms until after an outbreak of illness , Farrar said under the new rule , "  We will be beginning routine inspections of egg farms throughout the United States . " The FDA said some companies that bought and resold eggs from Wright County or Hillandale could issue sub-recalls , meaning they would ask their customers to return the products . But that wo n't add to the more than half a billion eggs already recalled . The Danielson family of Watertown , Minnesota , was among those afflicted by the outbreak . "  Everybody had diarrhea . That was kind of the first thing , " Todd Danielson told CNN affiliate KARE , "  and then headaches and then throwing up and then it was body aches . I could n't even move . I mean it was like in your joints it hurt so bad . It was worse than any flu I 've ever had . " Brittany Danielson , 10 , added , "  We thought we had the flu , but then we saw the egg recall and we figured that 's what it was because my dad read off the symptoms from the computer and those were all the symptoms we had . " The Danielsons and their neighbors both told KARE they bought Hillandale Farms eggs at Wal-Mart . Hillandale Farms , one of the largest U.S. producers , said in a statement Sunday it is devastated by the possible connection between its product and salmonella . The company said it would work with the FDA to review "  every phase of our operation " and fix any problems . Both Wright County Egg and Hillandale Farms were supplied by another company , Quality Egg , which provided feed and young birds . Both Wright County and Quality Egg are owned by the DeCoster family , which has a string of agribusiness interests in the Midwest and Northeast . Those companies ' records have come under new scrutiny since the recalls were announced earlier this month . In June , company owner Jack DeCoster admitted to 10 civil counts of animal cruelty in Maine after a nonprofit animal welfare group conducted an undercover video investigation and forwarded its findings to Maine animal welfare officials . Dr. Donald E. Hoenig , the Maine state veterinarian , said the allegations included keeping too many birds in cases , failing to treat injured chickens or promptly remove dead animals , and improper euthanization . Hoenig said DeCoster and his company agreed to a $ 25,000 fine and made a $ 100,000 payment to reimburse the state for future monitoring of the facility . In 1996 , the Labor Department accused DeCoster of maintaining "  sweatshop conditions " for migrant workers at its Turner , Maine , chicken farm , where then-Labor Secretary Robert Reich said workers risked salmonella by handling dead chickens and manure with their bare hands . The Occupational Safety and Health Administration fined the company $ 3.6 million . In January 2002 , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission hit another DeCoster company with allegations that its supervisors sexually assaulted and harassed female employees , some of whom were in the country illegally , and threatened to retaliate against them if they complained . The managers were fired for "  unrelated reasons , " the EEOC said , and DeCoster agreed to pay a settlement of more than $ 1.5 million . In 2000 , Iowa 's attorney general declared DeCoster a "  habitual violator " of state environmental laws after a series of discharges of manure from his hog-farming operations . He paid a $ 150,000 penalty and had to build six concrete storage structures , and his company was barred from expanding those operations . In a statement issued Monday morning , Wright County Egg said it was working with the FDA on the current recalls and defended its record . "  Wright County Egg strives to operate our farms in the most responsible manner , and our management team has worked closely with FDA through their review of our farms . We have reviewed Commissioner Hamburg 's comments to the media , but because we have not received any written reports from FDA to date , it would be inappropriate to respond to her remarks . It is important to note that any concerns raised verbally during FDA 's on-farm visit were immediately addressed or are in the process of being addressed , " the statement said . "  When issues have been raised about our farms , our management team has addressed them swiftly and effectively , working with recognized outside experts to identify and implement corrective measures for our operations , " it said . "  We are approaching our work with FDA in the same forthright manner . " While the recall involves hundreds of millions of eggs , they represent less than 1 percent of the 80 billion eggs produced in the United States each year , said Krista Eberle , director of the food safety program at the Egg Safety Center , a trade association entity . "  This is one of the larger recalls that have happened , " Eberle said . But she added , "  This is an extremely rare occurrence . " CNN 's Don Lemon , Sandra Endo and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Inspections continue , but no further recalls expected , FDA says A Minneapolis family says eggs caused diarrhea , headaches and vomiting Wright County Egg says it 's working to implement corrective measures "  Complicated " food distribution network can expose the entire nation , official says
Washington  CNN  -- After weeks of urging the Obama administration to implement a travel ban to and from Ebola stricken countries , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has taken matters into his own hands . On Monday , Jindal signed an executive order calling for all state departments , agencies , and offices to "  develop a plan and reporting mechanism " for employees to disclose whether they had recently traveled to Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . The order was made in an effort to monitor travelers from potentially exposing other Louisiana residents to the disease . If an employee recently visited one of these countries , they will be immediately restricted from using commercial transportation and visiting public spaces for 21 days , the incubation period set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and World Health Organization . The order does not clarify how individuals will be advised to cooperate . An Ebola travel ban would be completely unprecedented "  The federal government , to date , has failed to implement protections at the national level to prevent the entry of the Ebola Virus Disease into the United States of America , " Jindal said in his order . "  Such a threat can be reduced with the implementation of precautionary , common-sense measures for public employees and students , faculty , and staff of institutions of higher learning who travel to these countries . " The potential 2016 candidate has been vocal against the administration 's hesitancy to consider a blanket travel ban following the diagnosis of two Ebola patients in Texas . Thomas Eric Duncan , who traveled from Liberia to the U.S. , died earlier this month . A nurse who treated him , Nina Pham , is currently receiving treatment at the National Institute of Health and remains in fair condition . Senate slates Ebola hearing as calls for ban grows The administration has warned against a travel ban , saying that it will only hurt efforts to deliver necessary resources to combat the spread of the disease . However , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson announced Tuesday that visitors traveling from West Africa to the U.S. can only enter through five airports that have taken additional screening measures . "  A travel ban is something that we 're not currently considering , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters earlier this month . He said the administration has confidence that a "  multi-layered " screening system will work effectively .	Gov. Bobby Jindal has signed an executive order regarding residents who have recently traveled to Ebola stricken countries . The order says those travelers must be quarantined from using public transportation and visiting public places for 21 days . The administration is against a blanket travel ban , saying it will hurt more than help . President Obama has confidence the "  multi-layer " security system will work .
In focus -- Reviving the pearl industry Harvesting pearls was a major source of income for Bahrain and the region until the early 20th century when Japanese cultured pearls flooded world markets and oil was discovered . Now Bahrain is trying to revive interest in its pearl tradition . It 's applying to UNESCO to list its pearl diving beds and traditional houses as a world heritage site . We explore the kingdom 's pearl traditions , from diving for oysters to one of the oldest pearl retailing families in Bahrain . Facetime -- Yassir Zenagui , Moroccan Minister of Tourism 2009 was a challenging year for the tourism sector , but now it 's steadily regaining momentum . In the Middle East , Morocco boasted six percent growth in 2009 . With over nine million visitors expected to the Kingdom in 2010 , MME sat down with Morocco 's Minister of tourism , Yassir Zenagui to find out how the country 's tourism sector dodged the effects of the downturn . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745	Bahrain has applied to list its traditional pearl diving beds as world heritage sites . MME explores the kingdom 's pearl traditions , once a major source of its income Plus MME sits down with the Moroccan Minister of Tourism
CNN  -- Each fall we return to our beloved TVs , ready for the favorites to ease into an autumnal slump while new series fight for a spot on our DVR . September sees the list filled up to about 70 % , but that number dwindles as the season wears on . By the time winter finales are upon us , less than a quarter of the shows we committed to are left standing . Gone are the programs we were rooting for , cast aside in favor of old favorites like "  Sex and The City " reruns on TBS . Everyone 's going to give you the scoop on new fall shows , but we 'd like to predict what will survive based on a good old-fashioned hunch . Why ? Because we 've watched far too much television in our time to sit idly by while our fellow viewers flip aimlessly between the networks . You can thank us later . "  Two Broke Girls "  CBS  -- Written by "  Sex And The City " producer Michael Patrick King and comedienne Whitney Cummings , this sitcom stars Kat Dennings and Beth Behrs as a modern-day "  Laverne & Shirley . " Max  Dennings  is a mouthy Brooklyn waitress who also works as a nanny .  How we miss New York and scraping to make ends meet .  Her new co-worker , Caroline  Behrs  , is an heiress whose father is serving time for his involvement in a Ponzi scheme  too soon ?  . Caroline is now "  broke , " and forced to move in with Max . Sounds like a predictable premise , but here 's hoping that both the writing and comedic timing is good enough to make up for the tired formula . "  Pan Am "  ABC  -- This little gem of a throwback , starring Christina Ricci , reminds us of what flying once was . Way before passengers were hauled off to airplane jail for not turning their phones off , travel was a privilege -- nay -- a joy . We 'll get an all-access look at the glamorous lives of Pan Am 's flight attendants , the prom queens of the jet-setting golden age . "  Up All Night "  NBC  -- We can not WAIT for this comedy , and pray to the gods of network heaven that it 's a success . You 've seen a few previews here and there of Will Arnett and Christina Applegate turning on each other after having their first baby . Relax , their relationship is n't in jeopardy . They 're just new parents ! Arnett + Applegate + Maya Rudolph and a baby = The second coming of "  30 Rock ? " Yes ? No ? "  Once Upon A Time "  ABC  -- Jennifer Morrison and Ginnifer Goodwin star in this magical series about a town in Maine populated with characters  like Snow White  who have no recollection of their true identities . We are going to be straightforward with you : This program , which tells dual stories set in present day and in fairy tale land , confuses the dust out of us . No matter , we 'll be tuning in to see how it all unfolds . "  Terra Nova "  Fox  -- Produced by Steven Spielberg , "  Terra Nova " sounds like a TV version of "  Jurassic Park , " which is fine by us . The drama focuses on the Shannon family , who travel back to prehistoric Earth to save humanity . Dinosaurs both good and bad will cross paths with the Shannons , and we 've been promised some dinosaur vs. man action . SOLD . "  Last Man Standing "  ABC  -- Call us old-fashioned , but nothing gives us greater pleasure than to welcome Tim "  The Tool Man " Taylor back to Sitcomville . How we miss watching the father-son camaraderie between Tim and his three boys on "  Home Improvement . " It 's 20 years later and Allen has come home , this time to star as Mike , a "  manly married man " with three girls . Allen said at this summer 's TCA tour in Beverly Hills that he was pitched a number of television ideas , but refused to stray from the "  Home Improvement " concept . He explained to USA Today that "  I just really wanted to investigate what it would be like to be around four women who are intelligent and strong . And I thought it would be kind of fun , literally , to flip-flop ` Home Improvement . ' It is n't rocket science what I 'm doing . " The sitcom also stars Nancy Travis as Allen 's wife and Hector Elizondo as his boss . We 're curious to know which shows you 'll be tuning into this fall season . Sound off in the comments below .	"  Two Broke Girls " is written by "  Sex And The City " producer Michael Patrick King Will Arnett , Christina Applegate turn on each other after they have a baby in "  Up All Night " Jennifer Morrison and Ginnifer Goodwin star in ABC 's "  Once Upon A Time "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A member of the royal family of Abu Dhabi who was captured on videotape torturing an Afghan grain dealer has reportedly been detained , a senior U.S. State Department official told CNN Saturday . Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan , pictured here , allegedly tortured a business associate on videotape . The official said the government of the United Arab Emirates , which includes Abu Dhabi as one of its seven emirates , told the State Department that Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan is under house arrest pending an investigation , but that the United States has not independently confirmed the development . The videotape emerged last month in a federal civil lawsuit filed in Houston , Texas , by Bassam Nabulsi , a U.S. citizen , against the sheikh . Former business partners , the men had a falling out , in part over the tape . In a statement to CNN , the sheikh 's U.S. attorney said Nabulsi is using the videotape to influence the court over a business dispute . The tape of the heinous torture session is delaying the ratification of a civil nuclear deal between the United Arab Emirates and the United States , senior U.S. officials familiar with the case have said . The senior U.S. officials said the administration has held off on the ratification process because it believes sensitivities over the story can hurt its passage . On Saturday , Human Rights Watch called the sheikh 's reported detention "  a significant development " but said the UAE government needs to do more to restore confidence in its judicial system . "  The videotape of this episode shocked the world , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  The report of the arrest was reassuring , but now the government needs to make the details public . Secretive prosecutions will not deter further abuses and torture . " On the tape , Sheikh Issa appears to burn with rage . Apparently believing he was cheated in a business deal , the sheikh was trying to extract a confession from the Afghan grain dealer . With a private security officer assisting , Sheikh Issa is seen stuffing sand in the Afghan 's mouth . As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers , he is beaten with a nailed board , burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter , shocked with a cattle prod and led to believe he would be shot . Salt is literally poured on his wounds . The 45 minutes of torture appears on a nearly three-hour-long videotape shot in late 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi . It was made at the direction of the sheikh himself . The tape has been viewed by CNN . Watch portions of the tape and Nabulsi tell his story " After international concerns over the tape mounted in late April , Abu Dhabi 's government issued a statement saying it deplored the contents of the video and planned an immediate and comprehensive review of it . The sheikh , who holds no official government position , is the half-brother of the UAE 's ruler , President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Human Rights Watch sent a April 28 letter to the president imploring him to form "  an independent body " to probe both the torture and and the "  failure " of the UAE 's Interior Ministry "  to bring those involved to justice . " The group reiterated that call Saturday . As for the grain dealer , UAE officials say he survived the ordeal , and said the sheikh and the grain dealer settled the matter privately by agreeing not to bring formal charges against each other . However , Nabulsi 's attorney , Anthony Buzbee , said the grain dealer ca n't be located and it is not known whether he is alive .	State Department official says member of Abu Dhabi royal family reportedly detained Investigation continuing after videotape shows sheikh torturing grain merchant Videotape emerged last month in federal civil lawsuit filed in the United States U.S. senior officials say case is holding up a U.S. nuclear deal with the UAE
Mental Floss  -- With Mother 's Day just around the corner , this week seemed like a great time to give a tip of our caps to stay-at-home moms , including these four who used clever ideas to become business moguls . Gerber : Of course only a mother could found such a successful baby food company ! In the late 1920s , Michigan mom Dorothy S. Gerber was hand-straining food for her baby daughter , Sally , when she realized there must be some way to avoid the messy task . She pointed out to her husband , Daniel , that if his family 's business , the Fremont Canning Company , could puree a tomato all day long , its equipment could probably make short work of other fruits and veggies , too . Daniel Gerber realized his wife was on to something , and after a year of experimentation -- and an extensive search to find the right drawing for their label 's now-iconic "  Gerber baby " - the Gerbers introduced their first line of baby foods , a super-yummy menu of strained peas , carrots , prunes , and spinach . Mental Floss : 6 unforgettable movie mothers Baby Einstein : When Alpharetta , Georgia mom Julie Aigner-Clark went looking for educational materials for her newborn daughter in 1996 , she found a disappointing hole in the baby market : there were n't really any educational materials to expose babies to music and the arts . Some parents would just accept whatever the market was offering . Not Aigner-Clark . She shot a video for her daughter in her basement then edited it with her husband , Bill , on the family computer . She even doodled a logo for the video at her kitchen table . Within a year , the first Baby Einstein video was in stores , and the series quickly became a runaway hit . Disney bought the company in 2001 after Baby Einstein raked in $ 12 million in revenue the previous year . After the sale Aigner-Clark gave an interview to The New York Times in which she sounded a little surprised by her huge windfall . "  I was just a stay-at-home mom who wanted to expose my daughter to classical music , poetry , not a budding entrepreneur . " Mental Floss : 6 other animals dogs will adopt Mrs. Fields : Debbi Fields was a young stay-at-home mom when she started to feel restless in 1977 . She had always loved baking cookies , so she figured she might try her hand at opening a cookie store . The concept does n't sound odd now that there 's seemingly a Mrs. Fields outlet in every mall you walk into , but at the time the notion that a store would only sell cookies seemed absurd . Furthermore , Fields was only 20 years old and did n't have any business experience . Fields nevertheless managed to secure financing for her venture and she opened up her first cookie shop in Palo Alto , California . Fields and her husband , Randall , soon confirmed their suspicions that people really enjoy cookies and will gladly drop a few bucks to get a warm one . The company began a sweeping franchising program , and in the 1993 Fields sold her cookie empire to an investment firm . Mental Floss : People who switched careers after 50  and thrived BabyLegs : Put this one on the list of brilliant niche markets we did n't know existed : baby legwarmers . Nicole Donnelly managed to turn that very idea into a fabulously successful company . In April 2005 Donnelly found a new weapon in her ongoing battle with her daughter 's diaper rashes . By letting her daughter enjoy some of what they called "  nakedy butt time , " the rash got some much-needed fresh air , but the tot 's legs got cold . Donnelly combatted this chilliness by cutting up a pair of socks to make improvised baby legwarmers . Donnelly quickly realized that the legwarmers had all sorts of side benefits . They did more than just keep her daughter 's legs toasty ; they also protected the baby 's legs when she crawled and made changing diapers a breeze . Donnelly whipped up some stylish designs and began selling BabyLegs to other moms . BabyLegs proved to be an incredibly lucrative idea . In 2008 the company moved over $ 4 million worth of its legwarmers worldwide , and in April 2009 United Legwear bought a majority stake in the company and began aggressively expanding the company 's reach . Mental Floss : Where do baby carrots come from ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Four stay-at-home moms used clever ideas to become business moguls Michigan mom Dorothy Gerber went from making her baby 's food to starting a company Baby Einstein began because music and arts educational materials did n't exist for babies Trying to her baby 's legs warm , led Nicole Donnelly to start a company
CNN  -- When most Americans think about heroic efforts that save lives and keep communities safe from gun violence , I suspect they picture someone with a badge , gun or bullet-proof vest who , with similarly equipped colleagues , busts down doors in pursuit of criminal thugs . I salute the fine officers who arrest violent criminals , but there is another kind of hero dedicated to preventing homicides and shootings . CNN Heroes called attention to him , and others like him , in a recent article . In part , it recounted the story of Tard Carter , 34 , of Baltimore , who is a convicted felon turned outreach worker . Carter goes into the most violent neighborhoods in Baltimore to keep people with histories of gang involvement , criminality and violence from shooting at each other . Carter and his street outreach colleagues have no weapons or means of protection other than their reputation , authenticity and skills as "  violence interrupters . " They help settle disputes peacefully , but they also are much needed role models and mentors who steer youth away from gangs and toward opportunities to live productive , crime-free lives . It sounds admirable , what these brave and committed people do . But can potential killers really be talked out of their initial violent impulses and intentions ? My experience evaluating Baltimore 's Safe Streets program , which aims to reduce shootings among people ages 14-25 , has convinced me that the answer is definitely yes . With the support of funding from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , my colleagues from the Johns Hopkins Center for the Prevention of Youth Violence and I spent the past five years studying the work of outreach workers and violence interrupters like Carter , working in four Baltimore neighborhoods that have historically been among the city 's most violent areas . Each of the intervention sites was in the top 10 % of police posts in Baltimore for homicides and nonfatal shootings from 2003 to 2006 . Three of four neighborhoods in the program experienced reductions in gun violence significantly greater than those in other high-crime neighborhoods that were not involved in the program . After outreach staff mediated numerous gang conflicts during the initial five months Safe Streets was implemented in Carter 's neighborhood , the community did not have a single homicide for nearly two years . This was a feat that had not been accomplished in recent memory .  The neighborhoods had had at least three homicides a year before the program . Sometimes more . Safe Streets replicates Chicago 's CeaseFire program , in which an evaluation showed impressive reductions in gun violence in seven Chicago neighborhoods . The program saved taxpayers the costs of incarceration . A common wisdom in police enforcement has long been that cities could curb gun violence through law enforcement crackdowns on drug dealers , since so much violent crime is related to drugs . But research has shown that these efforts are actually much more likely to increase than decrease violence . Government officials have begun to realize that billions of dollars spent fighting a war on drugs has not been responsible for curbing addiction or reducing violence . Law enforcement efforts targeted at violent gun offenders are often effective and vital to keeping communities safe . But public health initiatives such as CeaseFire and Safe Streets are necessary complements to law enforcement . These programs prevent violence before it occurs in the first place . Homicide is the second leading cause of death for young people in the United States , and the leading cause of death among young black males . The social cost of gun violence in the United States has been estimated to be $ 100 billion annually . To save lives and reduce these costs , we must invest in effective violence prevention programs . Regrettably , some communities that have been implementing Ceasefire have seen their funding cut and programs eliminated . The CDC is an important source of funding for such programs and for the research that determines which strategies are most effective . In light of this , it is disappointing that last week the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee voted to eliminate the CDC 's entire budget for youth violence prevention . This is short-sighted thinking that will keep heroes like Tard Carter -- whose job still survives -- from interrupting the cycle of violence in communities across the country and will stall progress toward an array of other efforts to prevent youth violence . Congress allocates billions of dollars to federal law enforcement against drug traffickers each year . By reallocating only a tiny fraction of those funds to continue CDC 's implementation and evaluation of prevention programs , Congress could really have a positive impact on youth violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Webster .	Tard Carter is Baltimore outreach worker who helps settle street disputes Daniel Webster says programs like "  Safe Streets " are effective in cutting gun violence Such initiatives , including Chicago 's "  CeaseFire , " complement policing , he says Webster : Recent federal cuts will hurt programs ' ability to curb street violence
New York  CNN  -- The first time Chris shot up heroin , he was too scared to do it himself . So his friend did it for him -- when he was 16 . "  I would shoot up mostly in my feet , " he said . "  It escalated to almost five or six bags every time I shot up . " He spent hundreds of dollars a day feeding his addiction . "  I was stealing money from my parents , I was doing illegal actions with my friends , I broke into houses , I 've done all of the above besides selling myself . " Chris , now 17 , is in treatment at Outreach House , a long-term substance abuse program on Long Island , New York , for youths ages 12 to 17 . His road to recovery has n't been a smooth ride , however . After three failed attempts at outpatient treatment , Chris entered an in-patient program at Outreach , but he ran away five times in the first few months . That is not uncommon , said John Venza , vice president of adolescent services at Outreach . "  It really requires an extended amount of time , " he said . 4 arrested , 350 bags of suspected heroin seized in Hoffman case For Chris and the others at Outreach , treatment means removing any distractions to recovery . There are no cell phones , personal televisions or computers allowed , except for doing homework . Teens in the program have mandatory jobs , like service crew , and can work their way up to leadership positions among their peers . There 's a primary focus on youths taking responsibility for their own behavior . Chris ' parents said that in short-term treatment programs , he made new connections with other users that caused him to relapse when he got out . "  We 're able to have them here for a longer window , where we 're really able to shift the values , " Venza said . "  We do very intense work with the families . So we help shift the family 's support system . " From heroin addict to PTA mom Heroin use has exploded in what is being described as an epidemic on New York 's Long Island , where addiction counselors are seeing users as young as 12 -- many from middle-class , suburban families . Several factors have contributed to this "  perfect storm " of addiction according to experts -- among them , proximity to major airports and transportation centers , and a statewide crackdown on prescription painkillers , that has had the unintended effect of pushing more kids to cheaper and more accessible heroin . The trend appears to be national . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says U.S. drug poisoning deaths involving heroin went up 45 % from 2006 to 2010 . And the Drug Enforcement Administration says the amount of heroin seized each year at the southwest U.S. border increased 232 % from 2008 to 2012 . And the trend is bad for younger users . Among four age groups , "  drug poisoning deaths involving heroin " increased only for the youngest group , ages 15 to 24 , from 2008 to 2010 . For all the other age groups , the number of deaths was steady or went down , the CDC says . In Long Island , it 's gotten so bad that one official dubbed the Long Island Expressway , which runs east across the island from New York City , the "  Heroin Highway . " Jeff Reynolds , executive director of the Long Island Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence , said the death of actor Philip Seymour Hoffman puts a national spotlight on drug abuse . But he fears the attention wo n't last . Are heroin death probes created equal ? "  What will happen , and what we 're seeing now , is some attention on the overdose , attention on treatment and recovery . And then , in a few days , we 'll go back to life as it was , " he said . Hoffman "  was one of an estimated 100 people yesterday who lost their lives through a fatal overdose , " Reynolds said Monday . "  We probably could have prevented most of those overdoses , through prevention , access to treatment , recovery support . Yet we did n't . So each one is an indictment of what we failed to do . But it also should energize us to say we need to get serious about this disease . " And Reynolds sees another disturbing trend : "  Ten years ago , if you used two to three bags of heroin a day , you were considered a chronic heavy user . For kids these days , that 's breakfast . " How heroin kills you A deadly one . Heroin has killed a record number of people on Long Island in the last two years , data shows . Heroin arrests on Long Island by the DEA are up 163 % in just the last year . Reynolds says he 's seen a seven-fold increase in patients in the past five years -- 80 % of them from heroin and other opiates . Users often do n't fit the stereotype of the heroin addict . Many are cheerleaders , athletes and straight-A students from loving homes . "  You could n't have looked at my daughter and said she was a heroin addict , " said Susan Roethel , whose daughter , Megan , died of an overdose at 22 . "  The girl was beautiful . She was blond like the rest of these kids -- absolutely beautiful and you did n't know it .  Heroin  was all over . " Doc : My state in addiction stranglehold Parents are caught between denial and shame over the stigma of having a heroin-addicted child . Chris ' mother , Joanne , said she was shocked to learn her son was using the drug . "  Heroin ? My son ? Never . How did I not see that ? " Dorothy Johnson , who lost her son Maxwell at age 28 , says stigma is keeping families from seeking help . "  Our children are just like every other mother or father 's child and they 're not junkies . And that term needs to change . " Getting an addicted child into treatment is difficult , and insurance wo n't always pay . Roethel said short-term programs also did not help her daughter . "  There have to be long-term recovery programs , " she said . "  Well over a year . I think it 's very difficult for these kids to come back . " Robert Scarabino , whose 24-year-old daughter , Jaclyn , died of an overdose in her own bed , said in short-term rehab , "  You work the best of the best . They all know how to conceal , contrive , steal , get more money to support the habit . " Chris says he believes his 11 months at Outreach saved his life . "  I put myself in so many circumstances where I could have died , " he says . "  Being able to say that I have different ways that I can manage my emotions besides getting high , it makes me very happy and excited to go through my future . " He 'll begin that future next week , when he graduates from Outreach , moves back home with his parents and faces the challenge of staying sober . His mother , Joanne , says the program not only saved her son , "  It saved us , too . " Opinion : My mother 's addiction comes from pain	Heroin has killed a record number on Long Island in the last two years Drug counselor : A decade ago 2-3 bags of heroin a day was "  a heavy user " He adds : "  For kids these days , that 's breakfast " CDC says nationwide heroin deaths up 45 % from 2006 to 2010
CNN  -- The chief of the national police in Ecuador , Freddy Martinez , said Friday that he was resigning effectively immediately . His departure comes a day after a chaotic uprising by police officers left President Rafael Correa trapped for several hours in a hospital . Troops loyal to the president arrived at the hospital and rescued him Thursday evening ; two police officers were killed . The police officers said they were angered by a new law that would take away their bonuses and reduce their compensation . The president , who was roughed up and hit by tear gas , said the law would do no such thing and said the police officers had not even read it . Hours after the rescue , Correa repeated his claim that compensation issues were merely a pretext for police to kidnap him and try to overthrow his government . "  It was an attempt and a perfectly coordinated conspiracy , " he said late Thursday . On Friday , a group of South American leaders condemned the disturbance as an "  attempted coup " and praised troops for rescuing the country 's president in a shootout with police . In a statement issued after an emergency meeting in Argentina , the group of presidents and top officials pledged to send their foreign ministers to Ecuador later Friday to show support for Correa . Two people died in clashes between police and the military after hundreds of troops arrived at a hospital outside the country 's capital to rescue Correa on Thursday night , Ecuador 's Red Cross reported . At least 88 people were injured in unrest throughout the country . The violent standoff between police and troops lasted for nearly an hour , said Freddy Paredes , a reporter for CNN affiliate Teleamazonas who watched the shootout from a hospital room . Correa , wearing a military helmet and a gas mask , escaped in a wheelchair as gunfire rang out , he said . "  The police are very fearful , because the president has announced that there will be no forgiveness nor forgetting for the police that were insubordinate , " Paredes said Correa said late Thursday that those responsible would be held accountable . "  It has been a very sad day . I send a warm embrace to those who were injured . I pray to God that nobody dies . Because of what happened , we now need to purge our National Police , " he said . The disturbances occurred as Correa threatened to dissolve the National Assembly over a dispute about several laws , including public service and education . Violence erupted early Thursday when police officers took to the streets , claiming a new law would take away their bonuses and reduce their compensation . Government officials tried to quell the rebellion , insisting that the security forces had been misinformed and warning that the nation 's democracy was in danger . When the president tried to negotiate with them , the protest turned violent . A tear gas grenade was thrown , and Correa was led away , holding a gas mask to his face . Correa , who is recovering from knee surgery , said angry police tried to suffocate him . "  They made me bend my knee to the point that I could not walk , " he said Thursday night . He stressed that a law passed Wednesday by the National Assembly did not cut compensation bonuses of police , as some had asserted , and he accused his political opponents of misinforming and manipulating the public about the legislation . Thursday night , he said that police -- "  not one of them " -- had read the law . "  When they demanded that I revoke the law to let me out , I told them , ` Do n't waste time with me . I leave as president of a dignified nation , or I leave as a cadaver , ' " he said , his voice hoarse from shouting into a microphone "  Of course , the law will not be revoked , " he added , stabbing his finger into the air . Speaking to a jubilant crowd outside the presidential palace , Correa said former president Lucio Gutierrez and other political opponents were behind the day 's unrest -- which he repeatedly called an attempted coup . But in an interview earlier Thursday with CNN en Espanol , Gutierrez sharply denied that claim . Angry police said Thursday that they were overworked and underpaid . "  We work 14 hours a day , " a uniformed officer said on Ecuador TV . "  We are the ones who never protest . " Both of the men killed in Thursday night 's clashes were police officers , the Red Cross said . Correa thanked his supporters -- in particular his bodyguards -- for standing behind him and said the rebel police effort to oust him had failed . "  Nobody has supported the police as much as this government , nobody has increased their salaries as much , " he said . "  After all we 've done for the police , they did this ! " Correa said the actions of the police left him "  profoundly sad , like there was a knife in my back . " The government declared a one-week state of emergency Thursday afternoon and put the military in charge of security . The military said it will support the president and the nation 's democratic institutions . When the Union of South American Nations convened an emergency meeting in Buenos Aires , Argentina , to discuss the situation , the presidents of many South American nations -- including Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , Bolivia 's Evo Morales and Colombia 's Juan Manuel Santos -- were in attendance . After the meeting , Chavez accused the United States of being behind the unrest in Ecuador . "  The Yankee extreme right is trying right now , through arms and violence , to retake control of the continent , " Chavez said . Earlier Thursday U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a statement expressing support for Correa . "  The United States deplores violence and lawlessness , and we express our full support for President Rafael Correa , and the institutions of democratic government in that country , " she said . Correa was elected president in 2006 and took office in 2007 . The socialist president earned a doctorate in economics from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2001 . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Rafael Romo in Atlanta , Georgia , and journalist Martha Sandoval in Quito , Ecuador , contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief resigns in Ecuador Police actions were a "  perfectly coordinated conspiracy , " Ecuador 's president says Correa was rescued by the Ecuadorian army in a shootout
CNN  -- A lawsuit filed by Academy Award winning screenwriter and celebrated director Quentin Tarantino against the Gawker website for linking to a script for a future movie project was dismissed Tuesday by a federal judge . In January , Gawker posted links to the script for "  The Hateful Eight , " an unproduced Western . Tarantino failed to prove that was an act of direct copyright infringement , said Judge John F. Walter of the Central District of California . The judge said he would allow Tarantino 's attorney to amend arguments and refile the complaint by May 1 . Although Gawker did not post the script to its own site , Tarantino 's attorney charged the script would not have been widely accessible if Gawker had not linked to it . Gawker turned down repeated requests to remove links to download the script , Tarantino 's complaint charged . Tarantino told the gossip site Deadline that he had given the script to only six people , including actors Michael Madsen , best known as the killer in "  Reservoir Dogs , " as well as Bruce Dern and Tim Roth . "  Reservoir Dogs " was Roth 's breakthrough film . Somehow , the script leaked . It was posted through a site that lets users anonymously upload and download files . CNN 's attempts to reach Tarantino for comment on Tuesday were unsuccessful . Gawker did n't mention the decision on its website . According to CNN affiliate KTLA , Tarantino held a three-hour reading of the script over the weekend and told audience members he was working on changes to it . Although Tarantino had spoken of shelving the project when the links to the script were posted , he said making the film is still possible .	Links to an unproduced movie script were posted in January The famed director and writer filed suit against one of the more popular websites that posted link Judge rules that Tarantino did n't show there was a copyright infringement Tarantino reportedly is revising the script and might move ahead with making the film
CNN  -- Today they are lawmakers , professors and grandparents . But 50 years ago , they were the young faces of the civil rights movement , who headed to the nation 's capital -- even if it meant hitchhiking -- to be a part of history . These men and women joined nearly a quarter of a million others from across the country to take part in the March on Washington on August 28 , 1963 , a pivotal moment in the civil rights movement . Some even had chance encounters with civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. . The most famous moment of the march was King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , which he delivered from a podium at the Lincoln Memorial to a crowd of an estimated 210,000 people . Photographer captures faces of the march Many thought the event would descend into violence , but it did not . There were 5,000 police officers , National Guardsmen and Army Reservists present , but no marchers were arrested , and no incidents concerning marchers were reported . The march was the culmination of the civil rights movement , and it is credited for helping spur lawmakers to pass the Civil Rights Act in 1964 and the Voting Rights Act in 1965 . There were civil rights leaders , Hollywood celebrities and thousands of ordinary people who knew it was time for the United States to give the same rights to everyone , regardless of race . CNN caught up with a few of those marchers today . Bernice King 's difficult journey Patricia Worthy Patricia Worthy was a college student just looking for a summer job when she got hired as the receptionist at the March on Washington planning office . "  I do n't think I had a title , " Worthy recalled . "  I answered the phones . " She had 10 phone lines to answer , and they rang from the time she walked in until she left for the day . "  I recall one day I 'll never forget , I heard someone say , ` Where is this young lady who handles the phone ? ' And finally I looked up , and there he was -- Dr. King -- and he said , ' I want to meet this young lady . She has put me on the hold twice , and hung up on me once , and I want to know who she is . ' " Worthy said she was "  so embarrassed , " but then the civil rights icon gave her a hug . By the day of the march , she was so tired , she dozed off and accidentally slept through the historic march and the "  I Have a Dream " speech . After a career practicing law -- including a case involving the government 's wiretapping of King -- Worthy has been a law professor at Howard University since 2004 . Lessons from successful movements John Lewis At 23 years old , John Lewis was the youngest speaker at the March on Washington and probably the most controversial . He had just been elected to lead the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee . Lewis ' father was a sharecropper in rural Alabama , where he grew up and went to segregated schools . According to his biography , Lewis "  was inspired by the activism surrounding the Montgomery Bus Boycott and the words of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , which he heard on radio broadcasts . " His prepared text for the March on Washington included a threat to march through the South like Gen. William Sherman during the Civil War unless there was progress on civil rights . That did n't sit well with his fellow civil rights leaders . "  On the night of August 27 , 1963 , I received a note under my door from  march organizer  Bayard Rustin saying , in effect , that there was some concern about my speech , " Lewis said . "  My speech was pretty strong . " Another march organizer , A. Philip Randolph , also asked Lewis to edit his speech . "  And Mr. Randolph came and said , ` John , we come this far together . Can you change this ? Can you delete that ? Let 's stay together , ' " Lewis recalled . So he did . Today , Lewis , 73 , is the only surviving speaker . He has represented Georgia in the U.S. Congress for 14 consecutive terms . Some days , he still walks down to the Lincoln Memorial to stand where they all once stood . MLK memorial ready for anniversary Robert Avery Robert Avery knew the dark side of the civil rights movement . A month after the student protests in Birmingham , Alabama , turned violent , Avery -- 15 years old at the time -- joined anti-segregation demonstrations in Gadsden , Alabama . Police responded with force , cracking down with batons and prods , and arresting more than 460 . Avery still lives with burn scars from a cattle prod . Months later , Avery and two of his friends were determined to get to Washington for the March on Washington . They could n't afford to make the trip via traditional means , so they decided to hitchhike the 700 miles between Gadsden and the nation 's capital . They walked at least a dozen miles up a dark highway before they got their first ride . After three days of hitchhiking , they arrived in Washington a week before the march . The three youths were put to work making signs for the march at the local headquarters . That weekend , a civil rights leader walked in and asked for them . He had been in Gadsden the night before , and their parents wanted him to check on them . King sat down with the three and talked to them for perhaps 20 minutes , asking them about their dreams . Today , Avery continues to serve as a city councilman in Gadsden , a position he has held since 1986 . The only class MLK taught Harry Belafonte Harry Belafonte , a popular actor and Grammy Award-winning singer in the 1960s , used his star power to help bring other celebrities to the March on Washington . "  For myself personally -- beyond raising money , beyond speaking at events that helped to raise money to bring citizens to the Mall -- my task , my larger task , was to organize a cultural contingency to come to the March on Washington , " Belafonte reflected . Besides reaching out to the stars themselves , Belafonte went to many of the studio heads in Hollywood to get prominent actors and actresses temporarily released from their duties so they could participate . He was successful . The Hollywood list of attendees that day read like a who 's who of A-listers : Marlon Brando , Sidney Poitier , Lena Horne , Sammy Davis Jr. , Charlton Heston and Burt Lancaster , who also gave a speech . But having the Hollywood stars there was n't just for show or for increased media attention . It also helped calm President John F. Kennedy 's nerves about the march . "  I believe that their presence did a lot to assuage people who are preoccupied with the fact there could be violence , " Belafonte said . "  One of the things that I said in my conversations with the Kennedys in discussing why they should be more yielding in their support of our demonstration was the fact that there would be such a presence of highly profiled artists -- that that alone would put anxiety to rest , " he added . "  People would be looking at the occasion in a far more festive way . " Belafonte continued his acting and singing career , and today , at 86 , he is still an activist for human rights causes . At the March on Washington : The anger , fear , love and hope Rachelle Horowitz Rachelle Horowitz took a break from her job at the Worker 's Defense League in 1963 to be in charge of March on Washington transportation -- despite the fact she could n't even drive . "  And I was totally horrified and frightened about this notion , " she said . "  And I said something that also in retrospect seems fairly silly . ` How can I be the transportation director ? I ca n't drive , ' which I could n't . I was a New Yorker . And also I had lost my bus on every previous march . " But with the encouragement of her mentor and future lifelong colleague , march organizer Bayard Rustin , Horowitz proceeded to organize all the buses , trains and planes for the more than 200,000 people who attended the march that day . In a time long before e-mail and Facebook , this was no easy task . Horowitz used a system of 5x3 index cards and massive lists attached to the office walls to keep track of all the various travel options . After her months of tedious work came to fruition with a well-attended and successful march , Horowitz reveled in the moment at the end of the day . "  All of us who had worked on the march , " continued Horowitz , "  were just incredibly happy and pleased with what had happened . And we all linked hands and sang ` We Shall Overcome . ' " Horowitz went on to be Rustin 's assistant and eventually served as the political director for the American Federation of Teachers .	Wednesday marks 50 years since the March on Washington CNN is showcasing firsthand accounts in "  We Were There : The March on Washington "
CNN  -- A security official in Yemen 's southern Lahj province say that religious militants have shot dead a man they had accused of being gay . Witnesses said that two gunmen on a motorbike killed Hashim Al-Asimi as he was heading home Monday . The witnesses , who knew the victim , told CNN that the militants had warned him to stop his homosexual activity at least twice previously and that he would be killed . Read more : Campaigners push for marriage equality worldwide "  Many extremists live in Lahj , and being gay is unacceptable to nearly everyone in the province , " said a Yemeni security official in the province who asked to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to talk to the media . "  This incident has the hallmarks of extremist groups , but al Qaeda has not announced responsibility for the attack , " the security official added . Not everyone knew Al-Asimi was gay , said the witnesses , who added that he was not in a relationship . The official said that residents in the area did not report the death to police . After a crowd gathered at the scene , security forces discovered the body about two hours after the shooting . Homosexuality is against the law in Yemen . The performance of homosexual acts , even between consenting adults , is punishable by death .	Gunmen killed Hashim Al-Asimi as he was heading home , witnesses say The witnesses said the militants had warned him to stop his homosexual activity Homosexuality is against the law in Yemen Performing homosexual acts , even between consenting adults , is punishable by death
Michael Douglas never had throat cancer , as he told the press in 2010 . The actor now says he had tongue cancer . Douglas said he hid the diagnosis at the urging of his doctor to protect his career . "  The surgeon said , ` Let 's just say it 's throat cancer , ' " Douglas told fellow actor Samuel L. Jackson for a segment that ran on British television as a part of Male Cancer Awareness Week . Douglas says that the doctor told him if they had to do surgery for tongue cancer , "  it 's not going to be pretty . You could lose part of your tongue and jaw . " When Douglas first talked about his cancer diagnosis in the summer of 2010 , he was on a worldwide publicity tour for the movie "  Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps . " Douglas and Jackson joked that could have been the end of his acting career . Douglas said if he had surgery he could see the director saying , "  What 's your good side ? I 've got no side over here . " The lesson from Michael Douglas "  There really is no such thing as throat cancer per se , " explained Brian Hill , an oral cancer survivor and the founder of the Oral Cancer Foundation . Douglas has taped a public service announcement to raise awareness about oral cancer for Hill 's foundation . "  Throat " cancer and tongue cancer are both colloquial terms that fall under the oral cancer umbrella . Throat cancer usually refers to cancerous tumors that develop in your pharynx , voice box or tonsils . Tongue cancer refers to cancerous cells that develop on your tongue . "  The treatment up until just recently can be very brutal , " Hill said of tongue cancer . "  Your career as a leading man could be over . If you have signed a contract to promote a movie , you would have a strong motivation not to say ... ` Maybe in six months I wo n't have a tongue or lower jaw . ' " Douglas apparently did not need the potentially disfiguring surgery . He told Jackson he was instead treated with an aggressive form of radiation and chemotherapy . The treatment , he said , lasted five months . Yes , oral sex can lead to cancer In June , Douglas kicked off an animated conversation about the cause of oral cancer when he told The Guardian that he got throat cancer after engaging in oral sex . Oral sex can expose individuals to the human papilloma virus , which can cause cancer . Later , Douglas ' publicist told CNN that Douglas did not blame HPV solely for his cancer ; Douglas said he was also a smoker and a drinker . Smoking and drinking , particularly when combined , are considered the most significant contributing factors to oral cancer , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . So is Douglas ' gender . Men are twice as likely to develop oral cancer as women . Oral cancers account for 2 % to 4 % of all cancer diagnoses in the United States . An oral cancer diagnosis is particularly serious ; only half of the people diagnosed with oral cancer are still alive after five years , according to the CDC . In large part , that 's because of the late diagnoses of this disease . Most signs of this cancer are difficult to detect and are often painless . Douglas told Jackson that initially his doctors treated him with antibiotics . Douglas had been complaining of a soreness at the back of his teeth . Three months later when it still hurt , the doctor gave him another round of antibiotics . Nine months later , after talking to a friend who was a cancer survivor , he went to the oncology department where a doctor did an initial exam and then a biopsy . He was diagnosed with stage four oral cancer in 2010 . Michael Douglas has overcome throat cancer , he says Douglas is not the first celebrity to misidentify the kind of cancer they have . Actress Valerie Harper , who first came to fame on the TV show "  Mary Tyler Moore , " announced her cancer on the cover of People magazine in March . The story said she had little time left to live and was suffering from terminal brain cancer . It turns out the "  Dancing With the Stars " celebrity actually had lung cancer that had spread to the lining of her brain . "  I see a lot of people with ` brain cancer ' who actually have ... lung cancer or breast cancer or some other cancer  that spread  to the brain , " Dr. Otis Brawley , the American Cancer Society 's chief medical and science officer , told CNN . "  We treat cancer according to its origin . " Harper 's kind of cancer , leptomeningeal carcinomatosis , can be slowed but the cells are adaptable and can develop a resistance to treatment . A complete remission is unlikely . Douglas , on the other hand , has had regular check-ups since the diagnosis . At his two-year mark , he told Jackson , his doctors said he was clear of the cancer . "  There is a 95 % chance it 's not coming back , " he told Jackson .	Actor Michael Douglas says he hid his tongue cancer at his doctor 's urging Treatment can come with disfiguring surgery to remove the tongue or part of the jaw The CDC estimates only half of those diagnosed with oral cancer survive
Cairo  CNN  -- Seven Coptic Egyptians living abroad were sentenced to death Wednesday by a court in Cairo for their connection to an inflammatory anti-Islam film , the prosecutor 's office said . The suspects are accused of being involved with the production of the film in California , said Adel Al Saeed , official spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . Since the Egyptian citizens were tried in absentia , the sentence would be applied only if they returned to Egypt . Protests against the "  Innocence of Muslims " film erupted in September in many Muslim countries , including Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Morocco , Sudan , Iran , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories . Watch : Why the film upset so many Muslims The amateurish film portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , buffoon , ruthless killer and child molester . Islam categorically forbids any depictions of Mohammed , and blasphemy is an incendiary taboo in the Muslim world . Backed by hardcore anti-Islam groups in the United States , the film sparked outrage after an Arabic translation of the film 's trailer was released online a few weeks before the anniversary of September 11 . Opinion : We still need answers on Benghazi In Cairo , some protesters scaled the wall of the U.S. Embassy and tore down its American flag , replacing it with a black flag adorned with an emblem used by Islamic radicals . Police and army personnel had to be deployed to prevent demonstrators from advancing on the compound . Actress sues filmmaker , YouTube in federal court The film was also initially implicated in a violent demonstration in Libya that left the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans dead on September 11 . Earlier this month , the Egyptian-American man behind the film was sentenced in California to one year in federal prison after admitting to violating the terms of his probation from a 2010 bank fraud case . The amateur filmmaker , Mark Basseley Youssef , also was ordered to serve four years of supervised release after his prison term . He was identified in initial news accounts in September as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , the name used in the bank fraud case . Egyptian-American behind anti-Islam film denies violating probation CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : 7 Coptic Egyptians are sentenced to death over involvement in an anti-Islam film The suspects , accused of being involved with the film 's production , are living abroad Protests broke out in several Muslim countries in September against the amateurish film The man behind it was jailed earlier this month in California in a separate case
CNN  -- England international footballer Steven Gerrard was found not guilty of affray by a court in his home city on Friday . England international Steven Gerrard was cleared by a court in Liverpool of affray . The jury at Liverpool Crown Court took a little over an hour to clear Gerrard of charges relating to a fracas in a nightclub bar in the north-western of England city on December 29 of last year . They accepted the Liverpool captain 's version that he acted in self defense in punching businessman Marcus McGhee . The 29-year-old was the only one of the seven defendants in the case to be cleared after an incident which was described by judge Henry Globe as an "  explosion of violence . " Gerrard spoke of his relief outside the court . "  Can I just say how pleased I am with today 's verdict , " he said . "  I 'm glad to put this case behind me and I am really looking forward to the season ahead and concentrating on my football now . "  I would just like to say a big thank you to my legal team and to my friends and family and everyone at Liverpool football club for supporting me . " His comments were met with a round of applause from a large group of fans of the Premier League club who had gathered outside the court , before he was ushered away . Gerrard was celebrating in the Lounge Inn in Southport , a suburb of Liverpool , after scoring twice his team 's 5-1 win at Newcastle which took them to the top of the Premier League . Video footage , which was available to the court , showed the moment around 2 . am in the morning when trouble flared . Gerrard apparently wanted to change the music on the CD player and the 34-year-old McGee said the football star had acted aggressively in trying to grab the device . In the fracas which followed , Gerrard admitted throwing three punches but said only one connected . He claimed , and his version was accepted by the jury , that he believed he was about to be attacked himself . "  You did not start the violence , it was started by the violent elbowing of Marcus McGee in the face by one of your friends , John Doran , " Globe said . "  The victim 's consequential actions of reeling backwards and then forwards and your actions in response to that movement forward has to be seen against that background , " he added . Five other men have already pleaded guilty to affray and another admitted a lesser charge of threatening behavior . They will be sentenced at a later date .	England football star Steven Gerrard cleared of affray charge by Liverpool court Gerrard admitted punching 34-year-old businessman Marcus McGhee Jury accepted his version that he acted in self defense in nightclub brawl
CNN  -- The World Cup 's focus on attacking football has won global praise but a cloud scurried across the tournament Tuesday as match fixing claims surrounding Cameroon 's participation in the event emerged . The Cameroon Football Association  Fecafoot  has confirmed it 's investigating allegations made in the German media that seven of its players were involved in match fixing during the group stages of the World Cup finals in Brazil . While previous investigations centered on trying to fix international friendlies or low-profile qualifiers , this is the first time since 1982 that World Cup group stage games have come under scrutiny . The "  Indomitable Lions " were drawn in the same pool as Croatia , Mexico and host nation Brazil , losing all three games . A convicted match fixer spoke to German magazine Der Spiegel correctly predicting one of the results of the African nation . "  We wish to inform the general public that , though not yet contacted by FIFA in regards to this affair , our administration has already instructed its Ethics Committee , to further investigate these accusations , " said a Fecafoot statement . Wilson Raj Perumal , who was detained by police in Finland earlier this year on an international arrest warrant , told Der Spiegel that Cameroon would lose to Croatia while also having a player sent off . CNN has not been able to independently verify the Der Spiegel report . Midfielder Alex Song was red carded during the game for lashing out at Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic , while goals from Ivica Olic , Ivan Perisic and a brace from Mandzukic without reply secured a 4-0 victory . The match also saw Cameroon players Benoit Assou-Ekotto and Benjamin Moukandjo aggressively confront each other , with television pictures appearing to show Assou-Ekotto attempting to head-butt Moukandjo . CNN contacted Song 's agent although he was not immediately available for comment . The Fecafoot statement continued : "  Recent allegations of fraud around Cameroon 2014 FIFA World Cup three preliminary games , especially Cameroon vs. Croatia , as well of the ` existence of seven bad apples  in our national team  ' do not reflect the values and principles promoted by our administration , in line with FIFA Code of Conduct and the ethics of our nation . " In the Der Spiegel interview , Perumal , who CNN is trying to contact , used the expression "  seven bad apples . " A FIFA spokesperson told reporters Tuesday that they could not comment on whether an investigation was underway on the manipulation of games . Fecafoot meanwhile added in its statement that "  in 55 years of existence , it has never been sanctioned for , involved in , or even linked to match fixing or any fraud of any kind . " The investigation marks an uncomfortable end to Cameroon 's disastrous World Cup campaign . Players initially refused to board the plane to Brazil until a dispute with Fecafoot over bonus payments was resolved . Although an agreement was eventually reached , the team 's departure was delayed by a day . An opening game 1-0 loss to Mexico was followed up by the 4-0 thrashing by Croatia . Hosts Brazil then completed the misery by defeating the four-time African Cup of Nations champion 4-1 . In the aftermath of the Croatia defeat , coach Volker Finke described the behavior of some of his players as "  unacceptable . " "  Some players behaved very badly , and that 's why we have conceded four goals , " Finke said to L'Equipe . "  I know that it is difficult to play with 10 men , but that is not a reason to lose it to this point . "  The game was balanced until the red card . The Croatians were more clinical in front of goal , but Cameroon also had chances to score . "  The behavior of some of the players is really not satisfactory . Even when we were 11-a-side , it was not acceptable . " In 1982 , Algeria , despite having beaten then West Germany , went out after a seemingly contrived 1-0 win over Austria .	Cameroon to investigate allegations of match fixing by its players at the World Cup Convicted match fixer correctly predicts African nation 's result to German magazine Der Spiegel Match fixer Wilson Rag Perumal talks of "  seven bad apples " in Cameroon team Cameroon lost all three of its World Cup group games in Brazil
CNN  -- As millions of students across the world go back to school this month , 178 students from 49 countries will turn on their computers and step onto the virtual campus of the world 's first global , tuition-free online university . Lessons in learning : University of the People is hoping to use the power of social networks to expand education . Called University of the People , the non-profit , California-based endeavor comes from Israeli entrepreneur Shai Reshef who says he founded the school to provide higher education to those who might otherwise never have access to it . "  Our mission is to change people 's lives , " said Reshef , who also is the chairman of Cramster.com , an online study community for college students . Starting in 1989 , Reshef served as the head of Kidum Group , an educational services company based in Israel , which he sold to Kaplan , one of the world 's largest test preparation companies , in 2005 . He also chaired an online university affiliated with the University of Liverpool . "  We want to be an option for people who do n't have any other option , " he said . There has been no shortage of interest . Since the school started enrolling students in April , nearly 2,000 people from 142 countries have applied . Reshef says the online institution will need 15,000 students over the next four years in order to be sustainable and will need $ 6 million to fund the venture , of which $ 1 million he will provide . To attend , students must have a high school diploma , speak English and pay admission fees ranging from $ 15 to $ 50 , with those from poorer countries paying less and those from richer countries paying more . Students will also have to pay to take exams . In all , it will cost around $ 4,000 for students to complete their studies and gain a qualification . The school initially will offer bachelor 's degrees in business administration and computer science . Curriculum consists of around 40 courses , which will take between four and six years to complete . This year 's freshman class includes pupils ages 16 to 61 . Indonesia has the highest number of students enrolled , followed by the United States , Brazil and Nigeria . Now that University of the People has proven it can recruit students , the next challenge it faces is whether it can keep them enrolled . "  That is a concern , " said Reshef . "  One of the main issues with online universities is retention . " While e-learning has been booming in recent years -- in 2007 , nearly 4 million students in the U.S. took at least one course online , according to the Sloan Consortium , a nonprofit dedicated to integrating online learning into higher education -- a challenge educators often face is how to keep students engaged in virtual classrooms . Make it social To try to solve this problem , the University of the People is turning to an activity that already keeps millions of people occupied on the Internet everyday : social networking . The University of the People 's staff of volunteer and retired professors will post readings and lectures in an online repository for students to retrieve and study . Materials come for free from other universities via platforms such as the Open Courseware Consortium , which provides open access to the syllabi , lecture notes , exams and reading lists from 1,800 classes offered at MIT . The university will also use course material from Yale University , said Reshef . "  Basically what we do is we take everything that is out there and bring it together , " he said . After the students complete their homework , it is mandatory for them to link up with classmates online to discuss the week 's curriculum . Unless a student needs special help , teachers will supervise discussions rather than lead them , said Reshef . "  We believe the social networking we build around our programs will serve as a cement to keep students with each other and stay in our program , " said Reshef . "  We are fitting the current culture into the academic culture . " However , online education experts are raising questions , particularly surrounding whether University of the People can become accredited . To achieve accreditation , a college must prove it can meet a number of quality assurances set forth by an accrediting body , including breadth and depth of coursework and student test results . Reshef said the university would apply for accreditation with an agency in the U.S. but declined to disclose further plans . "  We are not making any promises , " he told CNN . John Bourne , executive director of the Sloan Consortium , believes the University of the People may face problems . "  Can you accredit something where students are learning themselves from materials ? Maybe , " he told CNN . "  Testing outcomes capability -- what students can do or how well students test -- may be a way the University of the People can succeed in its model . "  If that works , then that would be evidence accreditation might be warranted . I still think it will be hard . " New ways to learn However , there is evidence that could work in favor of the University of the People 's cause . A recent study conducted by the U.S. Department of Education found that "  on average , students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face-to-face instruction . " "  The current methodology is based on the lecture , and that is a thousand-year-old model that is completely inappropriate with the new generation , " Don Tapscott , author of "  Grown Up Digital : How the Net Generation is Changing Your World " , told CNN . "  If it is shown that there are better models of learning than the current model , then the credentialing function of the old model will be weakened , " said Tapscott . "  The Internet is a new mode of production . It was inevitable that peers would come together and create an online university . " Other organizations are also experimenting with Web 2.0 platforms , like social networking sites and blogs , to tap into the ways in which younger generations are wired to the web . In January , Nature Education , launched Scitable , a social network platform around an online encyclopedia of freely-published scientific articles . Like Facebook , Scitable users create personal profiles . Unlike Facebook , members share information about genetic research instead of exchanging vacation pictures . Nature Education started the venture in an attempt to reignite student interest in science , said Vikram Savkar , publishing director of Nature Education , who noted that 40 percent of students in the U.S. who start college studying science end up switching majors by the time they graduate . "  One of the things we recognized is the materials being provided are not adequate for younger generations who are growing up in a world where information is dynamic , shareable and bite-sized , " said Savkar . "  We are creating a global classroom for science and allowing people to freely collaborate . We want to put high quality teaching and learning materials into the hands of anybody and everybody who wants to become a scientist , " he added . "  Sharing data and sharing ideas and coming up with joint conclusions is at the heart of how science works . It is about leveraging each other 's knowledge and abilities . "	University of the People launches to provide tuition-free online degrees New venture uses social networks as key to learning Difficulties of accreditation face University of the People E-learning has been booming and peer-to-peer study formats growing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On the same day that it announced record suicides among its soldiers , the U.S. Army said Thursday that it will soon conduct service-wide training to help identify soldiers at risk of suicide . The program will teach soldiers how to recognize behaviors that may lead to suicide , and how to intervene . The program , which will run February 15 through March 15 , will include training to recognize behaviors that may lead to suicide and instruction on how to intervene . The Army will follow the training with another teaching program , from March 15 to June 15 , focused on suicide prevention at all unit levels . Earlier Thursday , the Army reported the highest one-year level of suicides among its soldiers since it began tracking the rate 28 years ago . The Army said that 128 soldiers were confirmed to have committed suicide in 2008 , and an additional 15 were suspected to have committed suicide that year in cases under investigation among active-duty soldiers and activated National Guard and reserves . The Army 's confirmed rate of suicides in 2008 was 20.2 per 100,000 soldiers . The nation 's suicide rate was 19.5 per 100,000 people in 2005 , a figure considered the most recent , Army officials said last month . In 2007 , the Army reported 115 confirmed suicides , which was then the highest level since 1980 , when it began tracking suicides . Suicides for Marines were also up in 2008 . There were 41 in 2008 , up from 33 in 2007 and 25 in 2006 , according to a Marines report . In addition to the training the Army announced Thursday , the service has a program called Battlemind , intended to prepare soldiers and their families to cope with the stresses of war before , during and after deployment . It also is intended to help detect mental-health issues before and after deployments . The Army and the National Institute of Mental Health signed an agreement in October to conduct research to identify factors affecting the mental and behavioral health of soldiers and to share strategies to lower the suicide rate . The five-year study will examine active-duty , National Guard and reserve soldiers and their families .	Service-wide training to help soldiers identify those at risk of suicide 2008 was record year for U.S. Army suicides , service reports Army : 128 soldiers confirmed to have committed suicide in 2008
CNN  -- At least 200 people were evacuated from their homes , including 84 residents of an apartment building for the elderly , after a tanker truck carrying 9,000 gallons of gasoline erupted early Wednesday in a northern Boston suburb . Firefighters battle a blaze Wednesday north of Boston after a tanker overturned carrying 9,000 gallons of gas . No serious injuries were reported in the Everett , Massachusetts , blast , but witnesses recounted close calls to a local television station . One man said he narrowly escaped from his car before it exploded . "  In consideration of everything that firefighters had to deal with , I think it 's a miracle that we have n't seen some serious injuries , " Everett Fire Chief David Butler said . The tanker overturned and caught fire at a traffic circle in the town of about 37,000 outside Boston . Officials are investigating whether the driver was speeding , Butler said . "  Our major concerns right now are we still have an ongoing fire operation in the family dwellings , and we are still heavily engaged in those operations , and we have some concerns environmentally , " Butler said . Watch residents of an elderly housing complex describe their shock " Flames from the truck engulfed at least 40 cars and three buildings , two of them houses , fire officials said . The truck was destroyed , but the driver was not seriously injured , the officials said . WCVB-TV in Boston identified the driver as Chad LaFrance of Dover , New Hampshire . Seven hours after the truck caught fire , firefighters were still battling a blaze in one of the homes , according to the television station . Evacuees were taken to an armory converted into a shelter , Red Cross official Amelia Aubourg told CNN . Local streets were closed temporarily , and a nearby school was shut down for the day , WCVB reported . One evacuee who fled a high-rise building told the television station he saw at least 15 cars burning . "  And popping , they were popping . I do n't know if it was tires that were blowing , but they were completely gone , the cars , " Dan Savage told WCVB . Nearby resident Chris Barrow awoke to the sound of a "  big bang , " he told WCVB . At first , he thought it was a car accident , but when he went outside to investigate the noise , he saw fire "  just coming down the hill toward the houses as fast as you could think . " Barrow tried to escape in his car , but fire quickly surrounded the vehicle , he told the TV station . "  I rode over the fire and my car caught fire , " he told WCVB . "  I got out just in time , and I ran a couple feet just before it blew up . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Michelle Cumbo and Saundra Booker contributed to this report .	Fire chief : "  I think it 's a miracle that we have n't seen some serious injuries " Officials are investigating whether truck 's speed a factor in the accident , chief says Evacuees taken to an armory converted into a shelter , Red Cross says Man tells WCVB-TV his car caught fire , exploded as he fled ; "  I got out just in time "
CNN  -- On Tuesday , the state of Michigan , the birthplace of the UAW and the nation 's organized labor movement , became the country 's 24th right-to-work state . Michigan joins Indiana , which passed right-to-work legislation in February , to become the second right-to-work state in the heavily unionized Midwest . The legislation marks a monumental shift away from union power to "  open shop " free labor . Right-to-work laws prohibit workers from being forced to contribute mandatory dues to labor unions in order to gain employment , regardless of whether or not they are members of a union , and prohibit employers from firing workers if they do n't join a union . With workers no longer obligated to pay union dues , union membership , revenue , and strength decline . Predictably , there was no shortage of outrage from union workers this week as they stormed the capital building in Lansing to protest . Teachers walked out of schools and Democratic state senators even walked out on the final vote to approve the initial bills . Union workers and their Democratic allies realize that the transition from a "  closed shop " state to a right-to-work state is the second in near fatal blows to Michigan 's entrenched union interests . The first blow came this past November when unions spent tens of millions of dollars in Michigan pushing Proposal 2 , a ballot initiative that would have written collective bargaining into the state constitution and in essence outlawed a right-to-work law and limits on union power . Michigan voters defeated the proposal 58 % to 42 % . Proposal 2 was defeated because the unions had overreached their hand . Decades ago , unions were important to workers because America 's emerging labor markets were less predictable and less safe . But much of the American public now realizes that labor unions are no longer needed in the way they once were , and they do n't need to be enshrined in state constitutions . What 's the ` right-to-work ' battle all about ? What 's more , many unions have deviated from their original purpose and warped into powerful special interests rather than true representatives of workers ' rights . There is a growing public consensus , seen most recently in Wisconsin , Indiana and now Michigan , that non-right-to-work states can stifle private labor competition and give too much power , politically and financially , to the unions . What right-to-work states have found is that , if given the choice , some , or even many , workers will chose not to join the union . In other words , many workers themselves no longer see the need for mandatory dues and labor union representation . On Monday , President Obama pushed back and blasted right-to-work laws during a visit to Michigan . He said , "  These so called right to work laws , they do n't have to do with economics -- they have everything to do with politics . What they 're really doing is trying to talk about the right to work for less money . " Video : ` Unions are the problem ' Despite the protests by the labor unions and their Democratic allies , it should be noted that Michigan 's legislation does not end collective bargaining nor does it increase pension contributions or health care benefit payments from union workers . And contrary to President Obama 's thinking , right-to-work laws are directly related to economics . Right-to-work laws give employers the freedom to hire non-union workers and negotiate contracts with more than one party . For this reason , right-to-work states are more attractive to private business than non-right-to-work , and could increase private-sector wages . For example , on CNBC 's annual list of the best states for business , nine of the top 10 states are right-to-work states . It 's no coincidence that foreign automobile manufacturers often build new plants in right-to-work states like Tennessee and Alabama , rather than Detroit -- the "  Motor City . " Analysis : Why America 's unions are losing power Perhaps Michigan 's new right-to-work status will unlock employers from burdensome union contracts and attract new private enterprise to Detroit , which is predicted to go bankrupt by the end of this year . After all , Gov. Scott Walker 's union reforms in neighboring Wisconsin helped eliminate the state 's budget shortfall . Twenty , 10 , or even five years ago , few people would have predicted that Michigan would become a right-to-work state . Adding Michigan to the expanding list of right-to-work states only hastens to a close the days of labor union monopolies over state governement and businesses . Could California , New York , or Illinois be next ? The question does n't seem so farfetched now . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	On Tuesday , Michigan became the country 's 24th right-to-work state William Bennett : Powerful unions can stifle private labor competition He says with workers no longer obligated to pay dues , union strength declines Bennett : Michigan 's new status might attract new private enterprise to Detroit
GameTap.com  -- Everyone wants to be more physically fit , but the toughest thing is finding motivation -- the motivation to get started , the motivation to keep going , the motivation to push yourself to the next level . A man tries out the Wii Fit at a Nintendo launch party in Central Park , New York City . Wii Fit does n't try to motivate you with before and after photos . It does n't try to motivate you with testimonials from fitness gurus . It does n't even offer you three easy payments . But it does entice you to get into shape by making working out look like fun . And that it does very well . In fact , Wii Fit might be some of the most fun you can have by just more or less standing still , which must make it about as mass market friendly as any video game product ever was . Wii Fit requires a Wii , of course , and it comes bundled with a balance board . But the entire setup does n't take up much space , and the board is no eyesore , either . Unlike a bathroom scale that 's usually squirreled away in a closet or shoved into the corner of a bathroom , looking at it does n't make you feel guilty . Designed to fit in with Japanese living rooms , where space is usually at a premium , the balance board is sleek and elegantly designed . iReport.com : Send us your Wii Fit review It conveys cool Asian style with a streamlined appearance . It 's something you would n't mind having in your living room at all . One thing about Nintendo : They know how to make hardware that 's rugged but easy on the eyes . Getting started with Wii Fit is a snap , but you might have to get some bad news out of the way first . The balance board connects to the Wii through a Wi-Fi connection . You stand on it and use the Wii remote to record your height and age . The balance board then registers your weight . From those figures , Wii Fit calculates your body mass index  BMI  , a standard metric many doctors use to determine a person 's overall fitness , which you can track over time . Oddly , however , there 's no easy way to just use the scale to see your weight without recalculating your BMI each time . The Wii Fit-ness program is organized into 48 activities divided among four general areas : yoga , aerobics , strength training , and balance games . You can choose to work through all four in one session or just concentrate on one . If you 've never tried yoga before , working through the 15 positions here are as good an introduction as any . All of them are done with at least one foot on the balance board , so Wii Fit can measure how centered you keep your body . Yoga is a great way to stretch muscles and joints out and to work on overall flexibility . As meditative as this physical activity would seem , you 'll feel the burn even before you reach any of the advanced forms . Once you 're loosened up a little with yoga , you might move on to aerobics . The majority of these nine activities are basically variations of hula hooping , jogging in place , and simple step aerobics . The one exception is rhythm boxing , which you unlock later on . By turning these aerobic challenges all into minigames , Wii Fit entices you to keep working on them to earn better scores and ratings . With the hula hoop , for example , you have to stand on the board and grind your hips to keep a virtual hoop twirling . Later , you have to "  catch " tossed hoops , and then keep them all twirling , too . Wii Fit sets a mellow , steady pace for all its aerobic challenges , but it still manages to make your heart pump . If just the words "  push " and "  ups " makes you break out in a sweat , then you 've probably already surmised that strength training contains some of the most physically demanding Wii Fit workouts . The torso twist and rowing squat are easy , but push-ups , planks , and even the lunges will show you what you 're made of . The push-ups in particular make you work extra hard . You do push-ups with your two hands on the board , but because it 's 17 1/2 inches wide , people over six feet tall or with broad shoulders might find themselves with their hands positioned inside their shoulder width . While it 's certainly a worthwhile goal to build up to , it 's difficult to snap off a set of push-ups from that position . The balance games require you to just apply pressure to the board through your feet . Skiing slaloms and ski jumping are fairly straightforward , but you can also walk a tightrope or try to float down a river inside a giant bubble . All of these are simple and fun , and they really do make you aware of how well you maintain good posture and keep your balance . However , they are also short and very limited in the variety of levels and layouts . Could you do all these exercises and balance activities right now without Wii Fit ? Sure you could . But would you ? That 's where the Wii Fit balance board comes in . Just like the Wii itself , it just looks like something you 'd like to try out . But once you take that first step onto it , you might find yourself on the way to becoming more fit . READ about video games . WATCH video game news . PLAY complete , original console , arcade and PC games - FREE ! Visit GameTap.com . Copyright : TM & © 2007 Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . A Time Warner Company , or its licensors . Patent pending . All Rights Reserved . GameTap is part of the TURNER YOUNG ADULT NETWORK .	Entire ` Wii Fit ' setup does n't take up much space , and the board is no eyesore Wii Fit calculates your body mass index  BMI  , a metric many doctors use Program organized into 48 activities divided among four general areas People over 6 feet tall or with broad shoulders may find some activities difficult
CNN  -- If Amy Joanne Lawson followed all of the advice she got about online dating , her username would be "  ShoeDonut . " Lawson , a 42-year-old administrative assistant , checked out a library book about online dating before creating her profile . The first step to creating the perfect profile is choosing a user name that reflects your personality , the book said . It suggested she combine two of her favorite things or activities . "  Shoes and doughnuts , " Lawson said . "  Those are two things I feel passionate about . " But she did n't think "  ShoeDonut " would strike the right chord . So she chose "  SewBeachy . " "  Then I realized it sounded like , "  So B **** y. " So began Lawson 's adventures in online dating where selecting a user name is only the beginning of an often unpredictable journey . Online dating and a formula for love The online dating industry claims it 's working . One in six recently married couples met on an online dating site , according to a study commissioned by Match.com in 2009 . That year , more than twice as many marriages occurred between people who met on an online dating site than between people who met in bars , clubs and other social events , the study reported . But of course , all matches do n't lead to the altar . After the world learned that Notre Dame linebacker Manti T'eo 's online girlfriend never existed , CNN invited readers to share their own online dating ups and downs . While none were quite as dramatic as the T'eo scandal , readers agreed : When looking for love in cyberspace , prepare for an adventure . Lawson began online dating at the end of 2011 when she realized she was n't meeting anyone her own age in Gainesville , Florida . The lost art of offline dating "  When you 're 43 , it 's tough , " she said . "  I had no idea where to meet anyone my own age in a college town . " So she turned to the Internet . She was serious about potentially finding a match , but she was willing to give most people a chance ... and have a sense of humor about it . "  I probably think about ` Star Wars ' more than anyone should , " Lawson wrote in her OKCupid profile . Lawson remembers one date with a news director  or so she thought  with vivid detail . After talking to the man for a few weeks via text and e-mail , she decided to meet him at a sports bar . Even though they ordered the same kind of beer , Lawson did not think they were a match made in heaven . "  So the waitress brings our beers , and he reached around and he said , ` Oh I forgot my wallet , ' " she said . "  Thank God I had money in my account at that point . " Online dating : Messages you should n't send When they walked out to the parking lot at the end of the date , he told her he did n't have a car . As Lawson drove him home , he also admitted he was unemployed . "  I 'm really not materialistic , but I just did n't think it would work out , " she said . Lawson said her favorite part of the date was when she texted him later to tell him she did n't think it would work out between them . The text he sent her back read : "  To think I gave you points for not wearing flip flops . " Shannan White met her ex-husband on a computer bulletin board in the 1990s when she still used a dial-up modem . In 2007 , White ended up online again without any romantic intentions . How technology has changed romance She started playing the Lord of the Rings online game using an audio-only option on Skype . White got close to one of the players whom she had never met . He was her shoulder to cry on as she was going through a divorce . "  Finally just one day on Skype , everybody else had kind of hung up and I said you know , I think I love you , " she said . White and her husband , James , got married in 2011 , and she attributes her success to the fact that they told each other the truth . "  We got to know the real us , because we never lied , " White wrote in her iReport . "  I woke up and realized I was in love with a man that I knew better than anyone , yet never laid eyes on . " Though her experience had a happy ending , she 's heard plenty of stories that did not work out well . White advised to be protective with personal information because it 's easy to lie online . "  I 've had tons of friends that have fallen for scams or had quote unquote ` buddies ' who died and magically came back from the dead , " White said . "  It happens way more often than you realize . It 's kind of ridiculous -- after 20 years , when I hear somebody -LSB- online -RSB- say , ' I have cancer ' or whatever , my first instinct is ` Hmm , wonder if that 's true . ' If you fall for it , it 's because you want fall for it . " Â Â Within 24 hours of registering on Match.com in 2010 , Barbara Hassan had three matches "  who by all accounts were intelligent , good looking and well off . " Too good to be true , she thought . And she was right . Opinion : What we do n't know about love and loneliness One of her matches said he was "  an architect/construction manager who built and designed a building in Nigeria for orphans , " Hassan , a 48-year-old divorcee in Texas , wrote in her iReport . They corresponded online for a few months , until the man asked Hassan to pay for his ticket to the United States . The total would only come out to $ 2,700 . When she saw the e-mail asking for money , she had a good laugh . Hassan had become suspicious long before he asked for money . When she asked the man , who claimed he was an engineer , a physics question , he got it wrong . "  He thought he had me hooked but little did he know , " she said . "  After I realized he was a scammer , I decided a little taste of his own medicine was due . So I let him get to the ` ask for money ' part and then I shut the door on him . " But just when Hassan thought she was done with online dating , she met her husband in 2011 . "  He looked at my profile , and I sent him a smiley face , " she said . "  Three days later , we had lunch . " They bonded over their online dating scammer stories and got married 14 months later . Even though Hassan was the victim of a scam , she said she was "  extremely blessed " to have found her husband online . "  For some reason I kept that one profile up and now I have a wonderful man in my life , " she said . Psychologists highlight pitfalls of online dating Whether people are looking to find their soul mate or just to have some fun , Lawson said it helps to go into online dating with a sense of humor . "  In online dating and in life , it 's nice to have thick skin , let things roll of your back and move on , " she said . "  You have to be patient . You wo n't put your profile up and be struck by lightning with the perfect person for you . " Do you have online dating horror stories ? Share them in the comments below .	CNN readers shared their ups and downs of online dating They agree : Expect the unexpected when you 're involved with online dating Some of these matches might lead to the altar Be ready for curve balls -- "  I forgot my wallet , " one date said
ST. LOUIS , Missouri  CNN  -- Michael and Steven Roberts did n't have two quarters to rub together a couple of decades ago . Now , the two African-American business leaders estimate their holdings -- from hotels to TV stations -- are worth $ 1 billion . One St. Louis hotel they own once barred black people . Steven Roberts , left , and his brother , Michael , own a St. Louis theater that once segregated African-Americans . "  Black folks need legacy . We have to have examples of successes in order for us to be able to let the generations to come know that many of the successes that occurred by African-Americans in this country can be seen and pointed out and can be emulated , " says Michael Roberts , the chairman and CEO of The Roberts Companies . Michael and his brother Steven , who is three years younger , stroll through their office , complete with wood-paneled doors , large leather chairs and a pool table fit for a king . Their office sits along a busy street in St. Louis called Kingshighway . "  They used to call us the Kings of Kingshighway , because we own so much on this street , " Michael Roberts says . Their office is the culmination of hard work and a can-do American business attitude to strive for greatness . They launched their business from a historically black neighborhood in north St. Louis . Roberts brothers share secrets of their success " From a one-room office , they created an empire now made up of 76 companies and 1,100 employees , many of them minorities . They own commercial real estate , TV stations , hotels , telecommunication companies and more . The name Roberts adorns all their properties . "  We were n't rich . We were n't poor , but we just never had any money , " Michael says of their upbringing . They like to tell their story , encouraging people with new ideas to chase their dreams . If you do n't have money , they say , do n't let that stop you . "  We tell folks , learn it , get your hands dirty -- you know , a little sweat equity , " says Steven Roberts , the president of The Roberts Companies . "  For that college student , for that future entrepreneur ... we 're saying understand what your passion is , and understand what your product is , too . " Michael Roberts chuckles . He notes that his younger brother has always been good at "  putting the meat on the bone . " He says he likes to tell youths and college students : "  What would your life be like if you could eliminate the fear of failure , and where would you be at this point in life ? " There will be times , he says , when you will stumble , but do n't let those hiccups get you down . "  If you eliminate the fear of failure and if you use every moment to its fullest extent -- a very existential concept -- then you are able to take your ideas , your dreams , your aspirations , and you can pursue them with courage and confidence and bravado . " What are the challenges for black entrepreneurs , businesses ? The brothers operate on a simple business philosophy : You diversify or die . And they do n't believe in a full retirement . "  What other animal retires ? " Michael Roberts says . "  If a lion retires today , tomorrow morning he becomes his brother 's breakfast . " They point to their father as exhibit A . At 86 , he still comes to the office that his sons named after him , the Victor Roberts Building , a large complex complete with restaurants and retail stores . He worked 39 years in the Postal Service before retiring in the 1980s . He now keeps a keen eye on his now grown boys . He refuses a paycheck . "  I suggest anyone who has a father , " Michael says with a laugh , "  please hire them , because you can get them for free . " The two brothers also have served in public office , elected to the St. Louis Board of Alderman in the late 1970s . They recently walked through The Roberts Orpheum Theatre in downtown St. Louis . It symbolizes their quest for a legacy . Decades ago , their mother and other black people were only allowed to sit in the highest balcony . Now , the brothers own the theater . They stood on the stage and scanned the empty seats . Again , they laughed . "  Mom can sit wherever she likes , " Michael Roberts said .	Michael and Steven Roberts , both African-Americans , built a $ 1 billion empire Steven Roberts to youngsters : "  Understand what your passion is " Lack of money should n't stop you from pursuing your dreams , they say They do n't believe in full retirement : "  What other animal retires ? "
CNN  -- A leading figure in French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's party , the UMP , has dismissed any suggestion that ex-International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn was set up when he was arrested on charges of sexual assault in New York in May . "  To imagine that what would have happened to Mr. Strauss-Kahn would be the object of some sort of complicity from the UMP , it seems too hard to believe , " said Jean-Francois Cope , secretary-general of the UMP party . Charges against Strauss-Kahn were dropped in August after questions were raised over the credibility of his accuser , hotel maid Nafissatou Diallo . However , the scandal ended both his career at the IMF and any hope of the leading Socialist politician challenging Sarkozy in next year 's presidential election . Now an article in the New York Review of Books says Strauss-Kahn suspected a cellphone that disappeared just before his arrest had earlier been hacked . It also describes CCTV footage showing employees of the Sofitel hotel appearing to celebrate after the maid reported the alleged attack . A female friend of Strauss-Kahn allegedly warned him that an email he had sent had been read at UMP offices in Paris . If this was the case it meant , according to the New York Review of Books , "  he had reason to suspect he might be under electronic surveillance in New York . He had already been warned by a friend in the French diplomatic corps that an effort would be made to embarrass him with a scandal . The warning that his BlackBerry might have been hacked was therefore all the more alarming . " The author of the New York Review of Books story , Edward Epstein , told Agence-France Presse : "  I did n't say it was a political conspiracy but I would say that people wanted to find evidence of an indiscretion of his that could derail either his  French presidential  candidacy or even  his work at  the IMF . " One of Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers , William Taylor , also told the news agency his client was possibly "  the target of a deliberate effort to destroy him as a political force . " However , Taylor did not say exactly who might be to blame . In France , right-wing politicians described the entire story as pure fantasy . "  For me , if there are facts , if there is clear evidence , of course , it goes without saying that conclusions will have to be drawn , " said the UMP 's Cope . "  As long as they are only rumors , gossip , allegations on the basis of anonymous testimony , which we know absolutely nothing about , you can understand that we remain a little more reserved and certainly not fooled . " In a television interview following his return to Paris , Strauss-Kahn confessed to a "  moral weakness " and an "  inappropriate relationship " with Diallo , but denied any violence or aggression . Strauss-Kahn still faces a civil suit from Diallo in New York , but he has asked a judge to dismiss the lawsuit , arguing his job gave him immunity from civil cases . The New York hotel where the alleged incident was reported also dismissed the story as "  inaccurate and speculative . " The Sofitel hotel chain released a statement saying : "  The article states that two Sofitel employees were seen ` celebrating ' on tape for three minutes . In fact , the incident in question lasted only eight seconds and both employees categorically deny this exchange had anything to do with Mr. Strauss-Kahn . "  Sofitel Luxury Hotels has cooperated with law enforcement authorities for the entirety of this case as was its civic and legal obligation . As the civil trial remains pending in the U.S. , it would not be appropriate to comment on the facts of the case . "	French president party denies claim Dominique Strauss-Kahn was set up Ex-IMF chief arrested on charges of sexual assault in New York ; charges dropped Scandal ended his career at IMF and political ambitions in France DSK 's lawyer says his client possibly "  target of a deliberate effort to destroy him "
Washington  CNN  -- A former State Department employee and his wife , accused of illegally aiding the government of Cuba for nearly 30 years , pleaded guilty Friday to federal charges . Walter Kendall Myers , 72 , pleaded guilty to a charge of conspiracy to commit espionage and two counts of wire fraud . He agreed to forfeit $ 1.7 million related to the two counts of wire fraud and to serve a life prison sentence . His wife , Gwendolyn Steingraber Myers , 71 , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to gather and transmit national defense information . She agreed to serve a sentence of between 6 and 7 1/2 years in prison . The couple , who appeared in U.S. District Court on Friday , were captured June 4 after an FBI agent posing as a Cuban intelligence officer managed to coax them into offering information on U.S. government personnel , authorities said . In a diary quoted in the federal affidavit released in June , Myers expressed his opinions on the flaws of the United States and the appeal of Cuba . "  The abuses of our system , the lack of decent medical system , the oil companies and their undisguised indifference to public needs , the complacency about the poor , the utter inability of those who are oppressed to recognize their own condition ... , " he wrote of the United States . "  Have the Cubans given up their personal freedom to get material security ? Nothing I have seen yet suggests that , " he wrote . "  I can see nothing of value that has been lost by the revolution . The revolution has released enormous potential and liberated the Cuban spirit . " The indictment said Kendall Myers , known to Cuban intelligence as Agent 202 , and Gwendolyn Myers , known as Agent 123 and Agent E-634 , engaged in activities "  which spanned nearly three decades . " Conviction on the wire fraud charge would carry a sentence of up to 20 years , illegally acting as an agent of a foreign government would carry a sentence of up to 10 years , and the conspiracy charge would carry a sentence of up to five years . A Justice Department official previously told CNN that counterespionage agents had gathered information on the couple and set up an April 15 meeting at which an FBI undercover agent convinced the couple he had been contacted by Cuban intelligence and was to ascertain the scope of their activities . They fell for the ruse , the department said . According to court documents , the couple disclosed they had received coded messages via short-wave radio , had met with Cuban agents in Mexico and had been carefully watching for any sign of U.S. surveillance . An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers first traveled to Cuba in 1978 and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent . Six months later , Myers and his wife agreed to work for the Cuban service , it said . After the April 15 meeting , the Myerses allegedly agreed to provide the undercover agent with information on the April 17-19 Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago , which President Obama attended . Kendall Myers confided to the undercover agent that he had received a "  lot of medals " from the Cuban government for his work and that he and his wife met and spent an evening with Fidel Castro in 1995 . The affidavit quoted Kendall Myers as telling the undercover agent that he typically removed information from the State Department by memory or by taking notes , although he did occasionally take some documents home . He also said he had delivered information that was classified as secret . Myers retired from the State Department on October 31 , 2007 . He had viewed more than 200 classified reports on Cuba in his final months , even though he was at the time an analyst working on European issues , the court document said . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	Walter Kendall Myers , 72 , Gwendolyn Myers , 71 , accused of aiding Cuba Walter Myers worked for U.S. State Department until October 2007 Two were captured in June after dealings with FBI agent posing as a Cuban
CNN  -- Dominican Republic President Leonel Fernandez continues to shuffle his top military commanders as he tries to make good on his recent promise to cleanse the government of corruption . Dominican Republic President Leonel Fernandez has faced political pressure to act on government corruption . After firing 700 police officers and forcing the retirement of 31 military and police generals Sunday , Fernandez on Monday removed more generals and reassigned others . The government also has announced that more than 535 members of the nation 's 24,000-strong military have been forced out in the past six months due to their suspected involvement in the drug trade . Among the generals forced to retire was the former head of the nation 's top anti-drug agency , the Dominican National Drug Control , known by its Spanish acronym DNCD . In his state-of-the-nation speech Friday , Fernandez said , "  In the Dominican Republic -- listen well -- narcotrafficking will not pass . " Despite the president 's strong words , many Dominican citizens and outside analysts said narcotrafficking already has taken hold . "  The situation in the Dominican Republic is that organizations that are supposedly involved in fighting corruption and narcotrafficking are involved in it , " said Tomas Castro Monegro , an anti-corruption attorney for 25 years in Santo Domingo , the capital . Tobias Friedl , a regional manager for Latin America at Washington-based iJET Intelligent Risk Systems , which helps companies assess and deal with dangers abroad , said , "  The security forces -- the army and the police -- have been corrupted . " The Dominican government generally carries out military promotions and retirements on February 27 , the day in which the nation celebrates its 1844 declaration of independence from Haiti . But this year 's numbers are unprecedented , Castro said . In 1978 , he said , 48 generals were let go -- some for perceived corruption , others for political reasons . But Castro said he never has seen 700 police officers fired or more than 500 military personnel relieved of their duties . "  In the majority of cases , " he said , "  there has to be something linking that person to narcotrafficking or corruption in general . " National police chief Rafael Guzman addressed his force Monday , admonishing them not to cave in to the many temptations they face . "  Today , more than ever , harassed by increasingly demanding challenges that jump out from all sides , just when drug trafficking persists in crippling society , it 's time for all police agents and officers , the men and women of our dear institution ... to raise our chest , since this is the moment to define ourselves . We 're with the nation or we 're against it , " he was quoted as saying in the Dominican Today and Listin Diario newspaper Web sites . Castro and others said police and the military have been involved in organized crime "  for a long time . " The evidence lies in the lavish lifestyles many of these officials are able to sustain on a public salary , they said . "  They live in contradiction with their salaries , " Castro said . "  They live in houses that cost millions of pesos and drive big vehicles . " Corrupt officials prefer to work in customs , at the airport and the border and in anti-drug units , the lawyer said . They receive bribes from traffickers , Castro said , and also profit by arresting people involved in the drug trade and taking their possessions . Castro , a well-known attorney in a nation of less than 10 million , has represented drug suspects and has argued cases before the Dominican Supreme Court . In 2000 , a published report said , he filed a suit against Fernandez alleging padded road-construction contracts . Friedl , the risk analyst , notes that Caribbean routes for drug shipments have diminished due to strong interdiction efforts by the U.S. Coast Guard . The majority of shipments now travel through Mexico , Costa Rica and Panama , he said . However , Friedl and others said , the drug trade still flourishes in the Dominican Republic . "  The Dominican Republic is not a major drug-producing country , but it acts as a transit point for cocaine , heroin , marijuana and ecstasy bound for the United States and Europe , " said Jane 's Sentinel Security Assessment , a publication that offers country-by-country risk analysis . "  The main trafficking routes are by sea from South America , and the drugs are then transferred by go-fast boats to islands such as Puerto Rico and St. Martin , on the way to the U.S. " The indexmundi Web site , which offers analyses on nations worldwide , said the Dominican Republic has become "  a trans-shipment point for ecstasy from the Netherlands and Belgium destined for the U.S. and Canada . " Jane 's and indexmundi point out that substantial money-laundering also takes place in the Dominican Republic . Deteriorating conditions in Haiti , with which the Dominican Republic shares a 193-mile border , have led traffickers to go next door . "  Haiti was the place where drugs used to come through , " Friedl said . "  Some of this now has shifted to the Dominican Republic . " Drug use in the Dominican Republic also has shifted . Ramon Cruz Benzan , a reporter for the Listin Diario newspaper who has been covering corruption cases , relates what many Dominicans say : "  Before , it used to come in and it would go . Now , it 's not like that . It comes in and it stays . " Friedl points out that tourism creates a demand for drugs . "  Tourism is a huge thing in the Dominican Republic . Local consumption has definitely gone up . " And large Dominican communities in the United States and Puerto Rico "  create a natural connection " for drug smuggling into those countries , Friedl said . Federal officials in New York have been battling -- and indicting -- Dominican natives on drug charges for years . Some observers see Fernandez 's crackdown as a sign that he is getting serious . "  Fernandez is trying to weed out corruption , " said Chris Kimble , a Latin America analyst also with iJET Intelligent Risk Systems . Others , such as the lawyer Castro , said Fernandez was forced to act after public outcry concerning the shootings deaths in August of seven Colombians in a drug-related case . A high-level commission appointed by Fernandez concluded that low - and midlevel officials from the national police were involved . But many Dominicans said they believe higher-ranking officers were responsible and the political pressure has been mounting on Fernandez to act . And many observers do n't expect this will be the last of it .	President Leonel Fernandez fires 700 police officers in Dominican Republic He shuffles more commanders after forcing retirement of 31 military , police generals Fernandez vows in a state-of-the-nation speech to rid the government of corruption Fernandez says , "  Listen well -- narcotrafficking will not pass "
London , England  CNN  -- Running a technology news site based in South Africa that focuses on tech news from Africa and Emerging Markets it 's to be expected that I am a little attached to the region . According to a Mckinsey report ICT spend in Sub-Saharan Africa is approximately $ 70 billion and will nearly double by 2015 . There is also no doubt Africa is on fire right now when it comes to being at the forefront of innovation in mobile  which is where the future of the web lies  with hubs in Kenya and Nigeria . Read more : How mobile broadband can transform Africa So naturally when the "  all star entrepreneur " panel took the LeWeb stage , I asked : "  So are any of you investing in Africa ? " The panel : "  No " . No ? why not ? TechCrunch founder and former editor Michael Arrington says it 's because he has n't been pitched anything from Africa . The rest of the panel , included : YouTube founder Chad Hurley , Digg founder Kevin Rose , and Skype founder , Niklas ZennstrÃ ¶ m. LeWeb is an event that champions the next stage in our online evolution and yet there seems to be very little African presence or discussion around the future of the web there . More : 10 African tech voices to follow on Twitter More and more are accessing content on their mobile devices , because let 's face it , this is where the world is heading . As Africans we arrived late to the internet party and most of the cool innovative party favors were gone . But we are hungry for access and content . Hence the huge potential in Africa for mobile app creators and companies that rely in the mobile space . Few of the companies presenting at LeWeb seems to have a focus in Africa , they seem intent on conquering the European market . Yes some want to conquer China and the rest of Asia too . But why are they ignoring Africa ? What did we do ? A few questions immediately come to mind . Is it a case of access ? Internet penetration ? Access Is that still a major issue ? According to the head of GSMA , there are 695 million mobile subscriptions in Africa and it is predicted to hit 735 million by the end of 2012 . The most common mobile device in southern parts of Africa is the Samsung E250 and it can access the web . More than 5 % of Sub-Saharan Africans own the Nokia N73 , according to researchers at TNS Global . Mobile penetration in Africa is about 70 % or so . Access ? Done . Read more : Mobile phone : Weapon against global poverty Internet Penetration According to research from Internet World Stats , Africa still has the world 's lowest internet penetration rate at 13.5 % . Not an attractive figure for potential investors maybe ? No , it says there is huge potential for growth . That figure says that there is an 86.5 % growth potential if we want to add numbers to it . Low internet does n't mean a deadzone . Africa is moving on quite swiftly then . There are companies such as Google , that recognize this growth potential in Africa and they are beginning to invest in the continent . Google has launched the Umbono project in South Africa and Tahrir2 in Egypt . Read more : Humans , lose your cyberphobia I suppose the argument could be that LeWeb is n't focused on Africa because it is designed for Europe and how technology is shaping the continent . Maybe , but most of the speakers are from the USA . All are innovating in various ways true but there are equally innovative and quite frankly more useful products coming out of Africa . Where are the speakers from Africa ? Someone from Ushahidi for instance should be here . The non-profit software company that develops open source software for information collection , visualization and interactive mapping . Surely it has more to say about the innovative use of technology than Path . Then there is innovation in social and communication companies such as Mxit , which is a mobile communication platform across all types of devices , and if you listen to its new CEO Alan Knott-Craig Jnr , it is well on its way to "  conquering the African market " . This particular conference is backed by government . That signals something important : European government cares about innovation in tech and perhaps innovating with it . Take note here African governments . When I bumped into Michael Arrington before his session he seemed to think there is n't much Africa can do for his fund . He also seems to think there is a security issue in Africa . Can this really still be the notion that Africa has nothing to offer when it comes to the web and how we are evolving ? Take a trip to Cape Town , Lagos and Nairobi or attend an Africa Gathering event , which champions African tech growth , and see how wrong you are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	Africa is on fire right now when it comes to be at the forefront of innovation in mobile Africa has a huge potential for mobile app creators and companies that rely in the mobile space There are 695 million mobile subscriptions in Africa and it is predicted to hit 735 million by the end of 2012
CNN  -- School administrators in Ohio voted Friday to begin the process of firing a middle school teacher accused of burning a cross into a student 's arm and refusing to keep his religious beliefs out of the classroom . The Mount Vernon School Board passed a resolution to terminate the employment of John Freshwater , an eighth-grade science teacher for the past 21 years . Freshwater , according to an independent report , used an electrostatic device to mark a cross on the arm of one of his students , causing pain to the student the night of the incident and leaving a mark that lasted for approximately three weeks . According to the Ohio Department of Education , the student 's family has filed a lawsuit . Freshwater was also reprimanded several times for refusing to move his Bible from his classroom desk and teaching creationism alongside evolution , according to the 15-page independent report . The report also cites evidence that Mr. Freshwater told his students that "  science is wrong because the Bible states that homosexuality is a sin and so anyone who is gay chooses to be gay and is therefore a sinner . " The Board of Education of the Mount Vernon City School District met in special session Friday to address the case . Freshwater has the option to contest the process by requesting a formal hearing before the Board of Education . Neither Freshwater nor his attorney could be reached by CNN for comment .	Ohio teacher accused of branding cross on student 's arm , teaching creationism John Freshwater was reprimanded for refusing to move his Bible from his desk School board passed resolution to terminate Freshwater 's employment
CNN  -- A 75th minute strike by striker Graziano Pelle gave AZ Alkmaar a 1-0 home win over NEC Nijmegen on Sunday to leave his side top of the Dutch standings . Italian star Pelle scored the winner to keep AZ on top heading into the Dutch break . The Italian 's decisive goal means Louis van Gaal 's men will head into 2009 with a three-point lead over Ajax Amsterdam after 17 rounds . The Eredivisie is set to resume on January 16 after a three-week break . Earlier , Dario Cvitanich scored a hat-trick as Ajax beat ADO Den Haag 3-0 to temporarily draw level on points with the leaders . But AZ , who are unbeaten in 15 games , then saw off Nijmegen , who had also been on a fine 14-game unbeaten run . AZ have 41 points , with Ajax on 38 . Steve McClaren 's FC Twente are in third place , seven points adrift of AZ , after holding defending champions PSV Eindhoven to a goalless draw on Saturday . PSV are fourth with 30 points and looking set to relinquish their league title . On Friday , Feyenoord snapped a run of three successive losses by beating NAC Breda 3-1 , but the struggling Rotterdam giants are in 12th spot .	AZ Alkmaar beat NEC Nijmegen 1-0 in Dutch league game on Sunday Alkmaar on top by three points from Ajax heading into midwinter break Former Lecce striker Graziano Pelle scores crucial winner for AZ
