WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Responding to recent accidents linked to pilot fatigue , federal safety officials hope reduce airline pilots ' logging 14-hour days . The FAA currently allows pilots to log 14-hour workdays , which the NTSB says contributes to accidents . The National Transportation Safety Board concluded in a report out Tuesday that pilot fatigue was a probable cause in a runway landing accident during bad weather in Michigan last winter . There were no fatalities . The Federal Aviation Administration currently allows a 14-hour workday with eight hours of logged airtime . "  It 's a critical issue ; it 's an insidious issue . Many times , the pilots themselves do n't even recognize that they are fatigued when they get into that cockpit , " NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker said . And Rosenker made the same points about air traffic controllers more than a year ago , in April 2007 . In a letter to the FAA , Rosenker said that four other plane incidents "  provide clear and compelling evidence " that controllers are sometimes operating while fatigued because of their work schedules and poor use of rest periods . "  That fatigue has contributed to controller errors , " Rosenker wrote in 2007 . "  Fourteen hours is still a very long day , " NTSB board member Debbie Hersman said . Her conclusion is backed by 40 years of airline accident statistics compiled by the FAA and cited Tuesday at an NTSB hearing . "  After a duty period of about 10 to 12 hours , the number of observed accidents increased exponentially , " NTSB staff member Malcolm Brenner said . In February , the cockpit crew of a passenger plane operated by Mesa Airlines failed to answer air traffic controllers for 18 minutes , missed the flight 's destination in Hawaii and continued for another 15 miles at 21,000 feet over the Pacific Ocean . The investigation has shown that "  both pilots unintentionally fell asleep during cruise flight , " NTSB staff member Jena Price said during a presentation to the safety board . The crew of Go ! Flight 1002 eventually answered concerned calls on the radio from ground controllers , turned around and safely landed . The NTSB report called for analysis of sleep quantity , sleep quality , performance , errors and incidents traced to schedules that disrupt sleep patterns , perhaps while stretching workloads to the maximum allowed . "  They can not just keep pushing pilots until they drop , " said the head of the Air Line Pilots Association , Rory Kay . He said during a break in the NTSB hearing that "  pilot pushing " is an issue . "  We are in tough economic times , we 're being asked to do more with less , and we have to support the pilot when he makes the determination that it 's time to call it quits , " he said . After reviewing some possible remedies against fatigue in the cockpit , board members unanimously approved the proposal to the FAA , which would be responsible for developing guidance for the airlines to carry out . The FAA plans to hold a symposium on fatigue management next week with representatives from the aviation industry . "  I want the FAA to have a complete overhaul of the flight time/duty time regulations " that presently allow a 14-hour day with eight hours of flight time , Kay said .	Federal Aviation Administration currently allows pilots to work a 14-hour day NTSB said pilot fatigue has contributed to plane crashes and near-crashes "  They ca n't just keep pushing pilots until they drop , " pilots group president said FAA plans to hold a symposium on fatigue management next week
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's the latest executive craze sweeping boardrooms across the globe , and a tiny score is becoming as sought-after as a low handicap on the golf course . Nintendo 's DS-Lite : Breaking into markets beyond traditional gamers "  Brain Training , " or "  Brain Age " as it 's known in North America , is a collection of quick-fire maths quizzes , anagrams , music recitals and memory tests developed by Nintendo with Japanese neuroscientist Dr. Ryuta Kawashima . The game is part of Nintendo 's attempt to widen the appeal of its game consoles , especially the cute little DS-Lite , beyond typical gamers -- in this case , to an older audience concerned with its health . "  Exercise is the key to good health both for body and mind , " says the company 's U.S. Web site . "  Playing regularly for just a few minutes a day has been found to stimulate parts of the brain related to thinking , creativity and concentration , " claims the Nintendo Europe Web site . And the tactic is working : with over 10 million copies of "  Brain Training " and "  More Brain Training " sold worldwide , and with celebrity endorsements from Nicole Kidman and Patrick Stewart , Dr. Kawashima and his brain exercises have become a global phenomenon . But does Nintendo 's "  Brain Training " actually make you smarter ? The expert 's opinion I spoke to Dr. Lauren Stewart , a cognitive neuroscientist at Goldsmiths , University of London , to find out what improvements I could expect to see in my brain . She reveals that it is hard to measure the impact that brain training could have on my day-to-day life . "  It is a complex thing to determine whether learning on one thing transfers to another thing , " she explains . But can training on certain tasks make you smarter ? "  It depends what we think being smart is all about , " she says , adding that if the tasks were similar to IQ tests , I might see a small increase in my IQ . Dr. Stewart does point to research that suggests exercising one 's brain does work -- and might even help to prevent those dreaded "  senior moments . " "  Learning of any kind does forge new neuronal connections , " she reveals . "  Evidence seems to support the ` use it or lose it ' mantra with respect to staving off neuronal degeneration in old age . " And Dr. Stewart is keen to dispel the myth that once we 're adults , we 're too old to learn . "  There are numerous examples of learning in adulthood and structural brain changes accompanying this , " she says . So now it 's down to me . Attracted by the prospect of a lean , mean , mind machine , I decided to put it to a three-week test . Watch out Kidman , here I come ... Day 1 The DS-Lite arrives in the afternoon . Mmm , shiny ! I test my brain age : it 's 41 , considerably older than my actual age , and far from a "  perfect " age of 20 . I sigh . Will I ever be as smart as Patrick Stewart ? I work through the exercises . They 're surprisingly fun , pandering as they do to my inner dork tendencies . Day 2 I play the brain training games on the subway and equal or improve my scores . "  What an improvement ! I could almost cry ! " says Dr. Kawashima . I 'm not quite so excited . I become so engrossed in "  Brain Training " that I nearly miss my stop , leap off the train , stylus and console in hand , and stand at the bottom of the escalators trying to complete a game . My fellow commuters -- quite rightly -- throw me pitying looks . I 'm so flustered I leave the tube station by the wrong exit and end up wandering dazedly around central London , trying to find my office . Worse still , my brain age is still a less-than-sprightly 40 . Brain training ? Brain draining ! Day 3 Following yesterday 's mishaps , I rule out brain age checks on the subway . My brain age drops to 30 . Result ! Day 5 After a stressful weekend moving house , I kick back and relax with a glass of wine and Dr. Kawashima . Big mistake ! My tiredness and the alcohol leave me fumbling and just one drink raises my brain age to a wobbly 37 . I cast blameful glances at the Merlot , and resolve to stay sober for testing . Day 6 I fluff the exercises , the new one 's a nightmare and Dr. Kawashima is tormenting me with a 5x5 square of random numbers that I 'm supposed to remember . Woe ! Time to check my brain age . I expect to see it increase to 50 + on stress alone , but am amazed when , for the first time , I break through the 30 barrier ! Brain age of 27 : read it and weep , Kidman . Day 7 It 's a week in ; I zip through the exercises and tackle the test . My brain age drops again to 24 . Woo hoo ! Day 10 I skip a day . Day 11 Dr. Kawashima complains at me for not coming by yesterday . I 'm not in the mood , but do the exercises anyway , stumbling on lots of the anagrams . My score plummets ; elsewhere , I 'm flatlining . I resist the urge to stab his irritating , bouncing face with my stylus and take the brain test . It seems grouchiness does n't impact your score -- I 'm back down to 27 . "  Hmm , a little tired , are we ? " he says . Die , Dr. Kawashima , die . Day 14 Dr. Kawashima introduces me to a new , Tetris-style game that will , apparently , relax my brain . This is important too , I 'm told . While the music is soothing , the game has me hooked . But ideal before bedtime ? I 'm up playing it 'til 4 a.m. Day 15 Exhausted from last night 's small-hours game playing , I skip a day . Day 16 I 've whittled my brain age down to 23 , but by accident , I leave my DS-Lite on my desk -- no brain training in the evening , nor in the morning ! I start to panic . Help ! I 'm addicted ! Day 17 I time how long it takes me to do all the exercises and the brain age test . It 's now taking half an hour a day -- a considerable chunk of my leisure time -- and I 'm starting to resent that . Dr. Kawashima keeps asking me to get my friends to play with me . "  Please be sure to introduce friends and family to the quick play demo , " he says . "  Share it with family and friends who want to try it out with no hassles ! " Sorry Doc , I do n't pimp goods to my pals . Day 18 His patronizing comments are starting to get to me . "  Do n't lose heart ! Just try again tomorrow ! " he says , when my score drops . I want to punch him . Day 20 And then it all goes wrong . I stumble with the stylus and mess up the memory test . My brain age plummets to 37 . I ca n't end like that ! Day 21 The final day of my three week experiment . Can I redeem myself ? I 'm revved up for the tests and my brain age tumbles to 22 -- just two away from a perfect 20 ! But Dr. Kawashima seems less impressed . "  Your brain seems fairly young , " he says . "  But with regular training , you can sharpen that brain even more ! " Is he never satisfied ? I lost 15 years in a day ! Perhaps I should n't have taken brain training quite so seriously -- after all , it 's only a game ... And the results ? "  Brain Training " was more fun than you 'd expect , and left me feeling more confident performing certain tasks , like quick-fire maths , away from the console . My scores quickly improved as I became used to the software and the console , then leveled out . The game was surprisingly addictive and monopolized my attention . My usually yawn-filled commute zipped by ; when I skipped a day 's training I missed it ; and , for a brief spell , my husband became a Nintendo widower . I was most taken aback by my strong emotional response to the game : when my scores improved , I felt jubilant ; when they dipped , I felt distraught and stupid . But did "  Brain Training " make me smarter ? Call me a cynic , but I 'm not convinced it 's anything more than a cunning ploy to get non-gamers like me hooked on Nintendo 's latest little console . And that certainly worked . ... . Do you train your brain ? How do you give your gray cells a workout ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Nintendo 's "  Brain Training " has sold over 10 million copies worldwide The gaming giant is breaking into new markets with its DS-Lite console Did "  Brain Training " make our reporter smarter ? Well , it got her hooked ...
CNN  -- Dear Young American Women , It 's possible that you have been told a time or 10 that you do n't appreciate how tough your elders had it . It 's true that , if you had been coming of age back in , say , 1960 , you would probably be feeling more restricted , if only because you were doomed to spend your days in a skirt , nylon stockings and girdle .  Everybody wore a girdle back then , even Barbie , the individual least in need of a foundation garment in American history . Back then , if you wanted a career that involved travel , you 'd have to have become a flight attendant . Although good luck with that -- there were 100 applicants for every opening . People paid to go to special schools to learn how to improve their chances of being chosen for that very job that involved appallingly low pay and allowed you to be fired if you gained weight or got married . Fifty years ago , women could n't get a credit card or apartment lease unless their father or husband co-signed . And it was perfectly legal for an employer to say that he did n't hire women .  Madeleine Kunin , the future governor of Vermont , applied for an editing job at my own beloved New York Times and was asked if she 'd like to consider waitressing in the corporate dining room . You may be thinking right now that this actually does n't sound so bad , that it would be more fun to take to the streets protesting job discrimination than worrying about living in the streets because there are n't any jobs around at all . Point well taken . You 've got your own problems and truly , you are not required to bow down to the generation that gave you equal opportunity to play high school sports .  Now even Sarah Palin loves Title 9 . But when it first became law , men were sure it would mean the end of football and everything they held dear . Rep. Pat Schroeder of Colorado was touring a local high school shortly after it passed , and the boys ' basketball coach said "  Show the congresswoman what you think of Title 9 . " The team turned around and mooned her . There are plenty of challenges that still remain and you know about them better than me . If you 're planning on knocking them dead in business or one of the professions , you may discover , to your shock , that there 's still discrimination out there . If you 're thinking about a military career , there 's never been a better time for a woman , but the problem of sexual harassment in the field is disturbingly real . No matter what you 're doing , you 're probably going to wind up worrying about how to balance work and family . Violence against women has n't gone away ; it actually seems to be getting worse . And if you 're prepared to worry about things on an international sphere , the oppression of women in other parts of the world is a cancer that has to be cured if the planet is going to evolve in the right direction . What with all that , it looks like there 's plenty on your plate . And if you do n't feel like dwelling on the non-problems , if you automatically assume that a woman has as much right to have a terrific career and exciting adventures as any guy , that 's great . For the entire history of recorded civilization , people had ideas about women 's limitations , and their proper  domestic  place in the world . That all changed in my lifetime -- came crumbling down . The fact that I got to see it , in the tiny sliver of history I inhabit , just knocks me out . You taking it for granted knocks me out . But if you do want to take a look back now and then , and contemplate how America evolved into a country where women could finally claim their rights , you might enjoy the ride even more . It 's a great story , and it was all leading up to you .	Journalist Gail Collins remembers big changes and current problems for women Women could n't get credit card or lease unless their father or husband co-signed Rep. Pat Schroeder was mooned by boys sport team after Title 9 passed When future Gov. Madeleine Kunin sought editing job , it was suggested she waitress
CNN  -- In 2001 , the nation watched as Andrea Yates , by all accounts a loving mother , was arrested in the killings of her five children after drowning them in a bathtub . In the trial that followed , we learned she had a history of mental illness , which intensified in her postpartum periods and required four psychiatric hospitalizations . She would ultimately be found not guilty by reason of insanity and sent to a Texas psychiatric hospital . Her case riveted a bewildered nation for much the same reasons as the story this past weekend of Megan Huntsman , a woman in Utah who authorities say admitted to strangling or suffocating at least six of her babies , likely over a 10-year period beginning in 1996 , and putting their bodies in boxes in her garage . As with Yates , intense national publicity has focused on the shock or horror of filicide -- the act of a parent killing a child . We wonder : What would cause a mother or father to do such a seemingly unnatural thing ? Indeed , it 's rare enough to stop us in our tracks . But the practice has existed since ancient times , and the reasons may include displeasure over the child 's gender , or a disability or questionable paternity as a lack of parental resources to care for the child . Filicide has been documented in literature from all eras . Perhaps the most famous tale comes from Greek mythology -- the story of Medea , a woman who kills her sons to punish her husband for his affair . Today , roughly two-thirds of all children murdered in the United States under the age of 5 between 1980 and 2008 were killed by a parent , more specifically 33 % were killed by their fathers and 30 % by their mothers . We can not know what was behind the deaths of Huntsman 's infants , but research may offer at least broad motivations . Forensic psychiatrist Phillip J. Resnick , a pioneer in the field of filicide research , published a seminal article in 1969 identifying five major reasons for filicide based on the motive of the perpetrator : 1 . Altruism : The parent kills the child because he or she may perceive it to be in the child 's best interest . It may be reality-based  e.g. , the child suffers from a terminal illness  or precede the suicide of the parent , as the parent feels it would be unfair to leave the child behind to face the cruel world . 2 . Acute psychosis : The parent kills the child based on ideas that are inconsistent with reality ; for example , the parent believes the child has been possessed by the devil . 3 . Unwanted child : The parent kills the child that he or she regards as a hindrance . 4 . Accidental : The child 's death is an unintentional outcome of parental physical abuse . 5 . Spousal revenge : The parent kills the child in an effort to exact revenge on the other parent . Filicide is the broad term used to refer to a parent  or a person acting in a parental role , such as a stepparent or guardian  who kills his or her child under the age of 18 ; infanticide is the term used to define the murder of a child in the first year of life , and -- more specifically -- neonaticide refers to a parent who kills a child within the first 24 hours of life . Neonaticides , as described by Resnick , are most often perpetrated by young , unmarried women who do not suffer from a major mental illness and do not want their children . In 1997 , for example , New Jersey teen Melissa Drexler made national news when it was discovered she gave birth in a bathroom stall at her prom and disposed of the newborn in a trash can . It is also worth noting there are differences between fathers and mothers who commit filicide . Fathers are more likely to kill more than one victim , including other children and spouses . They are also more likely to kill themselves following the filicide . And fathers are often more harshly punished than women who commit similar crimes . England , for example , passed the Infanticide Acts of 1922 and 1938 , which banned the use of the death penalty for mothers who killed their children in the first 12 months of life . These were efforts to recognize the effect that the birth and care of an infant may have on the mother . Several other Western countries have followed suit  with the exception of the United States  . No such laws exist to protect men charged with infanticide . Is it possible to prevent the killing of children by their parents ? This is trickier . Efforts to head off deaths have included the passage of safe haven laws , which allow parents to surrender infants anonymously to state custody without fear of legal repercussions . But parents who kill their children are a varied population , and this , unfortunately , leaves few means to identify those at risk in the first place . The friends and family of parents or parents-to-be suffering from stress or mental illness would best serve their loved ones by helping them get the attention of mental health providers . These treatment providers should in turn make every extra effort to learn specifically about the parents ' feelings toward -- or plans for -- their children . Then , perhaps , we can have some hope of preventing these senseless tragedies .	Sara West : Case of Utah mom accused of killing her babies recalls 2001 Andrea Yates case She says public shocked by such cases , always asking how mothers could kill their children West : Expert identified five reasons , including spousal revenge , acute psychosis Prevention is hard , but mental heath treatment can help , West says
Orlando  CNN  -- "  Businesses adding jobs " is a headline every elected official loves to read . Sadly , it 's one that 's getting harder and harder to find because of a policy and regulatory landscape that makes it increasingly difficult for businesses to see why and where creating new jobs makes sense . That 's especially true for me and my colleagues in the restaurant industry , who find ourselves facing a plate piled high with more and more federal , state and local regulations . Regulatory mandates flowing from federal health care reform may be the most visible , but the list also includes measures such as new mandatory paid leave provisions that require us to change the way we accommodate employees who need to take time off when they are ill and ever more unrealistic requirements regarding employee meal and rest breaks that , in California for example , force our employees to take breaks in the middle of serving lunch or dinner . This reality is the result of the best intentions . Policymakers working in silos at every level are pushing through regulations that on their face seem to address admirable goals -- that are each directed at outcomes that seem desirable . The cumulative effect of these regulations , however , is significant damage to the hard-working Americans who are the intended beneficiaries . The employer mandate contained in the new health care reform law , for example , forces us to change the way we have offered health care coverage to our full - and part-time workers and , together with all the other looming regulations , causes us to rethink the way we schedule the hourly work force that is at the heart of how we deliver our product to customers . Some suggest we accommodate the costs of new regulations in one of two ways : Accept lower profits , or charge customers more . Neither is a realistic alternative for many businesses , and certainly not for those in our industry . Like most in retail , low profit margins are a fact of life for us for good reason -- low margins are consistent with charging prices our customers can afford . The difficult reality is that neither our shareholders nor our customers -- who are of course , the very working people policymakers champion -- can afford the cost of the unbridled increase in regulation we 're experiencing . This is not to say that the restaurant industry should not be appropriately regulated . Food safety and cleanliness standards are just two examples of categories of regulation we welcome given their importance in helping protect two critical elements of our promise to our guests , which are their safety and well-being . So , what are restaurants doing about all of this ? We are labor-intensive businesses and always will be , but we 're relying more and more on technologies that make our businesses less labor intensive . It 's an ominous development considering restaurants ' role as a path to opportunity and entrepreneurship . More than half of today 's adults worked in food service at some point in their career , for example -- whether as a first job , a way to pay for higher education , a bridge to a new direction in their lives or as a path to a career in restaurant or food service management . To preserve this important driver of economic opportunity , we need policymakers to understand the snowball effect of too many regulations . Their collective effect is to threaten job creation and prevent us in the restaurant industry from doing our part to put our economy back on its feet . Policymakers and pundits bemoan the economic news of the day and chastise the business community for not "  investing " or creating jobs to help lead us out of the recession . But through the lens of a business owner , a regulatory "  perfect storm " is forming that causes even the most well-intentioned business leaders to pause . Some industries -- including the restaurant industry -- continue to grow and add jobs , but what we see on the horizon puts that at risk . In the year ahead , the company I lead expects to open roughly 80 new locations , each with about 100 jobs . The entire industry projects adding 1.3 million jobs over the next decade , according to the National Restaurant Association . My plea to policymakers is simple : Before you impose another well-meaning mandate , consider the burden we already bear and engage us in conversation . Regulations are not inherently detrimental to growth . Responsible companies such as ours , that have been supportive of the president and elected officials of both parties across the country , wo n't say "  no " to everything and , indeed , what you might find is that we can help craft solutions that truly are better for everyone . Our success depends on our ability to deliver on three promises : a promise to our guests to provide them exceptional dining experiences at appropriate value ; a promise to our employees to provide them jobs with appropriate compensation , benefits and opportunity for advancement ; and a promise to our shareholders to provide them appropriate returns on their investment . Our ability to deliver on these promises in the future is directly challenged by the regulations we see as we look ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clarence Otis Jr. .	Clarence Otis : Everyone wants to see businesses creating jobs As CEO of a major restaurant company , he says regulations are inhibiting job growth Otis says state and local rules , combined with health reform , push firms to avoid hiring Darden : Rather than hire , companies look for technology to reduce the need for labor
Hong Kong  CNN  Taipei is fast becoming the go-to Asian city for some of Hollywood 's biggest hitters . Martin Scorsese is filming his latest opus "  Silence " there , and French director Luc Besson chose Taipei over seven other Asian cities for his sci-fi thriller "  Lucy , " starring Scarlett Johansson . And this May "  The Walking Dead " star Andrew Lincoln will begin filming in the city for a movie project . Tasked with attracting international film makers , Jennifer Jao , head of the Taipei Film Commission , said that 92 foreign film crews shot in the city last year , up from 56 in 2013 . "  We hope the whole island can be like a big studio , " she told CNN while in Hong Kong Thursday . It was n't always this way . For years , Taiwan , while home to acclaimed filmmakers like Edward Yang and Hou Hsiao-hsien , was overlooked in favor of its ritzier neighbors Hong Kong , Shanghai and Tokyo . And even when Hollywood came knocking , the city did n't always have its act together . The producers of "  Mission Impossible III , " released in 2006 , had wanted to film at Taipei 101 , at that time the world 's tallest skyscraper . But faced with red tape and reluctance , they ended up choosing the 53-story Shanghai Bank of China Tower for Tom Cruise 's memorable bungee jump . "  We lost an opportunity for the world to get to know Taipei , " says Jao . Jao 's commission was set up in 2008 to court international film makers but it was n't until director Ang Lee , who was born in Taiwan , filmed the Oscar-winning hit "  Life of Pi " on the island that it began to earn a reputation as an accommodating and affordable place to shoot . Lee filmed the memorable and technically difficult scenes of a shipwrecked boy and a tiger at a purpose-built facility at abandoned airport in the Taiwanese city of Taichung . With its relatively unknown cityscape , Taiwan can also function as a generic Asian backdrop . The island , which was a Japanese colony , is already being used as a stand-in for Japan . Japanese director Takashi Miike used Taiwan 's high-speed rail system in a bullet-strewn action sequence for crime drama "  Shield of Straw , " which competed at the Cannes International Film Festival . Japanese rail authorities turned him away . And Scorsese 's "  Silence , " due to release in 2016 , is a historic drama about two Jesuit priests who travel to Japan . Taiwan is also a popular alternative to China , where there are many restrictions on filmmakers -- authorities can censor scripts considered politically sensitive or obscene . Hong Kong director John Woo used both Taiwan and China as locations in "  The Crossing . " Dubbed China 's "  Titanic , " it focuses on a ship that sank when the Nationalist government fled China for Taiwan in 1949 as the Communists took over -- a sensitive period in Chinese history . Taiwan and China are still governed separately . Chinese authorities asked Woo to tone down the heroics of a Nationalist soldier , according to the South China Morning Post -- not something that Taiwan would ever require , says Jao . The commission offers incentives for international film crews . Up to $ 2 million is available per movie -- half of that as a cash subsidy . But just as important is the island 's versatility as a location , says Jao . While many of the film crews are from neighboring Asian countries , the city has hosted crews from Latvia and Germany , while the BBC shot some of its newly released drama "  X+Y " in the city . "  It 's a small island . Within half an hour , you can go from the streets to the mountains to the sea . "	Taipei is attracting more international film crews Martin Scorsese is shooting his latest movie in the city Taiwan often acts as a stand in for China and Japan
CNN  -- A Texas mother of five is expected to be sentenced Tuesday after admitting to gluing her 2-year-old daughter to a wall and beating her over potty training . Elizabeth Escalona , 23 , was in a Dallas County , Texas , court Monday as witnesses -- including her mother and the pediatrician who cared for the toddler -- testified in the first day of her sentencing hearing , while prosecutors showed pictures of the little girl 's hands and bruised body and forehead . "  The entire picture was very shocking , " said Dr. Amy Barton , then a child abuse pediatrician at Children 's Medical Center of Dallas , choking back tears on the stand . "  I see a lot of children , and this was one of the most shocking cases that I have seen . " Jocelyn Cedillo was less than two months shy of her third birthday in September 2011 when Escalona , her mother , used a powerful adhesive to glue her hands to a wall and beat her . Three other children of Escalona , who was pregnant at the time , witnessed the abuse , according to Dallas County district attorney 's office spokeswoman Debbie Denmon . The child urinated on herself during the ordeal , during which she was hit in head and kicked in the groin , among other forms of abuse , said Denmon . Oefelia Escalona , the defendant 's mother , testified Monday that she found the girl and took her to the hospital . "  I saw Jocelyn laying in the bed . She was facing the wall and ... , " the 42-year-old woman said , before she started crying and turned away . It was n't clear exactly how long young Jocelyn was glued to the wall before she was brought to the Dallas hospital . Once there , medical authorities noticed severe bruises to her face and head , as well as a severe brain injury that led to her temporarily being in a coma . Escalona pleaded guilty on July 12 to a charge of first-degree injury to a child , a crime punishable by anywhere between five years and life in prison . Prosecutors are asking Escalona be incarcerated for 45 years , so she will not cause any more harm to her children , Denmon said . "  When these types of crimes occur we have to send a message , not only to the perpetrator , but to the citizens of Dallas County as a whole , " District Attorney Craig Watkins told CNN . "  If you choose to commit these types of crimes , we will ensure that you receive an adequate punishment . " Prior to this incident , Escalona had been investigated by Texas Child Protective Services but never arrested or charged , said Denmon . The child welfare agency put all of her children in foster care after her toddler daughter was taken to the hospital . All five of them , including Jocelyn , are now in the custody of their grandmother , Oefelia Escalona .	A mother beat her 2-year-old daughter and glued her to the wall over potty training The mother , Elizabeth Escalona , pleaded guilty to first degree injury of a child in July A pediatrician says at the sentencing hearing "  the entire picture was very shocking " Prosecutors want Escalona sentenced to 45 years in prison , a spokeswoman says
Washington  CNN  -- Ukraine announced Monday that it will get rid of all its highly enriched uranium , which can be used in nuclear weapons , within the next two years . The announcement by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich followed his meeting with President Obama before the start of a 47-nation summit on nuclear security . In an exclusive interview with CNN on Monday , Yanukovich said that most of his nation 's highly enriched uranium would be gone by the end of 2010 . "  The Ukraine has quite a number of power plants and various universities and research institutes where we are trying to understand to best utilize nuclear in a peaceful means , " Yanukovich told CNN foreign affairs correspondent Jill Dougherty . "  We are working on it . However , we are already taking the necessary step to remove highly enriched uranium from the country . By the end of this year , Ukraine is going to have the larger part of this uranium taken out of the country . " A White House statement said Obama "  praised Ukraine 's decision as a historic step and a reaffirmation of Ukraine 's leadership in nuclear security and nonproliferation . " "  Ukraine joins the United States in the international effort to convert civil nuclear research facilities to operate with low enriched uranium fuel , which is becoming the global standard in the 21st century , " the statement said . Yanukovich indicated that the final destination of the highly enriched uranium could be Russia . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the destination had yet to be determined , but he said Russia was likely to be one of the countries to receive such nuclear materials . The White House statement said the United States will provide financial and technical assistance to Ukraine to get rid of its highly enriched uranium . According to Gibbs , the uranium that Ukraine will give up is enough to construct several nuclear weapons . He said Ukraine would convert its nuclear energy facilities to operate on low-enriched fuel . Gibbs said similar announcements by other nations could come during the summit , which comprises 47 nations discussing how to secure nuclear weapons and materials old and new to prevent them from getting into the hands of terrorists and rogue states . The United States was prepared to help other nations take similar steps to Ukraine 's , Gibbs said . "  The goal is to do all that we can , " Gibbs said , adding : "  Our assistance and the assistance of our partners and our allies will be important , not just this week but in the coming years . " A White House fact sheet on Monday 's announcement called Ukraine "  an international leader on disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation and a valued partner in implementation of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  START  since its historic 1994 decision  along with Kazakhstan and Belarus  to remove all nuclear weapons from its territory and to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . " From 1994 to 1996 , the document said , Ukraine eliminated all of the intercontinental ballistic missile silos and 5,000 nuclear munitions , including 2,000 strategic-range munitions , long-range cruise missiles and strategic bombers , that remained on its territory following the breakup of the Soviet Union .	Ukrainian president tells CNN most of enriched uranium will be gone by end of year Material could end up in Russia ; White House says that 's undetermined Nation will convert nuclear facilities to run on low-enriched fuel Announcement comes at start of two-day nuclear summit in Washington
CNN  -- We 've all got them : places that live large in imagination or memory , begging us to hop on a plane to uncover their delicious mysteries . As the new year kicks off , a handful of our very well-traveled CNN correspondents -- who 've been places and seen things many of us may never see firsthand -- share their destination wishes for 2013 and beyond . Where are you dreaming of visiting this year ? Please share your picks in the comments below . 8 travel resolutions for 2013 Mongolia Senior International Correspondent Ben Wedeman set his sights on Mongolia early in life . "  Back when I was , I think , nine or ten years old I read a book about Marco Polo , how he traveled with his uncles on the ultimate business trip to the Mongol Empire at its height , " wrote Wedeman , who recently moved to Rome after an assignment in Cairo . "  The trip lasted almost a quarter of a century , during which he grew up , mastered Mongolian , gained the confidence of the Mongol emperor , Kublai Khan , and then eventually returned home with fantastic tales of strange lands and stranger people . The story hooked me . " 12 months , 12 trips to make your friends jealous Wedeman socked away money from his first job delivering newspapers with an eye toward a $ 3,000 trip to Mongolia advertised in the Sunday New York Times magazine . "  Making around $ 30 a month , it would have taken me more than eight years to come up with the money . " He read about Mongolia in the meantime but spent most of his teenage years in the Arab world , where he learned the language and became interested in journalism , "  for better or for worse , a busier profession in the Middle East than in Mongolia , for example . " Wedeman took courses in classical and modern Mongolian while studying for his master 's degree and found it "  beastly difficult . " He still wants to visit , in the spring or summer , he said . "  Mongolian winters , when temperatures drop to − 30 °C  − 22 °F  are not for me , thank you very much . " He says he would hire a guide and horses and set out for the vast steppes . "  I know it 's changed radically since I first latched on to the idea . For one thing it 's no longer part of the communist bloc , it 's no longer isolated , and its economy is growing rapidly fueled by a mining boom  which is destroying the traditional nomadic lifestyle , and severely harming the once pristine environment  . " The price today with an upscale company is reasonable , he said , "  compared to the $ 3,000 it was back in 1971 . " "  Today the same trip is around $ 5000 , which though a still hefty sum , is , in terms of inflation , a steal . " Jordan CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson spent much of the past year in conflict-ridden places that many travelers avoid these days , including Syria , Libya , Egypt and Lebanon . Next year , Robertson expects to travel to Afghanistan , Libya , Syria , Jordan and Mali in North Africa , where he says al Qaeda is putting down roots . So you 'd think he might like to spend some time on a secluded beach somewhere . Nope . He wants to travel with his wife and two daughters  ages 17 and 21  to Jordan . "  I have yet to take my children there and it is a very special place to my wife and I as we met there in the build up to the first Gulf War , " wrote Robertson , briefly at home in London , in an e-mail . "  The hotel we met in , which was the CNN hotel , at the time called the Philadelphia , now the Radisson , was attacked by Zarqawi suicide bombers in 2005 . "  Jordan today is becoming less stable and I would like to take my children there to visit places like Petra , the Roman ruins in Amman and Jerash , the Dead Sea and Aqaba where I learned to dive . My eldest daughter 's second name is Jordan after the country ... so you can see the connection runs deep . " Galapagos Islands , Ecuador Work has taken CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley all over the world , but in her free time she 's "  never been much of a traveler " beyond a yearly pilgrimage to Sleeping Bear Bay in Michigan , which Crowley calls "  the place of my heart . " Yet a few years ago , she was in a boat off the coast of Australia with her grown children , living out a travel dream . "  I began to see massive areas of dark brown spread across the horizon of blue water . I started to cry . I never thought a dream I had since I was a teenager would come true , but there I was about to scuba dive and snorkel in an area of The Great Barrier Reef , " wrote Crowley . "  I love water , sea life , scuba diving and snorkeling . I love the warmth of sand just before it gets so hot you need shoes . I love a place with that spiritual feel of history and mystery . I love being with my children there to share . " Crowley 's got her next fantasy trip mapped out . "  Now I have a bank account with ` The Galapagos ' written on it . It 's not in the cards for 2013 , but I 'll get there . "  I want to do one of those week long boat trips with the scientists on board who tell you what you 've seen , what you 're about to see because I think it will ratchet up the awe factor , if that 's possible . " Pantanal region , Brazil Shasta Darlington , a CNN correspondent based in São Paulo , is determined to visit the Pantanal region of Brazil . "  This is my second time living in Brazil and it 's something I failed to do the first time , so I want to make sure I get there this time , " wrote Darlington . "  It 's the largest contiguous wetland in the world and teeming with animal life . Most people think the Amazon is the place to go to see Brazilian flora and fauna , but the Pantanal region is easily just as rich in animals and they 're easier to spot , especially during rainy season when rivers rise forcing animals literally onto islands . " The region is hard to reach and navigate , Darlington said , with mostly lodge-like accommodations and boats , small planes and four-wheel-drive vehicles for transportation . But the rewards are rich . "  There are an abundance of birds , monkeys , caimans , snakes , butterflies and fish out there . " South Africa "  There are some destinations that you know as soon as you step off the plane will change you . For me , it 's always been Africa , " wrote Patrick Oppmann , CNN 's correspondent in Havana . He has visited the continent three times but has yet to make it to South Africa . "  As a journalist , I have long been fascinated with how South Africa is emerging from decades of the racial divisions of the Apartheid era . "  But it 's one thing to read about those years and another to actually visit Robben Island , where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned , or to walk in District 6 , the area where thousands of black residents had their neighborhoods destroyed . " And of course , the country 's spectacular beauty is a big draw . "  You can hit the beach , hike Table Mountain overlooking Cape Town , take in amazing wildlife and cage dive among Great White sharks . " Oppmann would n't miss trying braai , the South African way of spit-roasting meat over an open fire . "  And if there was a cold glass of the excellent local wine or beer to go along with the braai , that would be just fine too . " Where are you dreaming about going in 2013 ?	CNN.com asked a handful of correspondents for their dream destinations for 2013 Ben Wedeman has been looking forward to a visit to Mongolia since he was a child Nic Robertson has deep ties to Jordan and would like his daughters to see the country Candy Crowley 's love of the water has her saving for a trip to the Galapagos
New York  CNN  -- Some families of 9/11 victims say they are confused , anxious and surprised as the 10th anniversary approaches because they have not received invitations to the Sunday ceremony opening the ground zero memorial . Gillian Joseph , who lost her husband Stephen in the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center , said she is thinking of canceling her plans to attend the memorial because the whole thing seems so disorganized . "  There was no notification . I made reservations not knowing what the final plans were . I still have n't received an official invitation , " Joseph said . She added that the last thing she wants for herself and her 12-year-old son is have to deal with a large crowd and make a "  hard day even harder . " Joseph said she has made several calls to the New York mayor 's office about her missing invitation without hearing back . So did Ansu Philip , who said the mayor 's office finally told her after several days of calling that she would be receiving the invitation last week but she still has not received it . It 's been 10 days since she spoke to the mayor 's office , and she is anxious to make sure she and her relatives can attend the memorial to honor her daughter , Sneha Anne Philip . And a widow who did not wish to be identified told CNN while she did not receive an official invitation , she assumed there would be some kind of memorial . "  We made plans knowing that something was going to happen . My friend will take us with her . She got two invitations , I got none , " she said . The woman still feels she should have gotten her own invitation , especially since she says she has never had any problems receiving memorial notifications in the past . "  I 'm appalled , surprised , and irritated . This just makes things more difficult , " the widow said . The confusion and anxieties surround official invitations -- or lack of them -- for the Sunday morning service that will mark the opening of the National September 11 Memorial at ground zero . The ceremony starting at 8:30 a.m. will include the reading of the names of victims and two moments of silence to mark the times the towers were hit . Family members will be allowed in the memorial , where they will see for the first time their loved ones ' names inscribed in bronze . Meanwhile , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's office said in a statement on Sunday : "  We communicate regularly with the family members and have recently sent out letters and e-mails about this year 's ceremony . Family members have direct access to our staff for any questions that arise , and we 'll have staff on site that day to resolve any issues . So while we apologize for any confusion , there is no reason for any family member to be concerned about not being able to attend the ceremony . " Joe Daniels is the president and CEO of the 9/11 memorial . He said he has reached out to victims ' families , letting them know that if they have not yet received an official invitation , they will be able to use alternate methods to identify themselves for admission to the ceremony . "  I want to assure you that nothing has changed from years past in terms of access to the ceremony , " Daniels said . That offers little consolation to family members who want a real invitation that will guarantee them entry . Lois Paterson-Gallo worries that trying to get into the ceremony with other identification methods will complicate getting in , and that will add more stress and anxiety . "  I want the official invitation to cut down on the hassle the day of the memorial . I do n't feel totally comfortable that this is going to work , " she said . Laurie Mirak , whose husband died on 9/11 , is traveling and said she wo n't be back home to get her invitation until after September 11 , if in fact it arrives . She has been relying on a website for the 9/11 community of families -- Voices of September 11th -- for information . She plans to bring her husband 's death certificate to gain entry to the memorial . Mirak said she is planning on taking part in all of the memorials for her husband and the other victims , and has invitations to all events -- except the ground zero memorial ceremony Sunday morning . Not everyone has had a problem receiving an invitation , though . Elaine Hughes , whose son Kris died on 9/11 , received her cardboard invitation in the mail two weeks ago . She thinks the whole issue of invitations is getting blown out of proportion and is confident that "  if you 're a family member , they 're going to let you in . " Patricia Tamuccio , who lost a son , was anxious until her invitation arrived in the mail last Thursday . She plans to bring other relatives and she received a notice telling her that she was permitted to bring guests . David de Vere from the United Kingdom , who lost a relative on 9/11 , received his invitation in plenty of time to plan a visit and he said he wonders if some people just were n't in the correct database .	A ceremony Sunday morning will open the 9/11 memorial at ground zero Some families of 9/11 victims say they have yet to receive invitations The mayor 's office says staff on site that day will resolve any issues of admission "  There is no reason for any family member to be concerned "
CNN  -- A student who videoed a re-enactment of the "  Jena 6 " incident apologized and said the video was not intended to make fun of the six black students arrested in the beating of a white classmate , according to The News-Star newspaper of Monroe , Louisiana . The incident involving six black students has sparked protests across the country , like this one in Washington . The video , taped by University of Louisiana-Monroe student Kristy Smith , shows students in blackface apparently acting out the beating of Jena High School student Justin Barker . One of the males in the tape runs onto the beach acting as if he is holding a noose , and three others -- covered in river mud -- pretend to knock him to the ground , punch and kick him . At least one racial epithet can be heard . It was unclear when the video was made . Smith said she taped it on the banks of the Red River in Alexandria , Louisiana , and posted it on her Facebook page , according to The News-Star . The page has since been made private , but the video was posted on YouTube and The Smoking Gun . Watch Jena 6 re-enactment " More than 500 people attended a forum held Tuesday night at the university in response to the video , a university statement said . "  The majority ... decided not to let the actions of a few define the entire student body . " Vice President of Student Affairs Wayne Brumfield told students "  there are no words to express the dismay at what happened in that video ... We 're here tonight because the action of one or two set our university in motion . " In a Tuesday interview with the News-Star , a tearful Smith denied being racist . "  This is so not me , " she said in the Wednesday article . "  It was n't that we were making fun of the Jena 6 incident . We were just fed up with it ... I have just as many black -LSB- friends -RSB- as I do white friends . " School administrators are reviewing the incident for possible disciplinary action from ULM 's Office of Judicial Affairs , university spokesperson Laura Harris said . Smith and another participant in the video are ULM students , Harris said . The beating of Barker followed an increase in racial tensions in Jena , Louisiana , including at least two fights , sparked originally when three white teens hung nooses from an oak tree on the grounds of the town 's high school . The six black teens arrested in the beating were initially charged with attempted murder . Those charges , later reduced and moved to juvenile court , focused nationwide attention on Jena and led about 15,000 protesters to the town to participate in a march on the youths ' behalf . Smith did not respond Thursday to an e-mail from CNN . Harris said she has left the ULM campus and returned home . Smith told the News-Star she has taken the video off her Facebook page and has apologized to Facebook groups and bloggers . She said she is getting threats that have prompted her to delete her e-mail address and has had to keep her cell phone off . "  My dad 's back home dying of cancer , and I ca n't call him , " she said . Brumfield told students at Tuesday 's forum that Smith "  is suffering terrible shame right now . " ULM asked Facebook and YouTube to remove the videos , Brumfield said , but it was still available on YouTube as of Thursday afternoon . Brumfield also created his own Facebook account to respond to the video . University President James Cofer has directed that educational materials be developed for students , especially freshmen , on cultural sensitivity and racial diversity , according to a university statement . "  We are naturally appalled , and we intend to face this matter directly by gathering our community together and exploring these difficult issues , " Cofer said in a statement . Students at the forum offered ideas for strengthening racial unity on the campus of about 8,500 students . "  What we 're doing here right now is a very important thing , " said Ma ` ya Blount , a ULM junior from New Orleans , according to a university statement on the forum . "  Racism does n't get resolved when people hush up about it and sweep it under the rug . It only gets resolved when we talk about it in an educated manner ... As long as we continue to do this , maybe 10 , 20 years from now , race wo n't be so much of an issue . We need to talk about it in a positive manner . We can only learn from this . " E-mail to a friend	Student tells News-Star of Monroe , Louisiana , she was n't making fun of "  Jena 6 " Kristy Smith posted tape on her Facebook page ; it has since been removed Hundreds meet on University of Louisiana-Monroe campus in response to video Six black students , dubbed "  Jena 6 , " accused of beating white student
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines passenger Matthew Harper says he was singled out because of his weight before a recent Chicago to Denver flight , told by a flight attendant that he could be removed from the aircraft , according to CNN affiliate KDVR . "  We 're people too . I get out and I work every day . You know , it 's discrimination , " said Harper , who weighs 340 pounds . "  We sincerely regret Mr. Harper 's unhappiness over his experience , " said Southwest in an e-mailed statement . "  We have personally called Mr. Harper to offer him our apologies and better understand his concerns . It 's important to clarify that he did travel as scheduled -- we did not deny him boarding . Our employee informed him of our policy , and he proceeded to travel as scheduled . " Airline squeeze : It 's not you , it 's the seat ! Southwest 's "  customer of size " policy suggests that customers purchase a second seat in advance if they know they 'll need it on the flight . The rule of thumb : not encroaching on "  any part " of the neighboring seats . "  The armrest is considered to be the definitive boundary between seats ; width between the armrests measures 17 inches . The purchase of additional seats serves as a notification to Southwest of a special seating need , and allows us to adequately plan for the number of seats that will be occupied on the aircraft . " The airline will refund the cost of the second seat after the flight . As airlines pack more passengers into their aircraft and charge for amenities like legroom and first-on-board boarding rights , how do you think people who do n't fit into those seats should be treated by the airlines ? Please share your comments below .	Airline passenger claims he was singled out for his weight Southwest Airlines offered its apologies to the passenger Southwest policy suggests purchase of a second ticket , refunded after flight
CNN  -- Under a blazing sun in early June , a group of pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine were digging amid pine woods near the town of Krazny Liman . Their grizzled commander was a bearded man in his 50s who would not tell us where he was from , but acknowledged that he was n't local . He was proud to show off his unit 's most prized possession -- a truck-mounted anti-aircraft unit that was Russian-made . He told us the weapon had been seized from a Ukrainian base . A few miles away , in the town of Kramatorsk , rebel fighters displayed two combat engineering tanks they said they had seized them from a local factory . Eastern Ukraine has long been a center of weapons production . They had parked one of the tanks next to the town square . These were just two instances of how the rebels in eastern Ukraine were steadily adding more sophisticated weapons to their armory , including tanks , multiple rocket launchers -- and anti-aircraft systems . In early June , they began to target Ukrainian planes and helicopters , with some success . The day after we met the commander in the pine woods , an Antonov AN-26 transport plane was brought down over nearby Slovyansk . Several Mi-8 and Mi-24 helicopters were also hit in this period , as was an Ilyushin IL-76 cargo plane near Luhansk -- it is about the size of a passenger jet . Forty-nine military personnel were killed when the IL-76 crashed short of the airport . For the most part , these aircraft were flying at relatively low altitudes , and were targeted by shoulder-launched SA-7 missiles and anti-aircraft guns . The pro-Russian rebels had taken control of several Ukrainian military depots and bases and stripped them of their weapons . The SA-7 was standard Soviet issue . Relatively easy to operate , it is effective to altitudes of some 2,500 meters  8,000 feet  . But it and ZU 23-2 anti-aircraft batteries , which rebel units also obtained , are a world away from the SA-11 or "  Buk " system that seems increasingly likely to have been used to shoot down Flight MH17 on Thursday . Stealing a Buk Could the pro-Russian rebels have acquired a serviceable Buk from a Ukrainian base and operated it ? The evidence is circumstantial ; a great deal of Ukrainian military hardware is in poor condition or redundant . But on June 29 , rebels raided the Ukrainian army 's A-1402 missile facility near Donetsk . Photographs show them examining what they found . The Russian website Vosti ran an article the same day titled "  Skies of Donetsk will be defended by surface-to-air missile system Buk . " The article claimed : "  The anti-air defense point is one of the divisions of the missile corps and is equipped with motorized "  Buk " anti-aircraft missile systems . " Peter Felstead , an expert on former Soviet military hardware at Janes IHS , says that "  the Buk is in both the Russian and Ukrainian inventories , but it 's unclear whether the one suspected in the shoot-down was taken by rebels when they overran a Ukrainian base , or was supplied by Russia . " He told CNN that the Buk "  would normally operate with a separate radar that picks up the overall air picture . This was almost certainly not the case with MH17 , " making it more difficult to identify the target and track its course . Among the pro-Russian rebels are fighters who served in the Russian army . It is possible that some were familiar with the Buk , but Felstead agrees with the U.S. and Ukrainian assessment that Russian expertise would have been needed to operate it . "  The system needs a crew of about four who know what they 're doing . To operate the Buk correctly , Russian assistance would have been required unless the rebel operators were defected air defense operators - which is unlikely . " It is now the "  working theory " in the U.S. intelligence community that the Russian military supplied a Buk surface-to-air missile system to the rebels , a senior US defense official told CNN Friday . Russia has denied that any equipment in service with the Russian armed forces has crossed the border into Ukraine . And Aleksander Borodai , the self-described prime minister of the Donetsk People 's Republic , said Saturday his forces did not have weapons capable of striking an aircraft at such a high altitude . But someone in the border region where eastern Ukraine meets Russia has been using an advanced anti-air missile system . Late Wednesday , the day before MH17 was presumably hit , a Ukrainian air force Sukhoi Su-25 combat jet was shot down close to the border with Russia . The Ukrainian Defense Ministry told CNN that the plane was flying at 6,200-6 ,500 meters  about 21,000 feet  and was hit near a town called Amvrosiivka , which is only some 30 kilometers  20 miles  from where MH17 was hit and 15 kilometers  10 miles  from the border with Russia . The Ukrainian military alleged the missile had been fired from Russian territory . It was the first time that a combat jet flying at high speed had been hit and came two days after an AN-26 -- flying at a similar altitude in the same area -- was shot down further north , in the Luhansk area . Smuggling on the black roads The Russian Defense Ministry said Friday that weapons could not be smuggled across the border "  secretly . " But they can . By early June , rebels controlled several crossings along a stretch of border more than 200 kilometers  125 miles  long . The border area is open farmland that was neither patrolled regularly nor even marked in many places . Dozens of unmonitored tracks known as black roads -- because they have been used for smuggling -- cross the border . Additionally , the Ukrainian border guard service was in disarray after an attack on its command center in Luhansk early in June . On the road east toward the border through the town of Antratsyt there was no sign of a Ukrainian military or police presence . The pro-Russian rebels had already begun to bring across heavy weapons at that point . A CNN team visited the border post at Marynivka in June , soon after a five-hour firefight involving border guards and members of the self-declared Vostok battalion of rebels who had been trying to bring over two Russian armored personnel carriers . They had been abandoned during the battle . The unknowns are these : Just how much weaponry has been brought in from Russia , how was it obtained , and did it include the SA-11 Buk ? In June , the U.S. State Department claimed that three T-64 tanks , several rocket launchers and other military vehicles had crossed the Russian border . Ukraine made similar accusations , saying the weapons had gone to Snezhnoe , a rebel stronghold close to where MH17 came down . The State Department said the tanks had been in storage in south-west Russia , suggesting collusion between the Russian authorities -- at some level -- and the rebels . It said at the time that the equipment held at the storage site also included "  multiple rocket launchers , artillery , and air defense systems . " It added , notably , that "  more advanced air defense systems have also arrived at this site . " Moscow rejected the claims as fake . NATO has also released satellite images which , it said , showed tanks in the Rostov-on-Don region in Russia early in June , before they were taken to eastern Ukraine . The tanks had no markings . Even so , some experts , such as Mark Galeotti at New York University 's Center for Global Affairs , say the evidence is largely circumstantial . NATO 's images did not show the tanks actually crossing into Ukraine . Wherever they came from , Russian language websites soon featured calls for people with military skills to call a number associated with the separatist Donetsk People 's Republic if they could help operate or maintain the tanks . One answered , "  I served in the military engineering academy ... and am a former commander in the intelligence . " But the separatists ' greatest vulnerability was always from the air . The Ukrainians had already shown , in driving them away from the Donetsk airport at the end of May , that they could use airpower to devastating effect . And they had begun to fly at higher altitudes to avoid shoulder-launched missiles . To hold what remained of their territory , the pro-Russian rebels needed to be able to challenge Ukrainian dominance of the skies . Whether they received help from across the border to do so , and in what way , is the question that governments around the world want answered .	Rebels have downed Ukrainian planes flying at high altitudes A pro-Russian rebel commander shows off anti-aircraft missiles The border region with Russia is very porous , unguarded in many places Some contend that larger weapons have come into Ukraine from Russia
Washington  CNN  -- A 24-year-old Baltimore man was arrested at a major airport last week after 13 knives were discovered in his carry-on bag , authorities said Thursday . The man , who said he collected knives , was charged with three counts relating to possessing knives in an airport , authorities said . He was not charged with any terror-related counts . The incident occurred about 5:45 p.m. last Thursday at Baltimore-Washington International Airport near Baltimore . Police identified the traveler as Amr Gamal Shedid , 24 . Shedid was charged with one count of possession of a dangerous concealed weapon , one count of carrying an unauthorized weapon into an airport and one count of interfering with security procedures of the airport , said Sgt. Kirk Perez of the Maryland Transportation Authority Police . Perez said the third count is a standard charge in incidents of this nature . As of Thursday , Shedid was being held at the Anne Arundel County Detention Center in Annapolis , Maryland , on $ 10,000 bail , which was increased at a bail hearing this week from $ 2,600 . Jail personnel did not have the name of Shedid 's attorney .	The man was arrested last week at Baltimore-Washington International Airport He told authorities he collects knives
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration proposed a $ 2.75 million civil penalty against Boeing Co. on Friday for allegedly using certain parts in 777 construction that did not meet standards and repeatedly missing deadlines to address related quality control issues . "  Safety is our top priority and a robust quality control system is a vital part of maintaining the world 's safest air transportation system , " Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement . The FAA said Boeing 's commercial aircraft division took more than two years after learning about quality control gaps involving fasteners in 777 construction to fully address the problem . Metal fasteners were used in a number of areas , including to attach the wing skin to the wing structures , the FAA said . The issue did not present an immediate concern for the safety of the plane but manufacturers agree to follow rigid FAA standards when a plane is certified , and that includes rules on parts . A workhorse aircraft , the twin-engine 777 -- or "  Triple Seven " -- is flown by airlines worldwide . Problems began in 2008 when the FAA said Boeing discovered it had been installing fasteners that did not meet government standards on the long-haul jets . It stopped using them immediately , but some of the underlying manufacturing concerns persisted . The FAA said Boeing repeatedly granted itself extensions and then missed the deadlines , ultimately not acting on a comprehensive fix until 2010 . "  Manufacturers must make it a priority to identify and correct quality problems in a timely manner , " said FAA Administrator Michael Huerta . This was the second major FAA civil penalty proposal against Boeing in as many years for missing deadlines . The agency proposed a $ 13.5 million fine in 2012 over the company 's alleged failure to provide information to airlines about reducing fuel tank flammability . That case grew out of the mid-air explosion that brought down TWA Flight 800 in 1996 . The FAA also grounded Boeing 's 787 Dreamliners in January due to battery related fire risk . Boeing had to address regulatory safety concerns before those planes could fly again . The world 's largest aircraft manufacturer said in a statement that it takes "  any concern about safety , compliance and conformity very seriously , " but depicted the case raised on Friday as an old "  administrative issue " that has been settled . Boeing said its response includes a robust database for tracking potential problems , additional management oversight and communication with the FAA to ensure that any concerns are resolved in a timely manner . "  We are working closely with the FAA to ensure we understand and address any remaining concerns with this proposed penalty , " Boeing said , promising a formal response within the 30-day period allowed by the government . The term "  fastener " in aviation describes any number of items , including bolts , rivets and other items used in assembling planes . The FAA did not specify the type of fastener in this case , but said the parts that did not conform with its standards were manufactured between 1993 and 2008 . Aircraft manufacturers use hundreds of thousands of fasteners during construction .	Proposed penalty involves alleged shortcomings in quality control FAA found issues with certain parts used in production of the 777 jet Boeing has corrected the problem , but the FAA says it took two years NEW : Boeing says its fix was comprehensive ; promises a formal response within 30 days
CNN  -- The FBI is analyzing an audio recording that might give more clues about Michael Brown 's shooting . Federal investigators have obtained the audio and are questioning the man who says he inadvertently recorded audio of gunfire at the time Brown was shot by Ferguson , Missouri , police on August 9 , the man 's attorney told CNN . It could be the newest piece in the larger puzzle of exactly what happened in the moments before the 18-year-old 's death . The man , who wants to remain anonymous , was talking to someone on a video chat service and happened to record the conversation , his attorney Lopa Blumenthal said . A quick series of shots can be heard on the recording , followed by a pause and then another quick succession of shots . "  At the time he did n't even realize the import of what he was hearing until afterwards and it just happened to have captured 12 seconds of what transpired outside of his building , " said Blumenthal . The man lives near the site of the shooting and was close enough to have heard the gunshots , she said . Forensic audio expert Paul Ginsberg analyzed the recording and said he detected at least 10 gunshots -- a cluster of six , followed by four . "  I was very concerned about that pause ... because it 's not just the number of gunshots , it 's how they 're fired , " Blumenthal told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  And that has a huge relevance on how this case might finally end up . " She said she learned of the recording late last week from a mutual friend . "  I had to get his consent before I could reach out to the FBI , " Blumenthal said . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the tape and has asked the FBI for confirmation of their interview with the man who made the recording . The meaning of the pause It 's difficult to prove from the audio why the pause took place or whose narrative it supports . Attorney Chris Chestnut said he was surprised by the gap in shots . "  It 's the pause that gives most concern in a police shooting , especially with an unarmed victim , because at this point Mr. Brown is defenseless -- he has no weapon , " said Chestnut , who represented the family of Jonathan Ferrell . Like Brown , Ferrell was an unarmed African-American man who was shot and killed by a white police officer . But if the gunfire heard on the audio is indeed from the Brown incident , the pause does n't automatically suggest wrongful intent by the officer . "  To be fair , there could be other explanations for that pause , " said attorney Van Jones , co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire . " "  Maybe the officer will say , ` Well , I fired and he kept advancing , so I fired again . ' " Witnesses and a friend of Officer Darren Wilson have given conflicting accounts of what led up to Brown 's death . Dueling narratives in Michael Brown shooting Dorian Johnson , who was walking with Brown at the time of the shooting , said the officer shot Brown once by the police car and again as he ran away . According to Johnson , Brown was struck in the back and then turned around and put his arms up as the officer kept shooting . But a woman who identified herself as a friend of Wilson called in to a St. Louis radio show last week with what she said was the officer 's version of events . The caller , who identified herself only as "  Josie , " said Brown taunted the officer and charged at him . Her account matches what Wilson has told investigators , a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN . An autopsy showed Brown had six gunshot wounds , all in the front of his body . Will autopsy shed any light on what happened ? Key witness speaks out Ferguson police said Brown allegedly robbed a convenience store shortly before the shooting . And reports that his friend Johnson had a criminal record that includes lying to police has put Johnson 's credibility in question . In 2011 , Johnson was arrested and accused of theft and lying to police about his first name , age and address . Johnson said Monday night he does n't understand why some are questioning his credibility . "  I see they bring up my past , my history , but it 's not like it 's a long rap sheet , " Johnson told Lemon . "  This one incident should n't make me a bad person . " Michael Brown 's funeral : Hope , tears and a call for social change Complete coverage CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Tina Burnside , Julian Cummings and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A forensic audio expert says at least 10 shots are fired in the recording Lawyer : The FBI questioned a man whose audio might contain the Michael Brown shooting The audio was recorded during a video chat with a friend CNN can not independently confirm whether the shots heard were from the Brown incident
CNN  -- A Russian space freighter carrying cargo to the International Space Station has crashed in a remote area of Siberia , Russian emergency officials said Wednesday . The unmanned Progress cargo craft , which launched at 7 p.m. in Kazakhstan  9 a.m. ET  from the Baikonur Cosmodrome , was due to dock with the ISS on Friday . Rescue teams have been dispatched to the crash site of the Progress-M12M , the regional branch of the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry told CNN . Officials could not immediately confirm whether the crash might have caused any damage on the ground . Russia 's Interfax news agency reported that the rocket had come down in the Altai region . Earlier on Wednesday , Russian government space agency Roscosmos reported that the cargo ship had deviated from its planned trajectory shortly after takeoff , failing to reach the target orbit , and had disappeared from radars . "  The engine system 's erratic functioning and its subsequent breakdown occurred during the operation of the third stage at the 325th second of the flight of the Soyuz-U carrier rocket with the Progress M-12M resupply vehicle , " Roscosmos said in a statement . The spacecraft was to deliver more than 3.5 tonnes  about 3.85 U.S. tons  of cargo to the crew of the ISS now orbiting the Earth , Roscosmos said . The load included food supplies , medical equipment , personal hygiene items , as well as scientific equipment needed for experiments aboard the ISS , according to space officials . There are currently six astronauts at the ISS -- three from Russia , two from the United States and one from Japan . "  The situation with the loss of the Progress is not good , of course , but there are stocks of necessities aboard the ISS to support the cosmonauts that will be sufficient to last out until the arrival of the next Progress " cargo ship , Russia 's Space Mission Control executive Vladimir Solovyov told Russia 's Interfax news agency . "  The cosmonauts wo n't have to save on food-stuffs , " he said . Another Progress freighter is scheduled to launch on October 28 , Solovyov said . Space experts said Wednesday 's crash was the first failure of a Progress cargo unit in more than 30 years of operation . However , it is the second failed space launch in Russia in less than 10 days . On August 18 , Russia lost a sophisticated Express-AM4 telecommunications satellite when the launch vehicle put it into the wrong orbit . In the latest incident , Mission Control Houston said it had received a report of an "  off-nominal situation " during the Progress rocket 's third and final stage . NASA spokesman Rob Navias , at the Johnson Space Center in Houston told CNN that contact with the space craft had been lost about three minutes before it was to reach orbit . He said the six people currently living on the ISS are "  well supplied -- actually oversupplied " since the delivery of goods by the final U.S. shuttle mission , carried out by Atlantis last month . NASA is now reliant on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit , since the grounding of the U.S. shuttle fleet has left the United States with no way to lift humans into space . Plans are in the works for private companies to begin shipping cargo to the station , and eventually to carry astronauts as well . Progress-series space freighters have been the backbone of Russian space cargo operations for decades , Russian news agency RIA Novosti reports . In addition to taking supplies to the ISS , they have been used to carry out scientific experiments and help adjust the space station 's orbit , the agency reports . The Johnson Space Center in Texas is home to NASA 's astronaut corps and trains astronauts from the United States and other nations . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian space chief says the six people aboard the ISS have enough food to last The unmanned rocket crashed in a remote area of Siberia , emergency officials say The Progress cargo freighter was taking supplies to the International Space Station NASA 's 30-year-old space shuttle program came to an end last month
CNN  -- Gunmen abducted two American citizens along with their Filipino relative from a southern Philippines island Tuesday , police said . At about 3 a.m. , 14 armed men snatched Gerfa Yeatts Lunsmann , 43 , her son , Kevin , 14 , and Lunsmann 's Filipino nephew , Romnick Jakaria , 19 , said Nonito Asbai , the area 's police chief inspector . Police and the Filipino navy have launched search operations , Asbai said . The victims were forced at gunpoint to board awaiting boats , which then sped toward the troubled island of Basilan , a stronghold of the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf . No one , however , has claimed responsibility for the abduction or asked for a ransom . Jakaria 's cousin , Alma Jakaria , said Lunsmann was adopted by Americans when she was 9 and grew up in Virginia . She married a German citizen and had her son , Kevin . Both she and Kevin are U.S. passport holders . Police suspect the son attracted attention because of his distinctive mixed-race looks in an area with few foreign tourists . The three were vacationing in Tictabon and were supposed to have returned to the capital , Manila , later Tuesday , Alma Jakaria said . Basilan serves as a base for Abu Sayyaf , which wants to establish a separate state for the Philippines ' minority Muslim population . The U.S. State Department considers it a terrorist organization and says it is linked to al Qaeda . The Philippine government has been fighting to contain the militants . Abu Sayyaf has been blamed for terrorist attacks in the Philippines , including the 2004 bombing of a ferry that left about 130 people dead as well as past kidnappings . CNN affiliate ABS-CBN 's Queenie Casimiro contributed to this report .	The two Americans were abducted with a Filipino relative The three were forced onto awaiting boats , police say They headed toward Basilan , a stronghold for militants
CNN  -- Recently , a young Nigerian girl -- just 15 years old -- approached a group of police officers and blew herself up . The attack failed ; she claimed no lives but her own . Boko Haram may have launched bloodier attacks , but I struggle to imagine a more heinous terror plot . That girl was just one of four Nigerian women to weaponize themselves this July in the populous northern city of Kano . The second attempt , targeting a shopping mall , likewise killed just the bomber . The third slaughtered three women lined up to buy oil for their cook-stoves . The fourth cut short the lives of six young people at Kano Polytechnic . These attacks cast in sharp relief a trend that needs greater attention : the real and growing participation of women in extremist movements . We take for granted that young girls do n't strap on suicide vests , and yet they sometimes do . Women and girls have scant rights under the medieval control of the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham , or ISIS . Our instincts say they would never join in its abusive rule over other women , and yet they have . We 're used to thinking that men have a monopoly on violent extremism -- except they do n't . We need a better understanding of what drives women to take part in , and even give their lives for , violent movements that insist on their inferiority . We ca n't counter radical narratives if we do n't understand the motives of the radicalized . The Atlantic 's Kathy Gilsinan recently highlighted the surprising efforts of the al-Khansaa Brigade of ISIS . Wandering the streets of Raqqa , they wave firearms and enforce the jihadist code of conduct -- and they do it all while fully veiled , because the brigade is entirely female . That grim vision of women 's participation challenges our less-than-nuanced understanding of radical movements . Why do women contribute to groups like Boko Haram and ISIS that demand their submission ? Sometimes , no doubt , they are coerced into compliance ; sometimes , women participate in these extreme ideologies with enthusiasm . I wonder if some do n't strap on a bomb as a merciful escape from miserable circumstances . But the important point is that we do n't really know why women join terror groups that would deny them equality and opportunity . We also do n't understand the full extent of women 's involvement . We do n't know if Boko Haram 's female bombers were a fluke or the first of many . We do n't know if the al-Khansaa Brigade is a one-off experiment or a model for future ISIS governance . We have seen , though , that jihadists use women to exploit incomplete understandings of terrorism . Women pass unsuspected where men do n't ; that makes them valuable fighters . We ca n't thwart every attack while watching just half the pieces on the board . Though women 's involvement in terror seems to be on the rise , the tactic is old . Gillo Pontecorvo 's 1966 film "  The Battle of Algiers " lingered on the image of female militants applying French cosmetics -- equal parts war paint and camouflage -- while preparing to bomb French milk bars in support of Algeria 's independence struggle . Sri Lanka 's Tamil insurgency made extensive use of female suicide bombers ; between 1987 and 2008 , women were better represented among their Black Tiger suicide commandos than they now are in either house of the United States Congress . Today , social media is rife with female supporters of ISIS -- some of them Western citizens who have traveled to Syria to wed and support jihadists . It 's time to wake up to the growing role of women . Terror groups clearly believe that jihad is a women 's issue . The recruitment of women and girls is an important element of the modern threat landscape . In the pursuit of women 's equality at home and abroad , we still struggle to complete what former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton referred to as "  the great unfinished business of the 21st century . " If the United States is to offer a narrative of opportunity to the world -- and strategically it must -- then that narrative must include women and girls . Terror groups will run out of female fighters when girls are protected from domineering violence , sex trafficking and child marriage , and given every opportunity to pursue a better path . Some critics of Clinton 's tenure at the State Department have belittled her focus on women and girls -- as if the fate of half the world 's population were n't an important subject for U.S. foreign policy . That indifference ca n't last . Increasingly , radicalism has a female face . Security issues are women 's issues ; women 's issues , sure enough , are security issues .	Jane Harman : A series of attacks in Nigeria by female suicide bombers is alarming Harman : Increasingly , radicalism has a female face She asks : What drives women to take part in terrorism and extremist movements ? Harman : Security issues are more and more intertwined with women 's issues
CNN  -- Here 's a reason to be hopeful if you ever find yourself stuck on a desert island : sending a message in a bottle could actually work . Just ask Corey Swearingen . A teenager in Ireland recently found the bottle and message he tossed off the Florida coast last year . "  I was excited and amazed that my bottle traveled all the way across the Atlantic Ocean , " said Swearingen , 18 . But Swearingen 's message was n't an SOS . It was part of an experiment in his marine science class at Florida 's Melbourne High School that started 16 months ago . "  The goal was to basically see how the ocean currents work and how the Gulf Stream flows , and eventually it landed in Ireland , " he said . Swearingen says 17-year-old Adam Flannery and his father made the discovery . "  He was walking along the shore , and he saw the bottle and opened it , " Swearingen said . "  The message said , ` Please do not throw this away . This is a science experiment . ' " The note directed the pair to contact science teacher Ethan Hall , which they did . By this time , Swearingen had graduated from high school and was attending Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton , Florida . Hall tracked him down through Facebook and sent him a message with the incredible news . Swearingen said he had yet to speak with the Irish duo who found the bottle , but was looking forward to hearing their take on the find . This is not the first time Hall 's experiment has proven successful , according to Swearingen . People in Georgia , South Carolina and Rhode Island have discovered bottles from other students in Hall 's class . Still , Swearingen did n't expect anyone would ever find his bottle . But he said the fact that it travelled thousands of miles ensured he learned a lesson from the experiment -- more than a year after taking part in it . "  I learned that the Gulf Stream goes really , really far away , " he said .	A Florida teenager says people in Ireland found a bottle he threw into the ocean The bottle is part of a high school science experiment Other students ' bottles have been found in Georgia , South Carolina and Rhode Island
Washington  CNN  -- Internships can be crucial career-builders . But what if you ca n't afford to work for free all summer ? Jessica Padron of Nevada may have found the solution . After securing a prestigious unpaid student internship in the office of Senate leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , she has begun a crowdfunding appeal online . She is asking donors to help pay for her housing , transportation , and food , which she estimates will cost her $ 6,500 over the four months in the capital . "  If I do n't reach my goal , " she writes in her appeal , "  I will be forced to relinquish this opportunity and miss out on this once in a lifetime chance . " As of Tuesday , online donors had already chipped in enough for half of her costs . Some observers say there is some irony here , given that plenty of lawmakers are pushing to raise the minimum wage , yet do n't pay a cent to some of their hardest workers . "  Of everybody in the federal government , only Congress is allowed to use unpaid interns , " says Eric Glatt , a former unpaid intern who is now an activist with the Fair Pay Campaign . "  They have explicitly written an exemption for themselves into the law . " And it 's not just Congress . Private employers in Washington and across the country can offer internships without pay .  Disclosure : CNN pays its interns . Glatt warns that because only affluent students can afford to work for free , many students will be denied a crucial career experience . "  It is excluding the vast majority of people who can not afford to work for free , or have their parents afford for their children to work for free , " he said . "  It also promotes inequality . " Glatt worked for free as an intern on the movie "  Black Swan , " but later successfully sued the movie studio , claiming that it was not fair that he was paid nothing . "  Employers think that if they slap the word intern on a job then they do n't have to pay for it , " he said . "  Why do people think they can get away with this ? " But at a time of elevated unemployment , and government spending cuts , it may be difficult to persuade employers to pay minimum wage . And requiring all interns to be paid could have a downside , according to Michael Saltsman at the Employment Policies Institute . "  If we mandate that all internships must be paid , and then we have fewer internships , I do n't think that helps anyone , " he said . Plus , he said , while internships often involve menial work , they also provide valuable experience and interesting work , and should not be jeopardized with new requirements . "  These are internships that dozens or hundreds of people would really pine for . " Indeed , one intern , with the publication "  The Daily Caller , " had a chance to ask a question at the daily White House briefing last month . And several interns for news outlets became famous during the live coverage of the Supreme Court 's biggest decisions in June , as they sprinted out of the court holding the papers that announced how the court ruled on the Civil Rights Act and same-sex marriage . The spectacle was nicknamed "  The Running of the Interns . " And the value of internships on a resume is something undergraduates are keenly aware of . "  All I hear from the career center at school is , internships are almost a necessary thing , " says Emma Dolson , a student at Wake Forest , who scored a  paid  internship with a lobbying firm in D.C. "  Your resume needs to have internships on it or you are way , way behind , " she said .	One intern turns to web to raise money to cover housing , food costs Congress only area of government allowed to have unpaid interns But private employers can offer similar work without pay Value of internships on a resume is something students are keenly aware of
CNN  -- Overshadowed by its bigger , flashier neighbors , Paraguay is a curious country that 's overlooked by visitors who flock to South American destinations like Buenos Aires , Rio de Janeiro and the highlands of the Andes . For those who visit nearby nations , though , Paraguay 's subtropical forests , broad rivers and unusual history can make it an intriguing detour . Surrounded by Brazil , Argentina and Bolivia , this landlocked nation is larger than a glance at the map suggests . It 's roughly the size of California but has only about 6.7 million residents , at least 3 million fewer than Los Angeles County . Taste Paraguay 's delicious mistake The Rio Paraguay divides the country into roughly equal halves . Most of the population lives in the eastern half , about a third of them in the riverside capital city of Asuncion . To the west , the Gran Chaco area is a mostly grassy plain , brutally hot in summer , punctuated with marshes , savannas and thorn forests . Thinly populated with ranchers and Amerindians , the west is also home to German-speaking Mennonite colonies near the Bolivian border . It 's tempting to say that Paraguay is unspoiled by tourists , and that would be true ; most visitors come from neighboring countries , with whom the nation warred in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . Now , despite ups and downs in the quarter-century since notorious dictator Alfredo Stroessner fell from power , Paraguay has become a more welcoming place . In the absence of mass tourism , it 's a place where closer contact and the lack of preconceptions can lead to memorable , even intimate , experiences at underrated sites . Arrivals from North America or Europe are a relative novelty , to be treated with courtesy and respect . Here are 14 things to know about this little-known country : ¿ Habla usted Guarani ? Paraguay is Latin America 's most bilingual country , as nearly 90 % of all Paraguayans speak both Spanish and indigenous Guarani . It is the only country in the region with a large percentage of nonindigenous citizens who speak an indigenous language . There are at least a dozen other native languages , but none approaches Guarani 's prevalence . An evolving capital Paraguay 's sprawling riverside capital , Asuncion , is the hub of its political , commercial and cultural life . Unlike most of South America 's capitals , it 's a relatively low-rise city where shade is at a premium , except on some lushly landscaped plazas . It was founded in 1537 , and its grid pattern is typical of the earliest Spanish settlements , but there are few remaining colonial buildings . The most notable structures , such as the government palace and the shrine to those who perished in battle , date from the 19th century . The government 's house Asuncion 's counterpart to the White House is the Palacio de los Lopez , a neoclassical building intended for the dynasty that ruled the country for decades in the mid-19th century . The Lopez family did n't survive the War of the Triple Alliance , when they foolishly took on Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay in a bid to dominate the region . Still , their political successors have occupied the palace ever since . Shrine to warriors In downtown Asuncion , protected by an honor guard , the Panteon de los Heroes is a domed neoclassical shrine housing the remains of the figures who led their country into disastrous conflict with neighboring countries . Started in the 1860s , before the War of the Triple Alliance , it was n't finished until 1936 , after the Chaco War with Bolivia . A couple of unknown soldiers are a token presence . Picturing diversity Paraguay has a rich indigenous heritage , not just from its Guarani past and present but also thanks to the smaller but diverse Amerindian populations from the Gran Chaco region that overlaps western Paraguay . Asuncion 's Museo Etnografico Andres Barbero has a strong collection of historic photographs but also displays tools , ceramics and weavings from all regions of the country . Avant art In its isolation , Paraguay may give the impression of provincialism , but Asuncion has a lively contemporary art scene showcased at many galleries and the Museo del Barro , which displays avant-garde works by Paraguayan , Spanish and other Latin American artists under optimum conditions  no easy feat in this hot , humid climate  . The museum also features folk art collections from the 17th century to the present and more strictly indigenous artifacts from Paraguay 's native peoples . Spiderweb lace One of Paraguay 's iconic crafts is nanduti , the embroidered lace that probably arrived from the Spanish island of Tenerife . The word itself , meaning "  spiderweb " in the Guarani language , aptly describes the weavers ' geometric patterns but not the rainbow of colors that embellish their designs . Sopa Paraguaya A common traditional dish , "  Paraguayan soup " is n't quite what its name would suggest . Rather , it 's cornbread flavored with cheese and onion , among other ingredients .  Check out Eatocracy 's recipe . Legend says its odd moniker stems from a mistake by 19th-century dictator Carlos Antonio Lopez 's cook , who accidentally added excessive corn flour to a more liquid lunchtime dish . Fortunately for the cook , Lopez liked the results . Terere Related to the common holly , cultivated on plantations throughout the region , mate  pronounced "  mahtay "  or "  Paraguayan tea " is popular among Argentines , Uruguayans and even southern Brazilians , who imbibe prodigious amounts of their favorite infusion . Some like it hot , but Paraguayans prefer it chilled in the suffocating summer heat . An early Jesuit missionary claimed that mate "  improves the appetite , speedily counteracts the languor arising from the burning climate , and assuages both hunger and thirst . " Villa Hayes Historically , Latin Americans are skeptical of the United States and its politicians , but Rutherford B. Hayes is a Paraguayan hero . After the 19th-century War of the Triple Alliance against Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay , this otherwise obscure U.S. president awarded the Gran Chaco -- now more than half of Paraguay 's territory -- to Asuncion instead of Buenos Aires . Both Argentina and Paraguay sent diplomats to Washington for Hayes ' binding arbitration . Paraguayan President Candido Bareiro renamed the former town of Villa Occidental , across the river from Asuncion , in Hayes ' honor . The surrounding county , a school  with a monument  and the local soccer team also bear his name .  In Hayes ' hometown of Delaware , Ohio , a gas station occupies the site of his birthplace  . Foundry in the forest Southeast of Asuncion , recovering subtropical forest blankets the compact and relatively small but verdant Parque Nacional Ybycui . Ybycui offers creekside trails , waterfalls and droves of metallic blue butterflies . Howler monkeys are harder to spot but easier to hear . The park is also a historical site for the iron foundry destroyed by Brazilian forces in the War of the Triple Alliance , a severe blow to Paraguay 's war effort . Cinematic ruins Along the easterly Rio Parana , which forms much of the border with Brazil and Argentina , 17th - and 18th-century Jesuit evangelists and their Guarani converts built a string of missions that provided the background for Roland Joffe 's award-winning film "  The Mission . " Best known of the bunch is Argentina 's San Ignacio Mini , but Paraguay 's Mision Jesus de Tavarangue and Mision la Santisima Trinidad de Parana , near the southern city of Encarnacion , are almost equally well-preserved ruins . Strictly speaking , Mision Jesus is not a ruin ; rather , it was an incomplete construction when Spain expelled the Jesuits from the New World in 1767 . Smuggler central ? Near the "  Triple Border " with Argentina and Brazil , not far from the famous Iguazu Falls , Ciudad del Este is a chaos of consumerist commerce . For street bazaars that barely leave room for a single pedestrian to pass , Brazilian bargain-hunters flock across the bridge for knockoff Rolexes and the like . One local "  businessman , " though , observed that the regional Mercosur common market could mean that "  we will no longer be able to live by smuggling products and will have to begin producing things . " Bruderliebe ? In the vastness of the Gran Chaco , about 280 miles  450 km  northwest of Asuncion via a paved highway , Filadelfia is the administrative center of Colonia Fernheim , a settlement of pacifist Mennonites who arrived from the Soviet Union in the 1930s . Of the area 's several Mennonite colonies , this is the most outgoing , especially if German  preferably Plautdietsch or Low German  is your language of brotherly love . Wayne Bernhardson is the author of Moon Handbooks to Argentina , Buenos Aires , Chile and Patagonia , and the National Geographic guide to Argentina . He resides in Oakland , California , but spends four to five months every year in southern South America .	Paraguay 's subtropical forests , broad rivers and unusual history can make it an intriguing detour Nearly 90 % of Paraguayans speak Spanish and indigenous Guarani A common traditional dish , Paraguayan soup is n't quite what its name would suggest
CNN  -- A truck-bomb explosion has killed at least 13 people in the capital of Afghanistan 's Logar province , a provincial spokesman said . The attack Saturday night killed four civilians and several militants , including members of the Pakistani Taliban and an affiliated group , said Din Mohammad Darwis , the spokesman . It happened in Pul e Alam , in central Afghanistan .	A truck-bomb attack has killed 13 people It happened in central Afghanistan
More than a decade after that dreadful day , 9/11 memories are still fresh for me . The intense , flesh-cutting urgency of the pain has diminished . I am no longer a grieving mother . I have learned to live with the loss of my son , Mohammad Salman Hamdani . But I am still waiting for justice . What I want is not complicated -- a recognition that , when Salman died beneath the rubble that day , he died as a first responder . His name should be reflected that way at the 9/11 Memorial , properly listed among the other first responders who rushed bravely toward the flames . On that terrible day , my husband Saleem and I could not know where Salman was . Nor could his brothers , Adnaan and Zeshan , know what had become of their Bhaijaan , the Urdu word for a beloved and revered elder brother . As anyone who lost a loved one on 9/11 knows , that uncertainty was cruel and crushing . We could n't know it then , but what had happened to Salman that morning , along with the events of the following months , changed everything for our family , bringing unbearable pain into our lives and suddenly making us public persons . In the months before 9/11 , Salman had served as a cadet in the New York Police Department . He was also a trained emergency technician . At the time of his death , he was working as a lab analyst at Rockefeller University 's Howard Hughes Medical Institute , on Manhattan 's Upper East Side . He was working there because it was a path toward becoming a doctor . Salman was determined to keep trying to get into medical school . If he could n't , he planned to join the NYPD and work toward becoming a detective , using his scientific skills . It was a momentous time of decision in his life . Opinion : After 9/11 , how we honored our son 's memory On that crisp and glorious morning , I drove away from our home in Bayside , Queens . I dropped off Zeshan at Queensborough Community College , then continued on to Catherine & Count Basie Middle School 72 , where I taught English . When Zeshan and I left the house , at about 7:15 , Salman was still sleeping . He had been up much of the evening , first polishing up his medical school application , then providing medical care to his father , who was feeling ill . Finally , Salman went up to bed at 3 a.m. in the bedroom he shared with Zeshan . After Zeshan and I had left , Salman would have pursued his usual routine , catching a bus and then the 7 train to Manhattan . As we have since deduced , he must have seen the flames at the World Trade Center from the elevated train , then rushed downtown to try to help . Clearly , he did not make that decision and take that fatal detour as a lab analyst , but as the first responder he was trained to be . In the months that followed , in addition to uncertainty about Salman , our family had to endure suspicion pointed at him . Before anyone knew where he was , a flyer circulated around the city , saying that my son was wanted for questioning . And the New York Post ran a story with Salman 's photo and this hateful headline : "  Missing -- Or Hiding ? " It was n't until late March that the police told us that Salman 's remains had been found beneath the pile -- in 34 pieces . Ultimately , what we would get to bury was nothing more than a body bag filled with all that was left of our son . At Salman 's funeral , the many mourners included Mayor Michael Bloomberg , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and our congressman , Gary Ackerman . The Patriot Act , enacted in response to the terror attacks , specifically refers to Salman as a 9/11 hero . Yet , at the 9/11 Memorial , his name is grouped among the miscellaneous victims , not among the first responders who sacrificed their lives , where it belongs . Salman responded to the call of duty , transcending the barriers of race , faith and ethnicity . Yet , sadly , he is not getting his due place in history . Salman is not here to defend himself . But I will speak for him . He is my strength , and I am his voice .	Talat Hamdani : My son , Mohammad Salman Hamdani , was killed on 9/11 Hamdani : What I want is a recognition that he died as a first responder Given his training and aspirations , he rushed bravely to help those at WTC , she says Hamdani : Salman 's name should be reflected and listed on the 9/11 Memorial
CNN  -- Adam Silver has been NBA commissioner for only a few months . A few relatively controversy-free months . Now -- with the longtime owner of a top team alleged to have made racist remarks in a recorded conversation posted on a celebrity-focused website -- Silver is stepping down a new road . Only one owner has been suspended in 68 years . That was Minnesota 's Glen Taylor in 2000 , when the Timberwolves made a secret deal with a star player to circumvent salary cap rules . The league has never forced an owner to give up his team . Should Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling face either of those punishments for the recording that TMZ.com says is him talking to his girlfriend V. Stiviano ? First , the NBA says , it will investigate the matter to determine whether the recorded conversation is authentic , whether it is actually Sterling and whether it has been edited or manipulated . "  All members of the NBA family should be afforded due process and a fair opportunity to present their side of any controversy , which is why I 'm not yet prepared to discuss any potential sanctions against Donald Sterling , " Silver told reporters Saturday . Silver said the league will move "  extraordinarily quickly " in its investigation and he hoped to have an initial report in "  the next few days . " He indicated the NBA had been in contact with Sterling already , saying the league 's longest-tenured owner had agreed not to travel to Oakland , California , on Sunday where the Clippers are playing the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the NBA playoffs . Silver : ` Broad powers in place ' There is no clear answer as to what the discipline should be , if the accusations against Sterling -- who has yet to comment publicly -- are true . "  There are broad powers in place under the NBA 's constitution and bylaws that include a range of sanctions and all of those will be considered depending on the findings of our investigation , " Silver said Saturday . According to the website TMZ , Sterling made the alleged discriminatory remarks during an argument he had with girlfriend V. Stiviano on April 9 . TMZ posted a 10-minute recording of the argument online Friday . The law firm representing Stiviano said the recording is a portion of an hourlong conversation between the couple . If authentic , the remarks seem to reflect Sterling 's embarrassment and frustration with Stiviano over her associating with African-Americans at Clippers games and for posting such pictures on her Instagram account . "  This is a failure of leadership on so many levels , " Jason Johnson , an HLN contributor and a political science professor at Hiram College , said . "  This is not the first time we have had an owner get in trouble , and they should have had rules in place to deal with these kinds of situations . " The most likely penalties , said CNN Sports anchor Andy Scholes , are a fine and a suspension , possibly banning the 80-year-old Sterling from team operations for as long as a year . TNT analyst Charles Barkley said there 's no question Silver should suspend Sterling soon . "  He 's got to suspend him right now , " Barkley said Saturday night . "  First of all , they have to prove it is his voice on the tape , but this is the first big test of Adam Silver . You ca n't have this guy making statements like that . He has to suspend him and fine him immediately . " Sterling has never been sanctioned by the league since he bought the team in 1981 . Other owners have been fined , most notably Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban , who has paid out nearly $ 2 million in 19 fines , according to Bleacher Report . One fine reportedly was $ 500,000 , about the same amount Miami Heat owner Micky Arison supposedly had to pay in 2011 . But those were for remarks about officiating  Cuban  and the lockout  Arison  . And a similar record-level fine for the Clippers owner might not seem like much to the public , since Sterling is worth billions . The league probably can not force Sterling to give up the team , which according to Forbes magazine is worth $ 575 million , Scholes said . According to Scholes , the NBA constitution is confidential , and reportedly the league would only step in to remove an owner if the team were in financial trouble . A team on the rise The value of the Clippers , who were a terrible team for decades , has been on the rise with their recent success on the court . Led by all-stars Blake Griffin and Chris Paul , who is also the head of the players union , the team has set win records in the past two seasons . The other players will look to Paul for guidance , but a players walkout is unlikely . "  They are looking at Chris Paul and they are trying to see what can they actually do to show their disdain and dislike  for Sterling  , " Johnson said . The NBA will face an image problem if Sterling turns out to be the voice on the recording , in which a man tells a woman that she should n't be seen at Clippers games with Earvin "  Magic " Johnson because he is African-American . The question would become : Could the Clippers sign any free agents in the offseason if Sterling remains the owner ? LeBron James , who could potentially be one of those free agents , indicated he would n't consider playing for Sterling 's Clippers . "  There 's no room for Donald Sterling in the NBA , " he said Saturday before the Miami Heat played the Charlotte Bobcats . "  There is no room for him . " James told ESPN he was certain Silver would take care of the matter . Jason Johnson said Silver needs to be forceful . "  He can say , ` Look , you have damaged the brand . You have damaged the league , and consequently , I think we are going to have to look at your right to own this team , ' " Johnson said . Sterling has faced questions tied to racial issues in the past . In 2009 he settled -- while admitting no liability -- three lawsuits tied to discrimination claims at apartments he owned in Los Angeles County , the Los Angeles Times reported . He also settled a 2003 lawsuit that claimed he would n't rent to Latinos , the Times reported . Sterling was sued in 2009 by former Clippers general manager Elgin Baylor , who said he was a victim of age and racial discrimination . Baylor dropped the race claim and a jury ruled in Sterling 's favor . Silver said Saturday that Sterling 's past "  has n't so far " played into the investigation . "  We 're very focused on the audio tape ... and the facts around it . " The NBA playoffs will continue through mid-June , when the league will crown a champion .	Donald Sterling has never been disciplined by the NBA Only one owner of any of the league 's 32 teams has ever been suspended New NBA commissioner says league will conduct a quick investigation Sterling has n't commented publicly on recording of racist remarks supposedly by him
Lakota warrior Crazy Horse has long been a controversial figure , so perhaps it 's only appropriate that his memorial follow suit . Though he 's best known for fighting against George Armstrong Custer at the Battle of the Little Big Horn , Crazy Horse led his tribe numerous times against settlers and miners in the Dakotas , Montana and Wyoming and elsewhere before his 1877 death at Nebraska 's Fort Robinson . But forget his disputed role in that battle or the claims that he 's never been photographed or the conflicting tales of how he met his end -- the real mystery is more contemporary : When is the sculpture in his honor going to be complete ? In the mountains of Black Hills , South Dakota , rests the Crazy Horse Memorial . It pays tribute to the Native American war hero with a sculpture that , at many times the size of nearby Mount Rushmore , will one day constitute the world 's largest mountain carving . That is , if it ever gets completed . Though the project has been ongoing since 1948 , it 's far from finished , and there is n't a rush because ... well , there is n't a deadline . "  The organization is not trying to be difficult or using delaying tactics , " said Patrick Dobbs , spokesman for the Crazy Horse Memorial . "  There are project unknowns and circumstances beyond control that influence the work . " He lists harsh weather -- including lightning storms and blizzards -- and the mountain 's high iron content , which makes the rock tougher to carve , as factors that have put a halt on the sculpting progress . That 's not to mention that the sculpture will stand 563 feet tall , a few feet higher than the Washington Monument . Creator shuns assistance Another factor is funding . According to Dobbs , the Crazy Horse sculpture is a nonprofit project and is funded entirely by admission fees and donations . "  There were offers by elected government officials and high-ranking department appointees to seek funding as amendments to bills for other federal legislation , " said Dobbs . "  However ,  Polish sculptor  Korczak Ziolkowski turned them down . He did not believe the government would complete the carving . " Ziolkowski saw the American government as flaky when it came to making agreements , Dobbs said , adding Ziolkowski was dismayed by the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty , which handed the Black Hills over to the Lakota but required their children have an "  English education " and failed to address gold rights , resulting in years of conflict . The government seized the Black Hills nine years later , and the ensuing court battles continued for more than a century . Dobbs said Ziolkowski was also troubled by Mount Rushmore sculptor Gutzon Borglum 's struggle with federal officials over funding and control of the American landmark . Despite these factors that prompted Ziolkowski to spurn government assistance , it should be noted that Rushmore was completed after only 14 years . The New York Times reported in May that admission fees totaled $ 3.8 million in 2010 , and the memorial received more than $ 19 million in donations over the last five years . Some Native Americans , including descendants of Crazy Horse , think with numbers like that the monument should already be finished . Seth Big Crow , whose great-grandmother was Crazy Horse 's aunt , has mixed feelings about the memorial . In an interview with Voice of America , he said the monument could serve future generations and may be the American equivalent to the Easter Island monoliths . "  Maybe 300 or 400 years from now , everything will be gone , we 'll all be gone , and they 'll be the four faces in the Black Hills and the statue there symbolizing the Native Americans who were here at one time , " Big Crow said . The Eastern Island monoliths have long been considered one of the world 's great mysteries . Ancient Polynesian settlers to the island built the giant volcanic-stone figures , and while they are thought to pay homage to deities or ancestors , no one knows exactly what they represent . The sculpture of a lifetime Ziolkowski began carving the Crazy Horse monument seven years after the completion of Rushmore . Chief Henry Standing Bear , then-leader of the Lakota tribe , did n't like the four huge American faces peering over his people 's land , so he asked Ziolkowski if he could carve a monument in honor of a Native American legend . "  My fellow chiefs and I would like the white man to know the red man has great heroes also , " Standing Bear wrote in a 1939 letter to Ziolkowski . Ziolkowski worked on the carving until his death in 1982 at age 74 . His dying wish was for his wife Ruth , now 86 , and their 10 children to finish the sculpture . Ruth is president and CEO of the Crazy Horse Memorial Foundation , and seven of the children are working on it to this day . Not everyone considers the sculpture an honor . In an interview with Voice of America , Elaine Quiver , another descendant of Crazy Horse , said Standing Bear had no right to order the monument . "  They do n't respect our culture because we did n't give permission for someone to carve the sacred Black Hills where our burial grounds are , " Quiver said . "  They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray . But it was n't meant to be carved into images , which is very wrong for all of us . The more I think about it , the more it 's a desecration of our Indian culture . Not just Crazy Horse , but all of us . " Tim Giago , founder of the Native Sun News , which is based in nearby Rapid City , told The New York Times he has never heard "  a single Native American say , ` I 'm proud of that mountain . ' " There 's also disagreement over the depiction of Crazy Horse 's face . Though it 's a source of some dispute , many experts say there are no known photographs of Crazy Horse , and thus , creating a statue in his likeness is foolish . However , according to a biography provided by the Crazy Horse Memorial , the statue is not meant to be a rendition of Crazy Horse . Instead , it 's supposed to honor the spirit of Crazy Horse . Growing popularity ? Dobbs acknowledges that the "  significance of the Crazy Horse Memorial and reaction to the mountain carving varies " among Native Americans . However , he feels as though the perception of the mountain is getting better . "  The growth of the memorial 's tribal flag collection to more than 120 banners from American and Canadian tribes and groups indicates spreading popularity for Crazy Horse , " said Dobbs . "  The extent of applications for the limited openings in the summer university program is another indicator of support . " The tribal flags are given to the memorial as a sign of respect from the nation represented by the flag . It 's also a sign of "  continuing support of the ongoing project , " Dobbs said . Wanda McFaggen of the St. Croix Chippewa Indians , which sent their flag to the Crazy Horse monument , praised the memorial for its historical significance . "  We believe that education is a vital tool in helping the non-native communities understand who we are , " said McFaggen , director of the tribe 's historic preservation department . "  It gives me great pleasure to acknowledge the efforts being made by the Korczak Ziolkowski family , and we are grateful for their passion for all of us as Native American people . " The mountain also features other attractions besides the carving that "  preserve " the Native American tradition , Dobbs said . There is the Indian Museum of North America , which contains more than 11,000 historic and contemporary objects and artworks from tribal groups ; the Native American Educational and Cultural Center , which houses a collection of historic prints , numerous regional artifacts and some hands-on activity displays ; and the recently opened Indian University of North America , which partners with the University of South Dakota and offers courses in Native American studies . The Crazy Horse Memorial "  anticipates continued expansion of the Indian University of North America to include a medical training center , further development of the Indian Museum of North America and growth in its educational programs to enhance understanding of the varied Native American cultures , " Dobbs said . However , Big Crow feels like the money being spent on these buildings should be used solely on the statue . "  When you start making money rather than to try to complete the project , that 's when , to me , it 's going off in the wrong direction , " Big Crow said in the Voice of America interview . ' A project that will never end ... ' But the Ziolkowskis have always insisted that this be a painstaking process -- "  so you do it right " -- and the memorial website flatly states the memorial "  is a project that will never end , even after the mountain carving is complete . " After 50 years of work , Crazy Horse 's 87-foot head was completed in 1998 , and work is presently being done to finish 219-foot-tall head of the Native American warrior 's steed , according to the Ziolkowskis . When and if it 's complete , the entire monument will be 641 feet wide . In terms of size , Mount Rushmore , just 17 miles away , has four 60-foot heads , all of which can fit inside the lone head of Crazy Horse . Crazy Horse died after being captured by enemy soldiers . As with most Crazy Horse-related lore , the exact time and manner of death are disputed , and even a highway sign near Wounded Knee , South Dakota , lists four possible resting places .	Work on Crazy Horse Memorial began in 1948 ; it 's unclear when sculpture will be complete Monument is planned for 563 feet , a few feet taller than Washington Monument Despite early controversies over statue and location , memorial officials say image is improving
Mentawai Islands , Indonesia  CNN  -- The toll climbed to 413 dead and 298 missing four days after a magnitude 7.7 earthquake struck off Indonesia 's coast , triggering a tsunami , officials said Friday . The National Disaster Coordinating Agency said 270 people were seriously injured and 142 had minor injuries . More than 22,000 people have been displaced or affected by the tsunami , which swept up villagers and their homes without warning , the agency said . The government is considering relocating some residents in the earthquake-prone islands near Sumatra , the state-run Antara news agency said . Organization : Tsunami warning system worked "  President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has instructed me to draft a government regulation related to the relocation plan . We will discuss this matter soon after the emergency response period and rehabilitation of the impacted area are over , " said People 's Welfare Minister Agung Laksono . It 's been difficult to protect Indonesia 's small islands with a tsunami warning system , but most of them will be covered by February 2011 , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the Indonesian national board for disaster management . The effectiveness of a warning system also would depend on the size of a tsunami and residents ' proximity to it . Monday 's tsunami destroyed or carried away 517 homes , officials said . On the country 's hard-hit Mentawai Islands , at least six of the 27 villages were "  practically been flattened , " state media said , citing the governor of West Sumatra . The quake struck at 9:42 p.m. Monday , triggering a tsunami warning . Its epicenter was 240 kilometers  150 miles  south of Padang , at a depth of 20.6 kilometers  12.8 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The magnitude was revised from a preliminary 7.5 . The remoteness of many Indonesian islands left residents without warning , and continued to limit communications and stymie rescue and recovery efforts . Medicine and supplies being used to treat hundreds of injured residents are being depleted , Antara reported . On Friday , four warships from the naval base in Padang , West Sumatra , were to arrive to offer aid to victims in the Mentawai islands , according to Antara . The ships were carrying medical supplies and medical personnel from the marines , Antara said , citing Col. Indarto Budiarto . Volunteers , a helicopter and a plane also were aboard the ships . The naval base in Padang had set up aid command posts in the Mentawai waters , as well as medical command posts for victims , Antara said . A cargo plane also was ferrying supplies . The colonel also asked aid donors to channel supplies through the base in Padang . "  We are trying to prevent the accumulation of aid for Mentawai , " he told Antara . The United States will provide $ 2 million in humanitarian assistance in response to this week 's tsunami and the eruption of the Mount Merapi volcano , which killed dozens and displaced thousands , the U.S. ambassador in Indonesia announced Friday . The funds will be used to purchase relief items and help displaced people resume their lives , Ambassador Scot Marciel told students at the University of Indonesia , the embassy said in a statement . Earlier Friday , the European Commission announced it was offering 1.5 million euro  $ 2.1 million  to help the victims of the tsunami and the volcano eruption . "  This envelope will help around 65,000 people in Mentawai and at least 22,000 people in Yogyakarta/Central Java , " the European Commission said in a news release . "  Humanitarian partners will use these funds to provide water and sanitation to victims ; access to primary health care and disease control ; food and nonfood items ; emergency telecommunications , emergency shelter ; psychological support ; logistics and will mainstream disaster preparedness , " the release said . The city of Padang and the Mentawai Islands are at the meeting place of two tectonic plates , making them vulnerable to earthquakes and tsunamis . On December 26 , 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude earthquake struck off northern Sumatra . A tsunami generated by that earthquake killed more than 225,000 people in 14 countries -- mainly India , Indonesia , Maldives , Sri Lanka and Thailand . The Indonesian region of Banda Aceh was hard-hit : About 150,000 died there . CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Government considers relocating citizens The United States pledges $ 2 million in aid Hundreds missing four days after the disaster Villagers and their homes were swept up without warning
In 2016 , we need to elect a president who has the experience to hit the ground running on day one . We need someone who has walked the walk , not just talked the talk . We need someone who is extremely competent , extremely intelligent and extremely dedicated to the men , women and children of this country . We need someone who personally knows world leaders and understands the threats and challenges facing America . We need someone who understands what middle-class families have been going through and how to give every family a fair shot to get ahead in life . Our next president needs to be someone who knows without debate that equal pay for equal work and the full participation of women in our country is not only the right thing for them and their families , it 's critical for the economic future of America . We need President Hillary Clinton . That 's why I am honored to formally announce my renewed and unreserved support for Clinton as she considers a 2016 presidential bid . I 'm ready for Clinton because she is the best person to take on the challenges that face our country , and she has more than enough qualifications , achievements and experience to do the job . While Clinton and I came to the Senate at the same time after the 2000 elections , I have known her for more than 30 years . I first met Clinton when I was serving in the Michigan State House of Representatives and she was serving as first lady of Arkansas and working as an attorney . We were both speaking on a panel at a national conference on children 's issues in Detroit . I had just passed one of the first child abuse prevention trust funds in the country and Clinton was serving on the board of directors of the Children 's Defense Fund . That event was certainly an apt place to meet Clinton . For so many years before that and for the decades since , fighting on behalf of children and families has been a cornerstone of Clinton 's career . GOP tries to define Clinton for young voters I was in the room when then-first lady Clinton courageously spoke in China at the Fourth World Conference on Women and reminded the world that "  women 's rights are human rights . " I will never forget the power of that speech . Shortly thereafter , I was motivated to run for the U.S. House of Representatives . Clinton continued to speak up on behalf of women and girls around the world as secretary of state . And since passing the baton at the State Department to Secretary John Kerry , she has once again made the fight for quality , universal early childhood education one of her signatures issues . The issues that will dominate the 2016 election are issues that Clinton has been a leader on for years . She has been a champion for middle-class families and for those working hard to get into the middle class . She voted time and again to raise the minimum wage so people working full time would not find themselves still in poverty . She wrote the Student Borrower Bill of Rights and fought for lowering student loan rates by ending giveaways to the big banks . And of course she has fought tirelessly to give all Americans , especially children , the security of quality , affordable health care . As president , Hillary Clinton will fight for our values day in and day out . I also know Clinton is practical and pragmatic . She understands how to get things done . I saw it in her that day in Detroit so many years ago , watched her help accomplish great things like the Children 's Health Insurance Program as first lady , worked with her here in the Senate to increase the minimum wage , and continued to be inspired by the grit , determination and old-fashioned hard work she put in across six continents and 956,733 miles as secretary of state . As secretary of state , Clinton stood up for America and stood strong against our enemies . As president , she will stand up for all Americans and stand strong against those who want to rig our political system for their own gain . When America chooses its next president , we need someone who understands that people across this country are working hard and just want a fair shot to get ahead in life . I know that Clinton understands this because that 's the America she has been fighting for all her life . That is why I am ready for Hillary Clinton -- and why America is , too . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Debbie Stabenow says she supports Hillary Clinton for president in 2016 Stabenow : I 'm ready for Hillary because she is the best person for our country right now Clinton has been considered a Democratic front-runner if she enters the presidential race
CNN  -- We are all sick at heart to witness the unfathomable suffering in Haiti . Why do bad things happen to innocent people ? Why Haiti , again ? Even Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said recently , "  It is biblical , the tragedy that continues to stalk Haiti and the Haitian people . " How we make meaning of this suffering will be crucial to how we respond , in the long term , as a global community . My Haitian in-laws , visiting from Boston , Massachusetts , to take some comfort with us , announced that the verse of the day on their favorite Bible Web site is from Revelation 16:18 . "  And there were voices and thunders and lightnings ; and there was a great earthquake , such as has not been since men were upon the earth , so mighty an earthquake and so great . " The word "  earthquake " appears sixteen times in the Bible . It was clear to them -- and many other Christians -- that the earthquake was part of God 's plan . Why God ordains such disasters is a mystery that is not ours to question . It is only our job to have faith . iReport : Looking for loves ones in Haiti A friend who barely escaped the collapse of her house in the quake writes that people in her Port-au-Prince neighborhood are living this time as the apocalypse . They are gathering en masse , singing hymns and praying nonstop as they wait for disaster aid -- and Jesus . For them , the meaning of their suffering is clear . How else to interpret the collapse of their entire world , earthquake , famine , death , disease and drought ? They are God 's children living out the last chapter of the Bible . Fundamentalist Pat Robertson says that the earthquake is the devil 's work . Haitians are cursed by a pact with Satan that their ancestors made , he says . Distorting a Haitian national myth , he is referring to a famous Afro-Creole religious service said to have sparked and launched the Haitian War of Independence in 1791 . Ironically , historians tell us that such a single ceremony never happened -- although surely there were many slave gatherings , and many Afro-Creole religious rituals in the region . Haitians do not mistake African religiosity for Satanism as Robertson does , so for them the ceremony was a spiritually charged political rally . Slaves gathered to plan and inspire themselves for the outrageous feat they would succeed in performing : a slave revolution , the abolition of slavery , and by 1804 , national independence . Afro-Creole religion , known as Vodou , still underpins the philosophy of many Haitians , though by no means everyone . A spirit-priest I know reads the earthquake as an allegorical message from the spirits who infuse the land . "  The land is our mother , " he said . When you abuse the land -- deforest her , plant only one crop , overpopulate her , erode her soil -- she explodes , searching for a way to rebalance . The spirit of the land had become sick with abuse . Her children -- the eldest ones , the ones in charge , the Haitian government -- had no policies , no laws to protect the land or use it wisely . The spirit-mother exploded with fever . "  We know this has a scientific cause , " said the spirit-priest . "  But look how the government buildings caved in . This tells us something . " In the last several years there has been a saying among Haitians that "  the country is finished . " "  Peyi-a fini , " they say in Creole . It has been called a dying land , a failed state , a product of irreversible environmental degradation . For social scientists , there is nothing metaphysical about the question "  Why Haiti ? " Longstanding structural reasons have produced a dysfunctional system long in crisis . Beginning as a French slave society , the nation was founded at a severe disadvantage . France demanded enormous payment for abandoned property after the revolution , starting a cycle of debt that was never broken . Deep and abiding racism prevented the U.S. and Europe from recognizing Haiti for 60 years . Trade was never established on even terms . The military ruled the state , culminating in the brutal Duvalier dictatorship , which the U.S. supported . No robust civil society developed -- there 's no vigorous tradition of PTAs and town planning boards . A brain drain evacuated top talent from the country , while the U.S.-subsidized farm industry sent surplus crops to Haiti , undercutting local prices there . Farmers abandoned their lands , flocked to the capital , and built the shanty towns that have now collapsed into rubble , burying the innocent and vulnerable , strong and powerful alike . The suffering Haitians are enduring is a natural disaster worsened by human-made conditions . It is a spiritual crucible . But it is also a crisis of meaning . For Christians it is to have faith , hope , and charity . For fundamentalist Protestants , it is to convert all souls , give aid , and wait for Jesus ' return . For Vodouists , it is to regain balance with the land and the unseen spiritual world . For many social scientists , it is to strengthen Haitians ' capacity for self-government , to relieve the debt Haiti owes , to reforest the land , and to figure out how to divorce aid from dependence . How we interpret the suffering of the good people of Haiti will lay the groundwork for how we walk forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth McAlister .	Haiti has endured extraordinary suffering , Elizabeth McAlister says She says the nation 's different faiths view the suffering differently Some view the earthquake as a sign of the Apocalypse , she says Social scientists offer answers based on history , racism , environmental degradation
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Fans of porn star Stormy Daniels are drafting her to run for the U.S. Senate seat in Louisiana now held by Republican Sen. David Vitter . And it 's no racy gimmick , they say . Porn star Stormy Daniels , who has no party affiliation , says she 's "  always up for a good fight . " The Draft Stormy Web site says that "  2010 presents the Pelican State with the opportunity to start with a clean slate -- to elect a representative that we can be proud of , who will work tirelessly , and who will challenge the status quo . We at the Draft Stormy campaign feel that Baton Rouge native Stormy Daniels is best suited to fulfill these duties . " Vitter is famous -- or infamous -- for his link to the "  D.C. Madam , " the woman who ran a prostitution ring . Elected to the Senate in 2004 , he admitted to "  a very serious sin in my past " in July 2007 after his phone number turned up in records of an escort service run by the late Deborah Jeane Palfrey , known as the D.C. Madam . Running for re-election , Vitter said his wife has forgiven him and is banking on the same sentiment from his constituents . Will the Draft Stormy move mean stormy weather for Vitter ? The senator 's office did n't return calls by CNN . But a spokesman for the state GOP said voters "  are concerned with real issues that affect their everyday lives and not with political or publicity stunts . " The Draft Stormy campaign was started by New Orleans resident and Daniels fan Zack Hudson , who insists it 's for real . Daniels , 29 , is n't affiliated with a party but is embracing the idea of a possible candidacy . Watch the adult entertainment star talk about a possible run " She said she 's planning a "  listening tour " around Louisiana to talk about a range of matters , including the economy -- which along with women in business and protection of children are the three issues listed on her Web site . When told Vitter can be a tough opponent , she said she 's "  always up for a good fight . " "  I think anyone that knows me ... is more than aware of that , " Daniels said . "  Politics ca n't be any dirtier of a job than the one I am already in . " According to a capsule bio on the Draft Stormy Web site , Daniels has been "  breaking barriers and shattering glass ceilings her entire life , " serving as editor of her high school newspaper and president of her school 's 4-H Club and eventually transferring "  her determination and talents to the professional level , becoming a featured performer in the adult entertainment industry . " Another stride was "  signing an exclusive contract with the video production company Wicked Pictures , a company committed to a health and safety first policy , as pertaining to its video performances . Stormy 's decision to sign with Wicked highlighted her commitment to sending a positive message to young people of the importance of practicing safe sex , " the bio said . Daniels has directed films for the company , won awards for writing , directing and acting , and has appeared in mainstream films such as "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin . " "  Originally , the focus was n't even about making me as a candidate , " Daniels said . "  I think it was about bringing attention to the Senate race in general . Then the response was overwhelmingly positive . And I think everyone is just running with it . " While her political aspirations may be a light diversion for Louisiana voters , reality will set in if Daniels tangles with Vitter . Clancy DuBos , political director of the New Orleans alternative newspaper Gambit , said Vitter is a brilliant politician with a campaign war chest worth $ 2 million . If the Daniels campaign is meant to remind voters of Vitter 's D.C. Madam link , the move could backfire , DuBos said . "  You are going to need someone better than a porn star , or a lap dancer , or a sex worker to nail David Vitter on this , " he said . "  You need a serious opponent who is himself , or herself , not guilty of something like that to say , ` Let 's talk about family values , shall we ? ' " The Draft Stormy movement said Daniels ' "  real world experience and special understanding of the economic hardships facing Louisianans and Americans make her uniquely qualified to take on the tough challenges we face . "  Our grass-roots movement spans the political spectrum and champions Stormy 's philosophy of personal responsibility and the promotion of individual enterprise . We eschew partisanship and labels , instead judging our leaders on their integrity , character and effectiveness . " CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Stormy Daniels fan insists movement to draft porn star for Senate campaign for real Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana now holds U.S. Senate seat at issue Vitter , up for re-election in 2010 , is known for his link to the "  D.C. Madam " Daniels says she 's embracing possible candidacy , planning "  listening tour " of state
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials are considering what could happen to 15 alleged Somali pirates held on the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier following the killings of four Americans who were sailing around the world on a private yacht . Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan referred questions on possible prosecution of the Somalis to the Department of Justice as well as to the FBI , which is heading the investigation off the coast of Somalia focused on the 58-foot-yacht Quest that was seized by pirates last week . "  They 'll be detained until the Justice Department makes a determination about possible prosecution , " Lapan said . "  The process is going on now to determine where they 'll be prosecuted . " Justice Department officials who will decide where and when the alleged pirates will be prosecuted were tight-lipped Wednesday , but one senior law enforcement official acknowledged the transfer of the suspects to the FBI for a trial in the United States will occur "  soon . " Two officials indicated the suspects would be tried in a U.S. civilian court , but declined to say where . In previous cases involving Somali pirates and American vessels , the trials for suspects turned over from the Navy to the FBI were held in Norfolk , Virginia , and New York City . According to U.S. officials , the four Americans -- ship owners Jean and Scott Adam , along with Phyllis Macay and Bob Riggle -- were found shot after U.S. forces boarded the Quest early Tuesday . All died from their wounds . The Quest was being shadowed by four U.S. warships after pirates seized it off the coast of Oman on Friday . U.S. forces responded after a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at a U.S. Navy ship about 600 yards away -- and missed -- and the sound of gunfire could be heard on board the Quest , according to U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Mark Fox . The killings signal escalating violence by Somali pirates who have increased torture and attacks on hostages in a bid to speed up the process of getting ransom money , said a spokesman for the European Union Naval Force combating the piracy . What started several years ago as local piracy by Somali fishermen has been taken over by organized-crime elements that are well-armed and intent on cashing in on a lucrative operation , according to Wing Commander Paddy O'Kennedy of EU NAVFOR . "  It was a real surprise to us that they had done this . Normally , that 's their income , " O'Kennedy said , calling the pirates ' killing of hostages "  literally shooting the hen that lays the golden eggs . " John Campbell , a former U.S. ambassador to Nigeria now with the Council on Foreign Relations think tank , said the Somali piracy was evolving "  into a grotesque form of something like a big business . " International naval forces , including participation by the United States and the European Union , have managed to reduce piracy in the Gulf of Aden off Somalia , a key shipping route , Campbell noted . Now the pirates are operating in open waters farther away , making international monitoring and protection more difficult , Campbell said . "  All of this would indicate that ending or controlling Somali piracy is no longer , if it ever was , purely a naval operation , " he said . Campbell called for a broader approach , including international law enforcement and judicial procedures , anti-corruption forces and international development agencies to work on land as well as on the water . "  You can not just simply snap your fingers and solve this , " Campbell said . "  It is not a case of sending an aircraft carrier to the horn of Africa . It 's a real international conundrum . " Earlier , Lapan said it was too early to say if the killing of the four Americans would bring a change to U.S. policy or tactics regarding the Somali pirates . O'Kennedy , however , noted the increasing use of violence by pirates against hostages indicated a change in their tactics . "  These guys want money , they want it now , and they 're prepared to do whatever it takes to force the companies to pay up " right away , O'Kennedy said . "  We 've seen a rise in violence toward hostages at a relatively kind of steady increase , " he said , noting the torture reports and now the killings . Of reports of hostages being tortured on several vessels , O'Kennedy said : "  It was n't kind of rough treatment ; it was pretty systematic torture . " Campbell said shipping companies , their insurers , governments patrolling the waters off of Somalia and others already are confronting the "  huge " cost of piracy . Now the increased threat to hostages raises the stakes even further , he said . "  Obviously it 's going to be a concern to any government that cares about its citizens , " Campbell said , later adding : "  The concern would be that if ransoms are n't paid , they 'll kill . " Officials said there were 19 pirates in total in the seizing of the Quest . Two were found dead on board by U.S. special forces members , who killed two more while clearing the vessel . Thirteen others were captured and detained , along with two more who had earlier gone to a U.S. Navy ship to negotiate . The pirates were believed to have boarded the Quest after traveling on a "  mother ship . " The "  mother ship " trend -- pirates using another hijacked merchant vessel -- has appeared in the past few months , said Cyrus Mody , manager at the International Maritime Bureau in London . According to Mody , the mother ships provide pirates with "  a lot more reach , a lot more capability to move out  farther  into the Indian Ocean . " In addition , he said , pirates can stay on board longer , have appropriate equipment and can demand the expertise of the ship 's crew . Previously , pirates typically hijacked a vessel and held it until a ransom was paid , Mody said . So far in 2011 , "  we have already seen more than 50 attacks carried out , " by Somali pirates , " Mody said . In April 2009 , pirates seized the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama , leading to a standoff in the Indian Ocean . U.S. forces moved to rescue American Captain Richard Phillips after seeing a pirate aiming a weapon at his back , officials said at the time . Three pirates were killed and one was arrested . The Somali man arrested was convicted of acts related to high-seas piracy , and a federal court in New York sentenced him last week to more than 30 years in prison . As of February 15 , pirates were holding 33 vessels and 712 hostages , according to the International Maritime Bureau . The Adams were from Marina del Rey , California , while Macay and Riggle were from Seattle , Washington . The four had been traveling with yachts participating in the Blue Water Rally since their departure from Phuket , Thailand , rally organizers said . The group , which organizes long-distance group cruises , said the Quest broke off on February 15 after leaving Mumbai , India , to take a different route . CNN 's Mike Pearson , Ashley Hayes , Carol Cratty , Terry Frieden , David McKenzie and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	U.S. officials are holding 15 suspects in the killing of four Americans No word Wednesday on where the pirates will be prosecuted Organized-crime elements have taken over pirate groups , officials say
CNN  -- Armenian President Robert Kocharian declared a state of emergency Saturday night after a day of clashes between police and protesters , a spokeswoman for the Armenian Foreign Ministry said . The protesters claim last month 's presidential election was rigged . The state of emergency will "  hopefully bring some order " to the capital , Yerevan , said Salpi Ghazarian , assistant to the Armenian foreign minister , who spoke to CNN early Sunday . The state of emergency could last until March 20 , she said , but the government hopes "  that it will be lifted sooner . " The clashes began when authorities used force to clear Freedom Square of thousands of demonstrators who had camped there for the past 10 days , according to a U.S. Embassy official . Ghazarian said the authorities "  moved in " because "  they thought that there were arms there , and it turned out that they were right . " Watch a report on clashes between police and the opposition " The embassy official estimated that the demonstrations in Freedom Square grew to as many as 60,000 Armenians at times over the last 10 days . As of early Sunday morning , Freedom Square was empty , Ghazarian said , but the protesters were demonstrating in a main square elsewhere in the city . Watch Ghazarian discuss the situation in Armenia " "  What is happening on the streets of Yerevan is people protesting what they consider to be unfair elections , " Ghazarian said . "  After the president was forced to declare a state of emergency , things have quieted down . There are a couple of burning cars , and there are a few hurt people , " she said . "  We 're convinced that this will come to an end soon . " She did not elaborate on the number of people injured or the extent of their injuries . Witnesses told CNN that Saturday morning 's action by Armenian riot police was bloody , but the U.S. official said there were no confirmed deaths or serious injuries . An Armenian woman interviewed by CNN said there was "  huge chaos " when police moved in . "  These are innocent people , " she said . "  They just want their freedom . They just want to be heard . They are being beaten up , some people have horrible wounds . " She asked that CNN not use her name because she feared for her safety . As night fell Saturday , the sounds of gunfire could be heard from the direction of the protesters ' gathering , and tracer fire could be seen in the sky , according to another Yerevan resident , who also asked not to be identified out of fear for his safety . The man said his wife saw two demonstrators hit by a police car earlier in the day . The car initially did not stop , he said , but the protesters surrounded the car , dragged the officers out and burned the vehicle , he said . The officers were able to escape , he said , but he did not know the condition of the protesters who were struck . The protests began soon after the February 19 presidential election . Opposition presidential candidate Levon Ter-Petrosian lost to Prime Minister Serzh Sarkisian , a political ally of outgoing President Kocharian . The opposition party immediately accused the government of vote fraud and demanded that the results be voided . Ghazarian said Sunday that the government had reached out to the opposition . "  We are hoping with the help of the international community , the opposition , the leader of the opposition , will come and enter a political dialogue rather than continuing this debate on the streets , " she said . Haroutiun Khachatrian , editor of the Noyan Tappan News Agency , told CNN that riot police arrested several hundred people in the square Saturday morning , including many opposition party officials . Ter-Petrosian was there but was not arrested , he said . The opposition vowed to pursue its claims through legal means . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  OSCE  monitored last month 's Armenian election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report . The U.S. Embassy has warned the several hundred Americans living in Yerevan to stay at home and avoid the downtown area where the demonstrations have been taking place , the U.S. official said . Armenia , population 3 million , is a former Soviet republic east of Turkey , south of Georgia and north of Iran . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Protest moves after crackdown at Freedom Square Order sought after protests over last month 's election turn violent Demonstrators say the election was fraudulent State of emergency could last until March 20 , official says
CNN  -- Arsenal and Hull City were charged with failing to control their players by the English Football Association  FA  on Wednesday after their fiery Premier League match on December 19 . The match at the Emirates Stadium , won 3-0 by title-chasing Arsenal , became heated just before halftime when Arsenal 's Samir Nasri clashed with Hull 's Richard Garcia . Stephen Hunt then had a confrontation with Nasri and a mass brawl ensued , with home goalkeeper Manuel Almunia running the length of the field to get involved . Referee Steve Bennett had to battle to get things under control and then showed yellow cards to both Hunt and Nasri . The clubs have until January 13 to launch any appeal . In other Premier League news on Wednesday , Liverpool could give Italian midfielder Alberto Aquilani his full debut for the crucial Boxing Day clash with Wolves . Aquilani , a big summer signing from AS Roma , has yet to start a league game for Liverpool , having battled to recovery from an ankle injury . Manager Rafael Benitez has been criticized for his reluctance to play Aquilani , but with the player recovering from a calf injury which kept him out of last weekend 's match all the indicators are that he will take his place at Anfield . Premier League champions Manchester United have been clearance to play Senegal striker Mame Biram Diouf after he was granted a work permit . United signed Diouf from Molde in July before loaning him back to the Norwegian club . He scored 16 goals in 29 games in Norway and with Senegal failing to qualify for the African Cup of Nations , United have pressed to get him the proper clearances .	Arsenal and Hull City face FA charge of failing to control their players in December 19 match Mass brawl marred clash at the Emirates which Arsenal won 3-0 Manchester United get work permit clearance for Senegal striker Mame Biram Diouf
Washington  CNN  -- The wealthy will account for more tax revenue , House Speaker John Boehner said Wednesday , while challenging President Barack Obama to sit down with him to hammer out a deal for avoiding the fiscal cliff . "  We have got to cut spending and I believe it is appropriate to put revenues on the table , " Boehner told reporters on Wednesday . "  Now , the revenues that we are putting on the table are going to come from guess who ? The rich . " He continued , "  There are ways to limit deductions , close loopholes and have the same people pay more of their money to the federal government without raising tax rates , which we believe will harm our economy . " Read more : House GOP sticks with Boehner on cliff Obama , however , continued to insist that Republicans have to ensure no one except the highest-earning 2 % of Americans will face higher taxes , before working out a broader agreement on tackling the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt . In remarks to business leaders on Wednesday , Obama said Boehner and Republicans have to take the first step . "  I think there is recognition that maybe they can accept some rate increases as long as it is combined with serious entitlement reform and additional spending cuts , " the president said . "  And if we can get the leadership on the Republican side to take that framework , to acknowledge that reality , then the numbers actually are n't that far apart . " He added that "  we can probably solve this in about a week -- it 's not that tough . " The statements reflected how negotiations on the automatic spending cuts and tax hikes set to occur on January 1 -- the fiscal cliff -- have evolved since Obama 's re-election , and Democratic gains in both houses of Congress , last month . Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told CNBC Wednesday the Obama administration is "  absolutely " prepared to go off the fiscal cliff "  if there 's no prospect to an agreement that does n't involve those rates on the top 2 % . " Republicans opposed to any new revenue in their quest to shrink government now realize Obama 's victory and public support for the president 's campaign theme of higher taxes on the wealthy leave them with little negotiating leverage . Read more : The road to fiscal cliff paved with good intentions Less than four weeks from the fiscal cliff , GOP leaders face a choice : Agreeing to Obama 's demand to hold down tax rates on most Americans while allowing higher rates on top earners , or being blamed for everyone 's taxes going up in 2013 . Polls show that more Americans will blame Republicans , instead of Obama and Democrats , if there is no deal and the nation goes over the fiscal cliff . A Washington Post/Pew Research Center survey released Tuesday put the margin at 53 % -27 % in citing Republicans or Obama . A CNN/ORC International poll released last week showed 45 % would blame congressional Republicans compared to 34 % who would hold Obama responsible . Economists warn that the fiscal cliff 's automatic tax hikes and spending cuts would invite recession . Republican Sen. Tom Coburn , a leading deficit hawk , said Wednesday that to avoid the crisis , he would support higher tax rates on wealthier Americans as part of a broader deal with Obama and congressional Democrats . Homes , cars , jobs : Americans already making big decisions over fiscal cliff "  I know we have to raise revenue , " the senator from Oklahoma told MSNBC . "  I do n't really care which way we do it . Actually , I would rather see rates go up than do it the other way , because it gives us a greater chance to reform the tax code and broaden the base in the future . " Despite the public stance softening of some Republicans in each house , signs point to a continuing standoff . Obama and Boehner spoke on the phone Wednesday afternoon , for the first time in a week , according to a source familiar with the call . But the source said the conversation did n't lead to any breakthrough . And moving forward , no formal negotiating sessions are known to be scheduled , and congressional aides say no back-channel discussions are taking place . The House is scheduled to adjourn for the year on December 14 , but Boehner 's number two , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , said Wednesday the chamber would remain in session until a fiscal cliff deal gets reached . Read more : Americans make big choices over fiscal cliff And Boehner said , "  I 'll be here and I 'll be available at any moment to sit down with the president to get serious about solving this problem . " Obama demands that the House immediately pass a measure already approved by the Senate to extend tax cuts for families making less than $ 250,000 a year while allowing rates to return to higher Clinton-era levels for wealthier households . Democrats , including the president , argue that both sides agree that the 98 % of Americans making less than $ 250,000 a year should avoid a tax hike when the tax cuts from the Bush administration expire on December 31 . They call for the House to guarantee that outcome by passing the Senate measure now . Once that happens , Obama and Democratic leaders promise , they will work out compromises on other spending cuts sought by Republicans to reduce the deficit , such as reforms to the Medicare and Medicaid entitlement programs . The latest proposal from House Republicans could reduce the nation 's chronic federal deficits by $ 2.2 trillion over 10 years . The GOP proposal includes $ 800 billion from tax reform , $ 600 billion from Medicare reforms and other health savings and $ 600 billion in other spending cuts , House Republican leadership aides said . It also pledges $ 200 billion in savings by revising the consumer price index , a measure of inflation . While the Republicans gave ground by calling for more revenue through tax reform , the plan only mentioned unspecified elimination of some deductions and loopholes . Jason Furman , an assistant to Obama on economic policy , told reporters Wednesday that the president wants to ensure additional revenue from higher taxes on the wealthy now to help avoid the fiscal cliff . He described the Republican proposal for more revenue as lacking specifics . "  Tell us what it is . Show us a score , " Furman said . "  Tell us how it locks in revenue because you 're trying to actually pass a bill this year , not engage in some long process around tax reform , which we do n't have time to do by the end of this year . " Opinion : Millionaires ' tax bracket would be a smart compromise While some Republican senators have blasted the House proposal , others have signaled a willingness to use it as a starting point . Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , a senior Republican on the Finance Committee , said he would support Boehner 's plan to raise revenue , but only if there is a "  willingness on the part of Democrats to accept spending cuts that are three-to-one or four-to-one . " While the White House has made clear Obama will veto any measure that fails to increase tax rates on the wealthy , aides have signaled a possible willingness to negotiate the specific rate increase . In an interview with Bloomberg TV , Obama said lower tax rates for the wealthy could be negotiated as part of broader tax reform in 2013 , but only after those rates increase now . Obama 's deficit-reduction plan would increase taxes by almost $ 1 trillion over 10 years , a significant portion of a $ 4 trillion overall deficit-reduction goal . It also would close loopholes , limit deductions , raise the estate tax rate to 2009 levels and increases tax rates on capital gains and dividends . The Obama plan includes $ 50 billion in stimulus spending for programs intended to create jobs , such as repairing roads and bridges . Experts have said failing to reach a fiscal cliff deal and devise a framework for a broader deficit reduction package to be negotiated when the new Congress is seated in January will cause economic turmoil . The non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that middle-class families would pay about $ 2,000 a year more in taxes without action . Read more : Same players , same disputes in fiscal cliff debate CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Deirdre Walsh , Paul Steinhauser , Jessica Yellin , Mark Morgenstein and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama and Boehner talk by phone but do n't reach any agreement , source says House Republicans implore Obama to negotiate Obama insists on holding down tax rates for all but the wealthy Without a deal , everyone 's taxes go up in January and spending gets cut
CNN  -- NATO says a new report by the United Nations that points to a spike in violence in Afghanistan differs from the alliance 's tally because "  security incidents " were defined differently . "  The U.N. counts a number of additional event types that ISAF does not include in its definition of security incidents , such as cache finds , arrests , assassinations , intimidation , and others , " according to a statement Thursday from the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . It says "  25 % of the total U.N. security incidents are event types that ISAF does not include in its definition . " Another difference , ISAF says , is that U.N. figures include "  all incidents regardless of which entity initiates the activity , " while NATO counted only "  attacks initiated by insurgent elements . " But the international force also said it recognizes that the country 's eastern regions remain a "  challenging security situation . " Enemy-initiated attacks in June , July and August were 17 % higher than the same period in 2010 , according to the ISAF statement . The U.N. report , from the office of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , says security incidents in 2011 are up 39 % over the same period last year . Most of the incidents involved armed clashes and improvised explosive devices . There were just as many suicide attacks -- 12 per month -- as there were a year ago , the report says . "  The south and southeast of the country , particularly around the city of Kandahar , continued to be the focus of military activity and accounted for approximately two-thirds of total security incidents , " the report says . But a rash of recent high-profile attacks and assassinations have raised questions about the country 's overall level of security , particularly as coalition forces are drawn down .	ISAF says 25 % of the total U.N. security incidents are not on its list U.N. figures include "  all incidents regardless of which entity initiates the activity , " ISAF says ISAF says Afghanistan 's east remains a security challenge The U.N. report says monthly security incidents are up 39 % in 2011
Sharples , West Virginia  CNN  -- Charles Bella is a retired coal miner who now opposes the type of mining he used to do : mountaintop removal . "  I believe that if they stop mountaintop removal now , it might be too late , but it would help . So much of southern West Virginia is already destroyed , " Bella said . A new poll shows Bella is not alone in his opinion . Fifty-seven percent of respondents in a CNN/ORC survey released Thursday say they oppose the controversial mining process , in which a mountain is blasted apart and the debris deposited in nearby valleys . The coal is then dug out , and miners work to rebuild the slopes . About one-third of West Virginia 's coal is mined this way . "  They are probably not miners , " Diann Kish said of the poll respondents . A neighbor of Bella 's and the wife of a retired miner , she supports the process . Thirty-six percent agree with Kish , according to the poll . Seven percent did n't have an opinion . "  Coal -- let me tell you , this fed our families , " she said holding a baseball-sized chunk of the black mineral in her hand . "  Does n't bother me what other people think , " Kish said . "  It 's not their livelihood . " While the work has provided for families , it 's not without its drawbacks . Recent studies by West Virginia University associate professor Michael Hendryx find "  multiple illnesses " in mining areas . "  Higher rates of cancer is one of them . Higher forms of chronic heart disease , heart attacks , and lung disease like  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  , kidney disease , " Hendryx said . "  We have found evidence for all of those . " "  I think it really is the biggest public health problem that West Virginia faces , " he added . Bill Raney , president of the West Virginia Coal Association and a lobbyist for the coal industry , takes issue with Hendryx 's findings . "  I think what you find is there is a correlation as opposed to a causation and it 's got to be analyzed , " he said . He believes Hendryx 's studies raise more questions than answers . Raney questions the validity of the CNN/ORC poll , too . "  I think you have to spend some time explaining that mountaintop mining is authorized by federal law , has been for years , " he said . The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International from July 18 to 20 , with 1,009 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The poll 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	In a CNN/ORC survey , 57 % said they oppose mountaintop removal mining . In the same poll , 36 % said they support the process . Recent studies show "  multiple illnesses " found in mining areas .
Greensboro , North Carolina  CNN  -- The wife of a former top aide to former presidential candidate John Edwards defended in testimony Tuesday having shot video in September 2008 of the house and possessions of Edwards ' pregnant mistress . "  I wanted proof that I really was taking care of Rielle Hunter , " said Cheri Young , whose husband , Andrew , was a top aide to the then-candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination , who is now facing federal corruption charges . Defense attorney Alan Duncan showed the jury the videotape of the North Carolina house leased by Hunter , who was in California and had not given her consent to the taping . A number of personal pictures , Hunter 's California driver 's license and a tentative list of baby names were shown to the camera . Young said she had not asked Hunter for permission because she assumed Hunter was out of the country on a trip planned by Edwards ' benefactor Fred Baron . "  I was n't looking through Ms. Hunter 's private things , " Young said . Asked why she was videotaping Hunter 's private items , Young responded , "  Things had gone sour " between the Youngs and Edwards , and Young wanted to be able to show that the money given to herself and her husband had , in fact , been spent on Hunter for such items as a lease on a house and furniture . Earlier in the day , Young had defended her husband 's motivations for writing a tell-all book about him . "  The only reason for my husband to write a book is because Mr. Edwards did not come forward and tell the truth , " she testified . She was responding to questions from Duncan about profits from the book . Young pointed to an interview with ABC News in August 2008 during which Edwards did not acknowledge having fathered a child by Hunter as a critical moment in the decision to write "  The Politician : An Insider 's Account of John Edwards 's Pursuit of the Presidency and the Scandal That Brought Him Down . " "  It was discussed as a way to completely tell the truth in 2008 , " she said . "  I wanted the truth to come out . " The defense pointed out that Cheri and Andrew Young stand to make more money if the book is used as the basis for a movie about the disgraced politician . "  Would you like to get additional income from the movie being made ? " the defense lawyer asked . To that , Cheri Young offered no apologies . "  Yeah , I 'll take income , " she said . But she maintained that the only reason she was still involved in the story was because of the court case . "  I came here because I had to come here , " she said . The defense also said Young has little first-hand knowledge of the events , i.e. , that most of what she knew she learned second-hand from her husband , not from primary sources . Young testified that she had not been in the same room with her husband when he made many of the calls that have been cited in the case . The defense also tried to assert that Andrew Young was drinking heavily in 2006 and 2007 , that it affected his memory and that he was mixing alcohol and Ambien . The prescription medication is used in the treatment of insomnia . Its combination with alcohol can increase the chance that a person taking the medication will experience side effects , according to the package insert . The defense added that Andrew Young 's work for Edwards was a source of tension in their marriage , which caused Cheri Young to resent her husband . She denied the claim . Cheri Young had testified Monday that Edwards told her that using money from one of his benefactors to pay his mistress 's expenses was legal . "  Get the money in , " said Edwards , who was then running for president , Cheri Young recalled Monday . Prosecutors say those donations , which were n't reported to federal authorities , were illegal and represent a chief reason Edwards is being tried on six felony counts . Also charged with conspiracy and making false statements , he could face up to 30 years in prison if convicted on all counts . Young testified Monday that she felt "  disgusted " after being asked to endorse and deposit checks from 101-year-old heiress Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon intended to pay Hunter 's expenses . Edwards , who was then married , eventually admitted having carried on an affair with Hunter , whom his campaign had hired as a videographer , and fathering her child . Cheri Young sobbed on the stand Monday after explaining her reaction to being told that Edwards wanted her husband to claim that he was the father of Hunter 's child . "  The first thing in my mind was how in the world Mr. Edwards could ask one more thing of us , " Young said of her thoughts at the time . Despite her reservations , Young said she participated in a December 2007 conference call with her husband , Edwards and the then-pregnant Hunter . "  Mr. Edwards was trying to get everyone on board , " Young testified . "  He talked  over and over about the campaign . " She said Edwards also said that he did n't want his wife , Elizabeth , who had been diagnosed with cancer , to find out about the affair and child . Elizabeth Edwards died of breast cancer in December 2010 . Andrew Young did once claim to be the father of Hunter 's child , though Edwards -- after losing his bid for the Democratic nomination -- acknowledged that the child was , in fact , his . He is accused of concealing $ 725,000 in contributions from Mellon and more than $ 200,000 from Texas lawyer Baron , who has since died , from the public and from the Federal Election Commission by filing false and misleading campaign disclosure reports . Edwards ' attorneys have argued that Andrew Young was involved in a ruse to extract hundreds of thousands of dollars from donors for his personal use . The former aide admitted during questioning by Edwards ' attorney that he used campaign donations for his own benefit , including to fund construction of a home that included a pool and a theater . CNN 's Ted Metzger , Eric Fiegel , Oliver Janney and Scott Garber contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Things had gone sour " with Edwards , Cheri Young says "  I wanted the truth to come out , " she adds The former presidential candidate faces federal corruption charges
CNN  -- Residents near a fast-growing wildfire in Southern California were evacuated Wednesday as hundreds of firefighters tried to contain the blaze that had grown to 1,700 acres . One firefighter suffered minor injuries , the Riverside County Fire Department said . There were no exact numbers on how many people had been evacuated from what 's being called the Summit Fire as of Wednesday evening , but authorities said a 200-unit mobile home park in Cherry Valley had been cleared . They also said some residents in Banning were told to leave their homes . Banning is about 25 miles west of Palm Springs . An evacuation center has been opened at the Banning Community Services Center , officials said . The fire department said on its website that 425 firefighters were involved in efforts to douse the flames . The state agency Cal Fire reported 30 % containment of the blaze just before 7 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  Wednesday . CNN affiliate KTLA said at least one home was burned as 30-mph winds drove the flames . The National Weather Service in San Diego said a red flag warning was in effect until Friday evening . Forecasters called for wind speeds between 15 and 25 mph with gusts up to 55 mph . CNN 's Cheri Mossburg , Erica Henry and Irving Last contributed to this report .	NEW : Cal Fire reports blaze is 30 % contained Fire had grown to 1,700 acres as of Wednesday night One firefighter was hurt , officials say ; CNN affiliate reports one home had burned
CNN  Some of the world 's most important museums are confirming what we 've suspected all along but did n't dare say : selfie sticks are stupid . If ever there was a product that preyed so heavily on our fear of insignificance , it 's the selfie stick , or as I like to call it , the narcisstick . But wait , there 's already a selfie stick company called exactly that , because it 's witty and ironic , right ? And not painfully honest . More and more museums in New York are announcing bans on the selfie stick . The Museum of Modern of Art  MoMA  has long removed the sticks from their exhibition halls to prevent damage to the artwork . If you 've ever set foot in MoMA you 'll know what a difficult experience it can be . Not because it is n't an exceptional art institution that 's given the world some of its most mind-expanding exhibitions . But because of other people . The MoMA is one of the world 's busiest museums -- add selfie sticks among the crowds and you 've got a recipe for disaster . The same situation can be found at many famous tourist landmarks . The Forbidden City in Beijing received 15 million visitors last year , more than any other museum in the world . I used to enjoy walking the palace grounds every time I passed through the capital city -- now that everyone 's got a selfie stick , I fear for my life . Am I being melodramatic ? Let 's just say , like seat belts and extramarital affairs , the selfie stick problem does n't hit home until someone gets hurt . An increasing number of sites have seen the potential hazard and put a stop to things before a "  tragedy " occurs . The Australian Open has banned selfie sticks , outside of designated selfie zones . Use of unauthorized selfie sticks in South Korea could get you fined . Sports and music stadiums around London have banned the stick , as well . Yet the real issue behind the selfie stick is the selfie itself . It 's somehow become socially acceptable for us to take the narcissism of adolescence and extend it thorough adulthood , manifested in selfies . I know I sound like a tired curmudgeon who probably does n't even know what Instagram is and hates Facebook . I 'm none of those things and , yes , I do enjoy the occasional guilty pleasure of a selfie , so I ca n't and wo n't be a hypocrite about it . The gallery above should prove that I understand . When it comes to traveling , though , when it comes to once-in-a-lifetime visits to sacred landmarks and world-class museums or wandering side streets in strange cities , I 'd hope that we could all turn the lens away from ourselves . Or simply put the camera away . Travel writer Paul Theroux once told his readers : "  I never bring a camera -- because taking pictures , I 've found , makes me less observant and interferes with my memory . " How much do we rely on photographs to remember our vacations ? Does it really matter that we have a formal permanent documentation of every moment of our travels ? What if we entirely let go of documenting and just simply experienced ? I tried it for a day . It is what I imagine skydiving would be like : terrifying at first , then exhilarating and finally , when I got my mind to stop subconsciously framing every street scene , I became more present than I 've ever been on a trip . In any case , selfies are a cliche that have always reminded me of Rowan Atkinson as that sad old buffoon , Mr. Bean , taking self-portraits with his teddy bear in front of Buckingham Palace . Instead of waving a glorified tree branch to take a slightly better version of a cliched shot , let 's just move on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zoe Li . Hong Kong-based freelancer Zoe Li writes regularly on Chinese art , culture , food and travel .	Museums in New York are imposing a ban on selfie sticks Selfie sticks are being prohibited in more and more places due to safety concerns The real issue behind the selfie stick may be the selfie itself
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday tried to draw a distinction between himself and GOP challenger Mitt Romney on contraceptives . He boasted that Obama 's Affordable Care Act gives insured women free contraception coverage , and said Romney thinks employers should decide whether women can get contraception through insurance . Obama made the statements at Tuesday 's presidential debate in Hempstead , New York . Romney , who has said he wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act and also takes issue with part of the contraceptive coverage rule , countered that Obama misrepresented his stance . The statements : Obama : "  A major difference in this campaign is that Gov. Romney feels comfortable having politicians in Washington decide the health care choices that women are making . I think that 's a mistake . In my health care bill , I said insurance companies need to provide contraceptive coverage to everybody who is insured . ... Gov. Romney not only opposed it , he suggested that in fact employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage . " Fact Check : Romney , women and jobs Romney : "  I do n't believe that bureaucrats in Washington should tell someone whether they can use contraceptives or not , and I do n't believe employers should tell someone whether they can have contraceptive care or not . Every woman in America should have access to contraceptives , and the president 's statement of my policy is completely and totally wrong . " The facts : To make sense of the statements , we should examine what the Affordable Care Act 's contraceptives rule does , and what Romney has said he objects to . The rule initially required most insurance plans to provide free contraception coverage to women . By August 2011 , the rule was amended to exempt certain religious employers , such as churches , synagogues and other houses of worship , from offering such coverage . But other religiously affiliated organizations , including colleges and hospitals , were not exempt , and religious groups objected . So , in February , the Obama administration announced what it called a compromise in which free contraception coverage still must be offered to employees of religiously affiliated colleges and hospitals , but health insurers -- rather than the employers -- would have to cover the cost . Churches and other houses of worship retained the full exemption , meaning women who worked there had no guarantee of full contraception coverage . The requirement went into effect August 1 , though the non-exempt religiously affiliated institutions such as colleges and hospitals can have up to August 1 , 2013 , to comply . Some conservatives and religious groups , including some affiliated with the Catholic Church , continued to object , saying the rule still infringed on religious liberty and set a dangerous precedent by distinguishing between church and church-affiliated groups for conscience clauses . Romney has said he would repeal the Affordable Care Act , which includes the contraceptives rule . He also opposes the contraceptives rule specifically . In August , his campaign released a TV ad accusing Obama of mounting a "  war on religion , " saying that the health care law forces religious institutions to "  go against their faith . " On February 10 , the day the Obama administration announced the compromise , Romney said the rule still was "  an assault on religious conviction , " and suggesting that the insurance companies that would be forced to pay for contraception for employees of religiously affiliated colleges and hospitals could try to pass the cost on to the employers . Around the same time , Romney said he supported a proposed amendment that would have allowed employers to opt out of providing health care coverage they disagreed with on moral grounds . The proposal , which was killed in the Senate in March , was Senate Republicans ' response to the controversy over contraception and religious employers , though it did n't specifically mention contraception . The proposal stated that the health care act imposes requirements that infringe on the rights and conscience of insurers and plan sponsors , and it would have established that an entity refusing coverage on religious or moral grounds is not in violation of the law . Conclusion : Obama 's health care act does require most insurers to provide free contraception coverage to women , as described above . Romney , while not opposing the availability of contraception , opposes the contraception rule , arguing it forces some religious institutions to go against their faith . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks CNN 's Jason Hanna , Caleb Hellerman and Diane Laposta contributed to this report .	Obama touts mandate for free contraception coverage for women President alleges Romney wants employers to decide who gets contraception through insurance Romney says characterization is incorrect Romney opposes mandate , saying it infringes on religious liberty , even with adjustments for some groups
London  CNN  -- The defense in the Oscar Pistorius murder case rested Tuesday , bringing to an end the latest phase of a trial which has lasted longer than the athlete 's relationship with Reeva Steenkamp , the girlfriend he killed . Closing arguments will begin August 7 , the judge ordered . The long delay may be because of the length of time it will take the legal teams on both sides to review the transcript of the case , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said . It 's thought to be as much as 4,000 pages long , covering a case that ran for 39 days between March 3 and July 8 . Pistorius , 27 , admits firing the bullets that killed Steenkamp , but he says he mistakenly thought he was defending himself from an intruder . Prosecutors say the two had an argument and he deliberately murdered the model and law school graduate , who was 29 . Following closing arguments , the judge will have to decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a mistake or deliberately murdered his girlfriend . If Judge Thokozile Masipa does not believe the athlete thought there was an intruder , she will find him guilty of murder and sentence him to a prison term ranging from 15 years to life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . If Masipa accepts that Pistorius did not know that Steenkamp was the person he was shooting at , she could find him guilty of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , or acquit him , according to Phelps , the CNN legal analyst . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at Masipa 's discretion .	Closing arguments will begin August 7 The athlete is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp He says he shot Steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intruder
CNN  -- Journalist Bob Woodward describes in his new book a secret U.S. program to assassinate terrorists in Iraq . CNN 's Michael Ware says , "  The U.S. subcontracted out an assassination program against al Qaeda ... in early 2006 . " Woodward , an associate editor of The Washington Post , says in "  The War Within : A Secret White House History 2006-2008 " that the assassination program , not the 2007 increase in U.S. forces in the war zone known as "  the surge , " is primarily responsible for the reduction of violence in Iraq . CNN Baghdad correspondent Michael Ware cast doubt on Woodward 's assertion Tuesday in a conversation with "  American Morning " host John Roberts . Watch Larry King on his talk with Woodward " John Roberts : What do you think of what Woodward is saying ? Michael Ware : Let 's say that these "  fusion teams , " as they 're being called , have come into effect . The first thing to say is , "  Well , about time . " On the ground you 've seen the lack of coordination as the left hand of one agency is not with the right hand of another agency within the American effort . But by and large , to suggest that anything like this being done now has been the major reason for the decline in violence is a bit rich . I mean , the U.S. subcontracted out an assassination program against al Qaeda way back in early 2006 . And this was conceded by the then-chief of military intelligence in Baghdad and by -LSB- U.S. -RSB- Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad himself . That 's what broke the back of al Qaeda . Then when America put 100,000-plus insurgents on the U.S. government payroll , including members of al Qaeda , that not only took them out of the field , but it also let them run their own assassination programs against the Iranian-backed militias . Roberts : So it sounds like assassination was a real part of the program here , but was that the only thing that worked ? What about the addition of these troops and these neighborhood stations that were set up ? Did it all kind of work together ? Ware : It does work together . But the key to the downturn in violence that we 're seeing now is not so much the surge of 30,000 troops in itself . What it 's been is the segregation of Baghdad into these enclaves . It 's been cutting a deal with Muqtada al-Sadr , the leader of the Iranian-backed militia . And primarily it 's been putting your enemy on your payroll -- the Sunni insurgents and many members of al Qaeda . That 's what 's brought down the violence . This is your American militia , the counterbalance to the Iranian militias . So if there 's new teams out there with new technology , great . But they 're riding the wave of previous success .	Bob Woodward credits assassination teams in large part for lower violence in Iraq CNN Baghdad correspondent Michael Ware says that 's not all of it Co-opting of insurgents and al Qaeda in Iraq had bigger impact , Ware says Deal with Muqtada al-Sadr , leader of Iranian-backed militia , also key , Ware says
CNN  -- The Coast Guard is searching for a man knocked into the Mobile River after high winds hit the area Wednesday , blowing the man 's security guard hut into the water and causing the Carnival Triumph cruise ship to break loose from its repair dock . The call to the Coast Guard came in at 1:45 p.m. CT as near hurricane-force winds smacked the Gulf Coast city of Mobile , Alabama . An official with the city 's fire department said earlier that the missing man and another person were in a guard shack at the BAE Shipyard that was blown into the Mobile River . One man has been recovered from the water . On the agency 's Twitter feed , the fire department said the Coast Guard , Mobile police and the sheriff department 's flotilla are now in charge of a "  recovery operation . " Some of the flotilla 's boats are equipped with sonar to find underwater objects . The Triumph , which was adrift for several hours , was secured at a dock at the Alabama Cruise Terminal on Wednesday night , officials said . Tugboats will remain next to ship as as precaution , Carnival said . Carnival spokeswoman Joyce Oliva said all of the company 's crew members and contractors on the ship have been accounted for . Photo : Watching Triumph drift from shore Wind gusts reached 66 mph Wednesday at nearby Brookley Field , according to the National Weather Service in Mobile , though a Carnival statement said the winds exceeded 70 mph . The Triumph has been at BAE Shipyard in the Port of Mobile since an engine fire in February left the cruise ship crippled and adrift in the Gulf of Mexico with more than 4,200 people aboard . For four days , tugboats guided the disabled ship into the port as passengers complained about miserable conditions on board . On Wednesday , it drifted across the shipyard after breaking free . Tugboats kept it from drifting farther down river , the Coast Guard said . CNN affiliate WKRG reported the cruise ship had a hole on the right side of the stern ; Carnival said an initial inspection found limited damage . Carnival said in late March the ship would be out of service until June 3 . In addition to repairs , workers will increase the number of systems and services that the Triumph and other Carnival ships can run on backup power . Will Carnival keep its customers ? Wednesday 's incident was the latest in several headline-making issues for one of the world 's leading cruise lines . Four of the company 's 23 ships have had problems in recent months . The cruise line has offered affected passengers refunds and discounts on future cruises . It faces a class-action lawsuit related to the Triumph 's last cruise , when passengers reported that food was scarce , cruise goers sweltered in the heat with no air conditioning , toilets overflowed and human waste ran down the walls in some parts of the ship . The problems have also prompted one U.S. lawmaker to propose a "  Cruise Ship Passenger Bill of Rights . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said he was asking the cruise industry to voluntarily sign on to a list of guidelines , including the right to backup power if generators fail and the right to disembark a docked ship "  if basic provisions can not adequately be provided on board . " He also called on the International Maritime Organization to investigate whether cruise lines are following existing guidelines , and whether existing standards are being enforced by countries where cruise ships that serve U.S. passengers are based . "  Cruise ships , in large part operating outside the bounds of United States enforcement , have become the Wild West of the travel industry , and it 's time to rein them in before anyone else gets hurt , " Schumer said in a statement . "  This bill of rights , based on work we 've done with the airline industry , will ensure that passengers are n't forced to live in third world conditions or put their lives at risk when they go on vacation . " Carnival reviews ships after incidents CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Joe Sutton contributed to this story .	NEW : Carnival says ship tied up at cruise terminal One person missing in incident , which came during high winds The ship has a gash in the stern , CNN affiliate reports Problem is the latest in a series of setbacks for the cruise line leader
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Suicide bombings targeting Shiite Muslims on Tuesday killed 16 people in Pakistan , 13 in Lahore and three in Karachi . The Lahore blast occurred in front of a market and near a procession of Shiite mourners commemorating the 40th day of Ashura , which observes the death of the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson . In Karachi , a suicide bomber riding a motorcycle blew himself up next to a police van at a security checkpoint outside another Shiite festival , police said . Two police officers were killed in the blast . Police say Shiites were the target . The attacks reflect the sectarian violence that erupts in Pakistan from time to time . Shiite Muslims are a minority in Pakistan , a Sunni majority country . Zahid Pervez , medical superintendent at a hospital in Lahore , told reporters that dead bodies , including one woman , were brought to the hospital . Police said at least four officers were killed . Pervez said 52 injured people were also brought to the hospital , and 15 of them were in critical condition . Shakir Ullah Shakir , a spokesman for the Fedayeen-e-Islam , said his group targeted the Lahore procession and labeled the Shiites enemies of Islam . The group is an offshoot of the Pakistani Taliban and Laskhar-e Jangvim Sunni militant groups who are notorious for targeting Pakistan 's Shiites . One of the senior leaders of Fedayeen-e Islam is Qari Hussein -- widely believed to be the trainer of child suicide bombers for the Pakistani Taliban . Nayab Haider , Lahore police spokesman , told CNN the suicide bomber was between 13 and 15 years old and that the boy tried to enter the procession carrying a bag . Moments after police stopped him , the attacker blew himself up , Haider said . Local TV reports showed footage of debris and rescue crews whisking away injured people . Pakistani intelligence agencies had warned Shiite religious leaders in Pakistan 's major cities about the threat of attacks targeting events commemorating the holy day .	Shiite Muslims were targets of the attacks , police say Shiite mourners were commemorating the 40th day of Ashura The Shiites are a minority in Sunni-dominated Pakistan
CNN  -- After Thursday 's vice presidential debate , MSNBC 's Lawrence O'Donnell was emphatic that moderator Martha Raddatz 's question about the role of the candidates ' faith in their positions on abortion had "  absolutely no business in a government that has a separation of church and state . " In the now-famous words of Vice President Joe Biden , "  That 's a bunch of malarkey . " All of us are guided by an internal code of morality , whether it is dictated by religion or by personal responsibility to humankind . Both Rep. Paul Ryan and Biden were explicit that their faith informs all of their decision-making , and that includes issues related to a woman 's body . "  I do n't see how a person can separate their public life from their private life or from their faith , " Ryan said . Biden echoed his sentiments , saying his religion "  defines " who he is and has "  particularly informed " his social doctrine .  The difference in their approaches lies in Biden 's refusal to shape national abortion policy according to his personal beliefs , an important distinction for candidates to make . While abortion is often framed as a matter of rights  with many women supporting it merely on principle rather than personal necessity  , its implications for women go far beyond the mere theoretical . For so many women , especially the 25 million women who are currently living in poverty , the ability to control when and whether they have children is the critical link to their family 's economic security . With so much of the presidential race focused on the economy , it is unfortunate that the campaigns have not drawn attention to the impact that unintended childbearing has on a woman 's personal economy . More than 10 % of American families are thrust into poverty within one month of the birth of a child . Since the United States is one of just a handful of industrialized countries worldwide that does n't mandate paid maternity leave , a new mother in America may be forced to return to work immediately after her child 's birth . And that is only if she is amongst the privileged few who is able to return to work at all . With the cost of child care exceeding the average cost of rent in half of all states , this woman may not be able to afford the child care she needs to continue working . Millions of American women are one unintended pregnancy away from financial despair . Where a candidate stands on reproductive rights influences everything from health care coverage to economic issues to basic human rights , all extremely relevant to a voter 's complete understanding of a presidential candidate and his closest advisers . The impact of a candidate 's religion on these issues matters . For women specifically , whose perspectives are often shaped differently from men 's due to biological factors and historical inequality , an explanation of a candidate 's position on abortion -- and the moral or religious justification that influenced that position -- is valuable in determining far more than the availability of a common medical procedure . In fact , a candidate 's full stance on abortion symbolizes their understanding of the realities of women 's lives and the actions necessary to enable American parents to live up to their responsibilities . Can the candidate reconcile anti-abortion religious teachings with respect for the legal right to make reproductive choices that impact the direction of women 's lives ? Will the candidate 's religion affect his or her support of policies that enable women to achieve equal success to men ? Martha Raddatz was a fantastic moderator . She challenged two wealthy , deeply religious men to articulate their spiritual basis for positions that have enormous significance to the vast majority of American women who do n't see themselves represented in political conversations about their bodies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anika Rahman .	Debate moderator was criticized for asking question about candidates ' faith and abortion Anika Rahman says the question gave voters important information Rahman : Can a candidate reconcile church teachings with reproductive rights ?
CNN  -- Little more than a year after he resigned in disgrace as prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi is campaigning to win his old job back -- for the fourth time . Berlusconi , the septuagenarian playboy billionaire nicknamed "  Il Cavaliere , " has been trailing in polls behind his center-left rival , Per Luigi Bersani . But the controversial media tycoon 's rise in the polls in recent weeks , combined with widespread public disillusionment and the quirks of Italy 's complex electoral system , means that nothing about the race is a foregone conclusion . Why have the elections been called now ? Italian parliamentarians are elected for five-year terms , with the current one due to end in April . However in December , Berlusconi 's People of Freedom Party  PdL  withdrew its support from the reformist government led by Mario Monti , saying it was pursuing policies that "  were too German-centric . " Monti subsequently resigned and the parliament was dissolved . Berlusconi -- the country 's longest serving post-war leader -- had resigned the prime ministerial office himself amidst a parliamentary revolt in November 2011 . He left at a time of personal and national crisis , as Italy grappled with sovereign debt problems and Berlusconi faced criminal charges of tax fraud , for which he was subsequently convicted . He remains free pending an appeal . He was also embroiled in a scandal involving a young nightclub dancer - which led him to be charged with paying for sex with an underage prostitute . He was replaced by Monti , a respected economist and former European Commissioner , who was invited by Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano to lead a cabinet of unelected technocrats . Monti 's government implemented a program of tax rises and austerity measures in an attempt to resolve Italy 's economic crisis . Who are the candidates ? The election is a four-horse race between political coalitions led by Bersani , Berlusconi , Monti , and the anti-establishment movement led by ex-comedian Beppe Grillo . Polls are banned within two weeks of election day , but the most recent ones had Bersani holding onto a slender lead over Berlusconi , followed by Grillo in distant third . READ MORE : Will Monte Paschi banking scandal throw open Italy 's election race ? The center-left alliance is dominated by the Democratic Party , led by Bersani . He is a former Minister of Economic Development in Romano Prodi 's government from 2006-8 -- and has held a comfortable lead in polls , but that appears to be gradually being eroded by Berlusconi . Italy 's political system encourages the forming of alliances , and the Democratic Party has teamed with the more left-wing Left Ecology Freedom party . The 61-year-old Bersani comes across as "  bluff and homespun , and that 's part of his appeal -- or not , depending on your point of view , " said political analyst James Walston , department chair of international relations at the American University of Rome . He described Bersani , a former communist , as a "  revised apparatchik , " saying the reform-minded socialist was paradoxically "  far more of a free marketeer than even people on the right . " Bersani has vowed to continue with Monti 's austerity measures and reforms , albeit with some adjustments , if he wins . At second place in the polls is the center-right alliance led by Berlusconi 's PdL , in coalition with the right-wing , anti-immigration Northern League . Berlusconi has given conflicting signals as to whether he is running for the premiership , indicating that he would seek the job if his coalition won , but contradicting that on other occasions . In a recent speech , he proposed himself as Economy and Industry Minister , and the PdL Secretary Angelino Alfano as prime minister . Roberto Maroni , leader of the Northern League , has said the possibility of Berlusconi becoming prime minister is explicitly ruled out by the electoral pact between the parties , but the former premier has repeatedly said he plays to win , and observers believe he is unlikely to pass up the chance to lead the country again if the opportunity presents itself . Berlusconi has been campaigning as a Milan court weighs his appeal against a tax fraud conviction , for which he was sentenced to four years in jail last year . The verdict will be delivered after the elections ; however , under the Italian legal system , he is entitled to a further appeal in a higher court . Because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire this year , meaning there is a good chance none of the defendants will serve any prison time . He is also facing charges in the prostitution case  and that he tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was accused of theft  -- and in a third case stands accused of revealing confidential court information relating to an investigation into a bank scandal in 2005 . Despite all this , he retains strong political support from his base . "  Italy is a very forgiving society , it 's partly to do with Roman Catholicism , " said Walston . "  There 's sort of a ` live and let live ' idea . " Monti , the country 's 69-year-old technocrat prime minister , who had never been a politician before he was appointed to lead the government , has entered the fray to lead a centrist coalition committed to continuing his reforms . The alliance includes Monti 's Civic Choice for Monti , the Christian Democrats and a smaller centre-right party , Future and Freedom for Italy . As a "  senator for life , " Monti is guaranteed a seat in the senate and does not need to run for election himself , but he is hitting the hustings on behalf of his party . In a climate of widespread public disillusionment with politics , comedian and blogger Beppe Grillo is also making gains by capturing the protest vote with his Five Star Movement . Grillo has railed against big business and the corruption of Italy 's political establishment , and holds broadly euro-skeptical and pro-environmental positions . How will the election be conducted ? Italy has a bicameral legislature and a voting system which even many Italians say they find confusing . Voters will be electing 315 members of the Senate , and 630 members of the Chamber of Deputies . Both houses hold the same powers , although the Senate is referred to as the upper house . Under the country 's closed-list proportional representation system , each party submits ranked lists of its candidates , and is awarded seats according to the proportion of votes won -- provided it passes a minimum threshold of support . Seats in the Chamber of Deputies are on a national basis , while seats in the senate are allocated on a regional one . The party with the most votes are awarded a premium of bonus seats to give them a working majority . The prime minister needs the support of both houses to govern . Who is likely to be the next prime minister ? On current polling , Bersani 's bloc looks the likely victor in the Chamber of Deputies . But even if he maintains his lead in polls , he could fall short of winning the Senate , because of the rules distributing seats in that house on a regional basis . Crucial to victory in the Senate is winning the region of Lombardy , the industrial powerhouse of the north of Italy which generates a fifth of the country 's wealth and is a traditional support base for Berlusconi . Often compared to the U.S. state of Ohio for the "  kingmaker " role it plays in elections , Lombardy has more Senate seats than any other region . If no bloc succeeds in controlling both houses , the horse-trading begins in search of a broader coalition . Walston said that a coalition government between the blocs led by Bersani and Monti seemed "  almost inevitable , " barring something "  peculiar " happening in the final stages of the election campaign . Berlusconi , he predicted , would "  get enough votes to cause trouble . " What are the main issues ? There 's only really one issue on the agenda at this election . The eurozone 's third largest economy is hurting , with unemployment surpassing 11 % -- and hitting 37 % for young people . Voters are weighing the question of whether to continue taking Monti 's bitter medicine of higher taxation and austerity measures , while a contentious property tax is also proving a subject of vexed debate . Walston said the dilemma facing Italians was deciding between "  who 's going to look after the country better , or who 's going to look after my pocket better . " He said it appeared voters held far greater confidence in the ability of Monti and Bersani to fix the economy , while those swayed by appeals to their own finances may be more likely to support Berlusconi . But he said it appeared that few undecided voters had any faith in Berlusconi 's ability to follow through on his pledges , including a recent promise to reverse the property tax . What are the ramifications of the election for Europe and the wider world ? Improving the fortunes of the world 's eighth largest economy is in the interests of Europe , and in turn the global economy . Italy 's woes have alarmed foreign investors . However , financial commentator Nicholas Spiro , managing director of consultancy Spiro Sovereign Strategy , says the European Central Bank 's bond-buying program has gone a long way to mitigating investors ' concerns about the instability of Italian politics . Why is political instability so endemic to Italy ? Italy has had more than 60 governments since World War II -- in large part as a by-product of a system designed to prevent the rise of another dictator . Parties can be formed and make their way on to the political main stage with relative ease -- as witnessed by the rise of Grillo 's Five Star Movement , the protest party which was formed in 2009 but in local and regional elections has even outshone Berlusoni 's party at times . Others point to enduringly strong regional identities as part of the recipe for the country 's political fluidity . READ MORE : Italian Elections 2013 : Fame di sapere  hunger for knowledge	Silvio Berlusconi is campaigning to win his old job back for the fourth time The eurozone 's third largest economy is hurting , with unemployment surpassing 11 % Pier Luigi Bersani of the center-left Democratic Party is expected to narrowly win Italy 's political system encourages the forming of alliances
Los Angeles  CNN  The man whose hit-and-run death led to the arrest of former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight was also a former rap label owner as well as a father figure to wayward youths and gang members , a friend said Friday . Terry Carter , 55 , was n't a product of the thug life , but he did found and own the defunct Heavyweight Records , said friend Darcell Carraway , 38 . Carter mentored young men to a better life , Carraway said . His death "  will bring a lot of people together , you know , from all different walks of life , Bloods , Crips , ex-gang members , current gang members , whatever , people on the streets , foster kids , whatever the case may be , " Carraway said . "  It 's a sad day for them , " he added . Carter was also a friend and acquaintance of Knight through their work in making rap records , said Carraway , who was a writer for Heavyweight Records during its business run between 1997 and 2000 . "  They became friends through mutual friends , and they hit it off and they were cool , " Carraway said . "  From my understanding , they had no issues whatsoever . They were friends . They respected each other . "  To my knowledge , there was no altercations ever whatsoever between him and Suge Knight , " Carraway said . Knight is being held in lieu of $ 2 million bond in the death of Carter pending a court appearance , which is n't expected until at least Monday , according to Jane Robison , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office . "  Knight arrested for murder in connection to fatal traffic incident in Compton , " the Los Angeles County Sheriff tweeted . Police in Los Angeles say a man matching Knight 's description drove over Carter and another man with his red pickup truck in Compton , a city adjacent to south Los Angeles that 's renowned in rap music . The pickup truck driver ran over the two men again as he sped away from the scene . The condition of the second man , Cle Sloan , 51 , was n't disclosed by police . "  So far , people we talked to said it looked like it was an intentional act . So we 're handling it as a homicide , " Los Angeles police Lt. John Corina said . The hit-and-run stemmed from an argument Knight allegedly had on the set of the N.W.A. biopic "  Straight Outta Compton " and then spilled over to the parking lot of Tam 's Burgers . The film is about how "  the group NWA emerges from the streets of Compton , California in the mid-1980s and revolutionizes pop culture with their music and tales about life in the hood , " according to IMDB . One character is named Suge Knight , and other characters are named after other prominent rap figures , IMDB says . Paul Giamatti is among the cast . Universal Pictures listed a release date of August 14 . On the violent streets of south Los Angeles , Carter had urged a better life for youths and young men , Carraway said . "  He was just a father figure basically to me and an array of others who were inner-city youth , troubled youth , gang members , ex-gang members , that type of thing , " Carraway said . "  He was a person that reached out to a lot of people to help then get on their feet , helped them put food on their tables , helped them become entrepreneurs . He gave a lot of direction to a lot of us who did n't have fathers growing up and things of that nature , " Carraway said . "  He taught us positive stuff . " More recently , Carraway saw Carter at Carter 's grandson 's birthday party on December 20 , Carraway said . "  Because of people like Terry , I was able to put my foot forward and make something of myself , " Carraway said . Knight , 49 , turned himself in to Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department investigators early Friday . CNN affiliate KCAL-TV and the Los Angeles Times quoted Knight 's attorney , James Blatt , as saying Knight feared for his life and was trying to flee when the incident happened . "  We feel strongly Mr. Knight did not do anything wrong in this matter . He was attacked by a number of individuals , that has already been corroborated by certain witnesses . He left the scene because he was in fear for his safety and life , " he said . In a conversation with CNN before the arrest , Blatt declined to confirm to CNN whether Knight was driving . Police say Knight allegedly tracked the two men to the lot . "  A red pickup truck is involved in this , and those people were also at the other altercation , so yes , it all suggests that he was the person driving that truck , " Corina said . "  It looks like he drove backward and struck the victims . And then went forward and struck them again as he left , " Corina said . Officers later found Knight 's Ford Raptor abandoned in Westwood . Early Friday , Knight , accompanied by his lawyer , turned himself in at the West Hollywood Sheriff 's Station , where homicide detectives were interviewing him . Knight founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 , signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg  since then known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . But then his fortunes began to dwindle with a series of run-ins with the law . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two other people were wounded in a shoorting while they were inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . In October , he was busted along with comedian Micah "  Katt " Williams for allegedly stealing a photographer 's camera . "  Straight Outta Compton , " the movie set where the argument began Thursday , chronicles the rise of N.W.A , one of the most controversial rap acts of all time . Who is Suge Knight ? CNN 's Michael Martinez , Sara Sidner , Jason Kravarik , Sonya Hamasaki and Stella Chan reported from Los Angeles . Tina Burnside , Saeed Ahmed and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Killed was Terry Carter , 55 , a former rap label owner and "  father figure " on L.A. streets Carter and Marion "  Suge " Knight were acquaintances in rap music circles , friend says "  Because of people like Terry , I was able to ... make something of myself , " friend adds
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Cheering Laker fans crowded onto roofs , balconies and sidewalks along a two-mile stretch of downtown Los Angeles Monday to celebrate another NBA championship . Los Angeles police would not estimate the crowd size , but unofficial reports ranged from 500,000 to two million people converging along the parade route . The Los Angeles Lakers rode on top of a slow-moving flat-bed truck , waving to the massive throng . At least six people were arrested along the parade route , LAPD Officer Rosario Herrera said . She did not have details about the arrests . Asked how many police officers were on the streets to control the crowds , she would only say there was "  a sufficient amount of officers out there for parade . " It has been called the "  back-to-back " parade , since it was the second consecutive championship for the Lakers . The team repeated as NBA champs by beating the Boston Celtics last week in game 7 of the NBA finals . It was their 16th NBA title .	Lakers ' parade followed 2-mile downtown route Crowd estimates uncertain , but in hundreds of thousands LAPD reports 6 arrests
CNN  -- A grisly murder-suicide in the upscale Brisbane neighborhood of Teneriffe has shocked residents of the Queensland city . Mayang Prasetyo , an Indonesian living and working in the city , was allegedly murdered by her boyfriend , Marcus Peter Volke , who later took his own life , local media has reported . After residents complained of smells similar to "  dog food " and "  rotting meat " emanating from the couple 's apartment , police investigated . Upon entry , officers found human remains , a Queensland Police Service  QPS  statement said . Police said they found "  various body parts " cooking in chemicals , according to reports . Further remains were found in garbage bags . Police have yet to formally identify either Prasetyo or Volke . "  Post mortems are being conducted at present and results wo n't be released for a couple days , only after that time will they officially identify the deceased , " a QPS communications officer told CNN . Volke , a chef , fled the street-level apartment when police arrived at the scene . His body was later found in the neighborhood . He appears to have died of a self-inflicted wound , reports said . Tributes poured in on Prasetyo 's Facebook page , with friends describing her as an "  amazing soul " and a "  happy , cheerful person . " Prasetyo , a transgender cabaret dancer , met Volke on board a cruise ship that they both were working on . Australian media reported that she was working as a "  high class prostitute " and using her earnings to fund the education of family members in Indonesia . Voke 's mother told Brisbane media that he and Prasetyo were "  starting to get settled " in Brisbane after an itinerant life aboard cruise ships . The Brisbane Times reported that Volke was an "  outspoken opponent " of violence against women , and animal cruelty . His hometown newspaper , the Courier in Ballarat , Victoria , however , quoted an unnamed schoolmate describing Volke as "  always a little different . He was n't a happy-go-lucky guy like the rest of us -- he was a bit dark . " He did not have a criminal record or history of mental illness , and authorities have not released a motive for the murder .	Authorities are investigating an apparent murder-suicide in an upscale Brisbane suburb An Indonesian transgender sex worker 's boyfriend is suspected of cooking her remains in their apartment The suspect , Volke , appears to have taken his own life after running from police
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A young , female suicide bomber was behind a blast in Pakistan that killed at least 46 people and injured 105 others at a food distribution point , an official said Sunday . Zakir Hussain Afridi , the top government official in Bajaur Agency , Pakistan , said that the preliminary investigation into the explosion shows that a girl between the ages of 16 and 18 blew herself up . The determination was made from remains of the bomber that were recovered . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for Saturday 's blast in that Asian nation 's tribal region . Azam Tariq , the central spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , told CNN in a phone call that it targeted people who had formed what he called a pro-government and anti-Taliban group . The blast took place about 600 meters from a U.N. World Food Programme distribution point at a security checkpoint in Khar , according to Amjad Jamal , a spokesman for the agency . He said that more than 300 people were going through a security screening to get food and other items at the time of the explosion . Khar is the headquarters of Bajaur Agency , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan . Jamal said that those who had been internally displaced during military efforts in Bajaur Agency get a month 's supply of food and other goods . Afridi said that the suicide bomber was in a burqa , a traditional full-body covering worn by some Muslim women . He said she was stopped for a security check at a checkpoint , where she detonated herself . The official said it was the first instance of a female suicide bomber in Pakistan that he could recall , though various international news groups have reported at least one previous case of a female suicide bomber in the country . The New York Times reported a woman detonated explosives in Peshawar in 2007 , killing herself . The Pakistani Taliban denied that the bomber was a woman . "  We have thousands of male suicide bombers ready who are keenly waiting for their turns . Then why would we use a woman , which is against the traditions of Islam ? " the Pakistani Taliban 's Azam Tariq said . Jamal said all staff members of the World Food Programme and its partner organizations are safe , but added that all four of the program 's food distribution points in Bajaur Agency have been temporarily closed for security reasons . Still , the U.N. agency will continue to provide services elsewhere in the country , Jamal said . U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement condemning Saturday 's "  outrageous terrorist attack , " which he called "  an affront to the people of Pakistan and to all humanity . " "  The United States stands with the people of Pakistan in this difficult time , and will strongly support Pakistan 's efforts to ensure greater peace , security and justice for its people , " Obama said . The blast took place a day after about 150 militants fired at five security checkpoints in Mohmand Agency -- another of the seven districts in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region along the Afghan border -- killing 11 soldiers . Security forces later killed 40 militants who were among the group , authorities said Saturday . The security forces pounded militant hideouts in Mohmand Agency with helicopter gunships , said Maqsood Amin , a senior government official in the area . Twenty-four militants were killed during retaliation Friday while 16 were targeted Saturday . CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	An official says the suicide bomber was a teenager President Obama says the "  outrageous attack " is "  an affront ... to all humanity " The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the blast , which killed at least 46 people A U.N. spokesman says more than 300 people were going through security to get food
CNN  -- Are those airline baggage and cancellation fees taking a bite out of your wallet ? They 're certainly making money for U.S. airlines , which collected $ 6.16 billion last year : $ 3.35 billion in baggage fees and $ 2.81 billion in reservation change fees , according to U.S. Department of Transportation data released Monday . That 's a slight increase from $ 6.04 billion collected in 2012 . Those ancillary fees helped the 26 passenger U.S. airlines make a net profit of $ 12.7 billion in 2013 , up from a profit of $ 98 million in 2012 . Delta Air Lines topped the list , collecting $ 1.67 billion last year : $ 840 million in reservation change/cancellation fees and $ 833 million in baggage fees . United Airlines came in second place , with $ 1.38 billion in fees : $ 756 million in reservation cancellation/change fees and nearly $ 625 million in baggage fees . And the world 's best airport is ... The new airline created by the merger of American Airlines and U.S. Airways , which are still reporting their data separately , would have topped the list if their fees were added together . The combined airline collected more than $ 1 billion in baggage fees and $ 848 million in reservation cancellation and change fees . Reporting as two airlines , American ranked third in the reservation cancellation and change fee category , collecting $ 521 million in fees , while US Airways came in fourth place with $ 327 million . U.S. Airways was third for baggage fees with $ 528 million , while American collected $ 506 million to come in fourth . American was the first U.S. airline to charge customers to check bags in June 2008 , for a fee of $ 15 . That year , American collected $ 277,991 in baggage fees , according to Department of Transportation data . Other U.S. airlines quickly followed suit , and as a group they collected $ 1.1 million that year . Fees have since crept up ; American now charges $ 25 for the first checked bag , with some exceptions . . Which extra fees do you pay for when you fly and which fees will you not pay ? Please share in the comments section below .	U.S. airlines made $ 6.16 billion in baggage and reservation change fees last year Delta Air Lines made the most money in fees , collecting more than $ 1.6 billion The combined American-U.S. Airways airline may top Delta next year
CNN  You probably never knew her name , but you were familiar with her work . Betty Whitehead Willis , the designer of the iconic "  Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas " sign , died over the weekend . She was 91 . Willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city . The Neon Museum also credits her with designing the signs for Moulin Rouge Hotel and Blue Angel Motel Willis visited the Neon Museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday . Born about 50 miles outside of Las Vegas in Overton , she attended art school in Pasadena , California , before returning home . She retired at age 77 . Willis never trademarked her most-famous work , calling it "  my gift to the city . " Today it can be found on everything from T-shirts to refrigerator magnets . People we 've lost in 2015	Willis never trademarked her most-famous work , calling it "  my gift to the city " She created some of the city 's most famous neon work
CNN  -- Having established itself as Apple 's top tablet competitor by going smaller and cheaper , Amazon will now go head to head with the category-defining iPad on its own turf . Even as Google 's new Nexus 7 challenges the Kindle Fire for dominance in the small-tablet category , Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos on Thursday introduced a new , 8.9-inch Kindle Fire HD . That pits the new device , which will ship in late November , against a device with which Apple has , thus far , squashed all direct competition . No tablet that has tried to match the iPad feature-for-feature has gained more than a token foothold in the market . So , how do the latest version of the iPad and the Kindle Fire HD stack up ? Because only a few people have gotten their hands on the new device , some questions ca n't be answered yet . But here 's a look at what we do know so far : Price The Fire comes out way ahead on this one , as is to be expected from Amazon , which has targeted customers looking for the basic features of a tablet but not willing to pay Apple 's heftier price tag . For $ 499 , the cost of the lowest-end iPad  the 16GB , WiFi-only model  , a buyer can get a 32GB version of the Fire HD with a 4G LTE connection on an upgraded cellular network . The 16GB version of the Fire comes in at $ 299 , or $ 200 less than the comparable iPad . Size While Amazon obviously closed the gap significantly , the iPad still has a bigger screen than the Fire . Apple 's iPad screen measures 9.7 inches diagonally , while the Fire is at 8.9 inches . That 's less than the difference between the screen sizes on the iPhone 4S and the larger Samsung Galaxy S III smartphones .  There 's speculation the iPhone 5 will have a larger screen  . But competition between Apple and Amazon could heat up on another front if rumors that Apple plans to release an "  iPad Mini " turn out to be true . Display Both tablets feature high-definition screens , although the details vary . The iPad 's "  retina display " featured a total of 3.1 million pixels , with a resolution of 2,048 by 1,536 . By contrast , the Fire HD measures 1,920 x 1,200 pixels , with custom features designed to reduce glare and improve color saturation . Both Apple and Amazon boast that the resolution on their tablet is so sharp that it 's impossible for the human eye to discern individual pixels . Data plans Until now , the Kindle Fire has been a WiFi-only device , and some of its new models remain that way . But Bezos announced that the top-end version of the Fire HD is available in 4G . The plan is offered at an attractive price of $ 50 a year . But that price gets you 250 MB of data per month -- not a lot for a device designed in large part to stream movies and other media . It was unclear Thursday what the charges will be for going over the allotted data . The $ 50 is well under what AT&T and Verizon charge for a year of data on the iPad . When the first iPad launched , AT&T offered data plans starting at $ 15 per month , or $ 180 per year , for 250 megabytes of data . Currently , Verizon offers a variety of plans , from 1GB of data per month for $ 20  or $ 240 per year  all the way up to a massive 8GB per month for $ 80  $ 960  . AT&T offers a 250MB per month plan  the same as the Fire  for $ 15 , or $ 180 per year . For $ 5 more , customers can get up to 2GB per month . There are obviously lots of permutations of plans customers can seek out for iPads , based on carrier and special offers . It 's safe to say Amazon 's is going to be less expensive , although it offers a minimal amount of data . Apps It 's hard to compete with Apple 's App Store . There are more than 225,000 apps designed specifically for the iPad . Many work to take advantage of its display and screen size . Add the more than a half-million apps that run on mobile devices and you 've got a lot from which to choose . Amazon , of course , likes to play up the movies and books that make up its universe of content  and the sale of which make Kindle prices possible  . Bezos lumped together more than 22 million movies , TV shows , songs , apps , games , books , audiobooks and magazines available from Amazon 's store . He showcased a few , nice-looking new apps . But while the Kindle Fire runs a modified version of Google 's Android operating system , it only runs apps available from Amazon . That cuts the number available down to several thousand -- more than enough for many users , but nowhere near what the iPad offers .	Amazon 's Kindle Fire HD goes head-to-head with the iPad The Fire wins on price , coming in $ 200 less than Apple 's cheapest tablet But there are 225,000 apps designed for the iPad , a dominating number Both tablets offer high-definition displays
CNN  -- Who inspired the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee to throw a million bucks at South Dakota ? A country singing troubadour candidate who plays guitar , drives a minivan and makes a GOP tracker the star of his latest web ad . Meet Rick Weiland , the Democratic hopeful who 's trailing former Republican Governor Mike Rounds in a four-way race that also includes former Republican Senator Larry Pressler , running as an Independent and Gordon Howie , also an independent . The ad features Weiland performing a modified version of the song "  Wagon Wheel , " which was originally written by Bob Dylan and later made popular by the band Old Crow Medicine Show . The original song 's chorus "  rock me momma like a wagon wheel " resonates well with both pop and country music fans . Weiland , who has been turning popular music into campaign ads since the start of his campaign , was looking for a song that would connect more with millennials . "  I was driving around one day and that song came on " Weiland said . He then thought , "  Well , that 's gon na work . " When Weiland first started making music videos into campaign ads , he admitted it that it takes a lot of courage . "  We were a little concerned because no one had done it before , " he said , "  but we figured , what the heck , let 's just keep coming up with good songs . It 's been a lot of fun . " Wieland has also turned music into a family tradition , performing in a band with his two daughters , his brother and nephew called the "  Take It Back Band . " They perform regularly throughout South Dakota and even hold music festival events called "  Rick-Stock , " which is an obvious take on the famous Woodstock festival . Weiland started combing music and politics in 1997 when he was a Regional Director for FEMA under the Cinton administration . "  We actually wrote some great FEMA songs , " he said while reflecting on his time traveling with his former FEMA colleague and friend David DeCourcy . With years of experience playing and traveling on the road , it 's safe to say Weiland took this latest musical endeavor to a new level , modifying the lyrics to fit his campaign message . He plays the guitar while singing his own chorus , "  So I 'm runnin ' for the Senate but I ai n't a big wheel , do n't have an army , just my automobile . " Weiland might not be running a $ 9 million campaign like his Republican opponent Mike Rounds aims to raise , but he does have a new million-dollar bump to sing about . The DSCC will spend $ 1 million on the race , mostly for television ads and to support field operations , Bloomberg Politics first reported . "  The DSCC obviously must think I can win , " he said . "  After slugging on my own here for more than a year and half with very little money , I have n't spent all my time fundraising , I 've spent my money going to town to town and people are going to vote someone who has earned the privilege to represent them , not someone who is trying to buy their way in . " But it looks like the money wo n't help Weiland produce another "  Wagon Wheel " style ad , with the funds expected to flood airwaves with attack ads hitting GOP nominee Rounds . That 's something groups have already done , with ads attacking Rounds over his alleged involvement in a visa program scandal in the state . Those types of ads will likely help Weiland , but could also be a boon for Pressler , the independent who surged into second place in a SurveyUSA poll released Wednesday . Weiland is now trailing both Rounds and Pressler by seven and four points , respectively , according to the poll . And the poll indicates Pressler is mostly pulling votes away from Weiland . The investment in attack ads , rather than pro-Weilland ads suggests Democrats are confident either a Weiland or Pressler victory will help them keep control of the Senate . Bloomberg Politics reported that Democrats are confident Pressler , who endorsed Obama in 2008 and 2012 , would caucus with Democrats if elected to the Senate , though Pressler has not said who he would side with . It would n't be the first time this year Democrats have pinned their hopes on an Independent candidate polling better than his Democratic counterpart . In Kansas , Democrats pulled their nominee out of the race to bolster businessman Greg Orman 's bid to unseat Republican Sen. Pat Roberts . Orman also has not said who he would caucus with , though Republicans have tried to paint him as "  Obama 's candidate for the Senate . " Pressler also wo n't get a chance to reproduce his style of advertising , one of which played up a popular Hollywood movie . Pressler 's campaign even bought air time during the Oscars to play up the fact that he turned down a bribe in the Abscam scandal depicted in the movie "  American Hustle . " As for Weiland , he 's going to keep on campaigning on the ground , and keep on singing . He revealed he has one more campaign music video to release before the Nov. 4 election . It 's going to be a modified Johnny Cash classic , but instead of "  I Walk The Line " it 'll be called "  I Draw The Line " and will go after one of Weiland 's campaign staples , getting big money out of politics . Also , here is the Old Crow Medicine Show 's version of "  Wagon Wheel . " . CNN 's Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report .	Rick Weiland is the Democratic hopeful in South Dakota 's Senate race . He rewrites popular songs for his campaign videos , including "  Wagon Wheel . " Weiland is one of four Senate hopefuls in the race . He 's got another video on the way before the Nov. 4 election .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Scientists in the United States are developing a "  synthetic tree " capable of collecting carbon around 1,000 times faster than the real thing . A conceptual design of how the "  synthetic tree " might look should they ever reach the stage of production . As the wind blows though plastic "  leaves , " the carbon is trapped in a chamber , compressed and stored as liquid carbon dioxide . The technology is similar to that used to capture carbon from flue stacks at coal-fired power plants , but the difference is that the "  synthetic tree " can catch carbon anytime , anywhere . "  Half of your emissions come from small , distributed sources where collection at the site is either impossible or impractical , " said Professor Klaus Lackner , Ewing-Worzel Professor of Geophysics in the Department of Earth and Environmental Engineering at Columbia University . "  We aim for applications like gasoline in cars or jet fuel in airplanes . We are going after CO2 that otherwise is nearly impossible to collect , " he told CNN . While the idea of carbon-catchers may sound far-fetched , an early model has been built and Lackner is in the process of writing a proposal for consideration by the U.S. Department of Energy . He personally explained the concept in a 45-minute meeting with U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu last month at a three-day symposium on climate change in London . "  He was there and I was there and he showed interest , " Lackner told CNN . "  That 's exciting , but I do n't particularly want to discuss this in a public forum because I think this gives me a little bit of an opportunity to tailor my proposals to the Department of Energy in a way that makes them more palatable . " Lackner started working on the concept of an ambient carbon catcher in 1998 . "  I argued back then and I still argue that the reason this can be done , from a theoretical point of view , is that the CO2 in the air is actually surprisingly concentrated , therefore the device you need to collect CO2 is quite small . " The "  synthetic tree " looks more like a public convenience block than a hi-tech method of reducing carbon emissions , but Lackner told CNN it is highly efficient for its size when compared , for example , to a modern power-generating wind turbine . "  If you give me one of those big windmills which have those big areas through which the rotor moves -- how much CO2 can I avoid ? And if I had an equally sized CO2 collector -- how much CO2 can I collect ? It turns out the collector is several hundred times better than the windmill . " Is the "  synthetic tree " an interesting alternative , or a scientific flight of fancy that 's unlikely to happen ? Sound Off below . Lackner told CNN that initial concerns over the cost of the technology were focused on the "  front-end " carbon collector , including the sorbent used to catch the carbon dioxide in the air . But after years of research , Lackner told CNN he and his colleagues have developed a sorbent that is "  close to the ideal , " in that it uses a relatively small amount of energy to release the CO2 and is not prohibitively expensive . "  By the time we make liquid CO2 we have spent approximately 50 kilojoules -LSB- of electricity -RSB- per mole of CO2 . " Compare that , Lackner said , to the average power plant in the U.S. which produces one mole of CO2 with every 230 kilojoules of electricity . "  In other words , if we simply plugged our device in to the power grid to satisfy its energy needs , for every roughly 1000 kilograms -LSB- of carbon dioxide -RSB- we collected we would re-emit 200 , so 800 we can chalk up as having been successful , " he said . Lackner told CNN the biggest cost was at the "  back-end " of the collector , primarily the technology used to release the CO2 from the sorbent . He said for that reason , on a cost-basis , the "  synthetic tree " could not compete with modern coal-fired power plants that are designed to release fewer carbon emissions than their older predecessors . But he said when compared to the cost of retro-fitting an existing coal plant , the "  synthetic tree " becomes more viable . "  The bottom line is we have in this way the ability to deal with the problem at a cost which is somewhat higher than on a coal-fired power plant retro-fit , but not much higher . " Besides , he said , the technology is not being developed as an alternative to the carbon capture and storage methods currently being tested for large-scale use on coal-fired power stations . He 's targeting carbon that 's already in the air . The concept of the "  synethic tree " has caught the imagination of one of the first scientists to warn the world about global warming , Lackner 's colleague at Columbia University , Newberry Professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences , Professor Wally Broecker . "  I 'm extremely excited about this . I think this is something that the world 's going to have to have , unfortunately , " Broecker told CNN from Madrid where he received a BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award for his work on the issue of climate change . Broecker told CNN most people still do n't recognize the magnitude of the task the world faces in reducing global carbon emissions , and it was likely that one day urgent action would need to be taken , above and beyond the current measures being discussed . "  We 're probably not going to stop CO2 rising until it 's double what it was near-1800 and maybe even more than that , " he said . "  I think we will find that the planet is too warm , ice is melting too fast ... and we 'll want to bring the CO2 back down again . The only way we can do that on a short timescale would be to pull it back out of the atmosphere . " Broecker told CNN the units could stand in the middle of Australia , for example , and their presence would n't significantly disrupt the atmospheric distribution . "  Each unit would take out a ton of CO2 a day -- which would be the amount of CO2 produced by 20 average automobiles in the U.S.A. And the cost of each unit would be about the cost of a Toyota . So that would mean if you added a five percent surcharge on automobile purchases that money could go to building units to remove the CO2 those vehicles are going to create . "	"  Synthetic tree " would capture carbon dioxide in the air to reduce emissions Trapped carbon would be compressed to liquid CO2 ready for sequestration Technology is being developed by scientists at Columbia University in the U.S. Broecker : "  I think this is something that the world 's going to have to have "
The Obama administration will push for a $ 156 million increase in funding for Alzheimer 's research over the next two years , the Department of Health and Human Services announced Tuesday . The National Institutes of Health will commit another $ 50 million in funding this year , and the White House will propose an additional $ 80 million as part of President Barack Obama 's budget proposal for the next fiscal year . The new research funding will help support both basic and clinical research designed in part to improve therapy and identify genes associated with a heightened risk of the disease . Another $ 26 million would be allocated starting next year for caregiver support , education , and public awareness , among other things . Currently , the NIH spends $ 450 million annually on research into Alzheimer 's , which afflicts as many as 5.1 million Americans . The total number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could more than double by 2050 , according to the federal government . Alzheimer 's : Early detection , risk factors are crucial Alzheimer 's is "  a disease that takes a devastating toll on millions of Americans , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said . "  Reducing the burden of Alzheimer 's disease on patients and their families is an urgent national priority . " CNN Photos : The past and present of Alzheimer 's patients Tuesday 's announcement was part of the administration 's "  We Ca n't Wait " initiative , a series of measures designed to highlight executive branch action in contrast to legislative gridlock . While researchers welcomed the proposed increase , they also noted that funding for Alzheimer 's still lags significantly compared to funding for other major ailments . Last year , the NIH spent $ 3 billion on research into AIDS , $ 4.3 billion on heart disease , and $ 5.8 billion for cancer , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . Over the next four decades , Alzheimer 's care is projected to cost the United States approximately $ 20 trillion , according to the association . Alzheimer 's , an irreversible brain disorder that gradually erodes memory and cognitive function , is currently the sixth-leading cause of death in America , the association notes .	The Obama administration proposes a $ 156 million boost in Alzheimer 's funding A $ 50 million increase for NIH research will take effect this year , on top of the current $ 450 million Another $ 80 million research increase is proposed for next year , along with $ 26 million for related concerns Up to 5.1 million Americans suffer from Alzheimer 's
CNN  -- The Governator is back ! Retired from politics , Arnold Schwarzenegger is taking a leaf out of his "  Expendables " buddy Sylvester Stallone 's book and setting out to prove that he can still kick butt at 65 . "  The Last Stand " represents his first starring role in eight years , and it seems there 's plenty more gas in his tank . The timing for a primed , pumped , itchy-trigger-finger shoot-em-up leaves something to be desired , no doubt , but with Nicolas Cage unaccountably AWOL this January , Arnie has the knucklehead R-rated action field pretty much to himself . What 's more , "  The Last Stand " brings it . If you park your brain outside , and double-park any misgivings about vicarious gun mayhem right alongside , it 's passable fun . It 's a modern-day Western -- a souped-up and dumbed-down "  Rio Bravo , " if you will -- with Schwarzenegger making like John Wayne as border town Sheriff Ray Owens , the last man standing between a runaway bad guy  Mexican drug baron Eduardo Noreiga  and his freedom . Charting a spectacularly erratic 24-hour course , the movie juggles self-consciously hokey small-town comedy with slick  or at least semi-slick  high-tech chase scenes as the road-racing desperado leads Forest Whitaker and the feds on a merry chase through the Southwest in his prototype Corvette 01 . The auto action seems a transparent pitch to sell high-end sports cars and inject a little momentum in a movie that 's equally content to dawdle over its morning coffee , shooting the breeze with amusing  or at least semi-amusing  supporting players like Ray 's deputies , ornery Mike  Luis Guzman in the Walter Brennan role  , bumbling Jerry  Zach Gilford  , and sexy Sarah  Jaimie Alexander  . Johnny Knoxville gets unaccountably prominent billing for little more than an extended cameo as a guy named Dinkum , a screwy gun nut with a penchant for cavalier headgear . He 's excruciating , but almost puppy-like he 's so eager to please . The same might go for director Kim Jee-woon , a talented Korean known for macabre ghost stories like "  A Tale of Two Sisters , " whacky adventures  "  The Good , the Bad , the Weird "  , and grisly cop thrillers  "  I Saw the Devil "  . His first U.S. effort is full of bold , broad comic book strokes -- some of them pleasingly original , like a car chase through a cornfield , the husks of corn thudding against the windscreens like oversized bugs . Listen to how he picks out the sound of a helmet rolling across the pavement . That 's a filmmaker alert to his environment and the tools at this command . But there 's just as much that 's ham-fisted or tin-eared . At best these are stereotypes we might recognize from other B flicks . There 's never a whiff of authenticity , except maybe when Harry Dean Stanton appears for a cruelly brief bit part as a cranky local farmer . The uninspired score by Kim 's countryman Mowg does n't lift the so-so climactic shoot-out any , but the movie 's tongue in cheek humor will buy off most of the target audience . And Arnie ? He 's indestructible .	Movie is Schwarzenegger 's first starring role in eight years He plays border town Sheriff Ray Owens It 's the first U.S. effort for director Kim Jee-woon
London  CNN  -- Foreign fighters inside Syria and Iraq have become a massive concern for authorities worldwide . Many are alarmed at the quick rise in the number of Westerners who have joined militant groups trying to establish an Islamic caliphate , with several investigations launched following the gruesome beheading of American journalist James Foley last week . We have been tracking foreign fighters going into Syria for more than a year . During this time , we came across two young men willing to speak to us through Skype from inside the country , where they are helping battle President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . We first spoke to them couple of months ago and have been in touch since . After much back and forth -- and a lot of convincing -- they agreed to an interview with us from northern Syria , using Skype in what looked like a hidden internet cafe . As expected , the connection was not great and it took several attempts to finally talk to them . Despite having spoken to the pair before , it was not easy to identify which masked militant was which . As they sat down to begin the interview they were careful to adjust their scarves to cover most of their faces . An AK-47 was positioned deliberately and carefully between them . With unintended humour and in a serious fashion they reintroduced themselves by their jihadi aliases : Abu Bakr and Abu Anwar . Abu Bakr was open to talking with us and he gradually agreed to bring other fighters along for an on-camera interview , a process made tougher as both Bakr and Anwar change locations every couple of months . Abu Bakr would n't tell us where he is from but Abu Anwar is British . "  I 'm from the south of England , " he explained . "  I grew up in a middle-class family . Life was easy back home . I had a life . I had a car . But the thing is : you can not practice Islam back home . "  We see all around us evil . We see paedophiles . We see homosexuality . We see crime . We see rape . And we ca n't do anything about it because we are obeying -LSB- by -RSB- the laws of the kuffar . " Initially , both fighters came to Syria to join the rebel alliance against the regime of Bashar al Assad -- but they now believe that establishing an Islamic caliphate is more important . When we asked Abu Anwar what message he had for friends back home , it was a call to join the fight . "  Leave the lands of infidelity and leave for the lands of Islam , " he said . "  We have an Islamic state in Raqqa . Alhamdulillah -LSB- "  All praise and thanks to God " -RSB- now in Iraq . And I ask all my Muslim friends to make hijrah -LSB- "  holy journey " -RSB- to these Islamic states . " In all our conversations , both men proved unfailingly polite . They patiently answered our questions , determined for us to see their point of view : for them , America is an immoral country at war with Muslims Our talk was dominated by discussions of what they see as American injustices , from Guantanamo to Abu Ghraib . They also called for the release of Aafia Siddique , a female U.S. trained scientist convicted in 2010 of shooting at U.S. officers while in custody in Afghanistan . Abu Bakr became agitated as he mentioned he has heard word that there are other Muslim female prisoners , held in American custody , who are given the same treatment as men . Both Bakr and Anwar agreed that this was a complete injustice . In our most recent interview we asked them about the videotaped killing of American journalist James Foley . "  When the video was released we watched it in our base and one of the brothers downloaded it and my initial response was that this was a direct response to the crimes of the US against the Islamic State , " said Abu Anwar . Abu Bakar added : "  We thought the Islamic state has no other choice really . The U.S. has the technology but it does n't mean they can call any country and bomb anybody they want and not stop on anything . ISIS tried to negotiate for a Muslim prisoner , tried to negotiate with them for ransom but then they are too arrogant you see . We thought it was very justified and we thought what James Foley said himself ... that his real killers were actually the U.S. " Their interpretation of Islam is radical and extreme : their sense of justice is medieval and they call the Muslim Council of Britain , the UK 's largest Muslim organization , "  apostates . " We asked them if they would consider carrying out an execution by beheading . "  This is the Islamic way of execution and we will do only that which please Allah , " replied Abu Anwar . "  It means cutting off the necks of the enemies of Islam then we are more than happy to do it . I would like to meet the Lord Allah and tell him what I did for his religion . I hope God gives me the chance to do what the brother did with James Foley . Whether it 's James Foley , or a soldier of America or Bashar Al Assad ... my hands are ready to do this blessed act . " But when we asked why they continue to support ISIS -- when even al Qaeda has condemned the group 's brutality -- they initially struggled to answer and their commitment wavered . "  It 's a tactical difference , " explained Abu Bakr . "  Basically al Qaeda does n't say they are very brutal . They have operational differences with them . And they disagree with them . But whatever is Islamically allowed , we do it . It does n't matter which group it is and what it is called , ISIS or al Qaeda . " We had asked for more details ; on the battles they fought , on where they are positioned . But the men were cautious not to give too much away . They have sent us pictures of their basic training in a militant camp : in one photo , Abu Bakr is positioned in a foxhole holding a Kalashnikov . The only time they seemed to pause in their Islamist rhetoric was when discussing their families . When we first asked Abu Anwar what his mother would say , he was silent , refusing to talk about them . It 's clear that both expect to die in Syria , either in battle or in what they call a "  martyrdom mission , " a suicide attack against enemy forces . Abu Anwar said that his family has given up hope of trying to bring him back . "  No . They do n't ask me to come back any more . Because they did at the beginning but they know now that I am not coming back . So , there is no point in wasting their breath . We pray a lot that Allah give you success and Allah accepts this jihad from you . They understand that I am not coming back and they know that they will not see me again in this life . "	CNN speaks exclusively to foreign jihadist fighters based in Syria One jihadist says he grew up in a middle-class family in southern England Message to friends back home is to "  leave for the lands of Islam " Pair say beheading justified , be it "  James Foley , or a soldier of America or Bashar Al Assad "
CNN  A video file posted online Tuesday purports to relay a new message from Japanese ISIS hostage Kenji Goto : He and a captive Jordanian military pilot will be killed in the next 24 hours if Jordan does n't release a convicted would-be suicide bomber . It is the second purported message from Goto in four days . If authentic , it is the first time ISIS is publicly linking the fates of Goto and the captive Jordanian pilot , Moaz al-Kassasbeh , whom ISIS captured after his jet crashed last month in Syria . The latest file , posted to YouTube and distributed on social media by known ISIS supporters , appears to show a static image of Goto , alone , in handcuffs and wearing orange , holding a picture of who appears to be al-Kassasbeh . Over the image , a voice purporting to be Goto 's restates Saturday 's apparent ISIS proposal : Goto would go free if Jordan releases longtime prisoner Sajida al-Rishawi . This time , it 's still a one-for-one swap , but now both the lives of Goto and the Jordanian pilot are threatened if it does n't go through . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of Tuesday 's message . "  I 've been told this is my last message , and I 've also been told that the barrier obstructing my freedom is now just the Jordanian government delaying the handover of Sajida , " the voice says in English in Tuesday 's post . "  Tell the Japanese government to put all the political pressure on Jordan . " "  Her for me -- a straight exchange , " the voice says . "  Any more delays by the Jordanian government will mean they are responsible for the death of their pilot , which will then be followed by mine . "  I only have 24 hours left to live , and the pilot has even less . " The nearly two-minute video , posted Tuesday morning ET , makes no mention of releasing pilot al-Kassasbeh , even if al-Rishawi is released . The video is similar to a post from Saturday , which alleged that ISIS had killed a different Japanese hostage , Haruna Yukawa . Saturday 's post shows a static image of Goto , holding what appears to be a photo of beheaded compatriot Yukaka . A voice , purporting to be Goto 's , says that Yukawa was killed because Japan had n't answered a previous ISIS demand of $ 200 million for the Japanese captives ' freedom . Saturday 's voice also said that the captors no longer demanded money , but rather a Goto-for-al-Rishawi swap . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Sunday that experts were analyzing Saturday 's video , but that it seemed "  highly credible . " U.S. authorities said they had no reason to doubt its authenticity . Abe on Wednesday morning told reporters in Tokyo that he was angry about the ongoing situation . "  Under very severe circumstances , I instructed yet again that the government work together as one towards the immediate release of Mr. Goto , " he said . Al-Rishawi is an Iraqi woman facing the death penalty in Jordan for her role in a series of bombings that killed dozens of people at hotels in the Arab kingdom in 2005 . Authorities said she tried to take part in the massacre , but her explosives failed . Militants say they captured al-Kassasbeh , the Jordanian pilot , after he ejected from his crashing F-16 last month , having taken part in U.S.-led coalition airstrikes near ISIS ' de-facto capital , Raqqa , Syria . Jordan is participating in an American-led mission against ISIS , an organization seeking to establish a caliphate , or Islamic State , and has wrested territory spanning from central Syria to about 100 kilometers  62 miles  north of Baghdad . Goto , 47 , and Yukawa , 42 , had gone to the Middle East for different reasons , the former is an experienced freelance journalist covering the conflict in Iraq and Syria , and the latter an aspiring security contractor who felt at home in the war-torn region . They ended up in the hands of ISIS in recent months . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Junko Ogura and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Images appears to show hostage Kenji Goto holding a photo of captive Jordanian Voice , purportedly Goto 's , says he , Jordanian pilot will die in 24 hours if swap is n't made Video repeats demand ISIS apparently made Saturday : Jordan must release prisoner
A nurse 's assistant in Spain -- the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa -- has taken a turn for the worse . Dr. Yolanda Fuentes , who works at Madrid 's Carlos III hospital , said Thursday that Teresa Romero Ramos ' condition had worsened but declined to give further details . Romero became sick after she helped treat an Ebola-stricken Spanish missionary . Her case has prompted questions from her fellow medical professionals about whether they are properly equipped to safely treat Ebola patients , and about why a week passed before she was treated . The update on her condition comes 10 days after Romero first began feeling sick and three days after she called an ambulance to take her to a hospital . Carlos III hospital indicated late Thursday that seven more people -- a doctor , three nurses , two beauticians , a doctor and a hospital staffer -- have been admitted for observation . This is in addition to seven others already in the hospital , though none of these besides Romero has tested positive for Ebola . "  The reason why we are seeing so many people admitted showing no symptoms is because the 80 people or so that are being monitored outside the hospital have been given the choice to do it at home or come into the hospital , " said a hospital spokeswoman , who is not named , as is customary in Spain . In addition to concerns about Romero and these individuals ' health , the entire situation has raised serious questions about how the entire case was handled -- from how the nurse 's assistant got the disease to how medical officials handled her care once she got sick . Physician : My protection suit was too short One of the physicians sounding the alarm -- Dr. Juan Manuel Parra , who treated Romero at a different Madrid hospital earlier in the week -- published an open letter Thursday indicating that his staff was ill-equipped to handle her . Concerned about his exposure to Romero , Parra then checked himself into Carlos III . Parra was among five who the hospital said had no symptoms . Parra says he cared for Romero on Monday at Madrid 's Alcorcon Hospital , where an ambulance had taken her that morning . He wrote that the sleeves on the protective suits available to him were too short , exposing parts of his arms . In his letter , published Thursday by Spanish news outlets , Parra wrote that Romero was in an isolation room . He said he visited her 12 times in isolation from 8 a.m. to midnight , when she was transferred to Carlos III , which specializes in infectious diseases . Her condition worsened throughout the day , and by the evening she had tested positive twice for Ebola , he wrote . But Parra said he learned of both positive results from media before hospital officials told him . Deadliest Ebola outbreak : What you need to know He said he was told of the second positive test at 7 p.m. , but it took five more hours for an ambulance to collect her for the trip to Carlos III , he wrote . Parra adds to a chorus of Spanish medical professionals who 've expressed alarm . Speaking about what 's unfolding in Madrid , Health Minister Ana Mato told Parliament earlier this week Spain is going to revise its protocols for handling Ebola . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said that his country is "  facing a matter that is of international concern . " But that does n't mean Spaniards should hunker down or become overly alarmed , he said , and urged them to "  keep calm . " How NYC is preparing for Ebola Dismay in Madrid The Ebola virus has infected more than 8,000 people and killed at least 3,800 in the current outbreak , according to the World Health Organization . It 's also been largely confined -- as far as we know so far , every person has caught the disease in West Africa except for Romero . Romero 's case began after two Spanish missionaries -- Miguel Pajares and Manuel Garcia Viejo -- contracted Ebola in West Africa . They were sent to Spain , specifically Carlos III , for treatment . Romero twice had contact with one of the priests as part of his care , on September 24 and September 25 , the WHO said . Both priests eventually died at the hospital . Romero 's patient died on September 25 ; on September 29 , she began feeling ill . That Romero may have gotten Ebola at Carlos III is a major cause of concern , especially if she did -- as she told Spanish newspaper El Mundo -- follow the necessary protocols while caring for the missionaries . How did Spanish nurse catch Ebola ? Dr. German Ramirez , who is among those treating her , said Romero may have been exposed while removing protective gear she 'd donned to treat one of the priests . "  That 's what we were working on -- on the errors possibly made while removing the protective suit , " Ramirez told reporters this week , saying it 's possible the protective suit or gloves may have touched her face . On Tuesday -- the morning that Romero was transferred from Alcorcon to Carlos III for treatment -- angry doctors and nurses outside Carlos III said they were outraged that the two priests , almost dead when they arrived , had been brought there . Also prompting concern is how long it took for Romero to be treated -- and how long she may have exposed other people to the deadly virus while she was contagious . According to a Carlos III hospital spokeswoman , Romero started feeling ill on September 29 . She went the next day to her doctor , who did not properly identify her problem and sent her home . But Romero did n't get better . She called Carlos III hospital on October 2 and was directed , per protocol , to an external medical department under the umbrella of Madrid 's regional health service , the hospital spokesman said . Romero ended up back home again . On Monday , she called an ambulance , which took her to Alcorcon hospital , which diagnosed her over a 16-hour period and sent her to Carlos III . Parra 's letter did n't address how long Romero might have been outside an isolation room at Alcorcon . A worker at that hospital told CNN on condition of anonymity earlier this week that Romero lay in the emergency room -- exposed to other patients as well as medical staff -- for eight hours before she was transferred to Carlos III . Romero 's experience is similar to that of Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian citizen who was sent home from a Dallas , Texas , hospital days before eventually being admitted for Ebola . Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died Wednesday . Romero 's dog put down Authorities said Tuesday that a total of 30 people from Carlos III Hospital and 22 others -- from the Alcorcon hospital where the woman first sought care , plus family members -- were being monitored . Madrid health authorities on Wednesday put down Romero 's dog , Excalibur , despite a public outcry to save it . ` Save Excalibur ' campaign fails About 400,000 people signed an online petition to save the dog from being killed , contending that that "  it would be much easier to isolate or quarantine the dog just as they have the victim 's husband , " rather than forcing the couple to lose "  one of the family . " But health authorities insisted they had to take action in case Excalibur had the disease . It 's not known if Ebola can be passed through canines . The World Health Organization has said that it 's infected chimpanzees , gorillas , fruit bats , monkeys , forest antelope and porcupines . Human infections , to date , have not been linked to dogs . Complete Ebola coverage	14 total are in a Madrid hospital ; Romero is the only one with confirmed Ebola Doctor declines to give further details about Teresa Romero Ramos ' condition , treatment Another doctor , who tended to patient , says his protective sleeves were inadequate The nurse 's assistant treated missionaries from Africa who had Ebola
Massachusetts lawmakers Thursday passed a bill banning "  upskirting " in response to a ruling by the state 's highest court that said a law aimed at criminalizing voyeurism did not apply to the snapping of secret photos up a woman 's skirt . The bill now goes to Gov. Deval Patrick , who has publicly committed to signing it , his office said Thursday . The bill would make photographing or recording video under a person 's clothing illegal , according to a statement from the office of Senate President Therese Murray . The act would be made a misdemeanor . "  The House took action today to bring Massachusetts laws up-to-date with technology and the predatory practice of ` upskirting . ' We must make sure that the law protects women from these kind of frightening and degrading acts , " House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo said in a statement . Victim of "  upskirting " speaks out "  I am proud of the Senate for taking action today to restore a women 's -LSB- sic -RSB- right to privacy , " said Murray . "  We are sending a message that to take a photo or video of a woman under her clothing is morally reprehensible and , in Massachusetts , we will put you in jail for doing it . We will need to revisit this law again and again as technology continues to evolve and ensure that we are providing the necessary protections . " The bill was passed one day after the state 's highest court ruled that a law did not apply to the taking of secret photos up a woman 's skirt . The ruling stemmed from the case against Michael Robertson , 32 , who was arrested in 2010 and accused of using his cell phone to take pictures and record video up the skirts and dresses of women on the trolley , according to court documents . Two separate complaints were filed against Robertson with the transit police Authorities then staged "  a decoy operation " to catch Robertson , who was eventually arrested and charged with two counts of attempting to secretly photograph a person in a state of partial nudity . Police observed him point a cell phone video camera up the dress of a female officer , court documents state . Wednesday 's ruling reversed a previous decision by a lower court , which had denied a motion by Robertson seeking the dismissal of the case , said a statement from the Suffolk County district attorney 's office . The ruling said that state law "  does not apply to photographing  or videotaping or electronically surveilling  persons who are fully clothed and , in particular , does not reach the type of upskirting that the defendant is charged with attempting to accomplish on the MBTA . " The case against Robertson was dismissed on Wednesday after the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled in his favor . "  In sum , we interpret the phrase , ' a person who is ... partially nude ' in the same way that the defendant does , namely , to mean a person who is partially clothed but who has one or more of the private parts of body exposed in plain view at the time that the putative defendant secretly photographs her , " the high court ruled . Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley called for a rewrite of the law on Wednesday during a press conference . States -- and victims -- grapple with ` upskirt ' laws against voyeurism	Massachusetts governor to sign ban on "  upskirting " Law comes in response to high court ruling saying "  upskirting " photos are legal Michael Robertson was arrested after police used a female officer as a decoy
EW.com  -- Two weeks ago , EW premiered the trailer for Nickelodeon 's reboot of the "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " animated series , and now we 've got some more exclusive information for you : The children 's cable network will premiere the show on Saturday , Sept. 29 at 11 a.m. in a one-hour special event . Nickelodeon will officially announce the premiere date on the network on Saturday . The half-hour action series is set to consist of 26 episodes about the four , butt-kicking turtles who rise from the sewers : Leonardo  "  American Pie 's " Jason Biggs  , Raphael  "  Lord of the Rings ' " Sean Astin  , Michelangelo  "  Teen Titan 's " Greg Cipes  , and Donatello  "  Planet Sheen 's " Rob Paulsen , who voiced Raphael in the original animated series during the '80s and '90s  . The network describes the series as : "  Funnier and with more Ninjutsu than ever before , the show will explore the companionship of four teenage brothers learning to rely on themselves and one another as they unravel the mystery of their existence and grow to become the heroes in a half-shell that they are destined to be . " Rounding out key roles in the series include Mae Whitman  "  Parenthood "  as the boys ' pal April O'Neil ; Hoon Lee  "  Royal Pains "  as the Turtles ' sensei and father figure Master Splinter ; and Kevin Michael Richardson  "  Penguins of Madagascar "  as nemesis Shredder . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Nickelodeon will premiere "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " on Sept. 29 at 11 a.m. Two weeks ago , EW premiered the trailer for animated series reboot The half-hour series will consist of 26 episodes about the four turtles who rise from the sewers
A former top appointee of Chris Christie says there is evidence contradicting what the New Jersey governor has said publicly about the notorious George Washington Bridge traffic lane closures that have roiled the Republican 's administration , according to the man 's lawyer . David Wildstein resigned his position at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in December amid allegations that Christie appointees had ordered access lanes to the nation 's biggest river crossing in Fort Lee closed last year to punish that town 's mayor politically for not endorsing Christie for reelection . Wildstein 's attorney , Alan Zegas , wrote on Friday that "  evidence exists " contradicting Christie 's recollection about the lane closures at a news conference earlier this month . "  Evidence exists ... tying Mr. Christie to having knowledge of the lane closures , during the period when the lanes were closed , contrary to what the governor stated publicly in a two-hour press conference  on January 9  , " Zegas said in a letter to the general counsel of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the bridge and where Wildstein had worked for the governor . Days of lane closures The letter references the closures over a work week in September , but does not suggest that "  evidence " contradicts anything Christie has said so far about his advisers at the time or any role they might have played in alleged political shenanigans . The letter also does not suggest that Christie had any advance knowledge of the closings . Zegas also did n't disclose the evidence . CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Zegas ' letter is just that . "  It 's not sworn testimony . It 's not proof , " he said . Read letter from Wildstein 's lawyer Christie said at the January news conference in Trenton about the traffic mess that he "  had no knowledge of this -- of the planning , the execution or anything about it -- and that I first found out about it after it was over . " He also said he had fired a close aide , Bridget Anne Kelly , who e-mails suggest was linked to the closures . In addition to Wildstein , two other top Christie advisers left their jobs , including the man who ran his two gubernatorial campaigns . All have been subpoenaed by a state legislative committee investigating the matter that has called into question Christie 's swaggering governing style , which has resonated with Garden State voters and has him as a leading potential candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in New Jersey is also investigating the bridge scandal as well as allegations from the mayor of Hoboken that Christie administration officials last year conditioned Superstorm Sandy relief funds on her support for a redevelopment project backed by the governor . The officials , including Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno , deny the assertion . Governor 's office statement A statement released by the Christie administration said the letter written by Zegas "  confirms what the governor has said all along - he had absolutely no prior knowledge of the lane closures before they happened and whatever Mr. Wildstein 's motivations were for closing them to begin with . " But the statement does n't say whether or not he knew during the week of the lane closures from September 9-13 that they had been shut down . And a source in Christie 's office told CNN 's Jake Tapper that his advisers had n't yet pinpointed when exactly he learned about the closures -- but stressed that it was after press reports surfaced and it was not before they occurred . For his part , Christie has given different accounts of when he first learned specifically about the traffic jams , but consistently has said that it was after the lanes were reopened and only after media reports appeared . "  I think that was the first I heard of it , " Christie said at a December news conference about an October 1 Wall Street Journal article . "  But it was certainly well after the whole thing was over before I heard about it . " The Christie administration initially said the lane closures were part of a traffic study , which has since been called into question by e-mails suggesting key advisers carried them out . Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich told CNN he would love to know "  what they mean " specifically about the lane closures , which ended when Port Authority 's Executive Director Patrick Foye fired off an e-mail on September 13 ordered the lanes reopened . "  If it 's Monday , that 's one thing . If it 's Friday late morning , that 's another , " Sokolich told CNN on Friday . Panel chair not seen documents New Jersey Assemblyman John Wisniewski , who chairs the legislative panel leading the investigation of the bridge scandal , told CNN that it has not yet received any documents supporting Wildstein 's claim about the timing of when the governor knew about the lane closures . "  I am concerned as committee co-chair that Mr. -LSB- Alan -RSB- Zegas is now identifying documents that he has not provided to us , " Wisniewski said . "  I 'd like an explanation as to why they were n't provided before he wrote this letter  that first appeared in  the New York Times , " Wisniewski said . Wildstein invoked his Constitutional right to not testify before the state legislators on the matter earlier this month . Wisniewski , a Democrat , said what he read in the Wildstein letter "  validates the skepticism that many people have had about the governor 's statements on  January 9th  . A source with knowledge of the investigation said Zegas is a well-respected attorney in New Jersey who would not likely risk his own credibility on a client like Wildstein if he did n't have documents to back up his carefully worded suggestion . Zegas ' letter also challenged the Port Authority 's decision to not pay Wildstein 's legal expenses related to the legislative investigation . "  I would request that you kindly reconsider the Port Authority 's decision , " he asked .	Lawyer for key figure in bridge scandal releases letter with new assertion Letter says there is evidence contradicting what Chris Christie said about traffic lane closures Christie 's office says letter just affirms what Christie has said all along Scandal involving George Washington Bridge traffic has rocked Christie 's administration
CNN  -- He is a superstar in Arab cinema and has acted alongside Hollywood names such as Sean Penn , Naomi Watts and Orlando Bloom in worldwide blockbusters . Now , acclaimed Egyptian movie star Khaled El Nabawy is raring to conquer new heights , starring in gripping drama "  The Citizen , " his first lead role in a Hollywood film . The movie , released last year , has a story line based on the September 11 attacks in the United States . El Nabawy 's character , Ibrahim Jarrah , is a newly arrived immigrant from Lebanon , who finds himself wrongly accused of being involved in the terrorist attacks . "  The guy did n't do anything except he was infatuated by the American dream , " says El Nabawy of his character in "  The Citizen . " "  This is why he won the green card lottery but -LSB- it is -RSB- his bad luck that he arrived one day before 9/11 to New York . He loves America and he 's educated , he is cultured , he is helpful and it 's a great message through ` The Citizen ' that gives hope . It talks about the cooperation that can happen instead of creating revenge between each other . " See also : ` Egypt 's Brad Pitt ' calls for people power in Africa This is the third time in the Egyptian actor 's career that he has landed a role in a major Hollywood production . His two previous outings include a smaller part in Ridley Scott 's 2005 epic "  Kingdom of Heaven , " while in 2010 El Nabawy played an Iraqi scientist in "  Fair Game , " a thriller based on former CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson 's memoir "  Fair Game : My Life As A Spy , My Betrayal By The White House . " "  What 's common between the three parts -- ` Kingdom of Heaven , ' ` Fair Game ' and ` The Citizen ' -- is that you try to tell people the truth , " says El Nabawy . "  Arabs are not terrorists ; Arabs are kind people , normal people and you can not portray Arabs through the 15 people who have done 9/11 . " El Nabawy , who was discovered by one of Arab cinema 's most celebrated directors , the late Youssef Chahine , says he is determined to accurately portray North Africans and Middle Easterners to the rest of the world . "  Of course it is a responsibility , not only towards Arabs -LSB- but -RSB- toward the other , toward the Americans , toward the West , because I always believe that we know about the West more than the West knows about us , " he says . El Nabawy adds : "  I feel that our responsibility is to tell the West the truth about us . " See also : ` Harassment map ' empowers Egyptian women Passionate about his country , El Nabawy was one of the first prominent voices in Egypt to come out in support of the 2011 revolution that resulted in the removal of former president Hosni Mubarak . "  What I saw in Tahrir Square , I saw a great nation itself , " says El Nabawy , his face lighting up as he recalls his countrymen 's uprising . "  I am very happy to be among them -- it 's an honor to be among the Egyptians who paid their life to get their country its dignity and pride back . I am the one who is happy and I 'm one of them . "  I have the same desire . It needed all of us to achieve our goal , which is the democracy , which is the change and which is -LSB- that -RSB- we want our country back , we want our beloved back , we want Egypt . " Read more : Egypt 's Jon Stewart getting laughs amidst turmoil The actor-turned-activist also took "  Fair Game " co-star and friend Sean Penn to visit the landmark square "  to show the world that an American artist with an Egyptian artist can walk on the streets . " It was all part of his initiative , "  Come to Egypt , " aimed at encouraging people to visit the North African country and experience its rich history and culture . "  I extend you an invitation : Egyptians are waiting for you to celebrate with them their new era , " says El Nabawy . "  Come to Egypt and you will have a great smile on the Egyptian faces . They are very helpful , they are very kind , they have a great sense of humor . " An ambassador for Egypt to the world , El Nabawy says he is hopeful about his country 's future . "  I 'm very optimistic because of the Egyptians , " he says . "  They have a determined will of getting their country back and of giving their country its position -- giving their country what it deserves . "	Khaled El Nabawy is an acclaimed Egyptian movie star He stars in recent Hollywood production , "  The Citizen " El Nabawy was one of the first prominent voices in Egypt to support the revolution The actor-turned-activist took Sean Penn to Tahrir Square
CNN  -- Joint host nation Gabon opened their Africa Cup of Nations campaign with a comfortable 2-0 Group C victory over Niger at the newly-built L'Amitie stadium in Libreville . Gabon were always in control against a Niger side making their finals debut -- and they deservedly took the lead after half an hour . Stephane Nguema produced a superb cross from the right and Saint-Etienne striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang headed home from a tight angle . And they doubled that advantage on the stroke of half-time when Nguema nodded in from close range after Aubameyang 's own header was only parried by the goalkeeper . Gabon 's German coach Gernot Rohr told reporters : "  We won and we played well , but more difficult teams than Niger lie ahead for us . "  I hope we can continue on this path . I 'm pleased as we did n't concede a goal , did n't pick up any injuries , and only got one booking , " he added . The 40,000 capacity stadium also hosted the second group C encounter , with Tunisia beating north African neighbors Morocco 2-1 . Tunisia defeated their rivals in the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations final -- and they once again had bragging rights thanks to goals in either half from Khaled Korbi and Youssef Msakni . Tunisia nearly took the lead on the half hour mark when Zouhaier Dhaouadi 's long-range effort smacked the post . However , just four minutes later , Morocco were finally undone when Korbi 's dipping free-kick evaded the defensive wall and went in off the upright . And Tunisia doubled their lead 15 minutes from time when substitute Msakni evaded two challenges to score his first goal for his country . Houssine Kharja pulled a late goal back when he converted Ahmed Kantari 's cross -- although Kantari appeared off-side when receiving the ball . And Morocco nearly snatched an unlikely equalizer when Fiorentina midfielder Kharja 's effort shaved the crossbar .	Joint hosts nation Gabon defeat Niger 2-0 in Africa Cup of Nations Group C Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Stephane Nguema score the goals for Gabon Tunisia defeat north African rivals Morocco 2-1 in Monday 's other group match
CNN  -- Investigators have named Casey Anthony a suspect in the mid-June disappearance of her toddler daughter , Caylee , Florida authorities said Wednesday . Casey Anthony had been called a "  person of interest " in her daughter 's disappearance . Police had previously labeled Anthony -- who authorities said did n't report the 3-year-old child 's disappearance until mid-July -- a "  person of interest " in the case . "  Casey is a suspect , " said Orange County Sheriff 's Department Capt. Angelo Nieves . "  She has been uncooperative , leading investigators down the wrong path and lying to them . She has not provided any credible information about the last time she saw her or where she was left . " Casey Anthony of Orlando , Florida , was arrested July 16 on suspicion of telling detectives lies about Caylee 's disappearance . She was released on bail after that arrest and subsequent arrests on unrelated theft charges . Authorities said weeks ago that evidence suggests Caylee is dead . Investigators found evidence of human decomposition in the trunk of Anthony 's car , authorities have said . Law enforcement sources also suggested that a strand of hair found in the trunk of the car was Caylee 's . Watch Nancy Grace speak to Casey Anthony 's "  babysitter " " Authorities also have said they found traces of chloroform in the car Anthony drove and Internet searches of chloroform Web sites on her computer . Anthony and her daughter have garnered national headlines and served as fodder for nightly crime shows . Protesters have held vigils outside Anthony 's home pleading with her to give police more information about Caylee 's whereabouts . In connection with her July arrest , Anthony was charged with child neglect , making false official statements and obstructing a criminal investigation . CNN 's Andrew Iden and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Police : Casey Anthony has been "  leading ... investigators down the wrong path . " Caylee Anthony , 3 , reported missing month after her June disappearance , police say Police have said evidence suggests Florida toddler is dead
CNN  -- There did n't seem to be too much that Robin Williams could n't do . As an actor , he had the range to go from playing a loveable alien on the small screen in "  Mork & Mindy " to winning an Academy Award for his portrayal of Professor Sean Maguire in "  Good Will Hunting . " Whether it was spastic slapstick or heart-rending drama , the actor , who died on Monday from an apparent suicide , was as prolific in his career as he was hilarious . Evidence of that work ethic wo n't end with his death . There are four completed Williams films expected to be released posthumously : "  Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb , " "  Merry Friggin ' Christmas , " "  Boulevard , " and "  Absolutely Anything . " Given his love for his craft and his fans , the final work feels like a gift left behind by the beloved actor . Williams was known for taking on as many projects as he possibly could . In a 2010 interview with The Guardian , the actor said heart surgery in 2009 helped him to ease his pace a bit . "  In one two-year period I made eight movies , " Williams reflected . "  At one point the joke was that there 's a movie out without you in it . You have this idea that you 'd better keep working , otherwise people will forget . And that was dangerous . And then you realize , no , actually if you take a break people might be more interested in you . Now , after the heart surgery , I 'll take it slow . " Gilbert Gottfried : Robin Williams ' generous heart Set for release in December , "  Night at the Museum : Secret of the Tomb " saw Williams revisiting his role of Teddy Roosevelt , which he had portrayed in earlier films in the series . "  There really are no words to describe the loss of Robin Williams , " said a statement from 20th Century Fox , the studio behind the movie . "  He was immensely talented , a cherished member of our community , and part of the Fox family . Our hearts go out to his family , friends and fans . He will be deeply missed . " Complete coverage on Robin Williams Williams also completed a role in the holiday comedy "  Merry Friggin Christmas , " which is set to be released in November . The film centers around father Boyd Mitchler , played by Joel McHale , who realizes he has left behind his son 's gifts while on holiday with his estranged family . Williams stars as McHale 's father , who makes the trek with him to retrieve the presents in time . "  When you talk to Robin you think , ' I have learned more in the last 20 minutes than I ever learned , ' " McHale told the New York Daily News earlier this year . "  He is such an open soul and one of the most sensitive and great guys ... " Known for his voice work in films like Disney 's "  Aladdin , " Williams provided the voice of Dennis the Dog in "  Absolutely Anything , " which will be released in 2015 and costars Kate Beckinsale and Simon Pegg . But it is his role in the drama "  Boulevard , " which premiered at the Tribecca Film Festival in April , that may become the most discussed and heralded of Williams ' final films . Robin Williams and the dark side of comedy In it , Williams plays a married man who comes to terms with his homosexuality later in life and connects emotionally with a young male prostitute played by Roberto Aguire . "  Tapping into that same loneliness felt in ` One Hour Photo ' and ` Good Will Hunting , ' the actor projects a regret so deep and identifiable , viewers should have no trouble connecting it to whatever is missing in their own lives â $ " whether those regrets are romantic , sexual , professional or spiritual , " critic Peter Debruge wrote in a review of the movie for Variety . During a Reddit "  Ask Me Anything " session with fans in 2013 , Williams said he could n't choose between comedies or dramas . "  I like doing both comedies and dramas , so it 's very difficult to say which one I prefer , " he said . "  I 've been very blessed to have had the chance to explore such a variety of characters . " See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Two are holiday comedies , including latest in "  Night at the Museum " series Williams was known for taking on as many projects as he possibly could Williams said he could n't choose between comedy and drama
St. Louis , Missouri  CNN  -- Timothy G. Hendron 's co-workers were expecting him at their Missouri workplace Thursday . He arrived wearing typical office attire : Dockers and a button-down , collared shirt . But , police said Friday , Hendron also donned a fanny pack filled with magazines for the guns he allegedly used to pop off more than 100 rounds , killing three and wounding five others . Hendron arrived at work armed with hundreds of bullets and an assault rifle , two handguns and a shotgun , St. Louis Police Capt. Michael Sack said at a news conference Friday . He opened fire at about 6:30 a.m.  7:30 a.m. ET  Thursday at ABB Inc. , a St. Louis transformer manufacturing company , police said . When they entered the facility , Sack said , police found "  a gruesome scene " -- the dead and wounded and those employees desperately hiding from the shooter . The 51-year-old suspect was found inside an ABB Inc. office dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , police said . Carlton J. Carter , 57 ; Terry Mabry , 55 ; and Cory Wilson , 27 , were dead from gunshot wounds to the head . Mabry also was shot in a leg and Wilson was also shot in a shoulder , according to authorities . Police were investigating whether the shooter targeted the victims , Sack said . Police are also looking into the motive for the shooting , but Sack said it could remain a mystery . "  I would imagine that you could say yes -LSB- it was premeditated -RSB- , because most people do n't come to work armed in such a manner , but that 's just speculation , " Sack said . "  We have to go back and try and figure out what motivated him and like I said , we may never truly know what motivated him to do this . " Sack said police are looking into Hendron 's work history and his personal relationships . Hendron was one of a group of ABB employees listed in a lawsuit filed in 2006 against administrators of the company 's retirement plan . Police said they were working closely with ABB executives to get more information about the suspect and his status with the company prior to the incident . ABB spokesman Bob Fesmire said Thursday there are about 100 employees who work at the facility , but some of them were unable to come in Thursday because of heavy snow . Police estimated 40 to 50 employees were in the building at the time of the incident . The federal suit filed by Hendron and others accuses pension plan administrators of , among other things , causing the plan to include "  unreasonable and excessive " fees and expenses , paid by participants , without their knowledge and not used for their benefit or that of the plan . Linda Siegfried , a spokeswoman for the law firm representing the plaintiffs , told CNN on Thursday that Hendron was among the plaintiffs , although his name is spelled three different ways in court documents . A trial on the matter is currently being held in Kansas City , Missouri , Siegfried said . She did n't know whether Hendron would have been required to be present . Online federal court records show the trial began January 5 . Siegfried would not comment further except to say the firm offers its concern for the welfare of the victims .	Timothy G. Hendron killed three men and himself at a St. Louis , Missouri , workplace Thursday He was one of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit filed against company retirement plan administrators Plaintiffs ' attorney : It 's unclear if Hendron was to be present at a trial in lawsuit in Kansas City Police captain said a motive in the killings at ABB Inc. could remain a mystery
HEBRON , West Bank  CNN  -- Jewish settlers are on a "  terror " rampage in the West Bank city of Hebron , angry over the Israeli military 's seizure of a disputed home , the city 's mayor said Thursday . Israeli police struggle to remove Jewish settlers from a disputed house in Hebron on Thursday . "  What 's happening in Hebron is terror by the settlers , " the mayor , Khaled Osaily , told CNN . "  They are attacking houses , setting fire to property and injuring people . " Some of the settlers opened fire on Palestinians , critically injuring one , Palestinian sources told CNN . Five other Palestinians have been wounded in the rioting , the sources said . The latest round of violence comes hours after Israeli police and military forcibly removed a group of settlers from a disputed home in Hebron . The settlers inside the residence had ignored court orders to vacate the house , which a Palestinian man claims belongs to him . The situation has led to recent clashes between Jewish settlers and Palestinian residents . Osaily called on the international community to pressure Israel to remove all settlers from Hebron , one of the most contested cities in the West Bank , with a Palestinian section and a Jewish settler enclave . It is home to about 160,000 Palestinians and 500 Israelis . "  We warned the Israelis about this , " the mayor said . "  They did n't do enough to stop the settlers from their aggression . " Shortly after seizing control of the disputed home , the Israeli military declared the southern part of the West Bank , including the entire city of Hebron , a closed military zone . Israeli media reported that the settlers are vandalizing Palestinian residences in the Hebron area , including setting fire to some homes . Israeli daily Haaretz reported that police used stun grenades and tear gas to subdue the rioting settlers . Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN the rioting was not widespread . "  There have been sporadic incidents , " he said . "  We have stepped up police patrols in the West Bank to increase security . " A line of Israeli forces stood outside the disputed home on Thursday , as specially trained Israeli police pulled the settlers out of the home , according to Israeli military spokesman Maj. Avital Leibovitch . A banner castigating Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak and the president of Israel 's Supreme Court , Dorit Beinisch , hung above the home 's entrance . Some of the settlers walked out unassisted , while others were physically escorted by the security forces . One settler , who was on the ground in tears , was carried away . The entire operation took just over an hour , Leibovitch said . "  The events today in Hebron demonstrate clearly that in Israel the rule of law will prevail and not the vigilante extremist , " said Mark Regev , a spokesman for outgoing Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert . Ambulance services reported 20 people -- settlers and Israeli security forces -- were injured in the struggle , none seriously . The Israeli military dispatched two helicopters in case of a medical emergency , Leibovitch said . Earlier this week , the Israeli army established a closed military zone around the disputed house . Israeli security forces moved in to remove the settlers a short time after Barak and the Settler Council failed to agree to resolve the situation peacefully . Barak told the council leaders that "  all citizens must accept the authority of the state . " The settler leaders agreed but called on Barak not to forcibly remove the settlers from the house , council spokesman Yishai Hollander told CNN . The council leaders offered to Barak several non-violent solutions to end the confrontation . Hollander noted that there is a small group of settler extremists who do not abide by Israeli law nor the council 's demands . Barak vowed that Israel "  will not allow extremist elements to undermine the authority of the state and its foundation . " "  The people who are residing in the disputed house must vacate the house and follow the instructions by the state organizations and the courts , " Barak told the council , according to his spokesman . "  Only after the house is vacated will it be possible to clarify the disagreements . " Israeli settlers moved into the so-called "  house of contention " last year , claiming they bought it from the Palestinian man . That man , however , says no deal was ever made . A court ruled two weeks ago that the settlers living in the house must evacuate . It said they would be evicted within 30 days if they did not leave voluntarily , but the settlers ignored the court 's orders . Violence flared Monday over rumors that the contested house would be evacuated . Eleven people were wounded . Settlers and Palestinians threw stones at each other and settlers rioted elsewhere in the West Bank . Hebron also is the location of the Cave of the Patriarch , a religious site holy to Jews , Christians and Muslims , and has been the site of high-profile violence between Palestinians and Israelis .	NEW : Jewish settlers "  attacking houses , " mayor of Hebron says Settlers riot after Israeli police seize disputed home in Hebron Palestinian sources say six Palestinians wounded in rioting Twenty people slightly injured as police remove Jewish settlers from home
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A Japanese coast guard crew member has confessed to leaking a video of a boat collision that sparked a recent diplomatic battle between China and Japan , officials said Wednesday . It was unclear whether the crew member would be arrested for putting the video online , police said . The video , posted on YouTube , shows what is thought to be the Chinese fishing trawler ramming into a ship , thought to be a Japanese coast guard vessel . The crash video had not been released to the public and Japanese lawmakers were alarmed that it had been on the video-sharing website . "  The fact that the video was leaked is a big mistake for the government , " Hiroshi Kawauchi , a legislator of the ruling Democratic Party of Japan , said last week . "  It is totally different from presenting it to the public in an official manner , and it leads the people 's further erosion of faith in Japan 's government . " The September incident sparked a diplomatic squabble between the two nations . After the collision , Japan detained the crew of the Chinese fishing boat off the disputed islands in the East China Sea . China calls the islands the Diaoyu ; Japan calls them the Senkaku . In response to the detainments , China made increasingly aggressive diplomatic threats . Beijing also halted ministerial-level talks with Tokyo , and both sides canceled trips to each other 's nations . Japan has since released the fishing crew , which China says was stopped illegally . Japan initially accused the captain of obstructing Japanese public officers while they performed duties . But authorities later said that releasing him was in the interest of maintaining relations with China . Though the leaking of the video has alarmed Japanese officials , officials in China have questioned its accuracy . Some in the Chinese government dismissed the video saying it had been edited . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Video shows boat collision that started a diplomatic row between China and Japan It is unclear whether the coast guard member will be arrested Boat collision occurred in the East China Sea near the disputed islands
As Spain 's economy finds new lows , there is one clear winner in the eurozone crisis : Hong Kong football . The former British colony has had a long tradition with the sport but is ranked 154th in the world , according to FIFA . In the region , the territory ranks 25th , well below leaders Japan and Australia . Despite the city 's low ranking , there are some in Hong Kong with a long-term strategy to import players and know-how from the world 's best : embattled football-superpower Spain . "  I 've decided to come to Hong Kong because opportunities in my country are n't very promising , " former Spanish La Liga player Lander Panera told CNN . Panera , 30 , was concerned about the economy in his home country and chose this year to settle in a place where growth is robust . He recently secured a contract with the local team Southern District , where he shares the playing field with fellow countrymen like Diego Gómez Heredia and Diego Folgar Toimil . Hong Kong 's embrace of Spanish footballers does n't end there . Ken Ng , head of Hong Kong Kitchee , one of the top local teams , has been working with former Spanish athletes for years to develop local players . Recently , the Hong Kong Jockey Club Charity Trust donated US$ 5.7 million to Kitchee to start a football talent development center . The project aims to make stars out of young Hongkongers with potential . "  It 's all about youth development , youth training , and hopefully in six , or eight , or 10 years time we 'll have a much better group of youngsters coming through our program , and that will help Hong Kong be one of the strongest teams in Asia , " Ng told CNN . " -LSB- We -RSB- will give Japan a run for their money . " Ng brought two Spanish veterans to the Far East to help : Josep Gombau , a veteran of Barcelona youth football education and current Kitchee head coach , and retired La Liga player Roberto "  Chino " Losada , also a former Kitchee player . The project includes international exposure for young players , not only with foreign coaches but also with extensive travel . "  We will give them a view of the world , " Ng told CNN , "  every year we will take them to Spain . " There , the players will compete in events like the Mediterranean International Cup , a top juvenile international tournament held in Catalonia . The Kitchee 's team competed there last March . "  It 's all about youth development , youth training , " Ng said . In the meantime , Spanish players like Panera are considering Hong Kong as a permanent home . "  If things do n't improve in my country , in Europe , I would n't have a problem -LSB- staying in Hong Kong -RSB- , " Panera told CNN .	Football players from hard-hit Spain are finding new careers in Hong Kong Player : "  I 've come to Hong Kong because opportunities in my country are n't very promising " Spanish players and coaches brought in to develop the former British colony 's talent Hong Kong football is ranked is ranked 154th in the world and 25th in the region
Mexico 's federal police had harsh words Wednesday for an American-born accused drug lord who claimed he paid off top security officials . Edgar Valdez Villarreal has repeatedly "  tried to blackmail authorities to obtain privileges , " Mexico 's Public Safety Secretariat said . "  Held in a federal maximum security prison , he has tried to get benefits during his stay , including threatening hunger strikes to pressure them . " Read more : Police : Accused drug lord moved tons of cocaine to U.S. Police released the statement after Mexico 's Reforma newspaper published a letter purportedly from the alleged drug lord , a former Texas high school football star known as "  La Barbie " because of his blue eyes and light complexion . In the letter , Valdez claims that Mexico 's top security officials have received bribes from him , "  from drug trafficking and from organized crime . " Valdez told Reforma that authorities arrested him in 2010 after he refused to participate in a deal President Felipe Calderon was allegedly trying to negotiate with the country 's major drug gangs . In an address broadcast Wednesday night , Calderon did not respond to that claim , but the outgoing president has repeatedly spoken out against organized crime and corruption . Investigators have described Valdez as one of the most ruthless drug traffickers in Mexico . His letter , police said , aims to stop "  authorities ' actions against criminal organizations by publicly discrediting those who have fought them . " Read more : Police : American-born drug kingpin arrested in Mexico Federal police said Wednesday that Valdez is connected with many violent homicides and implied that he could be trying to avoid justice with his letter . "  Organized crime and its allies historically have tried to maintain themselves in impunity and avoid at all costs that the Mexican government pursues and captures them , " police said . Spokesman Jose Ramon Salinas read the federal police statement Wednesday but did not take questions from reporters . He said federal police had arrested 128,242 criminals in the past six years , including nearly 3,500 connected with the command structure of organized crime groups . The letter 's publication comes amid increased scrutiny of Genaro Garcia Luna , who heads Mexico 's federal police . He is scheduled to testify before lawmakers Thursday about his division 's human rights record . And his agency is in the crosshairs of Mexican President-elect Enrique Pena Nieto , who takes office Saturday . Mexico 's new leader to U.S. : Let 's get beyond the drug war Pena Nieto has proposed a bureaucratic overhaul that would eliminate Garcia Luna 's Cabinet post and place the force under Mexico 's Interior Ministry . Asked why she released the letter from Valdez , the accused kingpin 's lawyer said she was "  simply and sensibly complying with an instruction my client gave me , " according to Reforma , and said that her client could be extradited to the United States at any moment . Attorney Erendira Joselyn Guerra Gutierrez told the newspaper that Valdez had a right "  for facts to be clarified and for justice to be done . " GPS : Misconceptions about Mexico Valdez is accused in the United States of attempting to launder money and conspiring to import and distribute cocaine . Valdez is believed to have played a key role in shipping roughly 100 kilograms  220 pounds  of cocaine across the border at Laredo , Texas , every week for much of 2005 , U.S. authorities have said . Before his arrest , U.S. Justice Department officials offered a $ 2 million reward for information leading to the capture of the alleged cocaine kingpin . In Mexico , Valdez faces charges that include drug trafficking , kidnapping and arms possession , Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office has said . Mexican authorities touted his 2010 arrest as a high-profile win in the nation 's drug war . Defiant former mayor in Mexico is killed Valdez was allegedly a one-time top lieutenant of Mexico 's most wanted man , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman . He later joined the breakaway Beltran Leyva cartel , but the leader of that group , Arturo Beltran Leyva , was killed in a shootout with Mexican officials in late 2009 . Beltran 's brother Carlos was arrested , leaving Valdez in a fight to fill a power vacuum in one of Mexico 's most powerful drug cartels .	Federal police say Edgar Valdez Villarreal has tried to blackmail authorities The accused drug lord says in a letter that he paid off security officials His letter , police say , is an attempt to stop authorities and skirt justice Valdez is known as "  La Barbie " because of his blue eyes and light complexion
CNN  -- What do Copernicus and a Britney Spears look-a-like have in common ? Despite centuries separating the two , both have inspired greatness in Poland . Maxim named Joanna Crupa , a Polish/American model and actress , 61st in its 2006 Hot 100 list . Here we look at some of Poland 's most famous nationals -- from years gone by to the present day . Many have influenced a world far beyond their country 's boundary . Nicolaus Copernicus  1473-1543 Copernicus was a mathematician , astronomer , physician , classical scholar , translator , Catholic cleric , jurist , governor , military leader , diplomat and economist . He is primarily known , however , for his theory that earth is not the center of the universe . His book , "  De revolutionibus orbium coelestium "  On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres  , is often regarded as the starting point of modern astronomy and the defining moment that began the Scientific Revolution . Copernicus was born in 1473 in Thorn . Thorn was a city in Prussia , an autonomous region in the old Kingdom of Poland . Frederick Chopin  Fryderyk Chopin   1810-1849 Born in the village of Zelazowa Wola in Warsaw , to a Polish mother and French father , he was regarded early on as a child-prodigy piano virtuoso . He is generally considered to be Poland 's greatest composer , and ranks as one of music 's greatest tone poets . Always in fragile health , he died in Paris in 1849 from chronic pulmonary tuberculosis . He was only 39 . Mari-Sklodowska  Marie Curie   1867-1934 Marie Curie , a Polish physicist and chemist , is arguably the most famous female scientist . She was a pioneer in the field of radioactivity , the only person honored with Nobel Prizes in two different sciences , and the first female professor at the University of Paris . Her French husband Pierre Curie and both her daughter Irène Joliot-Curie and son-in-law Frederic Joliot-Curie were awarded a Nobel prizes . Marie Curie was born in Warsaw . In 1891 she moved to Paris to further her studies and work on scientific projects . She found the theory of radioactivity and also found two new elements , radium and polonium  the latter being named after her native Poland . Karol Wojtyla  Pope John Paul II   1920-2005 Karol Józef Wojtyla was born on 18 May , 1920 in the Polish town of Wadowice . At only 58 years of age , he was the youngest pope elected since Pope Pius IX in 1846 . He reigned as the 264th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 1978 until his death in 2005 . His reign of over 26 years was the second-longest after Pius IX 's 32-year reign . He has been the only Polish pope , and was the first non-Italian pope since the Dutch Adrian VI in the 1520s . The pope traveled extensively , visiting over 100 countries , more than any other pope and was fluent in numerous languages : Polish , Italian , French , German , English , Spanish , Croatian , Portuguese , Russian and Latin . He was the victim of several assassination attempts , but later said he forgave the perpetrators . He was chosen twice as person of the year by Time magazine . Andrzej Wajda  1926 - Wajda , born in Suwalki , Poland is an award-winning Polish film Director . He received an honorary Oscar in 2000 . After the fall of communism in 1989 , he was elected as a government senator while he continued his role as artistic director of Warsaw 's Teatr Powszechny . His films often raise social awareness and have dealt with a number of subjects including war , communism and murder  based on the murder of his own father by the Soviets in 1940  . Wajda married four times . He has one daughter and is currently married to actress Krystyna Zachwatowicz . Roman Raymond Polanski  1933 - Polanski is an Academy Award-winning and four-time nominated Polish film director , writer , actor and producer . After beginning his career in Poland , Polanski became a celebrated filmmaker and director of such films as Rosemary 's Baby  1968  and Chinatown  1974  . Recently Polanski has made acclaimed films such as the Academy Award-winning and Cannes Film Festival Palme d'Or-winning The Pianist  2002  , and Oliver Twist  2005  . Polanski has a tragic personal history . He lived in Nazi-occupied Poland during the Second World War and was persecuted for being Jewish . He escaped death by hiding in a farmer 's cow shed , while his mother was murdered in the infamous Nazi death camp at Auschwitz . After surviving the Holocaust and moving to the United States , Polanski married American actress Sharon Tate . In 1969 , Tate , who was pregnant at the time , was murdered by serial killer Charles Manson 's sect . In 1978 , Polanski pleaded guilty in the United States to "  unlawful sexual intercourse " with a 13-year-old girl . The director fled to France before sentencing . He now lives there and has French citizenship . He can not return to the United States because he is likely to be imprisoned . Lech Walesa  1943 - A former President of Poland and Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Walesa is often credited with changing the Polish political system . He founded the organization "  Solidarity , " the country 's first independent trade union , which was pivotal in bringing about the fall of the communist regime . He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 for his human rights activism . In 1989 , after the fall of the Soviet Union , he persuaded leaders from formerly communist parties to form the first non-communist coalition government . He was president of Poland from 1990 to 1995 . In 2000 , Walesa once again stood for the presidential election , but received very little support and subsequently announced his retirement . Joanna Krupa  1979 - Krupa is a Polish-American model and actress . Born in Warsaw , the daughter of hotelier Steven Krupa , she eventually moved with her family to the United States at the age of five . Krupa has appeared on various magazine covers including FHM , Personal , Inside Sport , Stuff , Steppin ' Out , Teeze and Maxim , in which she was named the Sexiest Swimsuit Model in the World . Maxim named her 61st in its 2006 Hot 100 list . She was also voted German Maxim 's Model of the Year 2004-2005 . She posed nude in the July 2005 issue of Playboy and also did a nude photoshoot for animal rights group PETA . The advertisements all have "  I would rather go naked than wear fur " as a motto . Krupa has been quoted as saying , "  There is nothing sexy about wearing something that is so obviously tied to senseless pain and killing . " Robert Kubica  1984 - Born in Krakow , Kubica is the first Polish racing driver to compete in Formula One . Since 2006 he has driven for the BMW Sauber F1 team , promoted from test driver to race driver during the 2006 season . In June 2008 , he achieved his maiden F1 victory at the Canadian Grand Prix , becoming the 99th F1 racer to win a Grand Prix . Dorota Rabczewska or "  Doda "  1984 - Dorota Rabczewska , or Dorota Rabczewska-Majdan , is often nicknamed Doda or Doda Elektroda or "  the Polish Britney Spears . " She was born in Ciechanow , and is one of the most famous and successful pop singers in Poland . Doda started her career at the age of 14 and became popular after her participation in a reality TV show "  Bar . " In 2000 , at the age of 16 , Rabczewska became the vocalist of the Polish rock band Virgin . In December 2005 and October 2007 , she posed nude for the Polish edition of Playboy Magazine . She also posed for CKM Magazine several times . Doda received a Superjedynka award on National Festival of Polish Song in Opole in 2006 . In 2007 , she left her record company , Virgin , to begin a solo career . Her first solo album was released in 2007 and was certified as gold on the day before its official release . In 2008 , her album "  Diamond Bitch " went double platinum after 60,000 copies of the album had been sold .	Top ten Poles : Marie Curie and her Nobel Prized family Pope John Paul ll : 27 year-reign , visited over 100 countries , spoke ten languages Joanna Crupa : Former "  Sexiest Swimsuit Model " in the world
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A top Mexican drug cartel suspect has been arrested along with 12 accomplices , including five women , federal authorities said . Police guard suspected members of the Beltran Leyva cartel after they were arrested in a 2008 raid . Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra , known as El Nito and believed to be a top lieutenant in the Beltran Leyva cartel , was arrested Monday at an airport in Nuevo Leon state , said the Mexican National Defense secretary . Along with the suspects , officials said they also confiscated a Cessna 550 airplane , two cars , a large quantity of drugs and cash , firearms and a hand grenade . Soldiers acting on an anonymous tip arrested the eight men and five women , including one minor , National Defense said in a release Tuesday . Authorities said they confiscated 40,680 pesos  U.S. $ 3,150  , $ 29,385  379,507 pesos  , 13 packages of marijuana weighing 13 kilograms  29 pounds  , three computers and 28 cell phones . The Beltran Leyva cartel is one of the top drug organizations in Mexico , allied with the Gulf cartel in its battle against the Sinaloa organized crime syndicate . The Beltran Leyva group was formerly allied with the Sinaloa cartel , considered the largest drug-trafficking organization in the nation . The two other major drug organizations in Mexico are the Juarez and Tijuana cartels . According to media reports , someone alerted authorities when a tipster noticed heavily armed men waiting at the airport in northern Mexico . Ibarra was on a flight back from a baptism in Acapulco at which drug cartel chief Arturo Beltran Leyva had anointed him with the top post in Nuevo Leon , the news reports said . A published photo of Ibarra after his arrest shows him wearing a long-sleeved printed shirt and blue jeans , a forlorn look on his face as he gazes off to the side . Ibarra , 33 , was the second top suspect from the Beltran Leyva cartel arrested in recent weeks . In March , authorities announced the arrest of Hector Huerta Rios , also known as "  La Burra " or "  El Junior . " Like Ibarra , he was arrested in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia in Nuevo Leon state , along Mexico 's border with the United States . Mexican officials also have recently announced the arrests of several other high-ranking cartel suspects as President Felipe Calderon wages a battle against a drug trade he says killed 6,500 people last year . About 2,000 more Mexicans are believed to have been killed this year . In April , authorities announced the arrest of Vicente Carrillo Leyva , a suspected leader of the Carrillo Fuentes drug cartel . A couple of weeks earlier , officials said they had arrested Sigifredo Najera Talamantes , a drug-trafficking suspect accused of attacking a U.S. consulate and killing Mexican soldiers . Talamantes , also known as "  El Canicon , " also is suspected in attacks on a television station in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon , the state-run Notimex agency said . That same week , the Mexican military also arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant .	Suspected top Beltran Leyva cartel lieutenant arrested at airport in Nuevo Leon 12 more suspects arrested ; airplane , cars , drugs , cash , guns confiscated Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra , aka El Nito , arrested on his way back from a baptism
CNN  -- Footballers can often crumble under the weight of a hefty price tag . Just ask Fernando Torres , the once-prolific Spain striker who has scored a miserly five goals since joining Chelsea from Liverpool for a British record $ 80 million in January 2011 . But not all of soccer 's high-priced stars struggle with their lofty valuations . Javier Pastore has adapted quickly to life as the poster boy of Qatar Sports Investment 's spending spree at French club Paris Saint-Germain . The Argentina playmaker has found the net 10 times in 25 games since moving to the French capital from Italian club Palermo for a French record transfer fee of â ‚ ¬ 42 million  $ 56 million  in August 2011 . Pastore 's form has been a key factor in PSG 's rise to second in the French First Division , with the team currently sat in the final qualifying spot for the European Champions League and on track to return to the competition for the first time since 2004 . "  There was only pressure at the beginning , " the 22-year-old told CNN when asked about the pressure of his transfer fee . "  Then the pressure goes away and I did n't feel it anymore . Ancelotti : PSG can rival Europe 's best "  The first few games , yeah , because people talked about it a lot . And if you do n't score a goal , you think , ` Oh , they made the wrong decision and should have bought another player , ' but it happens . That 's football . " Pastore is one part of a trio with Italian connections who have become the face of PSG under new Qatari chairman Nasser Al-Khelaifi Carlo Ancelotti , who won the Champions League as a player and a coach with AC Milan , replaced sacked manager Antoine Kombouare in December . PSG 's director of football Leonardo also has ties to the San Siro . Like former Italy international Ancelotti , the Brazilian World Cup winner has been a player and coach at Milan . Cash for cups ? Qatar 's influence spreads Pastore said the influence of Leonardo , also a midfielder in his playing days , was key to his decision to head to the Parc des Princes , despite reported interest from more prestigious clubs . "  The person who convinced me the most was Leonardo , " he said . "  He always showed interest in me and was always in touch . "  When the club 's project emerged , he was the one who told me about it and encouraged me to come over . "  There were a lot of good reasons to come in PSG 's project and I was a part of them . Luckily , I can tell you that I made the right choice . " Can Qatari cash make PSG a football force ? Pastore has been impressed with the impact former Chelsea manager Ancelotti has had during his first few months with the club . "  Carlo is a big-name manager with lots of experience and was a big change from the previous manager . Tactically , he does things differently since he has been in other countries , " said Pastore , who played for Atletico Huracan in his homeland . "  He knows a lot about how they play in each league and that definitely gives us something we did n't have before . " PSG have made no secret of their attempts to attract football 's biggest stars , with ambitious bids for Manchester City 's Carlos Tevez and Los Angeles Galaxy 's David Beckham falling through in January . AC Milan 's Alexandre Pato and Real Madrid 's Kaka have also been linked with PSG , and Pastore admitted he would love his fellow Argentina international Gonzalo Higuain to join him too . "  I 'd like to bring over a player like Higuain , " he said of the Real Madrid striker . "  He would be a very important part of our team and could make a big difference in France . "  I have a good relationship with him , but we have n't talked . He 's on Real Madrid ... it 's not like he 's on a club that 's smaller than Paris Saint-Germain . " The two-time French champions are six points ahead ahead of third-placed Lille and one point behind surprise leaders Montpellier following last weekend 's dramatic 4-4 draw with Lyon . Like everyone else involved with the 1996 Cup Winners ' Cup holders , Pastore knows that the ultimate aim is for PSG to compete at the top of European football . "  We wanted to be in the qualifying spots and go to the Champions League , so the team could grow and play another competition . "  We obviously want to be French champions because it 's within our grasp . But our main goal was always to get to the Champions League . "	PSG 's Javier Pastore says he no longer feels the pressure of his record price tag The Argentina international is the most expensive player in French history The 22-year-old would like to be joined at PSG by Real Madrid 's Gonzalo Higuain Pastore reveals Brazilian World Cup winner Leonardo was key to him joining PSG
CNN  It was supposed to be a silent march when demonstrators packed the streets of Buenos Aires . But it did n't take long for the chanting to start at Wednesday 's march through the Argentine capital . Some demonstrators called out , "  Nisman is here ! " Others chanted , "  Long live the motherland ! " The march was organized by six prosecutors to honor the memory of Alberto Nisman , a special prosecutor whose mysterious death a month ago has shaken the South American nation . Police said hundreds of thousands of people turned out for Wednesday 's march . Many of them walked with umbrellas through a torrential downpour . Nisman was found with a gunshot wound to his head in his apartment on January 18 , a day before he was scheduled to testify before lawmakers about his accusations of a government cover-up that he said reached all the way up to the country 's President . Authorities have yet to determine if his death was suicide or murder . Among those attending Wednesday 's demonstration was Sandra Arroyo Salgado , Nisman 's ex-wife , a judge who has maintained that he never would have ended his own life . She marched with their two teenage daughters at her side . Nisman had alleged that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner shielded Iranian officials accused of masterminding the bombing of a Jewish community center in 1994 that left 85 people dead . His death has spurred a number of protests and speculation that the government could have had something to do with it . Fernandez has denied the accusations against her and suggested forces conspiring against her government had him killed . "  They used him while he was alive , and then they needed him dead , " she wrote last month . "  It 's that sad and terrible . " The prosecutor who replaced Nisman formally accused the President of a cover-up last week . But government officials say the accusations are politically motivated and that Nisman was killed in an effort to destabilize democracy in their country . At an event with supporters last week , the President criticized the organizers of the march . "  We choose singing and happiness , " Fernandez said , "  and leave silence to them . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo and journalist Iván Pérez Sarmenti contributed to this report .	Police say hundreds of thousands of demonstrators packed the streets of Buenos Aires They were marching in honor of special prosecutor Alberto Nisman , who died a month ago His mysterious death has shaken the country , spurring protests and conspiracy theories
CNN  -- Bangladesh pulled off one of the big upsets of the 2011 Cricket World Cup by beating England by two wickets in a thrilling Group B match at Chittagong on Friday . The co-hosts kept alive their hopes of qualifying for the quarterfinals and left England in danger of crashing out of the tournament following a second defeat in five matches . The English must now win their final game next Thursday against the West Indies , who earlier survived a scare before beating Ireland and have an extra game to play against unbeaten India . Bangladesh also have two matches left , against fellow minnows the Netherlands on Monday and then heavyweights South Africa on March 19 , and will qualify in the top four with wins in both . England posted a disappointing total of 225 , being bowled out in the final of the allotted 50 overs as Naeem Islam , Abdur Razzak and captain Shakib Al Hasan took two wickets each . Jonathan Trott top-scored with 67 while Eoin Morgan , playing his first match since replacing the injured Kevin Pietersen , contributed 63 . Bangladesh had been bowled out for 58 by the Windies last Friday , but appeared to be cruising to a famous victory at 155-3 in the 31st over . However , opening batsman Imrul Kayes was needlessly run out for 60 , Al Hasan  32  dragged a delivery from spinner Graeme Swann onto his stumps , then seam bowler Ajmal Shahzad dismissed Mushfiqur Rahim and Islam  0  . Razzaq fell to Swann three runs later at 169-8 , but Shafiul Islam joined Mahmudullah and gave Bangladesh hope . Islam hit four fours and a six as he scored 24 off as many balls faced , while Mahmudullah made a dogged 21 off 42 . The tide turned in the 46th over when England swing bowler James Anderson conceded 11 runs , including seven wides . Islam then hit two boundaries in Tim Bresnan 's next over to bring the target down to 12 runs from 18 balls , and Mahmudullah hit the same bowler to the boundary with the last delivery of the 49th to give Bangladesh a second win in 15 meetings with the three-time World Cup runners-up . "  I thought Mahmudullah and Shafiul batted exceptionally well . At one stage we thought we 'd lost the game but they showed their character , how tough they are and how hard-working , " Al Hasan told AFP . Ireland also beat England earlier this month , and had been on target to follow that up with a win over the West Indies at Mohali until a controversial umpiring decision turned the game . The Windies had posted a total of 275 as opener Devon Smith scored his first century in one-day internationals , going on to make 107 , and all-rounder Kieron Pollard smashed 94 off 55 balls -- hitting eight fours and five sixes . Pollard also pulled off a fine catch to dismiss dangerman Kevin O'Brien , Ireland 's match-winner against England , but the Irish needed just 76 runs to win off the last nine overs with half their wickets remaining when Gary Wilson was given out for 61 . Sri Lankan umpire Asoka de Silva ruled that Wilson had been trapped leg before wicket by Darren Sammy , and the batsman 's call for a second review was unsuccessful even though it appeared that he should not have been given out . Ireland then lost their last four wickets cheaply as left-arm spinner Sulieman Benn finished with 4-53 alongside Sammy 's earlier three strikes as the Windies moved up to second place , a point above England . In Saturday 's only game , India face South Africa in Nagpur , while Sunday sees Group B matches between Canada and New Zealand , then Australia and Kenya .	Bangladesh batsmen succeed in chase for 226 runs to beat England in Chittagong The English suffered their second shock defeat of the 2011 Cricket World Cup West Indies move above England to second place in Group B after beating Ireland Devon Smith scores first one-day century and Kieron Pollard smashes 94 off 55 balls
CNN  -- Turkey 's economy , fattened with foreign investment during its boom-times , has stalled amid warnings its model is unsustainable . The country 's $ 800 billion economy remains among the 20 biggest in the world -- but the IMF says it ca n't last and remains too vulnerable to dangers outside its borders . The OECD has also weighed in with concerns , saying the country 's addiction to foreign money risks volatility . How did it get into this mess ? Many developed countries struggled with growth after the global financial crisis . But not Turkey , which grew substantially over the last decade -- the country 's GDP grew by average 5.5 % per year . The government of Recep Tayyip Erdogan , now a presidential candidate , was praised for its ability to attract foreign investors from Europe and emerging markets such as Russia and China . The rapid economic growth was largely fueled by cheap credit pouring into the country . As the crisis hit developed economies , investors turned to emerging markets , which promised higher returns than depressed Western markets . For years , Turkey enjoyed a foreign-funded construction boom . House prices have soared more than 50 % since the end of 2009 and both the country 's GDP and per capita income have increased threefold since 2003 . But the party ended with the U.S. Federal Reserve announcing a scale-back in its stimulus program last summer . Suddenly , there was less cash available to invest . With more security in the U.S. economy , investors started pulling their money from the emerging markets . Turkey 's growth slowed to just above 2 % in 2013 and the country 's currency , the lira , slumped further in January this year . That forced Turkey 's central bank to ratchet up its interest rates from 7.7 % to 12 % -- showing the bank 's determination to prevent foreign capital outflows . Erdogan strongly opposed the bank 's move to raise the rates . He argued it would hurt Turkey 's growth , blaming the lira 's tumble on the opposition and an "  interest rates lobby , " and saying it was the result of a conspiracy . What 's the economy doing now ? The OECD expects 3.5 % growth in 2014 , picking up slightly from 2013 , but high inflation is pushing the country back and hurting consumers . At around 9 % , annual inflation is nearly double the Turkish central bank 's target of 5 % . This , coupled with the country 's low employment rate leads to high levels of poverty . In an OECD study , one in three Turks said they were not able to afford sufficient food . The OECD average is one in seven . Furthermore , 20 % of Turks live below the relative poverty line , meaning they survive on less then half of the Turkish median income . This makes Turkey the third poorest developed nation , with Mexico and Israel lagging behind . Turkey 's strategic position means the country is the bridge between Asia and Europe . Its membership of NATO and candidacy to join the European Union reflect its importance . But unrest and uncertainty has already cost the country millions , with its stock market losing a third of its value last year . Opinion : Turkey 's Teflon politician targets top post	The IMF says Turkish economy remains too vulnerable to dangers outside its borders Turkey grew substantially over the last decade as investors turned to emerging markets But volatility , income inequality and high inflation is hurting the growth , IMF warns
EW.com  -- Talk about touchdown casting ! After closing out his guest spot on "  Parenthood " in the fall , Michael B. Jordan is headed back to the small screen for a guest spot in "  House 's " 14th episode , playing a blind patient , the studio confirms to EW . Jordan spilled the news earlier today via Twitter , but it appears he may have done so prematurely . The tweet has since disappeared from his feed , and later , he tweeted , "  My bad @foxbroadcasting . " and "  Now I know never to tweet before the studio approves . hahha #socialnetworkisinsane . " Jordan previously starred on "  Friday Night Lights " as quarterback Vince Howard . "  House , " currently in its 8th season , returns January 9 , with a two hour episode . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael B. Jordan is headed back to the small screen for a guest spot in "  House " Jordan spilled the news earlier today via Twitter He will be playing a blind patient , the studio says
CNN  -- Nothing better sums up Africa 's extraordinary mixture of challenges and opportunities than agriculture . On the one hand , Africa is home to one in four of the world 's hungry and is the only continent which fails to grow enough food to meet its own needs . Yet it has also half of the world 's unused land suitable for farming . Better still , increasing yields on existing farmland by 50 % -- still far below the global average -- would not only meet Africa 's own food requirements but provide a sizable surplus for export . With global food supply needing to increase by an estimated 70 % by 2050 , the continent is at the heart of the challenge of food security . All this explains why agriculture in Africa is finally getting the attention it deserves from both the continent 's governments and donors . The recent Nutrition for Growth summit generated pledges of $ 4.1 billion to fight malnutrition and hunger . This builds on the commitments made at Camp David 12 months ago when we , along with other local and multinational companies , committed to collectively invest over $ 3 billion across the agricultural value chain in Grow Africa countries . There is now increased pressure on G8 leaders , meeting this week in the UK , to tackle the issues at the heart of food insecurity , including "  land grabs . " Read this : African land grabs , mirage in the desert In the worst cases , local communities and farmers have been evicted from land they long regarded as their own . Farmland which was once productive can be left idle . Plans to grow crops for export in the future can also be difficult to stomach when local people do n't have food to eat today . Land purchases which ignore the interests of local communities and the local landscapes are both morally wrong and commercially short-sighted . We need action both nationally and globally to stop them . But there is a danger that these clear-cut cases fuel opposition to all outside investment or create a false choice between large-scale commercial farming and smallholders . The truth is Africa desperately needs to maximize the potential of both to meet the needs of its citizens . With smallholder farmers still producing 80 % of the food and supporting 65 % of the population of sub-Saharan Africa , they are central to any successful sustainable solution . We need to lift the barriers which have seen them locked out of the developments in agriculture from which farmers around the world have long benefited . Where this has happened , the results can be remarkable . Read this : Africa can feed itself in a generation As a company , we have been working with African farmers for many years . We buy our raw materials from all sorts of farming systems , from large-scale commercial barley farmers right through to near-subsistence cassava farmers who we are keen to help become viable commercial operators -- and at least half of the grains we use come from local farmers . The challenge for all who want to see African agriculture drive prosperity for its people is to maximize the benefits which both smallholder and large-scale commercial farming can bring . There is no single answer to preventing land grabs but at the heart of any solution is the need to improve land rights . It is no coincidence that many of the most questionable acquisitions have taken place in countries with the weakest system of land rights in place . As much as 90 % of the land in sub-Sahara Africa is untitled . The result is that communities which may have lived and farmed the land for many generations have no enforceable legal claim to it . In the worst cases , this can allow land to be sold off by governments from under their feet without any hope of compensation . Read this : Land grabs really water grabs ? Improved land rights which go at least some way to recognize history and usage would help prevent this from happening . Nor is it impossible to put in place . Countries such as Botswana and Ghana have already improved their laws so customarily held lands have the force of private property . Giving people the protection of legally enforceable land rights does not only give them security . It also gives them greater incentive to invest in their farms and an easier route to get this investment . The lack of legal paperwork to their land remains a major reason for the refusal of banks to lend to farmers . Improving land rights would also help commercial organizations who want to invest and farm in a responsible way . The present position gives us the worst of all worlds . While bad investors can get away with riding roughshod over the rights of smallholders and communities , the present free-for-all makes it difficult for good investors who want to farm in a way which is beneficial to local people and the environment from accessing land . It is not just weak land rights which are holding back African agriculture , and the solutions are complex and multi-faceted . But work to put in place a fair and enforceable system would be a major step to helping the continent fulfill its rich potential . The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of Mark Bowman .	G8 leaders under pressure to tackle food security , says Mark Bowman National and international action is needed to stop land grabs , he says But Africa needs both large-scale commercial farming and smallholders , he adds Bowman calls for "  a fair and enforceable system " of land rights
CNN  -- A day on ... not a day off . These words are written on posters that fill the gymnasium of the King Center in Atlanta . They sit beside the image of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and are meant to inspire others to devote themselves to their "  beloved communities " on the upcoming holiday . Young leaders from across Atlanta gathered this month during a celebration of the holiday to talk about how they are seeking change in their schools , homes and communities . "  The legacy of Dr. King is oneness in the community , everyone treating each other as they would want to be treated , " said Monique Barashango , founder of Atlanta 's ViZion Dance company . "  Living a life full of love , giving a helping hand wherever you see fit . " Barashango does n't set aside one Monday a year to give back . The former substitute teacher tries to live in the spirit of King . Passionate yet soft-spoken , Barashango started the performance group when she spotted immense talent in a group of otherwise marginalized youth . "  Some of our children have gone through unimaginable circumstances , and our young adults as well , " Barashango said . "  But they use their lives as living testimony so that others can live productive lives . " Chaz Wright is one of those offering testimony . A teen poet who started writing in the fifth grade , Wright believes in the power to change his community through spoken word . "  I realized that poetry is really something that people listen to , and I want to get the message out as many ways as I can , " Wright said . From his poem "  Maturity " : See now I 'd rather have respect then some diamonds around my neck . I want to graduate top of my class . What most do n't understand is high school is n't going to last forever . As president of the Stewart Foundation , which Wright says works to build leaders of tomorrow , this teen also lives the legacy of King . "  If you really want to make a change , you have to go out and make it happen yourself . You ca n't expect somebody else to do it . " What does he hope for Monday ? "  I would encourage everybody on this holiday to go out and actually try to make a difference in the world , " Wright said . Princess Starr encounters talented teens like Wright as co-founder of the Young Voices United Performing Arts School in suburban Atlanta . The former Spelman College music major says her family helps give back to the community in the tradition of King . "  We can bring our youth in and actually teach them life skills through a performing art , " Starr said . "  We are helping to carry on the dream that Dr. King articulated to let our kids know that they can do anything , they can be anything . " Her words of advice : "  Go out and do something for someone . Be a light to somebody . " Looking for inspiration for your day on ? For more ways to change the world in your own area on Martin Luther King Jr. . Day , visit www.serve.gov/mlkday .	Arts organizations gathered in Atlanta to celebrate the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. . Teen leader Chaz Wright encourages others to make the King holiday a day of service For more ways to change the world , visit www.serve.gov/mlkday
Moscow  CNN  Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared in public Monday for the first time in about 10 days as he met with Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev in the Russian city of St. Petersburg . Putin is n't generally one to shy away from the limelight -- posing with a  tranquilized  tiger , riding a horse while shirtless , earning a karate black belt . So his unexplained absence fueled speculation about his health , grip on power and even his love life . Although the Kremlin and the Russian state media released photos and video footage of Putin last week , they did not quell the rumors about his whereabouts , because it was unclear when they were taken . So all eyes were turned to St. Petersburg on Monday for Putin 's scheduled meeting with Atambayev of Kyrgyzstan . His appearance before the press , looking healthy and relaxed , should help put some of the rumors at least to rest . And he made light of his absence , saying : "  It would be boring without gossip . " In another sign Putin has a firm hand on the tiller , Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said the President had ordered Russia 's Northern Fleet to be placed on full combat alert from Monday morning for snap checks , Russia 's state-run Tass news agency reported . The checks are intended to test the fleet 's capacity to ensure Russia 's military security in the Arctic , Tass said . Also on alert are Russia 's Western Military District and certain airborne units , with some 38,000 military personnel involved in total . Here 's what gave some doubters grist for the rumor mill : On Friday -- three days before the scheduled meeting -- a Russian state media broadcaster prematurely aired a report that Putin had a meeting with Atambayev -- although the event had not yet occurred . The station acknowledged the error , but it only heightened the speculation over Putin and his whereabouts . Social media has been swirling with questions , with hashtags such as #Putindead and #putinmissing . Was he ill ? Was he holed away somewhere with his girlfriend and a new baby , as some in the European media speculated ? There were even dark rumors of a palace coup in which various Kremlin factions vying for power might have ousted him . The Kremlin vigorously denied that anything was amiss , with Putin 's spokesman saying the President was healthy and that his handshake "  can break a hand . " But his absence came at an uneasy time as the country deals with economic turmoil and strained international relations over the war in Ukraine . "  Does Putin ever catch a cold ? Does he ever get sick ? The Kremlin does n't want to allow Putin 's image of virility and strength to become tarnished by the weaknesses of mere humans , " CNN analyst Frida Ghitis wrote . "  Putin rules in the old-fashioned style of a personality cult . The system requires propaganda and image control . It needs Putin to be larger than life . " Last week , presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov sought to allay questions , telling Russian radio station Echo of Moscow that people should not worry and that Putin was "  absolutely " healthy . "  No need to worry , everything is all right . He has working meetings all the time , only not all of these meetings are public , " Peskov said Thursday . He also dismissed European media reports that Putin had a love child . "  I am going to ask people who have money to organize a contest on the best media rumor , " the Kremlin spokesman said . Rumblings about Putin began last week after a meeting in the Kazakh capital , Astana , between the Russian leader and the presidents of Kazakhstan and Belarus was postponed at short notice . A Kazakh official told Reuters that Putin had fallen ill . On Thursday , he missed his meeting with the Federal Security Service , Russia 's counterintelligence agency . Putin 's last public appearance was supposedly on March 8 , International Women 's Day . But some keeping track say he had n't been seen since even earlier -- March 5 . In the course of his many years in power , Putin has cultivated the image of a strong and vigorous leader . His exploits , captured on film and released to the media , have been many . And he enjoys a whopping 86 % approval rating , although some critics question the validity of polling they say is carried out in a climate where people are afraid to voice opposition to Putin 's government . "  Moscow always has been a center for rumors and speculation , " said Jill Dougherty , an expert on Russia at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and a former CNN correspondent . "  As soon as the President does not show up , which is really kind of rare for him , people begin to question . "  You have to look at this in terms of , why all of this insanity ? And one of the problems is , people are very nervous , legitimately . Where is Putin ? Is he in charge ? " CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Official : Vladimir Putin has put Russia 's Northern Fleet on alert to check its capacity Putin makes light of his absence , saying , "  It would be boring without gossip " The Russian President meets with President of Kyrgyzstan in St. Petersburg , Russia
CNN  -- The man at the center of an immense art find suspected to have been looted during the Nazi period has spoken publicly for the first time , saying he longs for the art to be returned to him . In an extensive interview with the German magazine , Der Spiegel , published online on Sunday , Cornelius Gurlitt describes how he has never mixed with other people and sees the more than 1,400 pictures that he inherited as his only friends . The son of a Nazi-era art dealer talked to Der Spiegel while travelling out of Munich to see his doctor . Since officials entered the 80-year-old 's flat in 2012 and removed his paintings , many of them masterpieces , his life has become even more lonely . "  I am not Boris Becker . I am something very quiet . I only wanted to live with my pictures , " he says . The vast stash of paintings found in the apartment by the likes of Picasso , Matisse and Chagall , some previously unknown , others that had been presumed lost forever , is thought to be worth upwards of $ 1 billion . His father Hildebrand Gurlitt who was partly Jewish , survived the war as one of only four "  degenerate art " dealers permitted by Adolf Hitler . Gurlitt Sr. , by all accounts a savvy wheeler and dealer , removed the huge collection from his house in Dresden during the devastating bombing in the final days of World War II , and moved it to what later became West Germany . "  My father knew ... the Russians were coming closer , " he tells Der Spiegel . Gurlitt defends his father 's war-time dealings , saying "  maybe he was offered something privately , but he would not have taken it . It would not have been good for him . " Gurlitt Sr. died in a car accident in 1956 , and left all his paintings to his surviving family . His son Cornelius remembers helping his father remove them from the family house in Dresden , and driving them west in a truck . "  I never had anything to do with the acquisition , only with saving them . " Cornelius Gurlitt never married , never made friends , and eventually moved to Munich with his mother when he was 27 . Until she and his sister Benita died in recent years , he had never lived alone . He remains cross with Benita for dying ahead of him . "  She could have inherited everything , and she would have known how to deal with everything . Now everything is so miserable , " he says . Gurlitt says he has no lawyers , and no one to help him . "  They are portraying everything wrongly . I will not talk to them , and I will not return anything voluntarily , no , no . The prosecutor has enough evidence to exonerate me . " Gurlitt does not own a mobile phone and has never used a computer . The auction house Lempertz in Cologne told CNN that Gurlitt sold them a painting by Max Beckmann in 2011 . A spokesman for the auction house described Gurlitt as a somewhat helpless , confused man , easily to be taken advantage of if anyone so desired . For now , Gurlitt lives alone and is isolated once more in his Munich flat . For days after news of the incredible find broke , he was holed up there , with the doorbell ringing nonstop and people putting notes and letters under his front door . But all he wants is the return of his art . "  What kind of state is this that shows my private property ? " he asks . "  They have to come back to me . " GALLERY : What was ` degenerate art ' ?	Man at center of art find allegedly looted in WWII speaks publicly for first time Cornelius Gurlitt tells Der Spiegel he longs for the art to be returned to him Collection includes works by Picasso , Matisse , Chagall , as well as "  degenerate art " Gurlitt defends the war-time dealings of his father who died in 1956
CNN  -- Chronic seizures can present a risk for adolescents , whose bodies and metabolism are changing . Jett Travolta was the elder of John Travolta and Kelly Preston 's two children . A seizure disorder caused the death of Jett Travolta , the 16-year-old son of actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston , a source at a Bahamas funeral home told CNN . "  Literally dozens of different disorders can cause seizures : genetics , stroke , brain tumor , lack of oxygen , low blood sugar , drugs , even certain medications , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . Another expert said the teen years bring risks for those with seizures . "  Adolescence is a time , even if you do n't talk about children with any seizure disorder , where things change in a child , " said Dr. Shlomo Shinnar of Montefiore Medical Center in New York . There are effective drugs to treat seizures . As children grow , their bodies and metabolism change , perhaps causing a need to adjust their dosage , said Shinnar , a professor of neurology and pediatrics and director of the Comprehensive Epilepsy Management Center at Montefiore . "  Seizures during adolescence can get better or worse or stay the same , " he said . And the risk of seizures is higher for children with disabilities such as autism and cerebral palsy , Shinnar said . Jett Travolta had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children . An autopsy of the actors ' son was completed Monday , and the body was cremated that evening , the funeral home source said . Jett was found unconscious in the bathroom Friday while on vacation with his family . Michael Ossi , an attorney for Travolta , told CNN last week that Jett had a seizure that morning at the family 's home in a resort area . He was taken by ambulance to a hospital and pronounced dead on arrival , according to local police . People.com reported that Travolta , Preston and their 8-year-old daughter Ella Blue arrived in Florida on Monday night with Jett 's ashes . The reports that a seizure disorder caused Jett 's death were preliminary , Gupta said . "  It tells us more about what did not happen than the ultimate cause of death . It rules out brain injury , bleeding on brain , skull fractures , rules out heart problems due to Kawasaki disease , which is the disease the Travoltas say their son suffered , " he said . Kawasaki disease , believed to be caused by an infection , inflames the heart muscles . In 2001 , Travolta told CNN 's Larry King that his son had a near brush with death related to the condition . "  I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned . And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome , " Travolta said of his then-2-year-old son . Dr. Cam Patterson , general cardiologist at the University of North Carolina and a genetics expert who follows Kawasaki disease , told CNN , "  There is no real good link at all between Kawasaki disease and cleaning products . "  Kawasaki disease is due to an abnormal immunnologic response , probably to an infectious agent or infection we do n't yet understand , " Patterson said . "  There is nothing that links environmental toxins to this problem . " Someone with Kawasaki could have seizures for one of two reasons , but they would be rare , he said . "  One , sometime in the past one of the arteries in the brain ruptured and caused stroke , " he said . "  Two , if the artery had enlarged enough , it could be pressing on parts of brain and that could cause seizure . Both possibilities are unusual for Kawasaki disease . " A very small study released in 1991 found an association between cases of Kawasaki disease in homes where carpet had been cleaned in the past 30 days . "  It 's very easy to find correlations , but does n't mean causative , " Patterson said . The next step would have been to conduct more tests , by taking toxicological tests and brain examinations to see what could have caused the seizure . "  Even with physical evidence and a deeper look by neuropathologists , we still may never have an answer , " Gupta said on CNN 's American Morning . CNN 's Stephanie Smith and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Seizures in teenagers can be caused by dozens of disorders , genetics Seizure said to have caused the death of Jett Travolta , 16 Family has linked seizures to Kawasaki disease ; experts say it 's unlikely
CNN  -- Fugitive Colorado sex offender Eric Hartwell , who apparently cut off his ankle monitor and left a group home , has been apprehended in Norfolk , Virginia , the U.S. Marshals Service said . A fugitive warrant was requested minutes after Hartwell , 51 , walked away from Independence House in Denver a week ago . Hartwell was convicted of raping a child in 1991 and of attempted indecent liberties in 1996 , according to the Colorado sex offender registry . He was sentenced to five years in prison and ordered to serve a lifetime of supervised parole by a federal judge in Texas in March 2010 after he was found guilty of failing to register as a sex offender , according to a U.S. Justice Department news release . Hartwell was placed in a halfway house in Washington state in March 2009 for failure to register as a sex offender , but after just a week there he cut off his leg monitor and fled to Texas , according to the Justice Department .	Eric Hartwell is a convicted sex offender who was at a group home He appears to have cut off his ankle monitor and fled He was caught in Virginia
South Bend , Ind.  CNN  -- When you say "  Notre Dame " and then throw in words such as mystique , storied and blessed , you create as many folks rolling their eyes as wiping away tears of joy . This has been so throughout the 125 seasons of football for the Fighting Irish , especially when they are good . Well , forget about placing "  Notre Dame " and "  good " in the same sentence for a moment . With overwhelming losses to supposedly inferior foes on a consistent basis and underwhelming coaches from Bob Davie to Tyrone Willingham to Charlie Weis , "  Notre Dame " has been "  mediocre " or less during the last two decades . Now , with Brian Kelly in his third year of leading the Irish while having the fourth-most victories of any coach among the big boys of college football since 2006 , "  Notre Dame " is flirting with "  greatness " at 7-0 despite a monster schedule and all those haters . Oh , and lovers . This gets a little confusing . After all , no team this side of the New York Yankees , Duke basketball and the Dallas Cowboys is more polarizing than the famous -- or is that the infamous ? -- one that resides among the majestic oaks , maples and pines of Northern Indiana . Notre Dame can further its return to prominence Saturday night , when it takes its No. 5 ranking in the Bowl Championship Series standings on the road to No. 8 Oklahoma . Not surprisingly , Oklahoma head coach Bob Stoops is calling this the biggest game for his team in 12 years -- maybe ever -- because it 's Notre Dame . It will be televised nationally on ABC , and the ratings will be huge , partly because of the game 's magnitude , but mostly because of the staggering number of Notre Dame haters and lovers . I 'll show you how this works , and I 'll start with a confession : I was born and raised a few punts from the Notre Dame campus . Not only that , I was at the Irish 's home game last week against Brigham Young during their attempt on a heavily overcast afternoon to remain undefeated this late in a season for the first time since 2002 . They trailed BYU by four points deep into the third quarter , but then something happened -- first away from the playing field and then on it . The sun burst through the clouds , and as I looked to my left inside the Notre Dame Stadium press box toward the nearby Hesburgh Library , I saw the brightest of sunlight touching the face of Jesus on the mosaic that is as high as half a football field . They call the mosaic Touchdown Jesus around here . Needless to say , Notre Dame 's offense promptly roared to the end zone after that to take a lead the Irish would never relinquish . Then , after the Notre Dame Marching Band finished its eternal playing of the Victory March at the end , the Irish players gathered before the student section for one of Notre Dame 's slew of traditions . The others ? The pep rallies on the Friday night before every home game , with a crowd as high as 20,000 at times . The public luncheon  average attendance of 1,500  that happens on the Friday afternoon before every home game . The lighting of candles on campus at The Grotto for miracles ranging from game-winning field goals to huge interceptions . The Midnight Drummer Circle , featuring those from the Notre Dame Marching band spending 45 minutes in front of the Golden Dome leading cadences and cheers . But back to the BYU game , when Notre Dame players continued a post-game home tradition that happens whether they win or lose . After they reached the front of the student section , they joined those who remained from the sellout crowd of more than 80,000 to sing Notre Dame 's alma mater called "  Notre Dame , Our Mother . " Tears were everywhere . You may roll your eyes now . I have n't even mentioned that the whole Notre Dame Nation these days is inspired by Manti Te'o , the Irish 's senior linebacker from Hawaii with a story built for Hollywood -- you know , like the one about George Gipp , otherwise known as The Gipper . Gipp was the Notre Dame running back who played for legendary Notre Dame coach Knute Rockne from 1917 to 1920 before his death from a throat infection . Notre Dame 's dynamic coach and player duo inspired the phrase "  Win one for the Gipper , " and they were immortalized in the 1940 's movie "  Knute Rockne , All American . " Somebody named Ronald Reagan played The Gipper . To hear political pundits tell it , that role contributed to his earning the right to spend two terms in the Oval Office . You may roll your eyes again . Either that , or you can wait to hear more about Te'o , the undisputed leader of Notre Dame 's bone-crunching defense . Before Notre Dame went to then-10th-ranked Michigan State in September , Te'o 's grandmother and girlfriend died in Hawaii within six hours of each other . He played anyway . Along the way to a 20-3 victory , he had 12 tackles , broke up two passes and intercepted the first pass of his four-year Notre Dame career . After the interception , Te'o pointed to the sky , with emotion -- the kind he sends through the rest of his teammates . "  There are a lot of leaders that think a quality of a leader is just to talk , " Te'o told me after the BYU game . "  I think the strongest leaders are those who not only verbally communicate but communicate by action . " Exhibit A : With much help from Te'o , the Irish rank second in the nation by allowing opponents just an average of nine points per game . They also possess the only defense at the NCAA 's highest level of football that has n't allowed a rushing touchdown . Te'o leads the team in tackles , ranks second in the nation in forcing turnovers  four interceptions , two fumble recoveries  and is among the handful of legitimate candidates for the Heisman Trophy , which is college football 's top individual award . He would join Michigan 's Charles Woodson  1997  as the only person to win the Heisman Trophy as primarily a defensive player . He also would help Notre Dame break its tie with the University of Southern California for the school with the most Heisman Trophy winners  7  .  Seven trophies also have gone to Ohio State , but two went to the same player . In addition , when it comes to The Associated Press and The USA Today/ESPN  formerly the United Press International  polls , Notre Dame has more consensus national championships than anybody  11  . Nobody has more consensus All-Americans than Notre Dame 's 80 , and the Irish lead everybody in first-round NFL draft picks with 63 and in overall No. 1 NFL draft picks with five . Still , the haters would mention Notre Dame has n't won a national championship since 1988 . In contrast , the lovers would mention Te'o is n't alone as an Irish star these days . Notre Dame has other splendid players , such as future NFL tight end Tyler Eifert , athletically gifted quarterback Everett Golson and the speedy 6-6 and 303 pounds of Stephon Tuitt at defensive end . With Kelly 's expertise and the Gipper 's guidance , they are on the verge of turning Notre Dame 's glory days of the past into those of the present and the future . You may roll your eyes some more .	Notre Dame has n't won a national championship since 1988 However , pep rallies Friday nights before home games host crowds of 20,000 Coach/player duo Knute Rockne and George Gipp were immortalized in the 1940 film Today fans are inspired by Manti Te'o , who played the day his girlfriend and grandmother died
"  Look at that one -- look at how his nose is up in the air . " The big Boeing jetliner looked a bit odd to aircraft buff Fred Hayes as it neared the runway at San Francisco International Airport on Saturday . It seemed to be low , and its nose was tilted sharply upward . Then a banging sound echoed across the water , and the jet flipped nose-down and skidded in an orange-and-gray cloud . Hayes captured the scene on video while on a walk with his wife along San Francisco Bay , about a mile away . "  Oh , my God , " Hayes said as Asiana Airlines Flight 214 tore into the tarmac and skidded across the ground . "  Oh my God . Oh , my God . Oh , Lord have mercy . " The crash-landing left two dead and hurt 182 people , six of whom were in critical condition Sunday . But 123 others walked away unhurt . Hayes and his family were on a weekend visit to San Francisco , where he had a job interview on Friday . He said he had been focusing on a taxiing United Airlines jet when the Asiana flight caught his eye . "  When I caught the plane coming into view , everything looked fine at first until I kind of fixed my gaze on him , and I seen his nose up in the air , " Hayes said . "  And then I just totally locked on him . I thought he was going to take off and go up , and then he just kept going down . " The Boeing 777 appeared "  maybe a little lower than some of the other planes " as it approached , "  but I could n't say that for sure , " he told CNN 's Don Lemon . Witnesses , survivors recount crash "  My initial thought was that with the nose pitched up in the degree that it was that the pilot was maybe trying to divert the landing , " said Hayes , who has no background in aviation . "  As you can see in the video , it was pretty low at that point and that may or may not have been the case . " Investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board told a similar story Sunday afternoon . Asiana 214 appeared to be too low and too slow as it neared the runway , and the cockpit voice recorder indicates the crew tried to abort the landing less than two seconds before the crash , NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman told reporters . Aviation expert Jim Tilmon called the video "  remarkable footage " that will likely be analyzed by investigators "  over and over again . " Once the jet hit the ground , it skidded nose-down and sideways , spinning counterclockwise and catching fire . Tilmon , a former jetliner pilot himself , told CNN the pilot showed "  a fair amount of skill " in keeping the jet from flipping over . "  If that had happened -- my goodness , this would be a completely different kind of report to make today , " he said . "  Because there would sure have been a great deal more injuries as a result . " Hayes said a "  thunder-like " sound rang across the bay when the more than 200-foot-long jetliner slammed into the ground . "  Every time a section hit , you could hear that boom and that sound , " he said . After three or four "  really big booms , " he said , "  It just kind of slid and came to a stop . " He and his wife watched as the emergency slides deployed and passengers began to slide down them away from the wrecked jet . He said he hoped crash investigators could learn from the video he shot . "  The only thing we can say is we 're just really happy that a lot of people survived , because it was n't looking good for them folks on that plane for sure , " Hayes said . Chinese netizens mourn Asiana crash victims	"  He just kept going down , " witness says Fred Hayes captured the crash of Asiana Flight 214 on video "  Look at how his nose is up in the air , " he noted before the crash An aviation expert calls the video "  remarkable footage "
WASHINGTON  Reuters  -- The Democratic-led Congress yielded to President Bush on Saturday and approved legislation to temporarily expand government 's power to conduct electronic surveillance without a court order in tracking foreign suspects . President Bush demanded Congress expand his surveillance authority before leaving for vacation . Civil liberties groups charged the measure would create a broad net that would sweep up law-abiding U.S. citizens . But the House of Representatives gave its concurrence to the bill , 227-183 , a day after it won Senate approval , 60-28 . The action came amid warnings of possible attacks on the United States . "  After months of prodding by House Republicans , Congress has finally closed the terrorist loophole in our surveillance law -- and America will be the safer for it , " declared House Minority Leader John Boehner , an Ohio Republican . "  We think it is not the bill that ought to pass , " said House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer . But he conceded he and fellow Democrats were unable to stop the measure in this national security showdown with the White House . "  Protecting America is our most solemn obligation , " Bush said earlier in the day in urging Congress to send him the bill so he could sign it into law . Watch Kelli Arena 's report on what some call an intelligence gap " The measure would authorize the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Secret court ruling prompted push for updating the program President Bush had urged the House to pass the bill without delay Measure expands government 's power to eavesdrop on foreign suspects
CNN  For four years , William Bruce James II called the University of Oklahoma 's Sigma Alpha Epsilon his home . He walked its halls , bunked in its rooms , held office as one of its leaders , considered his fraternity brothers his dearest friends . He was proud to be SAE . Now that pride is tainted . A video shot this Saturday of party-bound shows SAE members clapping , pumping their fists and chanting in unison : "  There will never be a ni **** SAE , " they sing . "  You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . " These young men are talking about him , James said . That 's because not only is he an SAE alumni , he is also African-American . How do you make sense of the fact that those behind these hateful words wore the same pledge pins , occupied the same house , preached "  the same motto that I hold dear to my heart " as James did ? "  I could n't look at myself , " he said , "  still claiming to be that . " Since the video surfaced Sunday , students have been expelled and SAE 's Oklahoma chapter has shut down . The episode has left James disgusted , horrified that members of a fraternity that once welcomed him could espouse such hatred . Students expelled over racist chant "  I do n't know what happened to the culture of my home , " he told CNN on Tuesday . "  That is not my home . That is not SAE . They are not my brothers . " While the Oklahoma frat has never had a lot of black members , that did n't matter to James when he joined in 2001 . SAE was where he forged lifelong friendships , where he and others grew into men . "  We were becoming something while I was there , " he said . "  Something that I do n't think these kids grasped . ... I do n't think they know what it means to be a brother of any fraternity , let alone mine . " James does n't believe the racist chant was an isolated incident , not given how many on the bus seemingly sang it so easily and enthusiastically . Nor does he think that only those leading the chant deserve punishment . Just as easily as one person could have started it , someone else could have called for it to stop . That 's what James thinks that his own fraternity brothers would 've done , whether he was around or not . They understood the importance of stepping up to say : "  This is n't right , this is n't what I stand for , this is n't gentlemanly , this is n't even human , " he said . "  That 's what being an SAE is . " "  My pledge class ... would n't let that happen , " he said . "  And I do n't know what 's happened to  the Oklahoma SAE chapter  since then . " Many members of that pledge class , as well others who he knew from SAE , have reached out to James in recent days by text , phone , email and Facebook . He knows he is not alone , including in his support for disbanding Oklahoma 's SAE chapter . "  That entire house has accepted the culture that accepts that song , those words , that imagery , " James said . "  So the whole house has to be punished . " His former frat brothers are different from him , of course . Their skin color would n't have stopped them from getting into SAE if the twisted chant reflected reality . Still , James feels their pain is real and sincere . Those on this weekend 's video may not be his brothers , but those he knew from 2001 to 2005 still are . "  I do n't think that they can fully encompass the pain and betrayal that I feel , " James said of his white friends from the fraternity . "  But by holding me so close in their life , they know that their brother was hurt . " "  So it 's a thing they 're feeling in their family . I 'm family to them . "	William Bruce James II was in Oklahoma 's Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter from 2001 to 2005 He 's disgusted by the racist chant tied to the frat ; "  the whole house needs to be punished " While those involved are "  not my brothers , " James calls his former frat brothers "  family "
She may be a disembodied robot , but Siri -- unmasked Friday by CNN -- has a sense of humor . Since the introduction of the iPhone 's personal "  assistant " on October 4 , 2011 , people have used it as much to provoke witticisms as they have to find out the population of Japan or the location of the nearest Japanese restaurant . In other words , Siri may not always be all that helpful . But she 's been an amusing party trick . Some of the most common inquiries are based on classic science-fiction movie lines -- "  2001 : A Space Odyssey 's " "  HAL , open the pod bay doors " is a favorite -- while others rely on ancient philosophical queries . The Web being what it is , an entire cottage industry has sprung up around Siri 's responses . There 's a Tumblr called "  S ** t That Siri Says " and a collection of Siri posts called sirifunny.com . Siri does n't always understand , of course . Like E.T. or WOPR , she 's sometimes at a loss when the question has nuance . On the other hand , you may not want to dig too deeply . When asked if she 's affiliated with Skynet -- the people-killing , world-dominating network at the heart of the "  Terminator " movies -- Siri suddenly clams up . "  I ca n't answer that , " she says . Watch out , world .	iPhone 's Siri will respond to many questions , sometimes with humor Unusual Siri answers are collected on a number of websites Sometimes Siri is n't so forthcoming , however
CNN  -- What more could a horse enthusiast ask for than a beautiful ride along the sea shore ? One of the world 's toughest horse races took place on Thursday at the Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games -- the venue for the event known as an ` equine marathon . ' Held over a distance of 160 kilometers with just 10 % of the course made up of road , riders race along beaches and countryside in a bid to win one of the most prestigious titles at the Games . The Normandy shore played host to the race as crowds flocked to watch the riders . Four years ago , Maria Mercedes Alvarez Ponton needed just over seven and a half hours to complete the course on her horse , Nobby . This time around , Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohamed Al Maktoum of the United Arab Emirates won gold on his mare Yamamah in a time of 8:08:28 . The race , which started in the town of Sartilly , Manche , looped around a UNESCO World Heritage site with the Bay of Mont Saint Michel providing a stunning backdrop for the event . While the scenery was something to behold , the weather was not , as rain hampered the riders throughout . In the team race , Spain retained the title it won four years ago in convincing fashion . Its three riders finished in a combined time of 28:56:02 .	The Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games are taking place in France Games are held every four years and last two weeks Endurance race over beaches and countryside is 160km in distance UAE won gold in individual event , Spain won team title
CNN  A quick descent . No distress call . The pilot 's actions . It will be months , or longer , before the causes behind Tuesday 's crash of Germanwings Flight 4U 9525 are known , but there are initial clues that aviation experts say will be the most important to investigators . Speculation comes in the wake of any tragedy such as this , but experts say certain facts can be significant for those who want to know what happened . The most useful clues so far : One of the plane 's "  black boxes " has been recovered , the French interior minister said . The data recorder will be the most useful in determining the cause of the crash . Its contents are still unknown , but it is a good sign that it was found just hours after the crash . France 's aviation accident investigation bureau will examine the device immediately , the interior minister said . Real-time flight data available to the public tells a key part of the story . According to online flight trackers , the Germanwings plane had been flying at 38,000 feet when , about 30 minutes into the trip , it started descending . Six minutes later , it was recorded at 24,000 feet -- a drop of 14,000 feet . It continued to descend after that -- it 's last recorded altitude was 11,400 feet . The rate of descent indicates that the pilot was still controlling the plane to some extent , CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said . If the engines had stalled , the plane would have crashed in less time , she said . Departure : Barcelona , Spain , at 10:01 a.m.  26 minutes late Destination : Scheduled to land in Dusseldorf , Germany , at 11:39 a.m. Passengers : 150  144 passengers , six crew members Airplane : Airbus A320  twin-jet Airline : Germanwings  budget airline owned by Lufthansa Flight distance : 726 miles Last known tracking data : 10:38 a.m. . Last known speed : 480 mph Last known altitude : 11,400 feet Last known location : Near Digne-les-Bains , France , in the Alps Sources : CNN and flightaware.com The initial data about the plane 's descent means that the pilot could have been trying to make an emergency landing , or that the plane was gliding with the pilot 's guidance , Schiavo said . A scenario where the plane was gliding is potentially more dangerous because wide fields for landing would be hard to come by in the mountains , she said . Another aviation analyst , David Soucie , said the quickness of the descent shows something went wrong , but also that the plane was not out of control . The plane was descending "  faster than an elevator at that point . You 're feeling it down . It 's pulling you down , and you can sense that , " Soucie said . A telling piece of data is that the plane maintained speed as it descended , he said . It could show that the pilot was aware that something was wrong and was controlling the speed as the plane went down . "  It was a controlled descent , and there was something that had gone wrong that he had no control over or he would have controlled it , " Soucie said . The data on air traffic accidents are clear : A majority of accidents happen upon takeoff or landing . According to the Federal Aviation Administration , even though 83 % of a plane 's flight time is taken up with the climb , cruise and descent phases , less than 16 % of accidents happen during this period . Soucie described the timing of the crash as an "  anomalous thing that happened . " It is "  incredibly rare to happen in the middle of the flight , " he said , meaning the pilot would have to act fast . Contrary to some early reports , the French Civil Aviation Authority told CNN that the crew of the Germanwings plane did not issue a distress call . It was air traffic controllers who sent out a distress call after radio contact with the plane was lost . The lack of an emergency call can raise a red flag to a nonpilot . Why would a pilot not alert someone that there is an emergency ? Does it hint to an incursion in the cockpit or a pilot 's motives ? It might sound counterintuitive , but calling for help is not the first thing on a pilot 's checklist when things go wrong . Soucie said the principle that a pilot follows during an emergency is this : Aviate , navigate and communicate . In other words , before turning on a distress call or transponder , the pilot 's first concern is to fly the plane , and secondly , to find the safest option for a crash landing , if it comes to that . The Germanwings pilot "  was definitely aviating and navigating from what we can tell , " Soucie said . The pilot was conceivably looking for a place to try to land , he said . A distress call -- had it happened -- could have signaled a different story . Schiavo explained that there are codes that pilots have -- certain words that if uttered by the pilot indicate to air traffic controllers that there is a hijacking . The initial reports are that there was no hijack code transmitted from the plane . A big part of determining the cause of the crash will be whether such a code was sent or not . "  I do n't think you 'd rule anything out at this point , " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  It 's not like it appears as if it was an in-flight breakup . So what was going on in the cockpit is what we 're going to be talking about in the coming days . " O'Brien pointed out the known details of the crash -- a rapid descent , no radio call and a flight that continues into the mountains -- are not part of a "  typical emergency scenario . " There were no reported weather issues during the plane 's flight , but that does not mean you can rule these out as a possible cause , pilot and CNN aviation analyst Les Abend said . One thing Abend was looking at was a cold front progressing in the area where the plane was . It indicated some precipitation at lower altitudes . So there may not have been bad weather at the cruising altitude , but "  at lower altitudes , as they were beginning the descent , their visibility may have been obscured , " Abend said . Reduced visibility in and of itself is not a huge issue , but the weather may have deteriorated as the plane descended and be a possible factor in the crash , he said .	CNN aviation analyst says this is not a typical emergency incident , but all possibilities are part of probe The cause behind the crash of the Germanwings plane is unknown There are early clues , however , that will be key to investigators
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama met Wednesday with Haitian President Rene Preval to discuss relief , recovery and reconstruction efforts in Haiti . The two leaders pledged to continue working for a more coordinated , sustained global relief effort to help Haiti recover from a massive 7.0-magnitude earthquake that struck January 12 . Much of Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince , was destroyed , and more than 217,000 people were killed , according to the latest figures from international relief organizations . The situation on the ground in Haiti "  remains dire , " Obama said at the White House . A continuing desperate need for food , medicine and shelter will be exacerbated by the onset of Haiti 's spring rain season , he said . "  You will continue to have a steady and reliable partner in the United States of America , " Obama promised Preval . Preval extended his thanks "  not only for the material aid " from the United States , but also for America 's "  psychological response , " which made Haitians realize "  we were not alone . " Washington has already provided $ 700 million in aid to Haiti . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday a donors conference is planned in New York for the end of March . More than half of all United States households have made private contributions to Haitian relief , Clinton said . Preval said Tuesday his country is working to get its election timetable rescheduled , telling reporters after meeting with Clinton that political stability is "  fundamental " for the development of a country . "  I think that is what constitutes a guarantee for investors , for the population -- that there 's some guarantees , that there 's some security about their future , " he said . Parliamentary elections set for February were postponed , and it is unclear whether a presidential election scheduled for the fall can proceed . Clinton said she assured Preval "  that the United States would work with the international community to hold elections as soon as appropriate . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	Obama met Wednesday with Haitian President Rene Preval The two discussed relief , recovery and reconstruction efforts in Haiti Haiti had a massive 7.0-magnitude earthquake that struck January 12 U.S. will continue to be "  a steady and reliable partner , " Obama told Preval
San Diego  CNN  -- The latest person to accuse San Diego Mayor Bob Filner of sexual harassment is a great-grandmother . Peggy Shannon , 67 , who works at the Senior Citizens Service Desk in San Diego City Hall , allegedly faced "  continuous inappropriate sexual advances by the mayor while trying to do her job , " according to the office of her attorney , Gloria Allred . Shannon said the mayor kissed her and once asked "  me if I thought he could go eight hours in one night . " "  Every day that I went to work , I had butterflies in my stomach because I did not know what was going to happen the next time the mayor came by my desk , " Shannon told reporters Thursday . "  I have three sons , four grandsons and two great grandsons . As our mayor , you should be -- but are not -- a role model for any of them , " she said . Later , Shannon spoke to CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live , " and called for the mayor 's resignation . "  I can forgive anybody but he needs to step down , " she said . "  People are surprised that as a great-grandmother that this happened to me -- so it could happen to anybody else . " Shannon is the 16th woman to come forward with such allegations , according to CNN affiliate KFMB . Filner 's office has not responded to multiple CNN requests for comment on the allegations . As the list grows , city officials said Thursday that Filner might be booted from office later this month over a different , but related issue : money . Hooters blackballs San Diego mayor ` Inappropriate movement on my body ' A local attorney became the 15th accuser against Filner , speaking to KFMB this week . Kathryn Vaughn told the station that after her husband walked away at a public event 10 years ago , Filner "  made an inappropriate movement on my body . " Filner , 70 , was elected mayor of the eighth-largest American city in 2012 , after 10 terms in Congress . His accusers range from a singer at a campaign fundraiser to his former communications director , who called him unfit for office . He has rebuffed calls to resign from all nine City Council members and from fellow Democrats , including California 's two U.S. senators . He now faces a recall effort that is trying to gather more than 100,000 signatures needed to put his future up to a new vote , though some political observers doubt organizers can succeed . In July , Filner acknowledged that he "  failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me " and that he was "  embarrassed " by his actions . But he also said he would be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and he would not resign . Out of rehab , but locked out of office Mayor could be booted over money Now , investigators are also looking into possible financial impropriety -- including questionable charges at the Westgate Hotel , where Filner allegedly took women . The San Diego 's City Attorney 's Office told CNN Thursday that it had found the charges were inappropriate . Filner 's attorney and the mayor 's office did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment Thursday . The city attorney 's office said a rarely used section of the city charter , Section 108 , dating back to 1931 , would allow for Filner to be removed from office -- without a recall -- over unauthorized payments from the city treasury . The city council plans to vote August 28 on whether to invoke that section . If it does , it would then ask a court to boot Filner from office . Did Mayor Filner target victims of military sexual assault ? Kevin Faulconer , a Republican who sits on the council 's audit committee , raised questions about other charges as well . He alleged that Filner charged hundreds of dollars in personal expenses and threatened the city 's credit by failing to pay the bill . The mayor 's city credit card was stopped in July , Faulconer 's office said . "  Mayor Filner 's continued abuse of power knows no bounds , " the councilman said in a statement . "  Based on this new evidence , I am broadening the scope of my Audit Committee hearing to investigate how Mayor Filner was able to circumvent credit card rules and how to prevent negative effects on the City 's credit rating as a result of one person 's misuse of taxpayer dollars . " CNN 's Kyung Lah and Linda Hall reported from San Diego ; CNN 's Josh Levs reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I can forgive anybody but he needs to step down , " Peggy Shannon says She works at the Senior Citizens Service Desk at City Hall 15 other women have previously come forward Filner has acknowledged failure "  to fully respect " some women , but says he 'll be vindicated
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal battled hard to overcome Roger Federer 's conqueror and give himself a chance of a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament title in Italy . The Spaniard dropped his first set on clay this season before defeating young Latvian outsider Ernests Gulbis 6-4 3-6 6-4 in Saturday 's semifinals in Rome . World No. 3 Nadal can move ahead of Federer and join American legend Andre Agassi in the all-time Masters list if he beats compatriot David Ferrer in Sunday 's final . Gulbis , who will rise six places in the world rankings to 34th next week , gave himself every chance of repeating his shock second-round win over No. 1 Federer as he blasted 50 winners to Nadal 's 18 , firing 13 aces to none . But the 21-year-old paid the price for making 56 unforced errors against the defending champion 's 23 . Nadal , who won three successive titles in Rome from 2005 , will seek to match the mark set by Agassi in 2004 . He has not lost to Ferrer since the 2007 season-ending Masters Cup , and has a 10-3 advantage in career meetings . Whoever wins , Spain is guaranteed an eighth victory in 10 years at the event , which was known as the Italian Open until 2002 . Ferrer earlier reached his first Masters final with a 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Fernando Verdasco , avenging his defeat to the sixth seed in last weekend 's semifinals in Barcelona . Verdasco was unable to repeat his fine showing from Friday 's energy-sapping three-hour victory over world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , last year 's runner-up , as he faded after taking a 5-1 lead in the opening set . The world No. 9 had won 12 of his past 13 matches on clay , losing to Nadal in the final in Monte Carlo last month . "  Until 5-1 things were going okay for me and also he was n't playing his best and made some mistakes , " Verdasco told the ATP Tour Web site . "  Later , perhaps he saw that I was tired , not from 5-1 but since I got up this morning . "  The match yesterday was long and very physical against Novak and I was feeling good mentally but my body was n't feeling the same as before , so I was slower and with less power . I was making mistakes and I was n't playing a good game . " Meanwhile , Belgian comeback queen Justine Henin will face Samantha Stosur in the final of the women 's Stuttgart Grand Prix on Sunday . Henin , the 2007 champion , is seeking her first title since ending her 18-month retirement in January . The former world No. 1 cruised to a 6-3 6-2 semifinal win over Israel 's Shahar Peer , who on Friday knocked out third-ranked Dinara Safina . She reached the 60th WTA Tour final of her career as she spoiled Peer 's 23rd birthday celebrations before fellow wildcard Stosur continued her fine run on clay with a 7-5 6-3 win over Russian qualifier Anna Lapushchenkova . The Australian is unbeaten in 11 matches on the surface after winning the Family Circle Cup in Charleston in the United States and then winning both rubbers on Fed Cup duty against Ukraine .	Rafael Nadal seeks to equal Andre Agassi 's record of 17 Masters 1000 tournament titles Spaniard faces compatriot David Ferrer in final of the Rome Masters on Sunday World No. 3 overcomes Roger Federer 's conqueror Ernests Gulbis 6-4 3-6 6-4 in semis Comeback queen Justine Henin plays Samantha Stosur in final of women 's event in Stuttgart
CNN  -- For about a week , the nation 's Catholic bishops enjoyed some measure of their bygone political clout . The bishops launched a vigorous grassroots campaign to protest a rule from the Obama administration 's health care mandate that would force many Catholic institutions to cover birth control through their employee health plans . Catholic churchgoers have seen such campaigns attempted before , with bishops issuing stinging denunciations that are repeated in church publications and in letters read to parishioners at every Mass. . But this time , to the surprise of many , the bishops ' effort seemed to work . President Barack Obama quickly modified the rule . He did n't satisfy the bishops -- but still , the clergymen had upset the political calculus that they no longer affect Catholic voters . The bishops were able to wield influence because their message against the contraception mandate was framed in a way that appealed to a broad spectrum of Catholics . For moderates and liberals , there were calls to freedom and conscience , rather than blunt declarations to heed ecclesial authority . For conservatives , there was the opportunity to circle the wagons against secularism . But if the bishops insist on coming across as shrill and partisan , as some are wont to do , they 'll wind up once again preaching to half the choir . Moderate and liberal Catholics wo n't stand behind the bishops if they perceive a partisan position . And it wo n't take much to trigger that reaction because certain bishops were transparently opposed to Obama during the 2008 election campaign , and many more of them later maligned the University of Notre Dame for granting the president an honorary degree . I noticed a letter to the editor in the diocesan newspaper in Brooklyn , where I live , that captures the unease I believe a good number of Catholics feel . The writer said she understood the church 's position on the birth-control mandate , but she practically pleaded with the editor , who had accused the Obama administration of pushing socialism , to take a less polarizing tone . If the bishops really want to gain back some of the clout they used to hold , they would do well to consider the community organizing tactics that their own parishes have adopted in many poor urban neighborhoods . It is an approach that relies heavily on building consensus . Guided by the writings of Saul Alinsky , coalitions of houses of worship have organized around specific issues , such as a plan to build low-cost housing . The community organizers ' first step was to secure the enthusiastic support of parishioners , demonstrated through massive rallies . Once pastors really do speak for their people , they are then in a position to demand that elected officials of whatever party support their agenda . Obama once was a community organizer for just such a church-funded coalition , working from a Catholic rectory on Chicago 's South Side . Like the Chicago politicians he encountered as a young man , Obama knows that a church 's grassroots campaign is only as effective as it is unified . I 'm not sure how many bishops know that . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Moses .	Catholic bishops forced president to compromise on health care mandate Paul Moses : The bishops ' campaign worked because their message had a broad appeal He says that if bishops become shrill and partisan , they will lose influence Moses : If bishops want to gain back clout , they should learn from community organizing
Three quickfire goals in extra time gave Real Madrid a 4-1 win over city rivals Atletico in Lisbon Saturday to win the European Champions League for the 10th time . Diego Godin put Atletico ahead in the 36th minute and it took an injury time equalizer from Sergio Ramos to rescue Real and force the extra half hour . Atletico held out until the second half of the added time until Gareth Bale headed Real ahead after superb work by Angel Di Maria . Marcelo and Cristiano Ronaldo , with a penalty , his record 17th goal in the Champions League this season , rubbed salt into the wound for Atletico , who had been bidding for a La Liga/Champions League double . Coach Diego Simeone , unhappy at the added minutes in regulation play , summed up their frustration as he ran on to the pitch to confront Real 's Raphael Varane after the final goal and had to be restrained by stewards . It was a sorry end to a magnificent season for Los Rojiblancos , but ultimately the quality of Real , epitomized by the world 's most expensive player Bale , which prevailed . It was the Welshman 's 22nd goal of the season and sixth in the Champions League but surely the most important of his career . "  This is what every footballer dreams of and it does n't come any bigger than that , " the Welshman told Sky Sports after his side 's triumph . For Real Madrid 's Carlo Ancelotti it was his third Champions League triumph as a coach , equaling the record of Liverpool 's Bob Paisley . His counterpart Simeone had gambled on the fitness of his star striker Diego Costa , who has been hampered by a hamstring injury , but it backfired when the Spanish international limped off after nine minutes . He was replaced by Adrian Lopez but Atletico initially took his departure in its stride , frustrating Real 's attacking menace in a scrappy first half . It came to life in a passage of play which first saw Bale poke an effort wide of the post after running through the Atletico defense . The Real fans in the Stadium of Light looked skywards in disbelief but they were soon in total despair after a mistake by Spanish international goalkeeper Iker Casillas . Real failed to clear a corner which was lifted back into the area and Uruguay 's Godin beat the onrushing Casillas to the ball to score with a flicked header . Casillas desperately scrambled back to make amends for his error of judgment but could not keep the ball out of the net . World Player of the Year Ronaldo had been kept quiet in the first half but was more prominent after the break , forcing Thibaut Courtois to make a fine save from a free kick then narrowly failing to connect with a header in front of goal . Bale also started to live up to his price tag , charging through from the right before scuffing his effort wide , while a combination with Ronaldo saw another chance to begging . But with time running out , Ramos connected perfectly with a Luka Modric corner to add to his two goals from the semifinal win over defending champions Bayern Munich and give his side a precious lifeline , of which it took full advantage . It was Real 's first Champions League title since 2002 and to the milestone of ` La Decima " -- extending its record number of wins in Europe 's premier club competition .	Real Madrid wins Champions League Real beats city rivals Atletico 4-1 in final in Lisbon Gareth Bale , Marcelo and Cristiano Ronaldo score in extra time for Real Atletico led through Diego Godin before Sergio Ramos equalized
Washington  CNN  -- There is no health risk from consuming milk with extremely low levels of radiation , like those found in Washington state and California , experts said Thursday , echoing the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . "  When we have a disaster like we 've had with a nuclear power plant in Japan , we 're probably going to find things that are truly not a public health risk , but I think it 's very difficult for the public to assimilate this information and understand the risks , " said Dr. Wally Curran , a radiation oncologist and head of Emory University 's Winship Cancer Center . The federal agency said Wednesday it was increasing its nationwide monitoring of radiation in milk , precipitation , drinking water , and other outlets . It already tracks radiation in those potential exposure routes through an existing network of stations across the country . Results from screening samples of milk taken in the past week in Spokane , Washington , and in San Luis Obispo County , California , detected radioactive iodine , or iodine-131 , at a level 5,000 times lower than the limit set by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , officials said . At that level , a person would have to drink 1,000 liters of milk to receive the same amount of radiation as a chest X-ray , said Dr. James Cox , radiation oncologist at Houston 's MD Anderson Cancer Center . The I-131 isotope has a very short half-life of about eight days , the EPA said , so the level detected in milk and milk products is expected to drop relatively quickly . "  The good news about iodine is , it has a short half-life , " said Curran . "  It does n't dwell in any biologic system , be it an adult , a child , a cow , for any significant period of time , and at those levels there 's no evidence that there 's any medical significance . " Radiation gets into the milk because it falls on grass eaten by cows . The milk does not itself absorb radiation . FDA senior scientist Patricia Hansen also said the findings are "  minuscule " compared to what people experience every day . Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire said tests confirmed the milk is safe to drink . "  This morning I spoke with the chief advisers for both the EPA and the FDA and they confirmed that these levels are minuscule and are far below levels of public health concern , including for infants and children , " Gregoire said in a statement . "  According to them , a pint of milk at these levels would expose an individual to less radiation than would a five-hour airplane flight . " Similarly , the California Department of Public Health reassured residents that the levels do not pose a threat . "  When radioactive material is spread through the atmosphere , it drops to the ground and gets in the environment . When cows consume grass , hay , feed , and water , radioactivity will be processed and become part of the milk we drink . However , the amounts are so small they pose no threat to public health , " the department said . At least 15 states have reported radioisotopes from Japan 's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in air or water or both . No states have recommended that residents take potassium iodide , a salt that protects the thyroid gland from radioactive iodine . Iodine-131 has been found in Eastern states from Florida to Massachusetts as well as in Western states like Oregon , Colorado , and California , according to sensors and officials in those states . None of the levels poses a risk to public health , they said . At high levels , the isotope focuses on and accumulates in a person 's thyroid gland , Curran said . A medical test for thyroid health involves a person ingesting iodine-131 and undergoing a nuclear scan to examine the gland . The Japanese plant has been leaking radiation since it was damaged in a tsunami that followed a massive earthquake March 11 . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Isotope wo n't remain in humans ' or animals ' digestive systems , expert says The Environmental Protection Agency is increasing monitoring nationwide A milk sample from Washington state and California shows "  minuscule amounts " of radiation Tests confirm the milk is safe to drink , officials say
CNN  -- A 17-year-old Connecticut high school student pleaded not guilty Wednesday in the slashing death of a classmate in a school stairwell in April , a court official said . Christopher Plaskon appeared in Milford Superior Court , where he waived his right to a probable cause hearing and elected to be tried by a three-judge panel rather than a 12-member jury , according to clerk Linda Kautzner . His attorney , Richard Meehan Jr. , told CNN that he is considering a mental health defense . Plaskon is suspected of slashing classmate Maren Sanchez , 16 , at Jonathan Law High School in Milford on April 25 . He was 16 at the time . A witness saw Plaskon on top of the victim and tried unsuccessfully to pull him away , according to a probable cause statement in the case . Another witness allegedly saw him discarding a bloody knife in a school corridor . The state medical examiner 's office concluded that Sanchez died from "  stab wounds to the trunk and neck " and ruled the death a homicide . Though the motive remains under investigation , police were looking into whether the boy was angry after Sanchez rejected him as a prom date . "  I did it , " Plaskon allegedly told a school police officer in the principal 's office moments after the crime , according to the probable cause statement . "  Just arrest me . " Plaskon was ordered held on $ 3 million bond in April . He was charged as an adult and faces 25 to 60 years in prison if convicted . His next court appearance is July 30 , Kautzner said .	Christopher Plaskon , 17 , was charged with murder as an adult in the slaying of a classmate Maren Sanchez , 16 , died after being stabbed in a school stairwell on April 25 Plaskon 's lawyer says his client is considering a possible mental health defense
CNN  -- President Obama 's foreign policy agenda may have "  run out of steam " and he must now take risks and provide effective leadership , former U.S. National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski said Friday . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Brzezinski said Obama 's foreign policy agenda is suffering from gridlock in Washington . "  I have the feeling that because of domestic problems , he has run out of steam , and I do n't know really how determined he is to resume what he started doing so well , which is to engage the world constructively , " Brzezinski said . Brzezinski , who is now at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , said the only way to break the stalemate is for Obama to take the lead . The president can show leadership , he said , by "  persuasively going to the country directly , mobilizing the support , taking on some difficult foreign challenge , and prevailing . " Brzezinski cited Iran as an example of key challenges Obama ought to tackle . Obama should not "  abandon it prematurely , " he said , noting the complexities of the internal Iranian situation could give the United States "  room for maneuver , and perhaps some basis for expecting an eventual partial accommodation . " Brzezinski also cited the Israeli-Palestinian conflict as a key challenge because it "  revolutionizes , radicalizes the Middle East , and maximizes the number of enemies the United States has . " Asked how he would grade the Obama administration 's performance on Iran and the Middle East , he said , "  Well , rhetorically , A ; in terms of performance , B , B-minus . " Despite the United States ' foreign policy problems , Brzezinski said , the nation has the resources to deal with new global security threats in cyberspace , outer space and on the high seas . Brzezinski also commented on the newly published 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review , a legislatively mandated review of the U.S. Department of Defense strategy and priorities . The review is meant "  to assess the threats and challenges that the nation faces , " and to "  rebalance the department 's strategies , capabilities and forces to address today 's conflicts and tomorrow 's threats , " according to the Department of Defense . Brzezinski warned even though the United States has highly sophisticated technology , it also has to be effective in global diplomacy , adding , "  We have neglected that in the course of the last decade . " "  I think we have to redefine the nature of the enemy , " Brzezinski said , "  the global security context in which we find ourselves is now fundamentally different . " Brzezinski , national security adviser during the Carter administration between 1977 and 1981 , noted how the new threats differ from those of the Cold War . "  When I was in the White House , the threat was concentrated and very lethal , " he said . "  You know , the Soviet Union , in case of a central war with the United States , could kill roughly 80 million Americans in six hours . " Today , Brzezinski said , the United States has "  a lot of threats , ranging from terrorists to rogue states to unpredictable events . And that makes the defense issue more complex , even though it is somewhat rather less lethal . " He cited the example of cyberattacks . "  Are these hackers , for example , from China working for the Chinese government or are they working for some private business ? What are their motives ? " He said it is vital for the United States to have the capability not only to stop hacking , but to retaliate as well .	President can stop stalemate by taking risks , showing leadership , Zbigniew Brzezinski says Brzezinski cites Iran , Israeli-Palestinian conflict as key challenges Obama should tackle On Iran , Middle East , Brzezinski gives administration "  rhetorically , A. . . performance , B , B-minus " Compared to Cold War era , U.S. faces broader range of threats , he says
