CNN  -- For Christians , the wild celebrations of Mardi Gras come before the solemnity of Lent , a last chance to celebrate before the abstinence marking the 40 days to Good Friday and Easter . Muslims do it the other way around . First comes the month of daytime fasting during Ramadan , then the eruption of joy called Eid al-Fitr , marked with gift-giving , new clothes , donations to the poor , feasting and festivities . But as the sighting of a crescent moon officially marked the beginning of Eid on Tuesday , feelings are decidedly mixed for many Muslims . There 's joy tempered with concern on Tahrir Square in Egypt , which saw a successful revolution topple President Hosni Mubarak this year . And there 's optimism in Libya , where 42 years of rule by Moammar Gadhafi seem to be coming to an end . But emotions are much more muted in Syria , where the government is clamping down to prevent the Arab Spring from spreading , and there is a sense of gloom in Pakistan , wracked by violence and natural disasters . Egypt Egyptians are putting a revolutionary twist on the traditional Eid greeting "  Eid Mubarak , " meaning "  a blessed Eid , " said engineering student Abdulrahman Khedr . "  People are saying to each other ` Eid Mubarak without Mubarak , ' " he said . Salma Hegab , an Egyptian student at the American University in Cairo , marked Eid in Tahrir Square , the symbolic center of the February revolution . "  It was awesome seeing the Egyptian revolutionaries again with the same determination and enthusiasm , " she said . But she noticed with some concern that the long-suppressed Islamist group , the Muslim Brotherhood -- which has emerged as a major force -- was absent from the square . She was struck by a puppet show Brotherhood supporters performed for children in one neighborhood . It was "  full of political implications , " she said . Traditionally , Eid prayers are a communal affair -- held in open fields to accommodate crowds too big to contain in mosques . But in the small village of Menofia , outside Cairo , the imam expressed concern the Muslim Brotherhood held its prayers separately , said Raghda Elkattan . The imam "  mentioned that Islam should not be represented by the various views that started to take a political role in society , " said the medical student at Cairo University . "  My father talked with the imam who said that he meant to give this kind of speech because he did n't like how the Islamic groups are so many and different . " Libya Tripoli residents rang in the end of Ramadan with celebratory gunfire . It was "  two times the celebration and two times the joy , " said medical student Khiria El-Feghi . "  I remember celebrating Eid for the last couple of years in Libya , " she said . "  People seemed to be happy that it was Eid , but I never saw this happiness deep in their eyes ; I felt like there was a sadness deep down . " But this year was different , she said . While Libyans mourned those who died battling the regime of Moammar Gadhafi , a sense of hope permeated throughout . "  When a nation wants something so badly , they will make sure that they get it ; even if means lots of death , " she said . "  Never underestimate the ability of a nation . " Syria Celebrations were in short supply in Syria where pro-reform demonstrators took to the streets after Eid prayers and were met by brute force , opposition activists said . Security forces violently broke up rallies in Daraa , Damascus and Homs , activists said . "  There will be no happiness while the martyrs ' blood is still warm , " said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an activist group . In Daraa , a focal point in the nationwide wave of anti-government rage , Abu Abdu 's three young children asked him , "  Where are our new Eid clothes and sweets ? " "  Just pray to God , " he replied . "  All we 're going to do is visit the cemetery -- that 's our Eid , " he said . Pakistan Many residents of Pakistan said they are finding little to cheer about this holiday . In Karachi , where ongoing rivalries between three political parties vying for power have left dozens dead , Faisal Kapadia said Eid this year is a "  hollow one . " "  Never have I felt the apathy and sadness I feel now at the death of so many of my brothers and sisters in this last month , " said Kapadia , a writer and entrepreneur in Pakistan 's largest city . Elsewhere in the country , rain-triggered flash floods have ruined crops and destroyed lives . "  I know for a fact that this city and nation are amongst the most resilient on earth , " Kapadia said . "  But even we can not just keep getting up from blow after blow of this magnitude . " Zubaida Khan , a teacher in the capital , Islamabad , was envious of the protests sweeping throughout the Middle East . "  We hate the rulers that have hijacked our country , " she said . "  We would love to have regime change in Pakistan , just like in Libya and Egypt . " But she was n't optimistic : "  I do n't think this Eid will bring about any positive change for Pakistan 's future . " However , the Arab Spring revolts have left many Muslims with a distinct optimism about the future . That 's a marked change from the decades when Arabs living under autocratic rulers would bitterly quote a verse by Iraqi-born poet Abu Tayeb Al-Mutanabbi asking if Eid will "  be the same and even more sorrow , or will you be the sign of a new day ? " For years , many Arabs assumed the answer was more sorrow . But this year , many are saying Arabs should be proud of what they have accomplished since the last Eid -- and they hold out hope for even more happiness by the next one . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Reza Sayah and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Tuesday marks the first Eid al-Fitr since the Arab Spring Egyptians put a revolutionary twist on the traditional Eid greeting , marking the toppling of Hosni Mubarak Many in Libya celebrate the festival as never before and hope the rest of the Arab world will follow suit Syrians and Pakistanis are much more pessimistic in the face of violence and disasters
CNN  -- The president of Ukraine 's top football club has warned six of its players who have gone AWOL they will "  suffer " if they do n't return to the conflict-torn country . Shakhtar Donetsk had played a friendly against Lyon on Saturday , but after the game five Brazilians and one Argentine remained in France rather than travel back to Ukraine . On Monday there was fighting in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk . "  I do n't rule out that these players will return to the team quickly , and some of them -- tomorrow , " Shakhtar president Rinat Akhmetov told the club 's official website . "  Players have contracts that they have to abide by . If they do not come , I think , they will be the first to suffer . Each of them has a minimum release clause , which is tens of millions of euros . "  If someone wants to reduce this amount by a million , then such a decision is our right . " Akhmetov also assured Brazilians Douglas Costa , Fred , Dentinho , Alex Teixiera , Ismaily and Facundo Ferreyra of Argentina they have "  nothing to fear " if and when they return to Ukraine . "  Hopefully , the mind and heart will prevail over misunderstanding , and the players will not follow temptation and fear , " said the Shakhtar president . "  We are ready to provide security . We will not take risks and in any case we wo n't bring players to dangerous places . " Shakhtar , which regularly features in Europe 's top competition the Champions League , play rivals Dynamo Kiev in the Ukrainian Super Cup Tuesday , a curtain raiser to the Ukraine domestic league season . "  Despite the fact that we will be weakened in the Super Cup match against Dynamo Kyiv , our players will do their best to make the game hard for our opponents , " added Akhmetov . The ongoing unrest in the region means Shakhtar , the reigning Ukrainian champion , is unable to play matches at its Donbass Arena stadium . The Ukrainian football season is due to start this weekend , with Shakhtar scheduled to host Metalurh Zaporizhya . It is unclear where the match will be played , although Akhmetov would like it to take place in Kharkiv , a city over 150 miles north of Donetsk . "  We want to play in Donetsk very much , but , unfortunately , at the moment we can not do it . "  The decision regarding the championship is taken by the Ukrainian Football Federation . Through our game , we will call for peace and try to bring joy to our fans . " Of the six AWOL players , playmaker Douglas Costa is arguably the most valuable . The 23-year-old has previously been linked with Manchester United , but Akhmetov ruled out a "  clearance sale . " Prior to the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash last weeks , European governing body UEFA 's Emergency Panel decided its European club competition matches involving Ukrainian clubs would be allowed to take place in Dnipropetrovsk and Odessa , in addition to Kiev and Lviv . Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk will play in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League while Chornomorets Odessa are in the Europa League . UEFA 's Emergency Panel also ruled Ukrainian and Russian teams can not be drawn against each other in its competitions . That ensured Dnipro were not drawn against Russian club Zenit St Petersburg when the UEFA Champions League third qualifying round draw was made last week .	Six Shakhtar Donetsk players refuse to return to Ukraine after playing against Lyon Five Brazilians and one Argentine remained in France Shakhtar is unable to play matches at its Donbass Arena stadium
CNN  -- Brazil 's World Cup has been a carnival of color -- but this was a monochrome affair in Fortaleza . A dour goalless draw against Mexico is unlikely to prevent the host nation from qualifying for the next stage but this game will soon be forgotten . Even with Neymar at the helm , the face of Brazil 's World Cup challenge , it rarely looked like finding a way past a determined and stubborn Mexican side . And when Brazil did managed to create a chance , it found Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa in irrepressible form . "  There was a chance here , a chance there , it was very tight , " Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari told reporters . "  It was n't a question of us evolving or not  from the last game  . We 've been playing this way for 20 games , we are up against good teams , we need to understand that . "  It was n't a good result , a victory would have qualified us . We need to respect other teams . " After the thrilling excitement of the last week 's 3-1 win over Croatia , those packed into the stadium in Fortaleza may have expected another action-packed affair . Instead , what transpired was a rather turgid affair as Brazil failed to find the fluency which eventually put Croatia to the sword in Sao Paulo . Mexico , winners in its opening game against Cameroon , showed little sign of being overawed by the occasion and came close to opening the scoring when Hector Herrera 's effort was tipped away by Julio Cesar . It was n't until midway through the first half that Brazil fashioned a real opportunity -- but when it came it needed a wonderful save by Ochoa to keep Mexico level . Dani Alves , sporting his freshly sprayed silver hairstyle , escaped down the right and his cross was headed towards goal by Neymar only for Ochoa to scramble across goal and tip the ball away . With the first half drawing to a close , Brazil once again carved open the Mexican defense . A free kick into the penalty area was chested down by Thiago Silva into the path of David Luiz but his effort was blocked by the onrushing Ochoa . Whatever coach Luiz Felipe Scolari said at the interval appeared to galvanize the host nation for a few minutes at least with substitute Bernard , on in place of Ramires , adding a new found impetus . It was Bernard who created the opening chance of the half , crossing for Neymar at the far post only for the ball to be taken off the forward 's toes by a Mexican defender . But any hopes that Brazil would begin to grow into the contest appeared unfounded . Instead , it was Mexico which looked the more threatening of the two teams with Oribe Peralta and Giovani Dos Santos both roaming menacingly towards the Brazilian goal . But while Neymar remained on the field , Brazil still possessed a man capable of producing magic . It was the 22-year-old who was denied by Ochoa once again , this time the Mexican blocking Neymar 's fierce drive from inside the penalty area . Brazil , having replaced the anonymous Fred with substitute Jo , began to crank up the pressure with Mexico visibly beginning to tire . Unbeaten in its previous 38 matches on home soil , Brazil rarely looked like losing but nor did it appear able to find that elusive goal . That frustration was increased with five minutes remaining when Thiago Silva 's powerful header was blocked on the line by Ochoa with the Brazilian captain looking certain to score . Marcelo , the left-back , then embarrassed himself by attempting to gain a late penalty with a dive which won him few admirers . Raul Jimenez went close at the other end , forcing Cesar into a smart save as both side 's failed to find a breakthrough . Brazil 's next game takes place on June 23rd against Cameroon while Mexico will take on Croatia .	Brazil held to goalless draw by Mexico Both teams have four points from two games Brazil finishes group stage against Cameroon on June 23 Cameroon faces Croatia Wednesday
CNN  -- The generation of gays and lesbians that literally created the modern LGBT movement -- from the heroes of the 1969 Stonewall riots to their slightly younger friends -- is at , or nearing , retirement age . That used to mean the beginning of an extremely difficult time in an LGBT person 's life . But as gay baby boomers find more acceptance in mainstream society and continue to do what they 've always done -- push to make a better world for the LGBT community -- their retirement options are slowly improving . That is , if they decide to retire at all . "  The notion of retirement has never been a part of my vocabulary , " said Bob Witeck , CEO and co-founder of Witeck Communications . Nearly 61 , Witeck has put some thought into what he should do with his strategic public relations and marketing firm as he gets older . Like many friends his age who are also entrepreneurs , he plans to keep working . "  Because I run a business , as I get older I can change the intensity of my engagement in the kinds of work I take on , " Witeck said . "  I know I 'm lucky that way , and I 'm lucky in my personal life as well . My husband is 50 , so I have a younger man to help me if I need it , " he said , laughing . For decades , according to published studies and reports , many LGBT seniors entered into a kind of dangerous isolation , because the majority did not have children or spouses to help care for them . Even if they did have the benefit of a partner to help as their health declined , they faced extra burdens their straight counterparts did not have . Without federal marriage equality , gay couples -- no matter how long they 've been together -- can not inherit each other 's Social Security benefits , even if they were legally married in the handful of states that allow it . They can be designated as the beneficiaries of each other 's retirement savings , but must pay inheritance taxes that straight widows and widowers do not . In order to make health care decisions on behalf of an incapacitated partner , gay couples must pay additional legal fees to be granted medical power of attorney . Historically , nothing could stop a hospital or nursing home from forbidding a gay person from visiting their partner , and openly gay people often faced discrimination from health care providers , according to the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force report , "  Outing Age 2010 . " Consequently , many LGBT seniors ended up going back into the closet as their declining health and mobility left them dependent on strangers for help , according to a study conducted by the National Senior Citizens Law Center , Lambda Legal and others . Or they were slow to ask for help -- even if they badly needed it . "  When you put that together -- the absence of adult children and a partner to help , and add barriers to accessing services , and limit the financial means others have -- then this very thin network of support breaks at exactly the wrong time , right when there is an increasing need for services , " said Michael Adams , executive director of the group Services & Advocacy for Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual & Transgender Elders , known as SAGE . Read more : Growing old openly gay Roll of the dice Witeck said his retirement plans and those of his friends are nothing like those of their fathers ' generation . "  My father was of the generation that thought you put in your time and then you just take off the rest , and many could afford to do it , " Witeck said . "  He had absolutely no plans and had a generous pension . " His father worked on Capitol Hill for a couple of decades , Witeck said , and was able to retire at 60 . He lived another 27 years . "  Over time he did get a little discouraged because he felt like he did n't have a purpose , but that 's what the people he knew did , " Witeck said . "  They just abruptly stopped working . I can tell you , that wo n't be me . " He has , however , seen some friends whose plans to continue working have been derailed by health problems . "  I do know , as we age , our health can fail , and I 've seen it with some friends who are n't as sharp as they once were . So I know it 's a roll of the dice on how long we can keep working , " he said . "  Hopefully I can stay healthy and wo n't need the help . " But often retirement-age people do need help , and that has not always been easy for the LGBT community . "  There is no question we are making a lot of progress in this area , and we 've absolutely been helped along by the emergence of boomers into retirement years , but by the very nature of the enormity of this work , true change will take years , " Adams said . His organization , SAGE , has been working to change the situation for older LGBT people since 1978 . Much has changed for the community since then , he said . "  Especially since the Obama administration took office , " Adams said . "  The federal approach to aging issues has improved . " While there still is n't federal recognition of marriage for gay couples , the federal Pension Protection Act of 2006 allowed a rollover option to nonspousal beneficiaries . That meant people could leave their pensions to anyone without a tax penalty . In the past , only married spouses were eligible for that benefit . In 2010 , Obama issued a memorandum requiring all hospitals receiving Medicare or Medicaid funds -- nearly every hospital in the United States -- to respect the right of all patients to choose who may visit them during a hospital stay , including a same-sex domestic partner . The president also directed the Department of Health and Human Services to help ensure that medical decision-making rights of LGBT patients are respected . This year the Administration on Aging -- the federal agency responsible for funding programs that help the elderly -- finally issued guidance saying agencies and programs it funds should recognize the LGBT population among those with "  the greatest social need . " That designation means that there should be more financial backing and programs to help elderly gay people . The Administration on Aging spends more than $ 2.3 billion annually on nutrition and social services for the aging , according to Adams , but the LGBT community only sees $ 2 million of that . Finally , Sen. Michael Bennet , D-Colorado , introduced the LGBT Elder Americans Act this year . If enacted , it would further boost support for the community . As it is written now , the Older Americans Act , which goes up for reauthorization every five years , does not specifically mention LGBT older adults . Among the LGBT Elder Americans Act 's proposals is an amendment that would permanently establish the National Resource Center on LGBT Aging , which would provide training to providers of services to the elderly around the country . It would also require long-term care ombudsmen to collect data relating to discrimination against LGBT older adults . Creating gay-friendly facilities On the local level , however , everything may not be as rosy . "  While the laws have become more accepting of marriage equality of the LGBT community and nondiscrimination policies in a broader sense are more inclusive , that does n't mean people who work with the elderly automatically become more accepting , " said Laurie Young , director of aging and economic security with the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force . "  There is often high turnover in nursing home staff and a lack of professionalism , " she said . "  Sometimes even the leadership will get it  being inclusive of LGBT people  , but it does n't get passed on to the people working with the LGBT community . " Several organizations , such as the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and SAGE , have made training the staffs of senior centers , nursing homes and assisted living facilities a priority . They want those workers to become more sensitive in their work with gay people , particularly because members of the baby boomer generation are more likely to be open about their sexuality than previous generations . "  LGBT people want to experience the services and programs that exist for all older people , " Adams said . "  So our work has shifted to try and bring along aging and health service organizations so they 're as accessible as possible to the LGBT community . " SAGE , the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and other groups also train ombudsmen to intervene if an LGBT person comes forward with a complaint . They encourage facilities to create more gay-friendly paperwork , so instead of requesting the name of a husband or wife , the forms include space for a spouse or partner . Even changing the decorations can help . "  These changes do n't have to cost a lot , " Young said . "  We 've talked about something as simple as having photos in the lobby of the senior center or nursing home that are more reflective of a broader population -- anything to signal that the space is more welcoming . " Even in the short time that SAGE has been conducting its training , it has seen a difference , Adams said . "  In the past few years we started to notice a real change in the reception of our calls , " he said . "  We used to reach out to these organizations and hear , ` Oh , we do n't have any gay people using our services , ' and occasionally we 'd have even hostile responses . Now our offers to help have been increasingly met with a desire on the part of these service providers to do a better job working with LGBT folks . " Witeck said he hopes he will never need those support services , but if he does , he 's confident his generation will continue to make them more accessible to the LGBT community . "  We , meaning baby boomers , are such a huge and active bunch , " Witeck said . "  I 've seen it so many times before : where we go , institutions change . I know with different generations in the past , there were serious isolation issues and institutions that refused to see us as full human beings . "  But when I think of the arc of change for true equality for LGBT people and how much has gotten better since my generation was in high school and college , it 's way beyond what I ever imagined was possible , " he added . "  And I imagine it will get that much better for all of us , so LGBT people wo n't have to live in fear when they do need the help . " How has LGBT life changed over the years ? Share your story with CNN iReport . You 're story could be featured in an upcoming CNN story .	LGBT baby boomers changed the visibility of the gay community As they approach retirement , they face different obstacles than their straight counterparts Without marriage equality , same-sex couples may face financial hardships Advocates say the situation is slowly improving
JEJU , South Korea  CNN  -- Word : Geese Father Fireworks mark the groundbreaking for the Jeju Global Education City in Jeju , South Korea , last week . Definition : A father who sends his wife and kids abroad to study English and only flies to see them during winter and summer vacations . Word : Eagle Father Definition : A geese father who is rich enough so he can swoop in to see his family any time he wants . Word : Penguin Father Definition : A geese father who is too poor to fly . He can only yearningly gaze into the direction of his family . With a big bang , the groundbreaking for an ambitious new project on the South Korean island of Jeju got under way last week , a project that hopes to make these "  geese " nouns obsolete . The central idea is relatively simple . More than US $ 1.3 billion will be poured into creating a city where elementary schools , middle and high schools , and ultimately universities , will be taught almost entirely in English . Top-notch schools outside of South Korea are jumping in , one of the first being Britain 's North London Collegiate School . And while the location will be in Jeju , organizers say the curriculum , except for Korean language and history , will all be taught in English and be identical to that being taught at the institute 's headquarters . More than 9,000 students are expected to participate . Officially , English is taught from the third grade here . But many Koreans believe in an early start . There are even popular Internet sites that offer recorded English language songs and stories for the fetus . There is also an overwhelming belief that the English taught in the public school system is not good enough . Even that the vast number of English private institutes are not up to par . That leaves many South Korean parents little choice but to send their children overseas . Official statistics say that as of 2007 , more than 27,000 South Korean high , middle and even elementary school students were studying abroad . A government survey done last year says nearly half of all South Korean parents wanted to send their children abroad . One such parent was National Assemblyman Song Young-Gil , who made one of the opening speeches at the groundbreaking ceremony for the Jeju Global Education City . Because he represented a neighborhood in Seoul , Song could not send his children overseas without seeming to abandon his voter base . "  I always felt guilty because my children were not getting the English education that other people were getting because of me . " He also saw how the geese father phenomenon was breaking up families , and creating social problems . There have been many media reports about divorces , and even suicides among the lonely fathers . So when the government of Jeju Island asked him to support their project , Song said he gladly said yes . Jeju officials say the tuition will be somewhere between US$ 3,100 to US$ 4,700 . About half the amount South Korean parents would be paying to send their children overseas . But Jeju is eying something bigger than just the Korean market . The future vision is targeting the entire northeast Asian population : Japanese and Chinese as well as South Korean children . "  Potentially there are 750 million people that live within a two-hour flight time radius of Jeju , " says Christopher Bogden , the project manager for the Jeju Global Education City . Jeju is already a popular destination for Japanese and Chinese tourists . The tropical climate and natural beauty of the island is a major draw . And the island has recently attracted foreign investors who are seeking to cultivate the island 's assets . But the project also has some worried . The lucrative English language market in Korea has already resulted in a total of 21 "  English villages " across the country . And more are popping up . Next month , an English village capable of schooling some 5,000 children will open in the southern city of Keoje . The concern is that the Jeju project will become just "  one of the many . " And that it will be difficult for the provincial government to recoup their investment , especially in this slow global economy . But the Jeju officials are confident that the project will distinguish itself because it encompasses not just schools , but residential and commercial facilities , all using English language to enhance the immersion experience . The first stage -- comprising one each of an elementary , middle and high school -- will be ready to accept students from 2011 , and the entire complex is scheduled to be complete in 2015 . Organizers say that will be more than enough time for the global economy to recover and the demand for quality English education in Asia to flourish . That 's good news for all geese fathers in South Korea .	More than $ 1.3 billion will be spent into creating city where English will be taught Curriculum , except for Korean language and history , will be taught in English Many South Korean parents send children overseas to learn English
New York  CNN  -- The final bid for a trading card that the National Baseball Hall of Fame calls "  the Holy Grail " topped $ 2.1 million -- the highest price ever paid for a baseball card in a public auction . The 1909 card of Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop Honus Wagner -- one of only about 50 in existence -- was auctioned off by Goldin Auctions in West Berlin , New Jersey . Bidding started at $ 500,000 on February 25 . The buyer chose to remain anonymous after the successful bid , but Ken Goldin , owner of Goldin Auctions , told CNN he is "  best described as a wealthy individual investor and a baseball fan . " Goldin said the buyer did not indicate what they planned to do with the card . A total of 15 bids were made for the prized item . The card is in short supply because Wagner made the American Tobacco Company recall it when he discovered it had made the card without his permission . He did n't want kids to buy cigarettes , the auction house said . The card was released as Wagner was on his way to winning his seventh batting title and about to lead the Pirates to their first World Series win . It 's garnered such a place in baseball history that it has its own plaque at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , New York . The winning bid came in at $ 2,105,770.50 , including the buyer 's premium , according to a statement from Goldin Auctions on Saturday . CNN Money 's Emily Jane Fox contributed to this report .	1909 card of Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop Honus Wagner is one of only about 50 in existence The buyer remains anonymous but is called "  a wealthy individual investor and a baseball fan " There were 15 bids made for the prized item The card is rare because Wagner made the American Tobacco Company recall it
Events company Secret Cinema has said it will hold a simultaneous screening of an as-yet unannounced film in London , Rome and San Francisco on Sunday to "  protest against censorship . " Secret Cinema has not specified what has prompted its move . But its announcement follows the decision by Sony Pictures this week to cancel the release of its movie "  The Interview " after a cyberattack and threats against moviegoers from a group of North Korea-backed hackers . Critics have slammed that decision as caving to hackers and muzzling free speech . Washington outraged over Sony decision The Secret Cinema screening is being held in partnership with the global free speech campaign group Article 19 . "  Secret Cinema passionately believes in the freedom to create and is looking for partners to join them in hosting a screening that will happen simultaneously across the globe , " a Facebook page created for the event says . "  The film , for the moment is secret . "  Please come dressed in a dark suit , and bring a small gift for a stranger . " Any proceeds raised from the London event -- to be held at an as-yet undisclosed location in the capital 's east -- will go to Article 19 , Secret Cinema said . Tickets go on sale Friday . The company urged anyone else around the world who wants also to hold a screening to get in touch . Balloon activists vow to send copies of ` The Interview ' "  The Interview , " which stars Seth Rogen and James Franco , is a comedy with a plot that involves a plan to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . U.S. officials say they think the attack on Sony was ordered by North Korea 's angry leadership . North Korea 's government has denied responsibility for the crippling hack , even as its state news agency applauded it as a "  righteous deed . " North Korea deep into cyberwarfare , defector says Three U.S. movie theaters -- the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Dallas-Fort Worth , the Plaza Atlanta Theatre and Cleveland 's Capitol Theatre -- planned to screen "  Team America : World Police " instead of "  The Interview . " But Paramount Pictures canceled that , too , the theaters said . A spokeswoman for Paramount declined to comment . Released a decade ago , "  Team America : World Police " used puppets to lampoon Kim 's father , Kim Jong Il , memorably featuring him singing about his loneliness at the top of the despotic state .	Secret Cinema announces a simultaneous screening in London , San Francisco , Rome The screening is being held "  to "  protest against censorship , " Secret Cinema says Sony canceled plans to release "  The Interview " next week after a cyberattack , threats Secret Cinema has not yet disclosed what film will be shown
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri is calling on Muslims to kidnap Westerners , citing the success in the abduction of American aid worker Warren Weinstein in Pakistan . In a two-part , more than two-hour video posted on jihadist websites , al-Zawahiri called for the abductions as part of a vow not to "  spare any efforts " to free Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman , the mastermind behind the 1993 World Trade Center bombing . "  God the great and almighty granted us success to capture the Jewish American Warren Weinstein , " al-Zawahiri said in the video posted Wednesday , according to the terror monitoring group SITE Intelligence . "  We are seeking , by the help of God , to capture others and to incite Muslims to capture the citizens of the countries that are fighting Muslims in order to release our captives . " Also in the video , al-Zawahiri called for Sharia law to be instituted in Egypt , and he questioned Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy for his stances on a number of issues , including Israel . "  I call on every free and honorable  person  in Egypt to participate in every protest against the Israeli Embassy , against the peace treaty with Israel , against the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land , and against every siege of Gaza , " al-Zawahiri said . "  Islamic movements and masses must be at the forefront of those protests and the first to sacrifice for their sake . " The video is the latest in a series released by al-Zawahiri , who was al Qaeda 's No. 2 leader under Osama bin Laden . He took over leadership in June 2011 following bin Laden 's death , according to statements posted on jihadist websites . In the latest video , al-Zawahiri apologized to Abdel-Rahman , dubbed "  the blind sheikh , " for his imprisonment . The Egyptian-born Abdel-Rahman was convicted in 1995 of conspiracy . He is serving a life sentence at a federal prison in North Carolina . Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the August 2011 abduction of Weinstein from his home in the Pakistani city of Lahore . Months later , al-Zawahiri made a number of demands of the United States in exchange for Weinstein 's release . Among the demands was the release of Abdel-Rahman . Al-Zawahiri messages show interest in exploiting Syria violence In May , al Qaeda released a video of the 71-year-old Weinstein pleading with President Barack Obama to meet the demands . "  My life is in your hands , Mr. President , " he said in the video . "  If you accept the demands , I live . If you do n't accept the demands , then I die . " U.S. officials have said Washington will not bargain with al Qaeda . Weinstein was captured after his kidnappers managed to overcome the three security guards who were protecting him . One of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists , al-Zawahiri has played a defining role in al Qaeda . He is believed to be hiding somewhere in Pakistan 's tribal region that borders Afghanistan . He was indicted in absentia for his alleged role in the August 7 , 1998 , bombings of the U.S. embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , that killed 224 civilians and wounded more than 5,000 others , according to the National Counterterrorism Center , part of the U.S. federal government . The FBI is offering a $ 25 million reward for information leading to his capture , the same amount as the reward for bin Laden . Al-Zawahiri 's wife and three children were killed in December 2001 in a U.S. attack on the family 's residence in Afghanistan .	Ayman al-Zawahiri calls for the kidnapping of Westerners Al Qaeda 's leader made the call in a video posted on jihadist websites Al-Zawahiri cites the kidnapping of Warren Weinstein as an example
CNN  -- Standing on the spot where 50 years earlier the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. made "  I have a dream " the clarion call of the civil rights movement , a broader call for equality rang out Saturday . Thousands rallied at the National Mall to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic August 28 , 1963 , March on Washington . Leaders from civil rights , religious and civic organizations paid tribute to those who fought and continue to fight for racial equality , but the slate of demands today has expanded to other hot-button issues . Income inequality , discrimination based on sexual orientation and mistreatment of immigrants were all themes espoused by the dozens of speakers . "  I am a daughter of the civil rights movement , and as a daughter I am a beneficiary of all the good that resulted from the hard work , the sweat and tears , and the blood that was shed by the leaders and doers of that movement , " Jennifer Jones Austin of the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies told the crowd . "  And as a daughter and a beneficiary , I am now the burden-bearer of this generation 's civil rights movement . " Bernice King 's difficult journey That burden , she said , includes equal rights for gays and fights against poverty and gun violence . Attorney General Eric Holder credited King 's famous words for providing a foundation for the progress of the civil rights movement . "  Our focus has broadened to include the cause of women , of Latinos , of Asian-Americans , of lesbians , of gays , of people with disabilities and of countless others across this great country who still yearn for equality , opportunity and fair treatment , " he said . Many speakers invoked the killing of Trayvon Martin as an example of where they see a lack of justice for African-Americans . Martin Luther King III , son of the civil rights icon , said his father 's vision was a nation without racial discrimination . "  But sadly , the tears of Trayvon Martin 's mother and father reminds us that far too frequently , the color of one 's skin remains a license to profile . " In 1963 , "  we could not have imagined we 'd be here 50 years later with a black president and a black attorney general , but that 's a measure of how far we have come , " civil rights activist Julian Bond said . "  But still , we march . " Minorities have never wished their way to freedom , he said , but have worked their way up , and must continue to do so . The only class MLK taught "  While I 'm elated that we 've come today to march on Washington , we must not only march on Washington . We must stand for a genuine living wage and jobs . We must stand to end the ` stand your ground ' laws . We must stand against stop-and-frisk , must must stand against voter suppression , " Bishop Darin Moore of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church said . Another theme repeated throughout the event was outrage at the Supreme Court decision that threw out a key part of the Voting Rights Act . The court in June invalidated the formula used to determine which states or local jurisdictions -- mostly in the South -- could remain under special federal oversight , requiring approval from Washington before they can change voting procedures . That blunted much of the government 's enforcement power in states and localities with a history of discrimination at the polls . "  We did n't forget the price they paid , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said , referring to those on the front lines of the civil rights movement . "  We 've fought too hard , our parents shed too much blood , there was too many nights in jail , for you to take our vote from us now . " Sharpton said organized protests to demand a reinstatement of the provisions are forthcoming . 5 faces of the March on Washington Kathleen Johnson and Jean McRae were at the first March on Washington 50 years ago , and as the crowd grew on Saturday , they reflected on the span in between . "  It was a wonderful experience  in 1963  because prior to that there were many things going on in the United States that were not right , " Johnson said . The injustices that existed in 1963 convinced Johnson and her family and friends to attend the march . "  We had to be there . We had to be a part of it , " she said . The fight for equality that the original march embodied remains a work in progress , McRae said , which makes Saturday 's event so important . "  We need this , especially now , " she said . Both women wore buttons from the march in 1963 . Saturday 's event is the first of two rallies to mark the anniversary . President Barack Obama headlines another event Wednesday , the exact anniversary of the March on Washington , where MLK delivered the now-famous speech at the Lincoln Memorial . The Wednesday event will include a longer march through Washington and speeches by Obama and former presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter . At the March on Washington : The anger , fear , love and hope CNN 's Chris Lawrence and journalist David Simpson contributed to this report .	Two of Martin Luther King Jr. 's children will speak at event Obama , former presidents Clinton , Carter headline a second march Wednesday March passes King Memorial Al Sharpton : Marchers want action , not nostalgia
Deadly street fighting , helicopters shot down and civilians being used as human shields . That was the picture that emerged Friday in southern Ukraine as violence escalated amid reports that dozens of people were killed in a fire and still more were shot dead or wounded in street fighting , raising the question of whether the country can stave off a possible civil war . The violence -- pitting pro-Russian separatists against Ukrainian forces and those who support the government in Kiev -- prompted an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council , with Russia demanding an end to what it called Ukrainian aggression and Western powers accusing Moscow of funding the violence . Russia and the West have squared off diplomatically over the fate of Ukraine , after Moscow annexed Crimea in March following the ouster of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych . He was pushed from office after months of protests by people upset that he had turned away from Europe in favor of Russia . The crisis in eastern Ukraine hit a boiling point with news Friday that security forces launched their most intensive effort yet to try to dislodge pro-Russian separatists , who have reportedly seized a number of government buildings in nearly a dozen cities and towns . Helicopters downed Two Ukrainian government helicopters were shot down in the flashpoint city of Slavyansk . The helicopters were brought down by fire from pro-Russian separatists , the Ukraine Ministry of Defense said . Five pro-Russian separatists and two civilians were killed in Slavyansk in a Ukrainian military operation , the city 's self-declared mayor , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov . Two Ukrainian soldiers were killed during an attack in the village of Andriyivka , near Slavyansk , defense ministry said . The gunmen also blocked a bridge in the area , using local residents , including women , as shields , according to the ministry . Hundreds of miles away , in the Black Sea city of Odessa , at least four people were killed and 40 were wounded in fighting , according to the regional police administration . Another 31 people died after a fire was started at a trade union building amid clashes in the largely Russian-speaking Odessa , police said . Authorities initially reported 38 people had died , but later revised it . Video posted on YouTube appeared to show Molotov cocktails being thrown by Kiev supporters at the building where pro-Russian separatists had reportedly taken up positions . The footage , which CNN could not independently confirm , showed people sitting on ledges trying to escape the fire and thick smoke . CNN can not independently confirm the casualty counts . The United States condemned the violence that led to the fire . "  The violence and mayhem that led to so many senseless deaths and injuries is unacceptable , " Marie Harf , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman , said . The events that led to the fire "  underscore the need for an immediate de-escalation of tensions in Ukraine , " Harf said . The violence came the same day that U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged to seek harsher sanctions against Russia if Ukraine does n't stabilize in time for elections this month . The two leaders warned Russia could face a new round of sanctions by the West , if it does not stop its actions in Ukraine . "  There just has not been the kind of honesty and credibility about the situation there and the willingness to engage seriously " in finding a diplomatic solution , Obama said . But the threat seemed to do little to waive off Russia , with its Foreign Ministry saying Ukraine 's use of its military in Slavyansk is criminal . ` Nail in the coffin ' Russian President Vladimir Putin 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov , told CNN the military operation was "  the last nail in the coffin " for the deal agreed to last month in Geneva , Switzerland , which called for illegal militia groups in eastern Ukraine to disarm and vacate seized buildings . Putin has been kept fully informed of unfolding events and regards the situation with "  grave concern , " Peskov said . What 's not yet clear is whether the escalating violence may prompt a response by Russia , which has previously said it has the right to intervene in Ukraine to protect Russian speakers . Besides the threat from pro-Russian separatists , NATO estimates that Russia has some 40,000 troops massed near Ukraine 's border . Negotiations complicated Peskov said the Ukrainian operation also complicated ongoing negotiations to free seven Western observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , who have been held captive by separatists in Slavyansk for the past week . Russia 's Foreign Ministry , meanwhile , raised concern about the safety of a special presidential envoy , Vladimir Lukin , sent to southeastern Ukraine to negotiate a possible release of the OSCE observers . Its statement cited "  reports about English-speaking foreigners spotted among attackers , " saying there should be no "  external interference " in Ukraine 's affairs . As the diplomatic wrangling continued , residents of Slavyansk were warned Friday to stay home and avoid windows as the latest phase of the authorities ' "  anti-terrorist operation " got under way . The two Mi24 helicopters were downed with mobile air defense systems , killing two military officers and injuring others , according to the Ukrainian Defense Ministry website . Another army helicopter , an Mi8 , was damaged , but no one was hurt , it said . Pro-Russian separatists took one badly injured pilot hostage after his helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing , the ministry said , and efforts to free him are ongoing . Ukraine 's security service , the SBU , said one helicopter that came under attack was carrying medics , one of whom was injured . Russian state news agency RIA Novosti earlier reported that one Russian separatist was killed and another wounded in Slavyansk . The operation also targeted the town of Kramatorsk . Meanwhile , Russian airline Aeroflot said it was canceling flights Friday to the eastern cities of Kharkiv and Donetsk because it did n't have permission to enter Ukrainian airspace . Human shield allegation In his Facebook post , Arsen Avakov , the Ukrainian interior minister , said nine checkpoints that were under control of pro-Russian separatists in Slavyansk have been taken back by Ukrainian forces , who now encircle the town . What the Ukrainian authorities want from the separatists has not changed , he said -- release the hostages , turn in weapons , vacate seized administrative buildings and allow the normal functioning of the city . Ukraine 's security service also accused separatist leaders of ordering separatists to use residents as human shields in the city and at checkpoints . Acting Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov acknowledged this week that the central government has effectively lost control of the country 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions to the pro-Russian separatists . He signed a decree introducing military conscription Thursday in a bid to beef up Ukraine 's military , citing "  real and potential threats to Ukraine . " Why NATO is such a thorn in Russia 's side Opinion : Putin 's empire building is not a new Cold War Amanpour blog : $ 17 billion Ukraine bailout approved	Video appears to show a deadly fire was started with Molotov cocktails Two helicopters have been downed , and a pilot is being held hostage , authorities say Ukraine alleges separatists are using human shields At least 31 people are dead following a fire in Odessa
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police added a drunken driving charge against a Red Bull energy drink heir accused of ramming a police officer with his Ferrari and fleeing the scene , authorities said Friday . Authorities charged the drink creator 's grandson with negligent death and hit-and-run after the crash . They said he had a high alcohol content , an additional charge that if found guilty , would add up to 10 years to his sentence , according to Police Maj. Gen. Anuchai Lekbumrung . CNN attempts to reach the suspect 's attorney were unsuccessful . The arrest of Vorayud Yoovidhaya -- a member of one of Thailand 's richest families -- has sparked a controversy over the nation 's justice system . At first , police allegedly tried to cover up the 27-year-old 's involvement by arresting a suspect who pretended to be driving the car at the time . The arrest of the bogus suspect led to the suspension of a police officer . The officer killed in the crash , Police Sgt. Major Wichien Klanprasert , was responding to a robbery call when his motorcycle was hit by what a witness described as a black sports car early Monday , authorities said . His cremation is planned for Friday evening , relatives said . Investigators said they followed the path of leaked oil from the crash scene to the suspect 's home . Police entered his mansion with a search warrant and found his Ferrari , which was wrecked on the front and had deployed air bags , authorities said . The heir has admitted driving the car and hitting the motorcycle , but he claimed he was suddenly cut off by the bike , according to Lekbumrung . He was charged with hit-and-run and causing a death with negligence , and was released on a bond of 500,000 baht  About $ 16,000  . An investigation is under way to determine how fast he was driving , police said . The suspect 's grandfather , Chaleo Yoovidhaya , teamed with an Austrian businessman to create the Red Bull brand and products . His father , Chalerm Yoovidhaya , is an executive with the energy drink company . His father has attended evening services for the officer at the local temple , said Natthanan Klanpraert , the victim 's sister-in-law . The suspect and his mother also stopped by the temple Thursday afternoon , but the victim 's family was not around , she said .	Red Bull heir is accused of killing a police officer in hit-and-run Police : He had a high alcohol content , which comes with an additional charge If he is found guilty , he would get an additional 10 years in prison
CNN  Do n't get on stage with Afroman . He does n't want you there . A video shows the rapper and guitarist playing his guitar Tuesday at a concert in Biloxi , Mississippi , when he whirls around and apparently slugs a woman who was dancing on stage behind him . After she goes down , he continues to play . "  On 17 February 15 , the Biloxi Police Department responded to a reported assault at the Kress Live Entertainment Venue involving Mr. Joseph Edgar Foreman who performs under the stage name Afroman , " the Biloxi Police Department arrest report read . "  Mr. Foreman was arrested for Assault as a result of a Citizen 's Affidavit , booked in , and released after paying a 330 Dollar Bond . " "  My understanding is  the woman  got up on stage , and he hit her , " Police Chief John Miller told the Biloxi Sun Herald . On the video , the woman gets up and looks back at Afroman in surprise . An audience member climbs on stage and leads her away . Wednesday afternoon , Afroman apologized for the incident , telling "  TMZ Live " that he 's going to be "  enrolling in an anxiety foundation right now . " "  I 'm here to apologize , " he said . "  I need some help . " He said that he had been heckled by a man off-stage and was irritated by the women who got on stage , and he added that security should have taken action . Nevertheless , he should n't have lashed out , he said . "  It was wrong , " he said . "  What happened should n't have happened . " The rapper has had trouble with fans getting on stage before , a rep told Billboard . "  This was a completely involuntary reflex reaction to people infringing on his stage space , " the rep said in a statement . "  It was uncharacteristic behavior that was initiated by outside uncontrolled forces . " The rep blamed poor security at the venue , Kress Live . Afroman had a big hit in 2000 with "  Because I Got High . "	Afroman apologizes for incident A video shows Afroman hitting a fan at a Mississippi concert The guitarist and rapper was arrested and released on bail
Jerusalem  CNN  They prayed for the best but feared for the worst when a gunman stormed into a Jewish store in east Paris and unleashed terror just hours before Shabbat on Friday . Now , four days after Yoav Hattab , 21 , Yohan Cohen , 22 , Philippe Braham , 45 , and Franois-Michel Saada , 63 , were shot dead at the Hyper Cacher kosher supermarket -- the final , tragic chapter to the Charlie Hebdo terror attacks in the French capital that shocked the world -- their devastated families have laid them to rest at the Givat Shaul cemetery in Jerusalem . Family members , wrapped in coats to ward off the chill on a sunny Tuesday morning , embraced each other and wept as the bodies of their loved ones arrived . They were joined by hundreds of other people , many of whom traveled from France to mourn the deadliest attack on that country 's Jewish community since 2012 . Some were draped in the Israeli flag ; others carried signs bearing the faces of the dead and words , in French , declaring , "  I am dead because I am Jewish , " and "  I am Charlie , I am Jewish , I am Israeli , I am French , and I 've had enough . " The wife of Braham thanked the crowds that gathered to pay tribute to the fallen . "  What can I say ? Philippe , my dear love . He was a perfect person , always a husband , a father who lived only for his children . Today , he is with my son . I 'm crying , but I know that you all cry with me , and I thank all of you for all of this . Philippe , protect yourself , protect me . " Helicopters flew overhead and soldiers stood guard among the headstones as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the families in a speech . "  When I hugged you in Paris , I said to you that I know your hurt -- the hurt of fathers , of parents , boys and girls , sons and daughters , brothers and sisters , who have lost their dearest , " he said . "  And so , the people of Israel , the state of Israel , hug you with love in this dark day when four souls came to Jerusalem ... the final resting place of Philippe , Yohan , Yoav and Franois-Michel . May their souls rest in peace . " Netanyahu also called for a unified response in the face of last week 's terror attacks : "  These are not only the enemies of Israel ; they are the enemies of the world , and the time has come that all civilized people should come together and should uproot these enemies from amongst us . " The bodies of the four men were flown to Israel 's Ben Gurion Airport , before a convoy of ambulances carried their coffins to waiting crowds of mourners in Jerusalem . Sephardi Chief Rabbi Yitzhak Yosef led the state ceremony with a reading from the Book of Psalms , before the rending of garments , a symbolic act at Jewish funerals where mourners cut their own clothes . Tearful family members recited the mourner 's kaddish as Israeli and French dignitaries helped them light candles in honor of the dead . Jonathan Saada lit a candle for his father with Nir Barkat , the mayor of Jerusalem . Braham 's widow lit another with Nathan Sharansky , the chairman of the Jewish Agency . Hattab 's father -- the chief rabbi of Tunis , Tunisia -- lit a candle with Joel Mergui , the Jewish Central Consistory president . Cohen 's sister joined Ham Korsia , the chief rabbi of France , in lighting one in memory of her brother . In an emotional speech , Israeli President Reuven Rivlin called on European leaders to take steps to wipe out anti-Semitism . "  We ca n't get away from the fact that this terror is particularly harsh on the Jewish people , " he said . "  It would be dangerous to get away from the fact that there is anti-Semitism ,  whether it 's  old anti-Semitism or new anti-Semitism . It does n't matter what the terrorists think . "  The leaders of Europe , they have to take an active part , and with a strong hand they have to ensure the security of the Jewish people in Europe . It 's unacceptable that in 2015 that people of Israel are unable to wear the skullcap on the streets of Europe and that cemeteries and synagogues have to be protected and we can not get away from it anymore . " The killings of the four hostages by Amedy Coulibaly came two days after the terrorist 's associates massacred 12 people in an attack on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris . Charlie Hebdo attacks : Who were the 17 victims ? Hattab , one of seven children , was a student in Paris who traveled often to see his family in Tunisia , according to his Facebook page . "  You are the magnificent Tunisian that we will treasure forever . Rest in peace , " Fatma Ben Hamouda wrote on the page . Cohen was a student who was working at the Hyper Cacher market . His parents were from Algeria and settled in Sarcelles in the 1960s , according to French news outlets RTL and AFP . His apparent Facebook page lists a French translation of his favorite quote by Shakespeare : "  We are such stuff as dreams are made on . " Franois-Michel Saada was a retired senior executive whose children live in Israel . He was married to Laurence Saada , a psychomotor therapist , for more than 30 years , according to RTL and AFP . Braham worshipped at a synagogue in the Paris suburb of Montrouge , and his children attended a Jewish school not far from where a police officer was killed last Thursday , the day before his own life was taken , allegedly by the same man , in the supermarket siege . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Four hostages shot dead in the Paris kosher store siege are laid to rest in a Jerusalem cemetery Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other top officials speak at a state ceremony
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Friday it has approved a new vaccine to prevent seasonal influenza . Agriflu , made by Novartis Vaccines and Diagnostics , is not intended to protect against the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu . The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process , the FDA said . Novartis demonstrated that the vaccine induces levels of antibodies in the blood that are effective in preventing seasonal influenza , but it still needs to conduct further studies . Agriflu , for ages 18 and older , is administered as a single injection in the upper arm and is available in single-dose , prefilled syringes , according to the FDA . Novartis produces another licensed vaccine for seasonal influenza , Fluvirin , approved for ages 4 and older . Although no vaccine is 100 percent effective in preventing disease , vaccination is the key to flu prevention , according to the FDA . Novartis spokesman Eric Althoff said Agriflu is made in Siena , Italy , with eggs , and it has been available in Europe under the brand name Aggripal . This approval , he said , will add to future seasonal vaccine supplies .	Agriflu , made by Novartis , is not intended to protect against the H1N1 virus The vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process , the FDA said Vaccine induces antibodies in the blood that are effective in preventing seasonal influenza
CNN  -- When France won the 1998 World Cup on home soil their triumph was hailed as a unifying force for a country with a difficult colonial past and where racial tensions were never far from the surface . The team was labeled the Black , Blanc , Beur  Black , White , Arab  because of the seamless mix of French-born and dual-nationality players who conquered the football world with a shock 3-0 win in the final against the favored Brazilians . But fast forward 13 years and leading French politicians , current star players players and influential media commentators are among many to voice fears that the legacy of social integration engendered by that glorious night in the Stade de France has been severely tarnished , if it every existed . French talent drain no excuse for quota Deputy Christiane Taubira , a prominent member of the French National Assembly , who was a candidate in the 2002 presidential elections , was always skeptical that it marked a sea change in French attitudes to race . "  1998 was an illusion and a short one , " she told CNN , pointing out that less than three months later a French government minister called black youths "  young savages . " Taubira , who is in the socialist group in the National Assembly , believes that until "  all citizens are treated equally " French society will continue to have problems of racial integration . With presidential elections looming in France next year , she believes the problem stems from the very top and is calling on Nicolas Sarkozy to promote diversity and give more opportunities to France 's immigrant population . Taubira is a persistent critic of Sarkozy , particularly for his spells as French Interior Minister from 2002-07 where his hardline approach to disorder in neighborhoods with a largely North African population came under the spotlight . "  I told him back in 2002 that he was organizing a civil war in this country , " she added . Taubira 's comments come in the wake of the decision by the French Sports Minister Chantal Jouanno to clear national football coach Laurent Blanc in the "  race quotas row " which has provoked an angry reaction from critics . Blanc , who succeeded Raymond Domenech last summer , was captured by a secret recording allegedly discussing the introduction of quotas for young players , aged 12 and 13 , based on their racial background . The implication was that a smaller percentage of youngsters of dual nationality would be admitted to the famed French football academies , which act as the breeding ground for talent such as Thierry Henry . National technical director Francois Blaquart , who allegedly promoted the idea to Blanc , remains suspended by the French National Federation  FFF  . Joachim Barbier , who wrote the acclaimed book "  Football made in Afrique , " was scathing in his criticisms of the reported conversations between Blanc and Blaquart . "  You expect these people to be clever and set up a scheme for the future , " he told CNN . "  Instead they talked like a couple of stupid drunks . " Barbier does not believe Blanc was intentionally racist , but points to the "  wide gap between the people playing football and those running it , who are mostly white and over fifty years of age . " He goes on : "  Back in 1998 the only person saying there was too much diversity was  Front National leader  Jean Marie Le Pen , now it seems everything that is not Christian and white is considered a threat . " Juliens Laurens , UK correspondent for Le Parisien , told CNN that the Blanc affair was another example of the institutional racism which he believes permeates French society . He also does not believe Blanc is a racist but highlights the appointment of his predecessor Domenech as an example of the problem . Domenech got the job in 2004 ahead of Mali-born former star player Jean Tigana . "  I 'm sure it was down to Tigana 's color rather than ability , " he claimed . The race issue flared again as Domenech 's tenure as national coach ended with their humiliating exit from 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Chelsea 's Nicolas Anelka was sent home after a heated exchange with Domenech , prompting a brief strike by his fellow squad members . "  People said there was a clan of black players in the French squad at the World Cup , and we then saw the true face of France , " Anelka told British reporters last December ahead of Chelsea 's Champions League tie against Marseille . "  When the France team fails to win people start talking straight away about the players ' skin colors and religious beliefs . "  When times get tough we find out what people really think . They said Franck Ribery had hit Yoann Gourcuff -- Ribery the Muslim , and Gourcuff the good French boy . " Anelka 's views are echoed by Tottenham Hotspur central defender Sebastien Bassong , who played for France at under-21 level , but with dual nationality opted to play for Cameroon in full internationals . Bassong would represent an example of the issue identified by Blanc and Blaquart whereby a player is trained in the French system then opts to play for a country of his or his parents ' birth . In a candid interview with Britain 's Guardian newspaper in the wake of the race quotas affair , Bassong criticized French society for its lack of diversity . "  I am not going to lie and say it is not more difficult in France than it is in England to find work if you have a big beard , for example . That is just a fact . "  In England , it is more open and that is why people come here because they know that they will get a chance , no matter how they dress or where they are from . "  French society still has to work with its approach to foreign people , " he was quoted . Patrick Lozes , president of the Representative Council of Black Associations in France , has no doubt that prejudice is rife in his country and his organization is calling for a full judicial inquiry into the Blanc affair . "  We are talking here about children of 12 years of age , who have not chosen to be bi-national , " he told CNN . "  These kids are being denied access to training and I call this discrimination . The lack of diversity in the French Football Federation structures paves the way for institutional racism , " he added . A spokesman for the FFF strongly denied these claims but refused to comment on specific issues . "  The file is not closed , we 're actually working on the disciplinary procedures and , following internal regulations and working laws in France , we are avoiding all comments on this topic , " said Francois Manardo , the chief press officer for the federation . The historical facts would indeed appear to counter accusations that players from ethnic minorities and other backgrounds are discriminated by the selectors of the French national team . The first black player to represent France was Raoul Diagne in 1931 and he played in the 1938 World Cup team that featured three players from North African descent for the first time . Sons of European immigrants to France such as Raymond Kopa , Just Fontaine and Maryan Wisnieski were key members of the 1958 team which reached the semifinals . In the 1990s , the squad boasted representatives of most of the French dependencies , not to mention many African countries such as Senegal which previously came under French rule . The star player of the 1998 team , Zinedine Zidane , was born in Marseille to Algerian parents . Far-right leader Le Pen may have been a lone voice when he said that team was not sufficiently "  French , " but in 2002 he reached the second round of the presidential elections and Ghanaian-born Marcel Desailly and other national teammates went public and urged voters to reject him . They duly did , although support for Le Pen and his daughter Marine Le Pen 's Front National party remains strong in several regions of France . Barbier believes that until "  immigration is seen as a benefit not a threat " his country will continue to have problems . "  It 's a question of leadership , " he said .	Calls for judicial inquiry after national coach Laurent Blanc cleared in race quotas row Blanc part of the ` Black , Blanc , Beur ' French squad which won the 1998 World Cup French lawmaker Christiane Taubira believes the racial unity claimed in 1998 was "  an illusion " French football federation dismiss claims of institutional racism in their organization
CNN  -- Ah , fermentation . And distilling . Where would the world be without them ? Yes , the Irish might have taken over the world had God not invented whisky , but what about rum , gin , vodka , beer and wine ? We 'll likely never know the answer to that question , but we can find out exactly how the drinks that rule the world are made . Whichever flavor you like to toss back , somewhere there 's a booze tour with your name on it . From Belgium to Barbados , here are 10 of our favorites . Bourbon : Woodford Reserve Distillery , Kentucky Kentucky 's oldest and smallest distillery , Woodford Reserve lovingly crafts its bourbon in small batches . Maybe that 's why it 's the official bourbon of the Kentucky Derby . At the distillery , also a National Historic Landmark , visitors take a guided tour that explains the history of bourbon , the bottling process and how Woodford Reserve does something special with all five sources of bourbon flavor . For example , they do n't just use water , they use deep limestone well water . Big difference  as they 'll explain  . Best of all , guests get to linger with the award-winning craft bourbon . On the Corn to Cork tour you can dive deeper into the bourbon-making process . Or you can just start serving up mint juleps . Cost : $ 7 . Wine : Via Errazuriz , Panquehue , Chile Grape for grape , this family-owned estate 100 kilometers north of Santiago pumps out some of the best wine in South America . It helps that Via Errazuriz has the perfect climate for it : cool , rainy winters and hot , dry summers . On the two-hour tour , visitors take to the underground cellars and walk the hillside vineyards , covering topics like viticulture , climate conditions and grape management . Then it 's on to sampling four of the estate 's Max Reserva wines . The Pinot Noir contains some amazingly smoky notes from oak aging . Cost : U.S. $ 34 . Rum : Mount Gay Visitor Center , Brandons , Barbados It 's the classic rum stereotype -- turquoise waters , tropical island , white-sand beaches . And for a reason . As the birthplace of rum , Barbados is home to the oldest rum in existence , Mount Gay . Launched in 1703 , Mount Gay is a smooth , medium-bodied rum combining notes of ripe banana , almond , vanilla , coffee and chocolate . It gets those last two from an aging process that involves Kentucky oak barrels that previously contained bourbon . At the Mount Gay visitor center in Brandons  near the capital , Bridgetown  , travelers learn about these rum properties in the brand museum . Later , they snoop around a Barbadian rum shop and sample two of Mount Gay 's finest rums in the official bar . An optional lunch is served outdoors , with a Mount Gay punch , naturally . Cost : U.S. $ 7 - $ 50 . Lager : Stella Artois Brewery , Leuven , Belgium In 1926 , the Artois brewery in Leuven , Belgium  which has been in existence since 1366  , produced a beer so bright it was given the name Stella , Latin for "  star . " Which goes to show sometimes a company requires a few centuries to discover its true calling . Today , Stella Artois is sold in more than 80 countries . The hourlong tour at the Stella Artois brewery divulges all the beer 's secrets  so they say  . Visitors sample a cool Stella in the cozy Den Thuis bar before being guided to the Stella Artois shop , where they can stock up on chalices . And maybe a bottle opener . Cost : $ 8.50  U.S. $ 11.30  . Stout : Guinness Storehouse , Dublin Guinness is like a beer milkshake and the tour of the brand 's headquarters is just as filling . It starts in the atrium next to the world 's largest pint glass , which rises up through the middle of the seven-story building . As the thorough and at times interactive tour moves up each floor , visitors learn about the beer 's state-of-the-art brewing process , its "  cooperage "  barrel-making  and how it 's transported to more than 150 countries . Awaiting at the top is a pint of Guinness  certificate included  in the Gravity Bar , which affords visitors a 360-degree view of Dublin . There 's a reason the Guinness Storehouse is the No. 1 attraction in Ireland . Cost : $ 16.50  U.S. $ 22  . Whisky : Glenfiddich Distillery , Dufftown , Scotland Glenfiddich is the world 's most awarded single-malt Scotch whisky , having claimed more big-time international medals since 2000 than any other single-malt Scotch . In the heart of the Scottish Highlands , its distillery is nearly as decorated . The free classic tour runs through 19th-century warehouses and mash rooms and includes three drams of Glenfiddich . For a more in-depth look  and more chest-hair-producing whisky samples  , visitors can opt for the explorers tour or even the pioneers tour , where they can taste a 30-year-old whisky and procure a rare , cask-strength bottle of Glenfiddich . Cost : Free to # 75  U.S. $ 121  . Tequila : Casa Herradura , Amatitn , Mexico If premium tequila is your drink , Guadalajara , Mexico , and a locomotive known as the Tequila Express is your trip . In this case , the Tequila Express is a literal train . Thirty kilometers later , visitors arrive at Casa Herradura , home of the award-winning and picturesque Herradura Tequila distillery . Surrounded by mountains and agave fields , the tour takes in the original factory and a few 100 % agave tequilas  silver , reposado , aejo  . Throw in a mariachi band and a little Mexican folk dancing and it could be a wedding night . Cost : 100 pesos  U.S. $ 7.90  and up . Vodka : 45th Parallel Distillery , Wisconsin About 50 miles east of Minneapolis , Minnesota , 45th Parallel is a small , family-owned distillery in New Richmond , Wisconsin . While their resources may be modest , they produce one hell of a vodka , ultra-clean and as neutral as Switzerland . It costs a mere $ 5 to take the distillery tour . Visitors observe the patient fermentation of mash and slow , small-batch distilling processes . Then comes a sample of their best stuff in the tasting room . These Midwesterners also churn out a pretty solid bourbon . Cost : $ 5 . Cider : Healey 's Cornish Cyder Farm , Penhallow , England Healey 's makes a number of ciders , most notably the Cornish Rattler , a cloudy cider with a hefty bite , hence the name and snake on the bottle . Visitors can explore the distillery , bottling facility , underground cellars and museum and learn about the process of making award-winning cider . Or , they can take a tractor ride through apple orchards in the valley below , have lunch and a slew of ciders in the restaurant , even pet the farm animals . It 's all kid-friendly . Cost : # 7.00  U.S. $ 11  . Gin : New York Distilling Company , New York City OK , this is n't much of a distillery tour . The New York Distilling Co. is small ; tours are informal and do n't last long . The hook here is the distillery , located in the hip , converted-warehouse-heavy neighborhood of Williamsburg , Brooklyn , attached to a fully functioning bar called The Shanty . In this laid-back , exposed-brick haunt , the distillery 's hulking steel and copper still are seen through a large window . Cocktails are available , made with the distillery 's two gins , the citrus Dorothy Parker and the strong  57 % ABV  Perry 's Tot . A distillery-produced rye is on its way . Cost : Free . Where 's the best drink you ever had ? Near home or far across the sea ? Please share in the comments below .	The tour of the official bourbon of the Kentucky Derby explains the type of water that 's used Barbados has beaches , sand and the home of the oldest rum in existence The producer of the beer milkshake known as Guinness is the No. 1 attraction in Ireland
CNN  -- When Thurgood Marshall retired from the U.S. Supreme Court in June 1991 , a reporter asked him what were the medical reasons that contributed to his leaving the bench -- and its lifetime appointment -- after serving for nearly 25 years . He was his usual blunt self . "  What 's wrong with me ? " Marshall said at the packed news conference . "  I 'm old . I 'm getting old and falling apart . " When the news broke this week that Pope Benedict XVI was stepping down as the spiritual leader of 1.2 billion Roman Catholics because of his concerns about being able to do the job , many began to speculate that there were other reasons for the decision . We have become accustomed to a pope dying in office . That 's not a surprise . It has been nearly 600 years since the last pope , Gregory XII , quit in 1415 . Even though the job of pope is a lifetime appointment , frankly , it is selfish of any individual to hold on to the job for dear life , knowing full well they do n't have the capacity to do the job . "  Strength of mind and body are necessary , strength which in the last few months has deteriorated in me to the extent that I have had to recognize my incapacity to adequately fulfill the ministry entrusted to me , " according to a statement from Pope Benedict released by the Vatican . Whether we want to be honest or not , it was sad to watch the decline of Pope John Paul II . He was a vibrant figure when he became pope in 1978 , traveling the world and spreading the gospel to anyone who would listen . But toward the end of his life in 2005 , he was barely able to move or talk , clearly worn down by significant health challenges . Any leader who respects the organization they serve should have the common sense to know when it 's time to say goodbye . We 've seen countless examples of CEOs , pastors , politicians and others hang on and on to a position of power , hurting the very people they were elected or chosen to serve . It takes considerable courage for anyone to step away from the power bestowed upon them by a position , as well as the trappings that come with it . I 'll leave it to others to try to figure out other reasons behind the resignation . But we should at least acknowledge the value of an ego-less decision that reflects humility and concern about the very institution the pope pledged his life to . All leaders should be concerned about their institution continuing to grow and thrive once their days are no more . That 's why a proper succession plan is vitally important . Too often we have assessed great leaders by what they did in their positions . But their final legacy really is defined by how they left a place . Pope Benedict XVI knows full well the Catholic Church can not grow and prosper if its leader is limited in traveling and attending to his flock . There comes a time when one chapter must end and another begins . He has more days behind him than in front of him . He should enjoy his last years in peace and tranquility , without having to worry about trying to do the work designed for a younger man . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Pope Benedict stuns world by announcing he will resign Roland Martin says it 's a wise decision for a leader to step down when his powers fail He says a mark of a good leader is the care he takes about the institution he is leaving Martin : Too many in power try to hang on after they are no longer capable
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Perveen Crawford became Hong Kong 's first female pilot in 1995 and is soon to be Hong Kong 's first female astronaut when she blasts off to sub-orbital space as a paying customer on Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipOne . Po Toi O is in Clear Water Bay in the New Territories , Hong Kong . The Hong Kong socialite shows us around her city 's favorite haunts . For the best seafood in the city , Crawford recommends Po Toi O a small fishing village at Clear Water Bay in the New Territories , Hong Kong . At the village 's two seafood restaurants diners can sample the freshest fish picked from teeming water tanks and enjoy specialties such as fried mantis shrimp with peppery salt and fried rice with sea urchin . There 's also a 300-year-old temple in the village and hiking trails abound in the hills around the bay . Po Toi O is a 45-minute drive from Hong Kong Island and can be reached using minibus route 16 from Po Lam and by car along the Po Toi O Chuen road . Another of Hong Kong 's hidden gems is the retro-chic China Club on the 13th floor of the Old Bank of China building on Bank Street . The style is 1930s Shanghai with traditional furniture as well as contemporary Chinese art and dazzling views from the balcony . On the menu is traditional Chinese food  monosodium glutamate is completely banned  as well as Western tea , coffee and cakes during the day . China Club , The 13/F , The Old Bank of China Building , Bank Street , Central , Hong Kong . Telephone : 25218888 .	Perveen Crawford , Hong Kong 's first female pilot , shows us around her favorite spots For the best seafood try Po Toi O a small fishing village in the New Territories The retro-chic China Club in Central Hong Kong serves traditional Chinese food
Bringing supplies to astronauts on the International Space Station can be a little screwy , leaving astronauts waiting for the next costly and risky resupply mission . This week , thanks to 3-D printing , astronaut and ISS commander Barry "  Butch " Wilmore had a wrench he needed manufactured by a printer in just four hours . The ratcheting socket wrench was the first "  uplink tool " printed in space , according to Grant Lowery , marketing and communications manager for Made In Space , which built the printer in partnership with NASA . The tool was designed on the ground , emailed to the space station and then manufactured . From start to finish , the process took less than a week . Made in Space 's 3-D printer is the first to operate in zero gravity , and printed its first object in orbit -- a part for the printer , ironically -- in November . "  This means that we could go from having a part designed on the ground to printed in orbit within an hour to two from start to finish , " Niki Werkheiser , NASA 's 3-D print manager , said in a press release when the printer was sent to the ISS in September . "  The on-demand capability can revolutionize the constrained supply chain model we are limited to today and will be critical for exploration missions . " The goal for the project is to create in-space manufacturing , especially as missions venture farther from Earth . Space , the final frontier for 3-D printing Ultimately , Lowery said the wrench and other objects will be sent back to assess whether there are any functional differences between those samples printed in space versus those on the ground .	A wrench is first "  uplink tool " designed on Earth then emailed and printed in space Made in Space partnered with NASA to send a 3-D printer to International Space Station Goal is in-space manufacturing , especially as missions venture farther from Earth
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The ring awarded to Muhammad Ali when he became boxing 's first three-time heavyweight champion has been returned to Ali 's former wife six years after she loaned it to a friend who was dying of cancer , her lawyer said . "  It 's been a long road , " said Veronica Porsche , who was married to Ali for 10 years . That road ended Monday when a federal judge ruled against the friend 's widow , who claimed it was a gift , not a loan , attorney Darren Enenstein said . Collector Keya Morgan , who is an Ali family friend , said the gold and diamond ring is the "  holy grail " of boxing memorabilia . Ali got it after the September 1978 decision against Leon Spinks that made him a three-time champ , Morgan said . Porsche , who is a clinical psychologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , loaned it to Dr. William Young in summer 2004 after she learned he was suffering from cancer . Young had treated her husband , who had died from leukemia earlier that year , she said . "  He had always been so supportive of us . " "  It was a natural thing , " she said , because Young was a fan of her former husband . Porsche thought the ring would give the doctor hope and inspiration in his battle with cancer , she said . When Young died in November 2004 , he still had the ring , she said . "  I did n't want to ask his widow immediately , so I waited a month or so and then I could n't find her , " Porsche said . "  She had left town . " After six years of trying to find the ring , a private investigator located Phyllis Young in Phoenix , Arizona , and began a legal battle that ended this week , Enenstein said . When Porsche filed a lawsuit against the widow seeking the ring , Young counter-sued claiming it was given to her husband by Ali as a gift . "  The ring was my husband 's to keep and an assurance of the personal bond between them , my husband and Muhammad Ali , " Young said in her suit . While the doctor had treated the boxer once or twice , they were not close friends , Porsche said . Muhammad Ali signed a sworn statement to help his former wife 's legal battle for the return of the ring , Enenstein said . It was handed over to Porsche in a Los Angeles courtroom on Monday after U.S. District Judge Stephen Wilson threw out the widow 's counterclaim , he said . The ring will eventually go to Laila Ali , the 32-year-old daughter of Porsche from her marriage with Ali , she said . The couple 's other daughter , Hana , already has the ring the boxer was given when he became a two-time heavyweight champ .	Ali 's former wife loaned the ring to a friend dying of cancer in 2004 The ring disappeared for six years after the friend 's death A federal judge ordered the widow to return the ring Monday
CNN  -- State and federal investigations are underway in the case of lane closures that clogged traffic on the George Washington Bridge in New Jersey in August . Politicians and pundits are tossing around accusations of wrongdoing by employees of the New York-New Jersey Port Authority and the office of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . The national press may feast on the political implications for New Jersey 's Republican governor , but I think the episode is symptomatic of a larger , more troubling issue . The deliberate political action resulted in life-threatening situations and delays that cost more than $ 21 million of economic losses to businesses and families . But the same situation faces millions of Americans every day because of the deterioration of our nation 's infrastructure and political gridlock . The George Washington Bridge is emblematic of thousands of other bridges nationwide -- it suffers from chronic traffic jams , has a long maintenance backlog and is showing signs of aging that you 'd expect in an 83-year-old superstructure . And while the bridge is undergoing an eight-year , billion-dollar renovation , it remains the busiest bridge in the world . It is a major connector of commercial industry and human capital in the Northeast that will require upkeep for decades to come . In other words , the George Washington Bridge 's condition is mirrored by other bridges coast to coast . American bridges are in bad shape , and there is a dire need for massive funding to shore them up or rebuild them . As we know from major bridge collapses in Minneapolis in 2007 and in Washington State in May 2013 , we 're seeing more and more that merely driving across some bridges might mean that you are putting yourself at risk . Rather than focusing only on the question of whether certain New Jersey politicians can "  survive " the unfolding political scandal , we need to ask whether millions of Americans who cross the nation 's bridges every day are going to survive their trips . We need to question why political battles at the congressional level have gummed up the funding for improving America 's bridges . This is a slow-motion scandal with far-ranging implications . Why is political gamesmanship stopping the critical investment in our country 's future that labor , the Chamber of Commerce and the American public overwhelmingly support ? This political gridlock is about national elected officials from both sides of the aisle who -- over the span of several presidential administrations -- have failed to make the upkeep and revitalization of our bridges a top priority . The condition of U.S. bridges and our national infrastructure -- roads , sewers , manufacturing and energy facilities -- should be inseparable from the debate over how to end our economic malaise . The troubling state of our bridges , in particular , is a premium example of how political priorities have created gridlock that impact millions of Americans every day . By ending political gridlock that is in the way of funding for major infrastructure projects , jobs can be created , lives can be saved and the future of transportation and commerce will be secured . Instead , bridges continue to decay and desperately needed maintenance projects are still dangerously backlogged . Consider this : -- The United States , including Puerto Rico , is home to more than 66,700 structurally deficient bridges and 84,748 functionally obsolete bridges , the Federal Highway Administration reports . -- Last year , the American Society of Civil Engineers rated one out of nine U.S. bridges as structurally deficient , and also found that the average age of the nation 's 607,380 bridges is 42 years . As a journeyman iron worker and representative of more than 100,000 workers -- including thousands of bridge workers -- I read about the George Washington Bridge-related political squabbling taking place now in New Jersey and interpret it differently . As I see it , the real scandal here is in the question of how a critically vital piece of America 's infrastructure -- the bridges that are our lifelines to jobs , hospitals and economic development -- have been neglected for so long . Where is the outrage over the political gamesmanship at the congressional level that has caused desperately needed work on American bridges to grind to a halt ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Walter W. Wise .	Walter Wise says the attention focused on New Jersey 's bridge scandal is misplaced Wise : Our nation 's bridge 's are in dire need of repair Wise : Political gamesmanship may lead to disaster with our infrastructure
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German investigators Thursday acknowledged "  credible information " indicating that one of the world 's most wanted Nazi war criminals died almost 20 years ago in Egypt . The former the hotel in Cairo where Heim spent his final days . The announcement from the Baden-Wuerttemberg State Criminal Investigations Office came a day after German public broadcaster ZDF reported similar findings about Aribert Heim , wanted since 1962 . ZDF said research it conducted with the New York Times showed that Heim died in Cairo in 1992 of intestinal cancer . Witness accounts and documents , including a passport , prove that Heim lived under the false name of Tarek Farid Hussein , ZDF said . CNN spoke to Heim 's son , Ruediger Heim , who said his father fled Germany to Egypt via France , Spain and Morocco . Ruediger Heim told CNN he visited his father in Cairo several times , including in the final weeks of his life when the terminal cancer was discovered . The German investigators said they were was checking the new information . "  This information has not yet been verified due to time constraints , " the office said in a statement . But German authorities said they already had hints that Heim was living and working in Egypt . The office said it received information in 1965 and 1967 indicating Heim was working in the country , but Egyptian authorities at the time , acting on a German request , did not find any conclusive evidence . "  Our main goal now is , in cooperation with the Egyptian authorities ,  to  identify the remains of Aribert Heim , " the office said . The chief Nazi hunter at the Simon Wiesenthal Center , Efraim Zuroff , said the news about Heim 's death , if true , is deeply disappointing . "  I personally feel a tremendous sense of disappointment that he escaped justice , " Zuroff told CNN . But he emphasized that he had not seen the evidence that Heim was dead . "  There is no body and no grave , so we ca n't do a DNA test , " he said , adding that "  there are people who have a vested interest in convincing us that he is no longer alive . " He said he expects to see the documentary evidence of Heim 's death on Thursday . Heim would be 94 years old if he were still alive . Zuroff described Heim as "  the most wanted Nazi war criminal , " and said the Simon Wiesenthal Center was about to raise the reward for information about him from $ 315,000  $ 405,000  to $ 1 million  $ 1.3 million  when it heard the reports of his death . During World War II Heim was a doctor at the Mauthausen concentration camp , where he was known to inmates as "  Dr. Death " for performing often-fatal experiments on prisoners . After the war , he was initially cleared of wrongdoing , but in 1962 German authorities issued an arrest warrant for him . CNN Berlin Bureau Chief Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	German broadcaster reports Nazi hiding in Egypt died in 1992 Aribert Heim known to inmates as "  Dr. Death " performed experiments on prisoners ZDF reports he lived lived in Cairo as Tarek Farid Hussein ; died of cancer Nazi hunter groups says it expects to see documentary evidence Thursday
CNN  -- Visiting New Hampshire , it appears that Mitt Romney is well poised to sweep through the Granite State , and probably South Carolina and Florida , on toward the nomination . But the campaign here suggests that , as he looks toward November , darkish clouds loom on the horizon . New Hampshire voters love to surprise , and perhaps they will again this time . Some 37 % remain undecided  according to a WMUR/UNH poll released Friday  , and one can never be certain how many independents will vote nor whom they will support -- especially with Romney making several unforced errors in the past 48 hours . Still , he has been a steady front-runner for months : His Massachusetts background makes him nearly a favorite son for many New Hampshire Republicans , and far more than in Iowa , his message of job creation resonates in this hard-hit state . He is almost cruising to victory . So , the first question the press is asking is not whether he will win but by how much . If his vote total is in the mid-30s or better and he wins by double digits , the media will call it a major victory ; if above 40 , he will "  crush . " Only if he goes below 30 , and that seems unlikely , will be he be seriously hurt . Follow developments on the CNN Political Ticker 's live blog The related question is how others will stack up behind him . If there has been real news so far in New Hampshire , it is the lackluster performance of Rick Santorum . Typically , a candidate who came out of nowhere in Iowa to nearly win  what a difference those eight votes have made  would have built on that momentum in the first primary state . But Santorum appears to have plateaued and may even be fading . That means the conservatives still do n't have a darling to rally behind in South Carolina , leaving Romney once again to divide and conquer . Meanwhile , the Jon Huntsman team hopes that he can break through to second in New Hampshire or at least be in a tight cluster with Ron Paul . That would give him a chance to compete elsewhere , especially in Florida  where he first planned to have his headquarters  . But the fact that no one is yet challenging Romney for the brass ring this Tuesday means he is closing in rapidly on the nomination . Only one Republican  President Ford in 1976  has ever won back-to-back in Iowa and New Hampshire , and never before has a nonincumbent Republican done it . With a victory in South Carolina , Romney would be 3-0 . With most of his rivals already forced to scrimp and save , who could raise enough money to take him on after that ? Even so , one can not escape the sense in New Hampshire that if he is the nominee , Romney and his team still have serious work to do if they want to defeat President Obama . That was instantly apparent Sunday afternoon when Romney appeared with Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey at a rally in Exeter , New Hampshire , drawing one of the biggest crowds of his campaign . While supportive of their guy , the crowd seemed relatively quiet , almost subdued , a sharp contrast to the electric rallies that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama held four years ago . Granted , the Democrats were locked in a much closer race . But several veterans of New Hampshire politics say that the energy is n't flowing as it has in years past . That is consistent with a Pew poll announced Monday that found only 51 % of Republicans and Republican-leaning voters nationwide rating this year 's candidates as excellent or good , compared to 68 % four years ago  and compared to 78 % on the Democratic side in 2008  . Another striking  and related  impression on Sunday came with the speaking lineup . Normally , as a special guest , Christie would have taken the microphone first , warmed up the crowd , and then introduced the candidate , who would turn up the juice and send people marching into the night . Instead , Romney spoke first , delivering a fairly boilerplate homily before handing off to Christie , who delivered a barn-burner  listening , one got the sense the GOP convention keynote may be in his future  . Wisely , the Romney campaign prevented the narrative from becoming "  Romney opens for Christie " by asking Ann Romney to close out the evening , which she did so with warmth and grace . Still , the odd sequencing begged the question that has been nagging the former Massachusetts governor for what feels like centuries now : Can he connect with voters strongly enough to win a general election ? The other issue that arises for Romney is whether he can unite his party behind him . We have seen for some time that this is a fractured , motley field of candidates , but , listening to different campaigns  and their voters  , it seems clear that , just as importantly , they may well represent a philosophically fracturing party . More than one united front , the Grand Old Party right now looks more like a group in the midst of a heated battle between at least three camps : the old-line , more moderate "  Establishment " Republicans  a group that clearly favors Romney  , the growing libertarian movement  exemplified by chief hero Ron Paul  , and the more communitarian , religious phalanx of social conservatives  who propelled Santorum to near-victory in Iowa  . What casts the fissures in the party in such sharp relief is how little fondness these groups seem to have for one another : Not only is it easy to imagine a typical Romney voter looking down his nose at a Ron Paul candidacy , but evangelical voters are exactly the type Romney has so singularly struggled with  as Ron Brownstein notes , he even lost ground with them from 2008 to 2012 , judging from exit polls  , while Paul and Santorum themselves have appeared substantially more at odds with one another in the debates than either has been with Romney . By contrast , the 2008 election on the Democratic side , while hard-fought between Clinton and Obama , was still a rivalry between two groups of voters who , in terms of policy , ultimately agreed on a great deal . Despite the fact that common wisdom deems Democrats the more diverse coalition , there was little doubt that the party 's voters would stand firmly behind whichever nominee was crowned . As with the 2008 race for the Democrats , Romney 's biggest advantage this cycle is that the various voters punching ballots in the GOP primaries do have one thing in common : They desperately want a new president in the White House . For many evangelicals and libertarians , opposition to Obama will ultimately outweigh distaste for Romney , if he wins the nomination -- so he is likely to be competitive as the nominee no matter what . But winning the presidency  especially against a campaigner as able as Obama , who has been shoring up his own base of late  requires generating enthusiasm from voters , and governing well requires generating even more . Which underscores a serious concern that Romney and the president should share : that either of them , winning in a squeaker , would be hard-pressed to accomplish much with the country , and their parties , as divided as they are . Both parties talk about a country in need of a level of policy change that would traditionally require overwhelming support from voters , but nothing approaching a mandate is in sight . So even if Romney is on the glide path to the nomination , he still has a lot more work to do . If he wants to challenge Obama and become a successful president , he would need to find a way to unite his ideologically fraying party , and he 's definitely going to need to summon enough fire so that Chris Christie can start opening for him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	David Gergen , Michael Zuckerman : Romney appears to have an edge in GOP contest They say the question is how well he would fare in a race against Barack Obama Romney wound up as the opening act for Chris Christie in a New Hampshire appearance Authors : Romney needs to show he can be the headliner
CNN  -- You can sign up today to receive free credit monitoring services from the credit bureau TransUnion due to a settlement the company reached on a class-action lawsuit . The credit monitoring service offered by TransUnion is worth $ 59.75 , according to the settlement . Your credit score is the magic number that lenders use to determine what interest rate you will get on a loan . Want to see your score for free , anytime you wish ? How about free 24-hour credit monitoring services for up to a year ? You may be eligible for these services if you had an open line of credit from January 1 , 1987 until May 28 , 2008 . That means if you received a car loan , opened a department store credit card or took out a student loan in the past 21 years , you 'll qualify . This credit monitoring service will give you unlimited access to your credit report and your TransUnion credit score . You 'll also get a notice by e-mail if there have been any significant changes to your credit report , like delinquent accounts or if someone tries to open an account in your name . There are two kinds of service that you can choose : Basic service : This would provide six months of the credit monitoring service with unlimited access to your TransUnion credit report and TransUnion credit score . According to the settlement , this has a retail value of $ 59.75 . If you select this service , you 'll also be able to apply for a cash payment from the settlement fund . Enhanced service : This would provide nine months of credit monitoring services , plus a mortgage simulator service . This simulator lets you see what your mortgage rate would be based on your credit score . The service also includes access to your insurance score . This is the score that some insurance companies use to determine your rate . This option is valued at about $ 115.50 . If you select this option , you will not be eligible for a cash payment . But some experts say the value of this benefit is limited . "  The score you 're being shown is n't your FICO score , " says credit expert John Ulzheimer . And the FICO score , established by Fair Isaac , is the score that most lenders look at when extending credit . The difference between your TransUnion credit score , called TransRisk , and your FICO score wo n't be drastic . But , there could be a difference of 40-50 points , says Ulzheimer . Another problem is that there are n't many lenders who use this credit score , says Ulzheimer . In fact , he speculates that less than 5 percent of lenders will use it . "  Small lenders like credit unions or local banks may look at this score , " he says . There are simulated credit scores that you can get for free without having to give away personal information . Check out bankrate.com or credit.com . And of course , you can get your credit report from all three credit bureaus for free every year at AnnualCreditReport.com . The value in this kind of offering is that you can get an estimate of your credit standing . Consumer advocates are concerned this could cause confusion . "  I expect there are lots of people under the impression that they have excellent credit -LSB- who -RSB- get shocked when they get a car loan for much more than those with truly excellent credit would receive , " says Joe Ridout of Consumer Action , a nonprofit consumer advocacy organization . However , consumers will benefit from having their credit monitored for free . "  TransUnion has a reputable monitoring service , " says Ulzheimer . Sometimes consumers will like the experience of being updated on their credit report . Other consumers will just shrug . In the end , it 's nice to have free three months of anything . The deal ends a class-action lawsuit that was filed after TransUnion sold customer information in the form of marketing lists to other businesses . The company says it discontinued that practice in 2001 . TransUnion denied any wrongdoing . Under the terms of the agreement , the company will set up a $ 75 million fund to spread the word about the settlement and to pay attorneys and other claims . You can file your claim beginning June 16 . Go to the Web site at www.listclassaction.com . You can also call the TransUnion settlement number at 866416-3470 .	You can now apply to get free credit monitoring services for a short period The service is part of a lawsuit settlement against TransUnion Credit bureau was accused of using credit data to make , sell marketing lists Selling the information is violation of Fair Credit Reporting Act
CNN  -- After gaining the royal seal of approval from the Duchess of Cambridge last month , Ben Ainslie 's bid to bring the America 's Cup to Britain for the first time in the competition 's history has secured another important boost . The British government announced Tuesday that it would provide # 7.5 million  $ 12.8 million  of funding towards supporting the Ben Ainslie Racing team  BAR  and their new state-of-the-art base in the city of Portsmouth on the UK 's south coast . The news was widely expected after reports hinted as much in the British press over the weekend and follows on from Portsmouth City Council 's decision to give planning approval for the site of the new base . A British team has never won the 163-year-old competition despite hosting the first ever America 's Cup on its shores in 1851 . Ainslie , the most successful Olympic sailor of all time and winner of the America 's Cup in 2013 with Oracle Team USA , now hopes to change all that with his own organization when the prestigious event is next held in 2017 . Speaking alongside British prime minister David Cameron , Ainslie said he wanted to create a new sailing institution and legacy for the UK . "  We hope through our journey to bring the cup home to Britain we will inspire more young people to get involved in the sport , along with supporting the growth of the marine sector in the Solent area , " he said . Cameron , meanwhile , focused on the potential economic benefits the project could bring to Portsmouth . "  This project  will not only build on Portsmouth 's global reputation as a center of marine and maritime excellence but will also deliver a real sporting and economic boost to the UK , " he said . According to promotional material from BAR , the new headquarters will employ around 90 people directly . The base will become the focal point for the design , construction and development of the team 's boats and will also provide sports science and fitness facilities . Making the venture financially sustainable and attractive to potential investors will be vital if BAR want to compete with Oracle , which is funded by U.S. billionaire Larry Ellison . Speaking to CNN last month , Ainslie said that BAR would n't be working with "  Ellison 's budget , so we have to be very focused with the money we have . " However , he added : "  We 've never won it . We have a huge maritime history . We have to bring this thing home . " Construction work on the new base will start immediately , with planned completion in May 2015 , the team said .	Ben Ainslie Racing receives $ 12.8 million funding boost from British government Money will be used to fund new training and design facility in Portsmouth , England Olympic gold-medal winner Ainslie aims to enter British team into 2017 America 's Cup
London  CNN  -- The five surviving Monty Python comics will do five more live shows next summer -- a total of 10 -- their PR agency announced Wednesday . The British comedy troupe announced last week it would perform live at London 's O2 arena on July 1 -- the five surviving stars ' first show on stage together since appearing at the Hollywood Bowl in September 1980 . Tickets for the reunion performance , which went on sale Monday , sold out in 43 seconds . A further four dates , July 2-5 , were then added and sold out soon afterwards . The group now will also perform on July 15 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 20 , Neil Reading PR said in a news release . Tickets will go on sale Friday , it added . All shows will be at the O2 arena . "  The response to our planned reunion has been very , very silly , " member John Cleese said in the release . "  But , we 're all touched that so many fans still want to see such old people perform . " The greatness that is ` Monty Python ' Cleese , Eric Idle , Michael Palin , Terry Gilliam , Terry Jones and the late Graham Chapman became comedic legends with the creation of Monty Python 's Flying Circus in October 1969 . They produced 45 TV episodes for the BBC and five films together before going their separate ways in 1983 . The shows mostly consisted of a string of often incoherent sketches , only occasionally with conventional punch lines and loosely tied together by Gilliam 's stream of consciousness animations . Although the TV show ran for only four seasons , it proved a massive cult hit when it was shown in the United States beginning in 1974 -- just as the show was winding up on the other side of the Atlantic . Monty Python returns , promising ` comedy , music , ancient sex ' CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Marie-Louise Gumuchian in London contributed to this report	The first five show dates quickly sold out ; now there will be 10 All of the shows are scheduled for July at the O2 arena in London John Cleese : "  The response to our planned reunion has been very , very silly "
CNN  -- The scene is a familiar one : women and men decked out in traditional dirndls and lederhosen while they swig steins of beer to the toe-tapping tune of oompah bands . Must be Oktoberfest , right ? ber wrong . Starkbierzeit , loosely translated as Bavaria 's "  strong beer festival " and literally translated as "  strong beer time , " is the lesser known but notably stronger of the sud-soaked events for Mncheners . This year , Starkbierzeit began March 9 and runs until March 25 . Paulaner am Nockherberg is Munich 's most famous watering hole for the two-week Lenten celebration , which has monastic origins . The Bavarian brewery takes its name from the Paulaner monks who produced the original doppelbock called Salvator , Latin for savior . "  Doppelbocks are usually reddish-brown bottom-fermented lagers , and generally show a toffee-like , bready aroma and a rich malty palate with notable residual sweetness , " according to "  The Oxford Companion to Beer . " "  While Salvator is the most well-known doppelbock , almost 200 other breweries indicate the style by adding ' - ator ' to the beer 's name , " continues the comprehensive book . The monks brewed the high-gravity beers to provide liquid nourishment while they fasted for the 40 days of Lent . The meal-in-a-bottle , or "  liquid bread , " contains an alcohol by volume  ABV  of at least 7.5 % but often clocks in closer to the 9 % range . To put that in perspective , the typical mrzen-style beer served at Oktoberfest falls between 5 % and 6 % ABV . During the festival , participating beer halls keep shorter hours than in Oktoberfest to account for the potency of the beer served in the one-liter ceramic steins . Popular travel guide publisher Lonely Planet urges revelers in its book "  A Year of Festivals " to "  Come with good beer legs -- doppelbocks are going to really test them . " Prost !	Bavaria 's "  strong beer festival " features doppelbock The two-week Lenten celebration has monastic origins Monks brewed the high-gravity beers to provide liquid nourishment while they fasted
CNN  -- Remember when oil giant BP paid billions of dollars to clean up its own mess from the 2010 Gulf oil spill ? Then the company agreed to plead guilty to criminal charges and pay an unprecedented $ 4 billion fine for the spill . In the latest development , Wednesday , BP was essentially told to stand in the corner when it comes to winning new federal contracts -- a potentially huge blow to the company 's bottom line . And it 's still likely on the hook for civil penalties the federal government hopes to recover for environmental damages . So , is BP being punished enough for the deadly and destructive Deepwater Horizon spill , or too much ? It depends on who you ask . This matters . BP says it supports nearly a quarter of a million American jobs and has invested $ 52 billion in the United States since 2007 . Experts suggest punishments ranging from massive fines to banning the company from offshore drilling . However this all shakes out , it likely will send a powerful message to the industry . Families of killed rig workers react to BP settlement First , here 's what happened Wednesday : The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said it will block BP from new government contracts due to its "  lack of business integrity " stemming from the 2010 explosion and oil spill . It was a tragedy that killed 11 oil workers and dumped 205 million gallons of oil into the Gulf in a slow-moving , 85-day national drama that prosecutors called the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history . This month has n't been good to BP . The decision follows the London-based company 's agreement November 15 to plead guilty to criminal charges including manslaughter , obstruction of Congress and environmental violations related to the explosion and spill -- an agreement that still requires a judge 's approval . What it means Wednesday 's EPA decision means BP wo n't be allowed to compete for new contracts , grants or other business until the company shows it meets federal business standards . As of February , BP had $ 9 billion in contracts to supply the U.S. government with fuel , most of it destined for military users , said Christine Tiscareno , a London-based analyst with S&P Capital IQ . Those contracts are n't affected by the EPA decision , the agency said . BP said it 's already filed paperwork to get back in good graces with the EPA , said the agency is already preparing an administrative agreement to lift the suspension and highlighted what the company says it 's done to rectify the situation . "  As BP 's submissions to the EPA have made clear , the company has made significant enhancements since the accident , " the company said in a statement . "  The company launched an internal investigation immediately after the accident , publicly released the results , and has been implementing all 26 of the investigation 's recommendations . " What 's ahead The next big step in the case comes in February , when a civil trial is expected to begin over the government 's demand for civil damages under the Clean Water Act . That case could draw huge new fines for the company . The disaster , in addition to claiming 11 lives , caused disruption to countless residents and businesses , many of whom counted on the Gulf for their livelihoods , whether in the oil fields , fishing grounds or tourist beaches . For some , including environmentalists , the company could n't be fined enough or spend enough money to get back on their good side . "  Well , you know , we 're discussing the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history , " said Matt Dundas , acting campaign director at the environmental group Oceana . "  The punishment needs to fit the crime . " But , he said , the record $ 4 billion fine BP is expected to pay as a result of the criminal case is a tenth of the maximum it could have faced , making it small consolation to BP 's harshest critics . The fine , while a record for the U.S. justice system , represents less than three months worth of profits for BP . The company reported $ 5.2 billion in profits in the quarter that ended September 30 . Dundas is now rooting for the maximum possible verdict in the civil case -- $ 50 billion in fines . But he says there 's only one punishment that would really get BP and other oil companies to sit up and take steps to prevent what Dundas says is the overwhelming risk of another large oil spill : being kicked out of the game entirely . "  I think a terrific minimum would be to bar them from offshore drilling , " he said . "  That 's really the only standard that 's going to get oil companies to pay attention . " The head of a trade association representing BP and other oil and gas operators in Louisiana and the Gulf of Mexico said Wednesday that BP has already complied with government requirements . "  BP has done everything that the federal government has asked and more . ... This new EPA designation is another layer , " said Chris John , president of the Louisiana Mid-Continent Oil and Gas Association . "  How much is enough , when the economy in America is trying to dig out of the recession , and energy ... is a very important component to getting Americans back to work ? " The EPA 's decision could have a negative impact beyond BP , he said , affecting other companies in the industry who have also complied with regulators . "  The companies that operate out in the Gulf of Mexico , they can go anywhere , they 're global . They can drill anywhere in the world , " John said . "  They have chosen to come back to the Gulf in the past few years . ... This additional statement and designation by the EPA has to play into their decision of where to put their capital . " BP did n't directly address whether it believes it has paid enough for the disaster , but noted Wednesday that it has spent $ 14 billion in response and cleanup costs , $ 1 million on restoration projects and $ 9 billion in compensation and expects to spend $ 7.8 billion more to resolve the majority of outstanding claims . Owning up The company also pointed out it has acknowledged criminal responsibility , carried out recommendations made by investigators who studied the incident and has taken actions to strengthen safety and drilling standards that exceed federal regulations . Tiscareno , the oil analyst , said that while the costs to BP have been steep , they are bearable for the company . The big question is what happens in February , when the civil case goes to trial . Tiscareno said she expects BP , which has taken a long-term approach to recovering from the spill , will recover financially unless the civil trial nets an "  irrational " decision . A huge verdict could pose problems for BP , Tiscareno said , but she said the government ca n't go too far in gutting the firm because of all the jobs and tax revenues the company provides . BP has invested $ 52 billion in the U.S. in the last five years , employs 23,000 U.S. residents and indirectly supports nearly 250,000 jobs , the company said Wednesday . "  The U.S. needs BP as much as BP needs the U.S. , " Tiscareno said . CNN 's Kendra Wates and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Trade association : "  BP has done everything that the federal government has asked " Two years after the oil spill , experts weigh in on possible punishments for BP BP says it expects the temporary ban will be lifted soon The EPA says the oil giant showed a "  lack of business integrity "
CNN  -- In the escalating conflict between the White House and Congress over Operation Fast and Furious , the stakes are high for each side . On Thursday , the House plans to vote on whether Attorney General Eric Holder should be held in contempt of Congress for refusing to turn over Justice Department documents related to the controversial gun-walking program . Congressional lawmakers leading the charge see themselves as fulfilling a core prerogative of the legislative branch : to conduct investigations of possible wrongdoing or incompetence within the executive branch . The House , they would argue , can not properly fulfill this duty without access to key documents . The Obama administration also sees itself as carrying out important institutional functions of the executive branch : to protect the privacy of internal deliberations and enable the Justice Department to conduct its own inquiry without outside meddling . To some political observers , this skirmish is just another political ploy by a Republican-led committee that wants to embarrass the president in an election year . Others disagree and see the president as acting in bad faith by asserting executive privilege to withhold the documents . Fortune : The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal Inevitably , executive privilege disputes result in accusations of political gamesmanship . It 's impossible to know the true motivations of those involved , but we can evaluate the constitutional merits of the president 's action . Executive privilege has a long history in our system of separated powers . The phrase never actually was used until the Eisenhower era , but presidents going back to George Washington have at times exercised some form of what we now call executive privilege . It is recognized as the right of the president and certain high-level executive branch officials to withhold information  documents and testimony  from those who have compulsory power -- Congressional committees or judicial entities such as special prosecutors . Some of the most contentious disputes in U.S. history -- Watergate , the Monica Lewinsky scandal -- have centered on executive privilege claims . Presidents marshal support for executive privilege claims by arguing that the requested documents or testimony encompass one or more of the following : presidential communications , internal deliberations , national security matters and information pertaining to an ongoing law enforcement investigation . Obama 's claim on the Fast and Furious documents relies on the internal deliberative process rationale and the ongoing law enforcement investigation defense . Ultimately , the president 's claim fails because it is too broad and does not overcome the strong presumption in favor of congressional access to information when there are allegations of misconduct in the executive branch . Furthermore , the longstanding standard for any executive privilege claim is that the president must be protecting information that , if released publicly , would cause some substantial harm to our national interest . The president can not assert this power merely to avoid the release of potentially embarrassing or politically inconvenient details . What happens if Holder is cited ? Fast and Furious is a department-level program seemingly far removed from presidential oversight and direction . The very act of Obama using executive privilege in this case creates so many questions that Congress would be negligent in its duties to not press the president to properly explain his position or disclose the subpoenaed documents . As for the accusation that House Republicans could be playing politics , that is certainly plausible . But concerns about a Justice Department program that appears to be designed to allow government-owned guns to be given to Mexican gangs , without a plan for how these weapons would be tracked , overcome any argument about the political motivations . Any discussion about the program being "  botched " is mere speculation until Congress receives all the relevant documents about how it was formulated and implemented . Finally , even if the Obama administration 's account of Fast and Furious is accurate , what is the point of stonewalling Congress ? Holder has already given the House some documents , which entail the deliberative process , so the primary justification for making the executive privilege claim seems makeweight . Only full disclosure will help to reveal the truth of what happened with Fast and Furious , and from there , perhaps Congress will be able hold government officials accountable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark J. Rozell and Mitchel A. Sollenberger .	The House plans to vote on whether to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt Mark Rozell , Mitchel Sollenberger : Congressional lawmakers are seeking truth Obama can not assert executive privilege just to hide embarrassing details , they say Rozell , Sollenberger : Disclosure will reveal what happened with the botched operation
CNN  -- As he works around the clock trying to reach 33 trapped miners in Chile , an image flashes through Brandon Fisher 's mind : the clothes he saw hanging in their lockers . They left them behind on August 5 , the day they went into the depths of the gold and copper mine . "  Seeing things like that , it really gets you thinking , " he said in an interview with CNN . Outside the mine , family members are keeping vigil at a place they call "  Camp Hope . " Meanwhile , Fisher and a small crew of American drillers are the tip of the spear for Plan B , one of the three drilling teams racing to rescue the miners buried 2,300 feet below the ground . On Thursday , Chilean Mining Minister Laurence Golborne said the Plan B drill was expected to break through into the area where the miners are trapped by Saturday . It 's a moment Fisher and other rescuers have been looking forward to for weeks . Fisher said the Schramm T-130 rig -- normally used for boring water holes -- was 61 meters  200 feet  away from its target Thursday night . It appeared likely that it would reach the miners ahead of the Plan A drill , normally used for drilling ventilation chimneys in mines and the Plan C method , normally used to drill for oil . "  You ca n't predict the down times , the breakages , the formation issues , " Fisher said . "  I 've felt since we got here , that as long as we had some luck on our side , we 'd have a good chance of breaking through first . " Fisher is based in Berlin , Pennsylvania , in the heart of the state 's mining country , thousands of miles from Chile . His company , Center Rock Inc. , aided in the rescue of nine miners who were trapped for more than four days after the 2002 collapse of the Quecreek Mine . He has drilled oil , gas and water holes -- and the foundation for the Trump Tower in Chicago , Illinois . But those assignments pale in comparison to the difficulties of rescuing 33 men who became trapped when the copper and gold mine they were working in collapsed around them . Even in the toughest times at the Atacama Desert mine , he said , thinking about the workers and their families has fueled rescuers ' efforts . "  That quickly sets you to where you need to be , " he said . "  You look down at your feet and you realize that 2,000 feet below us , there 's 33 guys that are in a whole hell of a lot worse situation than we are . " Depending on whether engineers decide to encase the rescue shaft with steel casing , the 33 miners could be extracted from the collapsed San Jose gold and copper mine between two and 10 days after breakthrough . Fisher , who only knows a few Spanish words , said he 's still not sure what he 'll say when they meet face-to-face . "  I think it 's just going to be a lot of handshakes and hugs ... It 's going to be an absolutely overwhelming sensation , " he said . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	Chile 's mining minister says the Plan B drill could break through Saturday Brandon Fisher of Pennsylvania-based Center Rock Inc. is on the Plan B drilling team He says the miners and their families are inspiring rescuers
CNN  -- A suicide car bombing targeting a coalition convoy in the heart of Afghanistan 's capital on Thursday killed at least 12 people , six Americans and six Afghans , authorities said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said two U.S. service members working with ISAF and four ISAF-contracted civilians died in the Kabul bombing The four were Americans working with DynCorp International , a contracting firm based in Falls Church , Virginia , the company said . The people worked on a program that provided mentors and trainers to support the development of Afghanistan 's Defense Ministry . Three of those people were wounded . An Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman said at least six Afghan civilians were killed and 30 were injured , an Interior Ministry spokesman said . The fatalities included at least two children . ISAF commander Gen. Joseph Dunford said "  insurgents deliberately exploded a bomb today in a residential area of the most populated city in Afghanistan , " killing and wounding dozens of Afghans . "  The insurgents use these desperate and indiscriminate acts of violence to slow the momentum of Afghanistan 's progress . The insurgents can not offer the Afghan people a better future . All they can offer is violence and oppression . " The insurgent group Hezb-e Islami , led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , claimed responsibility for the attack A one-time prime minister , Hekmatyar has been against the government and the presence of the foreign forces in Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . He is not under the Taliban leadership , but operates alongside them . The incident comes during the Taliban 's spring offensive . "  We had planned this for days before we got a chance to target American advisers , " said Haroon Zarghon , a spokesman for the group .	NEW : 6 Americans died in the attack and 6 Afghans Insurgent group claims responsibility Many Afghan civilians were killed and wounded , ISAF said
CNN  -- A U.S. Border Patrol agent believed killed in a friendly fire shooting near the Arizona-Mexico border died of a gunshot wound to the head , an autopsy report revealed . The report released Wednesday by the Pima County Medical Examiner 's office determined Nicholas J. Ivie , 30 , of Provo , Utah , died from what was described as a "  penetrating gunshot wound of the head involving the brain . " Ivie was killed and another agent was wounded on October 2 in a shootout near Naco , Arizona , after responding to a sensor that had gone off near the border , according to U.S. Customs and Border Enforcement . The FBI has said there are strong indications in its preliminary investigation that Ivie was killed as a result of an accidental shooting that involved only Border Patrol agents . At the time , a law enforcement official said investigators at the scene found only shell casings believed to have been fired by the Border Patrol agents . Ivie was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry , whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting . Ivie was the 14th agent killed in the line of duty since 2008 , including three this year .	Nicholas J. Ivie was killed last month near the Arizona-Mexico border An initial investigation suggests he was killed in a friendly-fire shooting , the FBI says The Pima County Medical Examiner 's office says Ivie died of a gunshot to the head
With all due respect , thanks but no thanks . That 's the message from the Children 's Hospital Los Angeles after it was deluged with pizzas . It started all when Lauren Hammersley taped a message to the hospital room window of her 2-year-old daughter Hazel , a cancer patient . "  Send Pizza . RM 4112 . " On Saturday , a Reddit user took a picture of the window from the street . And word spread . Fast . Reddit users , who have a longstanding mission to "  restore faith in humanity , one slice at a time " with their "  Random Acts of Pizza , " delivered . Study : Reddit used by 6 % of adult Internet users They leapt in to action for Hazel Hammersley . One pizza arrived . Then another . And another . By the time more than 20 pizzas had been delivered , the hospital had to issue a statement on their website , urging everyone to stop . "  You 've made a little girl very happy but NO MORE PIZZA IS NEEDED , " the hospital said . "  The Hammersley family will be going to bed very full and very thankful for the compassion they received today . " Hazel was diagnosed in April with Stage 3 neuroblastoma , a type of cancer found predominantly in young children and infants . She will soon begin her fifth round of chemotherapy treatment . On her blog "  Our Little Hazelnut , " mother Lauren Hammersley wrote : "  We have been absolutely humbled and surprised by the outpouring of love and support from the online community and can only hope and pray that this brings awareness to Neuroblastoma and the Childhood Cancer Community . " She also said the family was able to share in the fun with other families in their ward . "  Several other children and nurses came into the room , with music playing , and had themselves a wonderful Pizza Party , " she said . It was a sight that melted hearts like mozzarella . After disasters , hospitals pay it forward with pizza Read more : Meet the man who saved the bunnies	Mother tapes "  Send Pizza " message on Los Angeles hospital window She was at hospital for her 2-year-old daughter Hazel , a cancer patient Reddit user snaps photo of sign , and Redditors leap into action Hospital is soon swamped with more than 20 pizzas
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The murder of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu in Tracy , California , has brought America 's Amber Alert program under the microscope . Sandra vanished in broad daylight on March 27 . Surveillance video from that afternoon showed her happily skipping to go play at her friend 's house . After she failed to return home , her family alerted the authorities , but an Amber Alert was not issued . Ten days later , Sandra 's body was found stuffed inside a piece of luggage in an irrigation ditch near her home . The frantic search for the killer may be over , as police arrested Melissa Huckaby on April 10 and charged her with murder . This horrifying case raises the question -- why did n't police issue an Amber Alert when Sandra vanished ? Tracy Police have done an excellent job in this case , but could that have made a difference in saving this girl 's life ? First , we must examine what an Amber Alert does . According to amberalert.gov , the program is a "  partnership between law-enforcement agencies , broadcasters , transportation agencies , and the wireless industry , to activate an urgent bulletin " and is saved for "  the most serious child abduction cases . " The goal is to blitz the area with information to spark a community-wide search . Secondarily , the alerts serve as deterrents . Some abductors have actually freed the kidnapped child after hearing or seeing the alert . This happened in California in January when a man abducted an 8-year-old girl . After observing a highway sign broadcasting an Amber Alert for the girl , the suspect dropped the girl off in San Jose before turning himself in to police . In California , where Sandra was murdered , 141 children have been safely recovered as a result of Amber Alerts since 2002 , according to the California Highway Patrol . The Amber Alert Web site claims the program has saved more than 430 children nationwide and that in 2007 , 80 percent of kids alerted were recovered safely within three days . That is incredibly fast and effective -- two words that are n't often used to describe a government program . With such a high success rate , some may wonder why the program is n't used more frequently . A grisly case like the Sandra Cantu murder only intensifies this debate . The main reason for the limited use of the program is that Amber Alert cases must meet very specific criteria . Otherwise , the alerts will be issued too often , creating a "  boy who cried wolf " scenario . People will become desensitized and stop taking the alerts seriously . After all , Department of Justice reports about 800,000 missing child cases any given year . Very few of those -- slightly more than 100 -- are stereotypical "  kidnappings . " Over half of the 800,000 are kids who ran away , or simply lost track of time , or are part of custody disputes . But the DOJ 's Amber Alert guidelines are designed to focus on those rare abductions by strangers or slight acquaintances . To maintain this focus , the department recommends that Amber Alerts only be issued when the child is at risk of serious injury or death and law enforcement has sufficient descriptive information about the child , abductor or abductor 's vehicle . Some argue that Sandra 's case met those criteria . But it 's easy to Monday-morning quarterback . The fact is , Tracy Police made a swift arrest and should be applauded . They used the full extent of their resources to try to safely recover Sandra , including dispensing an electronic alert to West Coast law enforcement agencies , heading a massive search effort and speaking to the media . We 'll never know for sure if an Amber Alert would have saved Sandra 's life . Police now say it appears she died before the search even began . Nevertheless , this case does suggest the Amber Alert system can be improved by refining some of the gray areas . For instance , the DOJ has guidelines , but states are free to tweak them . That 's why you 'll often hear law enforcement in some states say they ca n't issue an Amber Alert without a vehicle description , while others do n't follow that rule . All state law enforcement agencies should have to adhere exactly to one set of rules . The guidelines are supposedly in place to minimize delays and confusion between jurisdictions . Well , you know what would really minimize delays and confusion ? A single , uniform system . Secondly , with today 's technology , the Amber Alert program must be expanded . We 're no longer just talking about highway signs and C.B. radio . Agencies should harness GPS and wireless technology , to the point that everyone with a cell phone or BlackBerry will receive a notification when there is an Amber Alert in the area . Lastly , the program is a voluntary partnership . Why not make it mandatory for all agencies that have the capability to use the system ? There is no denying the Amber Alert program is a shining example of how a government initiative is supposed to work . Let 's just make sure we harness its full capabilities . Our children deserve nothing less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : Some ask why no Amber Alert issued for missing Sandra Cantu She says alerts are only issued in certain clearly defined circumstances Velez-Mitchell : Amber Alerts have saved many children 's lives She says the program should be refined to make it even better
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Tuesday called a six-month halt on deepwater drilling "  needed , appropriate and within our authorities " in announcing he will issue a new order on a moratorium just hours after a federal judge blocked such a mandate . "  We see clear evidence every day , as oil spills from BP 's well , of the need for a pause on deepwater drilling , " Salazar said in a statement . "  That evidence mounts as BP continues to be unable to stop its blowout , notwithstanding the huge efforts and help from the federal scientific team and most major oil companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico . " Salazar 's statement did not give an exact date for when the new order would be imposed , saying only "  in the coming days . " He promised that the new order will include evidence that "  eliminates any doubt that a moratorium is needed , appropriate , and within our authorities . " U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman in New Orleans , Louisiana issued a preliminary injunction Tuesday against the ban , which halted all drilling in more than 500 feet of water and prevented new permits from being issued . The White House said it would appeal the ruling . President Barack Obama ordered the moratorium after the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon , an oil rig off Louisiana . Eleven people died in the blast , which triggered an underwater oil gusher . Brian Collins , an attorney for the Justice Department , insisted Monday that the suspension is necessary while officials conduct a safety review . But a group of companies that provides boats and equipment to the offshore drilling industry filed a lawsuit claiming the government has no evidence that existing operations pose a threat to the Gulf of Mexico and asked the court to declare the moratorium invalid and unenforceable . Feldman agreed , writing in his ruling , "  an invalid agency decision to suspend drilling of wells in depths of over 500 feet simply can not justify the immeasurable effect on the plaintiffs , the local economy , the Gulf region , and the critical present-day aspect of the availability of domestic energy in this country . " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the government will immediately appeal the ruling to the 5th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . "  The president strongly believes , as the Department of Interior and Department of Justice argued yesterday , that continuing to drill at these depths without knowing what happened does not make any sense , " Gibbs said . Such drilling "  puts the safety of those involved , potentially puts safety of those on the rigs and the safety of the environment and the Gulf at a danger that the president does not believe we can afford right now . " In issuing the ruling , Feldman said , "  the court is unable to divine or fathom a relationship between the findings  of the government  and the immense scope of the moratorium . The plaintiffs assert that they have suffered and will continue to suffer irreparable harm as a result of the moratorium . The court agrees . " Transocean President Steve Newman , whose company owned the Deepwater Horizon , said Tuesday that he supported ending the moratorium , and the office of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal filed a brief in support of blocking the moratorium . Jindal and Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , were among those asking the Obama administration Tuesday not to appeal the ruling . "  I 'm going to strongly urge the administration not to appeal this ruling , but to try to find a way forward that would achieve the president 's goals for safety and responsibility , but at the same time would not jeopardize and threaten a very vibrant and necessary industry for decades , " Landrieu told reporters during a conference call . iReport : In the Gulf ? Share your experience with BP Legendary Texas oil and gas executive T. Boone Pickens also said such a ban is not needed . "  The accident that BP has had could be likened to qualified pilots in an airliner and they have pilot error , " he told CNN 's "  Campbell Brown " program Tuesday night . "  An  airliner crashes , starts a 50,000-acre forest fire and we shut down all flying ? No more airlines until we have six months to see what happened ? " Ken Wells , the president of the Offshore Marine Service Association , said Tuesday that while the ruling is positive for his group -- which represents many of the ships that service oil rigs -- the decision is "  tempered by the realization this is a big , strong government . And if they want to keep fighting on this , they will keep fighting . " Wells told CNN that many of the small business owners and workers who support the rigs felt "  like innocent bystanders in all this , " adding that many of them are losing their jobs left and right . He said Feldman 's decision "  may help our industry survive . " Government estimates indicate as much as 60,000 barrels  2.5 million gallons  of oil may be flowing into the Gulf every day , and the gusher has already taken a serious toll on tourism and the fishing industry in Gulf Coast states . BP said Tuesday it had collected 25,830 barrels -- 1.08 million gallons -- of oil from the gushing undersea well over the past 24 hours . The amount is the most ever collected ; the previous record was set Thursday when 25,290 barrels were collected . The company announced Tuesday that it will donate net revenues it receives from the sale of oil recovered from the spill to the National Fish and Wildlife Federation . Also Tuesday , protesters in London , England , briefly disrupted an oil conference that BP CEO Tony Hayward pulled out of a day earlier . Just before the welcoming speech by BP chief of staff Steve Westwell , who was standing in for Hayward at the World National Oil Companies Congress , a woman got on stage and started shouting . Security quickly removed her . The woman was Greenpeace campaigner Emma Gibson , who told the crowd that "  because BP is incapable of telling you the truth , I 'm going to tell you what you need to know . " Hayward decided not to attend the conference because of his "  commitment to the Gulf of Mexico relief effort , " a BP spokesman said Monday . Westwell started his speech by apologizing on Hayward 's behalf for him not being at the conference . He said the past few weeks have been "  extremely difficult for BP . " "  It has been hugely shocking for us , for America , and for the rest of the world , " Westwell said . "  Everyone at BP is devastated , and we deeply regret what 's happened . Our hearts go out to those who have lost loved ones . And we are profoundly aware of our responsibilities to those people whose livelihoods and neighborhoods have suffered . " Kenneth Feinberg , who is overseeing BP 's $ 20 billion escrow claims fund , met with Alabama Gov. Bob Riley on Tuesday in what Riley described as a "  very , very productive meeting " to discuss ways to accelerate the claims payment process . "  I will be back quickly to spend as much time as it takes to make sure that this program is designed and implemented in an expeditious manner , " Feinberg said . BP said in a statement Monday that costs from the disaster now total about $ 2 billion , including the cost of the response , containment , relief well drilling , grants to Gulf states , claims paid and federal costs . To date , more than 65,000 claims have been submitted and more than 32,000 payments totaling more than $ 105 million have been made , the company said . Elsewhere , a spokesman for Iran 's foreign ministry said the Islamic republic , which has chilly relations with the United States , would consider helping America with the oil spill if asked , according to the Iranian Labour News Agency . "  The difficult solution of an oil spill , from the standpoint that it 's a humanitarian problem , persuades all countries to offer help , " ILNA quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast as saying . CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Eric Marrapodi , Chris Lawrence , Alan Silverleib , Matthew Chance , Vivian Kuo and Ethan Harp contributed to this report .	NEW : Salazar says ban is "  needed " and "  appropriate " Judge blocks government 's temporary ban on deepwater drilling White House says it will appeal decision Louisiana governor , senator , urge administration not to appeal
CNN  -- For many people , New Year 's Eve can be disappointing -- there 's so much hype in the lead-up to the event that when it actually comes around , it often falls short of the mark . Madding crowds , endless taxi lines and even longer lines to get to the bathroom -- it 's no wonder so many people choose to stay at home with a good movie and a bottle of bubbles . Howvever , certain destinations around the world offer such spectacular greetings to the new year , that you may want to seriously consider braving the throngs for a front-row seat . Hong Kong Hong Kong 's harbor dazzles for most of the year , but on December 31 it really glows . This year , for the first time , the city 's midnight fireworks display will journey across town , beginning at the sea and moving along Victoria Harbour to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre in Wan Chai . The best places to view the action ? The Hong Kong Cultural Centre Piazza , the promenade from the Avenue of Stars to Hong Kong Cultural Centre , the promenade at Golden Bauhinia Square in Wan Chai and the area near Central Pier . Come back in February to witness the whole spectacle again as the city prepares to ring in the Chinese New Year  February 10  . See also : 10 unforgettable Hong Kong experiences New York More than one million people brave sub-zero temperatures to be part of New York 's ball drop celebrations on New Year 's Eve , with live entertainment this year provided by the likes of Taylor Swift , Psy and the Neon Trees . As it has done for the past 105 years , the ball -- some 3.6 meters in diameter , studded with 2,688 Waterford crystals and lit by 32,256 LEDs -- descends from the flagpole atop One Times Square , dropping 21 meters in 60 seconds . At the stroke of midnight , a blizzard of colorful confetti is released from the rooftops and party-goers are treated to renditions of Auld Lang Syne and Frank Sinatra 's New York , New York . Berlin Berliners warm up on New Year 's Eve with the annual Berliner Silvesterlauf : a fancy dress running race that sees participants flipping pancakes along the way . In the evening , party gear replaces gorilla suits as the city descends on the Brandenburg Gate for one of the world 's largest open-air celebrations . This year , a stage at Pariser Platz will host international and local musicians , while DJs entertain crowds along the city 's "  Party Mile " : a two kilometer strip of dancefloors , stages and bars behind the Brandenburg . As midnight approaches , a laser and light show brightens the sky , with more than 2,000 fireworks and a New York-style ball drop as the clock strikes 12 . See also : The inside guide to Berlin London It 's been a big year for London , having hosted the Olympic and Paralympic Games as well as the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations . And the English capital intends to see out 2012 with more pomp and ceremony . Secure a riverside perch , book a Thames cruise or even better , secure a spot at the London Sky Bar -- the views from here are unmatched -- and count down to the annual fireworks display launched from the foot of the 135-meter-tall London Eye Ferris wheel . With 2013 in full swing , hit the streets for the New Year 's Day parade , which will see more than 10,000 musicians , dancers and acrobats take over the town for the 2013 event , themed "  Hats Off To London -- Celebration Capital of the World . " Edinburgh Edinburgh is cast aglow at its annual New Year 's Eve  Hogmanay  festivities , which kick off on December 30 with a torchlight procession involving more than 25,000 locals . The parade is led by Shetland 's Up Helly Aa vikings , with their pipes and drums , and culminates atop Calton Hill with a fireworks display . There 's more to come on New Year 's Eve , when an expected 80,000 people will take to the streets to sing Auld Lang Syne -- apparently the biggest and loudest rendition of the song in the world -- and party ; this year , entertainment comes courtesy of British bands the Maccabees and the OK Social Club , while Simple Minds will headline at the city 's Concert in the Gardens . Sydney If there 's a famous Australian who knows how to have a good time , it 's Kylie Minogue . And this year , the pint-sized pop star is the creative ambassador for Sydney 's New Year 's Eve extravaganza . Prepare to party . The entertainment launches early in the day with a series of aerial acrobatic shows , followed by a traditional indigenous cleansing ceremony : smoke flows across the harbor from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander vessels , removing the water of negative spirits . There 's an early fireworks show for families and a flotilla of boats is transformed with waves of color and light , but the real draw is the midnight fireworks show on Sydney Harbour Bridge . This year 's theme is a guarded secret , although according to organizers it will include "  exciting new effects . " See also : Sydney 's craft beer week Samoa Samoa went back to the future last year when it skipped a full day , changed sides of the International Date Line and went from being the last country to the first to see in the New Year . If you 're visiting the island nation on December 31 this year you can look forward to events that are less about fireworks and fanfare and more about family . After visiting elders , Samoans traditionally welcome January 1 with song and prayer services at large , and loud , choral exhibitions . You wo n't go hungry -- village banquets are very generous -- or thirsty for that matter , with all festivities beginning and ending with a kava ceremony . Do n't forget your ukulele . Kyoto In Kyoto , New Year 's Eve revelers are encouraged to make some noise . Crowds flock to the city 's shrines , where stalls sell omikuji  fortune notes  and taiyaki  fish-shaped pancakes with green tea , chocolate or red bean fillings  . As the clock ticks toward 2013 , temples across town ring large bronze bells 108 times , a Buddhist tradition said to rid humans of earthly desires . The Yasaka Shrine and Chion-in Temple are particularly busy on December 31 -- the latter features a bell that weighs more than 70 tons and takes a team of 17 monks to strike it , crying out "  Ee hitotsu "  One more !  and "  S	CNN has highlighted 10 top destinations in which to welcome 2013 Popular musicians Psy , Taylor Swift and Simple Minds are booked to perform at events around the globe Revelers in Hong Kong , Sydney and Dubai will be treated to spectacular firework displays
CNN  -- Google chairman Eric Schmidt has declared Android the winner in its mobile war with Apple . In an interview with Bloomberg , Schmidt said Google 's mobile platform is widening its lead over Apple in the mobile-software market . He compared its success to the way Microsoft dominated the iPhone maker in the desktop business two decades ago . "  This is a huge platform change ; this is of the scale of 20 years ago -- Microsoft versus Apple , " he said . "  We 're winning that pretty clearly now . " Recent statistics support Schmidt 's optimism , with Android capturing 72 % of worldwide market share in the third quarter , while Apple took 14 % , according to Gartner , which conducts information technology research . Unlike Apple , Google does not make its money on hardware ; for this reason , it is willing to give away Android because the OS ' widespread use helps the company make more money from ads . "  The core strategy is to make a bigger pie , " Schmidt said . "  We will end up with a not perfectly controlled and not perfectly managed bigger pie by virtue of open systems . " Despite his confidence , however , other reports suggest that Apple is gaining ground in the U.S. smartphone market , particularly since its release of the iPhone 5 . During the interview , Google 's chairman also called social-networking service Google + a "  viable competitor to Facebook . " Which company do you think is winning the mobile war : Android or Apple ?  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google chairman Eric Schmidt says Android has beaten Apple Schmidt : "  We 're winning that pretty clearly now " Android has 72 percent of world mobile market Apple has gained in the U.S. since iPhone 5 release
The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia threw out one count of genocide against former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic on Thursday , the court said . He still faces another count of genocide over the massacre of nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica , and nine other charges related to ethnic violence during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . He had filed a motion seeking acquittal on all 11 counts , but was successful on only one . Judges heard evidence that forces loyal to Karadzic systematically discriminated against Bosnian Muslims and Croats , but ruled the level of abuse did not amount to genocide . Srebrenica became an emblem for the dissolution of Yugoslavia -- once a multiethnic state of Serbs , Croats , Muslims and others -- into six countries during a bloody and brutal conflict in the early 1990s . The 1992-95 Bosnian conflict was the longest of the wars spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia . Backed by the government of then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . Karadzic was removed from power in 1995 , when the Dayton Accord that ended the Bosnian war barred anyone accused of war crimes from holding office . He was captured in 2008 after more than 13 years of hiding in plain sight in Belgrade . He had adopted an elaborate disguise that included long hair and a full beard , and was practicing alternative medicine in the Serbian capital . The trial began more than a year after Karadzic was captured . His former military commander , Ratko Mladic , was captured last year and is also on trial for charges including genocide . Both men would face life in prison if convicted . The court can not impose the death penalty . Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague .	Radovan Karadzic still faces a charge of genocide over the Srebrenica massacre He successfully gets one other count of genocide thrown out He was the leader of the breakaway Serb Republic in Bosnia in the 1990s
Washington  CNN  -- The Washington City Council voted Tuesday to legalize same-sex marriage in the nation 's capital . The bill was approved overwhelmingly by a vote of 11-2 . The bill will be given to Mayor Adrian Fenty , who has expressed his support and vowed to sign the bill . If the mayor signs it , Congress will have 30 days to intervene before it would take effect . It is considered unlikely that the Democratic majority on Capitol Hill will block the bill . Tuesday 's second vote was needed to send the measure to Fenty . The council passed the bill in an 11-2 vote December 1 . If the measure becomes law , Washington will join Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont and Iowa in allowing legal same-sex marriages . A law legalizing gay marriage in New Hampshire takes effect January 1 . Council members who voted in favor of the measure hailed Tuesday 's second and final vote as a historic moment . "  Today is the final step in this long march , " Council Member Phil Mendelson said . The two council members who voted against the legislation , Yvette Alexander and former Washington Mayor Marion Barry , said they could not support it because the majority of their constituents did not . Council Member David Catania , who is openly gay and who introduced the measure , said ahead of the vote that he understood the reason behind the dissenting council members ' votes . "  They are my friends , and they are decent ; this is simply a difference of opinion , " he said . Lawmakers in Maine approved legalized same-sex marriages this year , but voters in the state last month passed a referendum to overturn the new law . Last week , New York 's state Senate defeated a bill that would legalize gay marriages . A similar bill stalled last week in New Jersey 's state Senate . Tuesday 's vote in the nation 's capital prompted approval from gay rights groups . The Human Rights Campaign applauded the passage of the legislation , calling it a "  a victory for all D.C. residents . " "  The legislation the Council passed today reinforces the legal equality and religious freedoms to which all D.C. residents are entitled , " the organization 's president , Joe Solmonese , said in a written statement . The National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriage , said "  the fight is not over . " "  Politicians on the city council are acting as if they have the right through legislation to deprive citizens of D.C. of their core civil right to vote , but we will not let them get away with it , " said Brian Brown , the organization 's executive director . "  We will go to Congress ; we will go to the courts ; we will fight for the people 's right to vote , " he said . Opposition to the legislation also came from the Catholic Church 's Archdiocese of Washington , which has said that the measure could restrict the church 's ability to provide charity services , apparently because the church might cut back on services rather than comply with requirements . "  Under the bill , religious organizations would be exempt from participating in ceremonies or from teaching about same-sex marriage in religion classes and retreats in accord with their faith beliefs , but they would be required to recognize and promote same-sex marriage everywhere else , including in employment policies , and adoption and foster-care policies , against their beliefs , " Archbishop Donald W. Wuerl wrote in a November 17 Washington Post opinion piece . He said the church was asking that new language be developed so that faith groups "  can continue to provide services without compromising their deeply held religious teachings and beliefs . " However , Mendelson said Tuesday that more than 200 churches have stated their support for the bill . Last month , the district 's board of elections ruled against a proposed ballot initiative that would have defined marriage as between a man and a woman . "  Under current law , the district recognizes as valid same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions , " the board said in a written statement . "  The board concludes that that Marriage Initiative of 2009 would , if passed , strip same-sex couples who have entered into such marriages of rights afforded to them by that recognition . " CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story .	Mayor has signaled that he will sign measure ; Congress would then review Human Rights Campaign lauds "  victory for all D.C. residents " National Organization for Marriage , Catholic Church register opposition
CNN  -- Wei Guoqiang has been following Chinese football for more than 20 years but reasons to celebrate have been few and far between . "  It 's like the Chinese saying ; ` you always think your children are the most beautiful no matter how ugly they are , ' " the 30-year-old education specialist told CNN in Beijing . Dogged by poor performances on the pitch and corruption scandals off it , the Chinese game has been far from beautiful . But die-hard soccer fans like Wei finally have something to cheer about . Guangzhou Evergrande , a soccer team based in the southern city of Guangzhou , became Asian champions on Saturday , beating South Korea 's FC Seoul to claim China 's first continental title in 23 years in a stadium packed to capacity with fans wearing the team 's blood-red colors . "  They are persistent and never surrender , " said Wei , who watched the match on television at home . Evergrande will now play in the FIFA Club World Cup in December , pitting the team against the likes of German giants and reigning European champions Bayern Munich . Previous winners of the tournament include Chelsea , Manchester United and Barcelona . China last tasted international success at club level in 1990 when Liaoning lifted the trophy of the now expired Asian Club Championship . Its national team has also punched below the country 's weight . Despite being one of the country 's most popular sports -- President Xi Jinping is said to be a big fan -- China failed to qualify for the 2014 World Cup and did not enter the running for the 2018 tournament . Evergrande 's rise to the top of Asian football has been fast and furious and some say it could be Asia 's first "  superclub . " In early 2010 , the team was bought by Xu Jiayin , the boss of property developer Evergrande Real Estate Group and China 's 13th richest man , according to Forbes . He paid 100 million yuan  $ 16.4 million  for the club , shocking many as the team had recently been relegated to the second division of China 's league . In 2011 , they won the Chinese Super League and claimed the league title for the third time this year . Dong Jianzheng , an editor at the Chinese-language World Soccer Magazine , credits Xu 's deep pockets as the main reason for the team 's success . The club has spent at least 1.5 billion yuan  $ 250 million  in the past three years , according to The China Daily , recruiting domestic stars and foreign players like Brazilian striker Muriqui . The team is led by Marcello Lippi , who coached the Italian team that won the 2006 World Cup . "  The Evergrande model is similar to Chelsea and Manchester , where they win simply because they invest , " Dong told CNN . "  They have a strong team and a large number of foreign players . They are good because they dare to throw in their money . " But he said Evergrande 's success does n't represent the big picture . A bribery investigation that led to several players , referees and managers serving jail terms has left many fans disillusioned with the Chinese game . Rowan Simons , the author of "  Bamboo Goalposts : One man 's quest to teach the People 's Republic of China to love football " , says corruption reaches down to the sport 's grassroots , which suffer from a lack of investment . "  Parents will bribe the coach to get  their child  into the team , teams will bribe the referee to win the game , " said Simons , who has lived and played football in China for more than 20 years . Hopes are high that Evergrande 's arrival on the international soccer stage will give a much-needed boost to the country 's football system . The president of the Asian Football Confederation , which runs the region 's premier tournament , said that Evergrande 's win would infuse new life into Chinese football and spread the game to a wider audience . "  I am confident that this will benefit not only the Chinese Super League but also the national team in a big way , " said Shaikh Salman bin Ebrahim . But they will have a hard time convincing fans like Cui , an engineer , who spends his spare time glued to the English Premier League , Europe 's UEFA Champions League and Spain 's La Liga . He says he wo n't make the effort to watch Evergrande 's FIFA Club World Cup match against Egyptian side Al Ahly in December . "  The time difference is a challenge , but I still choose foreign matches because they are much more professional , " he told CNN . CNN 's Feng Ke reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong	Chinese team Guangzhou Evergrande have become Asian champions Hopes high that victory will give Chinese football a much-needed boost Chinese game has been dogged by scandals and poor performance They will now compete in FIFA Club World Cup in December
Many Americans think global warming is a distant risk that threatens faraway places with ice caps and polar bears . Very few Americans link global warming to infectious disease , but that could change . As the climate of the northern United States warms , the Asian tiger mosquito , one of the world 's most invasive pests , continues spreading northward from Texas to New York , while extending its breeding season . These changes are happening just when chikungunya , an infectious disease carried by this and other mosquitoes , is rapidly spreading throughout the Caribbean . Pieces are falling into place for a historic epidemic on U.S. shores . If that happens , then mosquitoes might just shift the debate from whether climate change is happening to a more serious discussion on how to respond to the consequences of a warmer world . Studies by the Yale Project on Climate Change Communication have found that when Americans are informed about the broad health consequences of climate change , they are more likely to engage with the issue . When what 's threatened are our neighbors , rather than far away polar bears , the perception of climate change is likely to shift . When informed about the broad health consequences of climate change , participants surveyed by the Yale Project for Climate Change Communication are more likely to engage with climate issues . In the end , disease-carrying mosquitoes do n't care if you are a Democrat or a Republican . Asian tiger mosquitoes are opportunistic ; they breed nearly anywhere . Unlike most other mosquitoes , they bite all day long . Nor do they mind having their blood meal interrupted by an attempted swatting . They just fly off to other victims and increase the odds of spreading disease . Arriving in Texas in the mid-1980s , Asian tiger mosquitoes spread northward to their ecological limit where annual average temperatures are 50 degrees Fahrenheit or warmer -- a boundary that runs more or less through New York City . Indeed , New York health officials are monitoring Asian tiger mosquitoes in 61 locations across the city 's five boroughs . The mosquito is abundant in the Washington , D.C. , area . The Asian tiger mosquito is also adapting its behavior and is able to ignore the onset of autumn , postpone hibernation , and extend its egg-laying season . More time to breed allows more Asian tiger mosquitoes in northern latitudes , just as one of the worst diseases they can carry arrived near U.S. shores . News reports on chikungunya picked up their pace last December when the disease first appeared on the Caribbean island of St. Martin . We know it originated in East Africa , how the Makonde people in Africa named it for the contorted posture related to its painful arthritis-like symptoms , that the number of confirmed or suspected cases in the Caribbean has passed 25,000 , and that it is highly likely to spread to the U.S. mainland . There is little or no discussion of the virus ' propensity to mutate . Although the outbreak is driven by the yellow fever mosquito , which thrives only in the tropics , recent mutations allow the chikungunya virus to be carried 100 times more efficiently by the Asian tiger mosquito . This new virus strain infected hundreds of thousands of people on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean in 2005 ; about 255,000 cases were reported . Many died and thousands experienced high fever and intense physical pain . The same strain has caused at least five outbreaks in Asia affecting millions , with smaller outbreaks in France and Italy . Unfortunately , just when public health officials should be preparing for a chikungunya outbreak in the United States , the federal budget sequestration reduced funding for research on all infectious diseases . Global warming is enabling the Asian tiger mosquito to spread northward , yet climate policy remains stalled in Congress , where some elected officials still dismiss even the reality of the measurable rise in global temperatures since the Industrial Revolution . The relationship between climate change and infectious disease needs to be a focus of the nation 's strategy for outbreak prevention , preparedness , detection and response . Public understanding of chikungunya and the broader links between rising temperatures and human health could help change public discourse . Since the first outbreak of Lyme in Connecticut , the disease has already spread into Canada . cryptococcosis , a frequently lethal fungal disease formerly restricted to the tropics , was identified in the Pacific Northwest in 2007 . Valley fever and hantavirus are also spreading . All have been associated with changing environmental conditions as temperatures increase . Do we really need to wait until chikungunya arrives in the United States before we initiate responsible climate and human health policies ?	Writers : Global warming does n't just hurt polar bears ; it can help spread disease Writers : Chikungunya-carrying Asian tiger mosquito 's range expands as nation warms They say the illness is spreading in Caribbean and is highly likely to spread to the U.S. Writers : We need to act on relationship between climate change and infectious disease
Expect your Thanksgiving flight to be packed . Nearly 24 million passengers are expected to fly this Thanksgiving travel season , an increase of about 150,000 passengers over last year , industry trade group Airlines for America predicted . With fewer planes flying , airplanes could be close to 90 % full on the busiest travel days between Friday , November 16 , and Tuesday , November 27 , the trade group predicted . The busiest days are likely to be Wednesday , November 21  2.3 million travelers  , Sunday , November 25  2.4 million travelers  and Monday , November 26  2.3 million travelers  . Despite reports that planes are going to be nearly full during the Thanksgiving holiday , some 78 % of travelers have not booked their airline , hotel or car rentals yet , according to a Hotwire survey released Wednesday . Do n't wait to book your flights "  Thanksgiving airfare and hotel prices are up compared to last year , and they 're likely to increase even more as we get closer to the holiday , " Clem Bason , president of the Hotwire Group , said in a statement . Book now , advises Hotwire , because fares are only likely to increase . Travelers who have n't yet bought their plane tickets might consider flying on Thanksgiving Day , November 22 , when only 1.3 million people are expected to fly , and returning home on Friday , November 23 , with only 1.6 million other passengers , according to Airlines for America estimates . Procrastinators take note : Holiday airfares are up Also consider booking at alternate airports that may offer lower fares . While travelers continue to complain about airlines charging for everything from more leg room to window seats to snacks , airlines would have lost money this year without those fees , according to Airlines for America vice president and chief economist John Heimlich . Jet fuel prices continue to rise Although airlines have seen a 5.6 % increase in revenues in the third quarter of 2012 compared with the same time last year , Heimlich said that the 10 largest Unites States airlines have also faced costs that are 6.2 % higher , reducing profits to a margin of 0.2 % -- or about 50 cents per passenger . Without passengers paying an average of $ 8 each in ancillary fees on domestic , round-trip tickets , airlines would have been losing money , Heimlich said in a morning conference call . The price of jet fuel is a key factor in higher costs , he said . It has averaged $ 3.08 per gallon , more than last year 's record high of $ 3 per gallon . Airlines have cut the number of flights and grounded some aircraft to reduce expenses . Those cuts in domestic service are likely to continue into the new year , with Airlines for America predicting a 2.4 % cut in the number of domestic airline flights and a 1.3 % cut in the number of domestic airline seats for the first quarter of 2013 , compared with the first quarter of 2012 . Do you have plans to fly this holiday season to see family or take a vacation ? If so , have you bought your tickets yet ? Please let us know in the comments section below .	Thanksgiving airfares are likely to increase the closer it gets to the holiday Book your flights now , say experts , and look at alternate airports for lower fares Expect prices to increase in the new year as airlines continue to reduce their domestic capacity
New York  CNN  -- A woman suspected of snatching an infant from a New York hospital in 1987 has been indicted on federal kidnapping charges , according to court papers released Thursday . Ann Pettway was charged with one count of kidnapping in the abduction of Carlina Renae White , now 23 , who was reunited with her biological mother in January . According to court documents filed in the case last month , Pettway admitted to taking the girl from a Harlem hospital after suffering several miscarriages . The grand jury said Pettway "  willfully and knowingly " seized the baby , according to a copy of the indictment from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York . Pettway turned herself in last month at the FBI office in Bridgeport , Connecticut , FBI spokesman William Reiner said . She faces up to 20 years to life in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 if convicted . White tracked down her birth family in early January , saying she had had a nagging feeling all her life that she was brought up by a family to which she did n't belong . Ernie Allen , president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said White 's suspicions grew after the woman who raised her could not produce a birth certificate for her . White 's mother , Joy White , told the New York Post last month that she last saw her daughter when she was 19 days old . She took her to a Harlem hospital on August 4 , 1987 , because the baby had a high fever , a New York police official said . Carlina was admitted to the hospital , and her mother went home to rest . When she returned , the baby was gone . "  That was a big part of my heart that was just ripped apart , " Carlina White 's biological father , Carl Tyson , told the Post regarding her disappearance . Pettway is scheduled for a hearing on February 24 .	The grand jury said the defendant "  willfully and knowingly " seized the baby Defendant Pettway turned herself in last month Carlina Renae White , now 23 , was reunited with her birth mother last month
CNN  -- A painting by pop artist Roy Lichtenstein , which has not been seen in public for more than 30 years , and a massive pearl once owned by Mary Tudor have been unveiled as the highlights of London 's Masterpiece art fair . The artwork , "  Puzzle Portrait , " was created by Lichtenstein  1923-1997  in 1978 , before being sold directly to its current owner , who kept it out of the public eye for decades . The super-sized pearl , which weighs 64.5 carats  258.12 grains  , once belonged to England 's Mary I  1516-1558  . The monarch was painted wearing it in several portraits , now in the Prado in Madrid and the National Portrait Gallery in London . "  It is a true natural masterpiece , " said Nazy Vassegh , the event 's CEO . "  It is one of the world 's largest natural pearls , and on top of that it has royal provenance . Pearls of this heritage are very rare . It is part of history . " The jewel disappeared in the late 16th century , and was missing for hundreds of years , before being rediscovered in 2004 ; following extensive research , it has only recently been identified as the Mary Tudor pearl . Interactive : Rembrandt 's ` Night Watch ' explained Organizers of the fair say the pearl and the pop art are likely to be among the most sought-after pieces for sale at Masterpiece 2013 . The only fair of its kind taking place at the height of London 's arts and social season , the show is held in a purpose-built pavilion in the grounds of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea . Held annually since 2010 , Masterpiece offers shoppers and curious visitors the chance to get up close to -- and even take home -- museum-quality art and artifacts . More than 160 dealers , galleries and workshops will display antique furniture and classic cars , precious jewelery , ancient sculptures and contemporary video installations . "  The idea is that there is a bit of everything , but that it is all pretty special , " explained Vassegh . "  We have works from the 6th century B.C. and even earlier , right through to a Bill Viola , and everything is of an extremely high quality . " Each work has been vetted by one of 26 committees of experts , to ensure the highest standards across disciplines , and some of the biggest names in art , from Albrecht Duerer and Nicholas Hilliard to Pablo Picasso and Joan Miro will be on view . Note : Masterpiece London takes place in the grounds of the Royal Hospital Chelsea from Thursday 27 June until Wednesday 3 July . Follow the fair on Twitter @MasterpieceLndn #MPL13	A rarely seen painting by Roy Lichtenstein is to go on display at London 's Masterpiece art fair Created in 1978 , the "  Puzzle Portrait " has been kept out of the public eye for 30 years Also on display is a super-sized pearl one owned by England 's Queen Mary I
CNN  -- Heikki Kovalainen prevented practice for the inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix from being an all-British affair as he topped the timesheets after the second session . With three minutes of the session remaining , and with Lewis Hamilton poised to edge out Jenson Button at the top of the standings , Kovalainen ensured it would be a McLaren one-two rather than a British one-two that led the way ahead of Sunday 's race . Conditions for the second 90-minute period were markedly different to those in the first as outgoing world champion Hamilton pipped new title-holder Button by just 0.096 seconds . Earlier , as the drivers acclimatised themselves to the new Yas Marina circuit , they basked in temperatures of 35 degrees Celsius . It was still 31 degrees when the second session began at 5pm local time , but on this occasion the following 90 minutes would be played out under a setting sun for the first time in F1 history , and ultimately floodlights as day shifted into night . Ultimately , it was Finn Kovalainen who led the way with a time of one minute 41.307 seconds , over 2.5 seconds quicker than Hamilton 's best earlier in the day . But that was no surprise as the 20 drivers grew accustomed to the track , culminating in the Finn ending up quicker than his McLaren team-mate by just 0.197 seconds , with Brawn GP 's Button 0.234 seconds down on Kovalainen . Sebastian Vettel , looking for a small degree of consolation for the year by finishing second to Button in the championship , was fourth quickest in his Red Bull , 0.284 seconds behind Kovalainen . Toyota 's Kamui Kobayashi , who is deputising for the injured Timo Glock , was fifth , followed by Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi and Red Bull 's Mark Webber , winner in Brazil last time out . The top 10 was completed by Brawn 's Rubens Barrichello , who himself has designs on finishing runner-up to his team-mate , with Williams ' Nico Rosberg ninth and Kimi Raikkonen in his Ferrari 10th . BMW Sauber 's Robert Kubica finished bottom of the timesheets , but that came after blowing an engine after 13 laps . That is likely to incur a 10-place grid penalty for the race as he has already used the permissible eight engines for the season . Meanwhile , the Williams team have confirmed Cosworth will be their new engine supplier from next season . After recently ending their contract with Toyota ahead of schedule , the news is unsurprising as Williams have long been touted to again join forces with Cosworth after previously working with them in 2006 . Team principal Frank Williams told reporters : "  Cosworth have impressed us with the quality of their technical team and convinced us their program will deliver a competitive Formula One engine . "  In addition , like Williams , Cosworth is an independent company whose owners share our passion for racing and engineering . "  We believe that , working together , we will develop not only a competitive racing car for 2010 , but also a long-term partnership that can take on the best in Formula One . "	Heikki Kovalainen tops timesheets in practice for Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Kovalainen edges out Lewis Hamilton and world champion Jenson Button Williams team have confirmed Cosworth will be their new engine supplier
CNN  -- We have a Department of Justice , not a Department of Social Justice . That is an essential distinction . It is brought into sharp relief by politicized demands that George Zimmerman , having just been acquitted of murder by the state of Florida , be subjected to a second prosecution -- a federal civil rights indictment -- over the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . The Justice Department has earned the trust of the United States courts precisely because it resists the politicization of law enforcement . Its tradition is to ensure the equal protection of law for every American , to evaluate cases strictly on the basis of facts and law , and to recognize its obligations not only to the community but also to criminal suspects . Yet , though Attorney General Eric Holder never tires of reminding us about the due process owed even to foreign terrorists who 've confessed to mass murder , the principle does not seem to apply to Zimmerman , an American now acquitted of murder . Even if the Justice Department never files criminal charges against Zimmerman -- which is likely given the implausibility of obtaining a conviction -- it is extremely inappropriate for law enforcement officials , particularly the U.S. attorney general , to engage in a running extrajudicial commentary that taints the jury pool and ratchets up the investigative anxiety for a citizen who is presumed innocent and has been acquitted . Law enforcement officials speak in court -- with public charges , if prosecutors have the evidence to back them up . The justice system is not a morality play . It is not designed to right every wrong , nor has it the capacity to remediate tragedy , such as the indescribable pain the Martin family endures after the loss of their 17-year-old son . In the face of such tragedy , the human instinct to demand some kind of "  justice " -- social , poetic or cosmic -- is something we all feel . But that is not the justice our legal system exists to dispense . Federal courts prosaically apply established law to provable facts , and they rely heavily on the Justice Department to perform that duty faithfully . When a popular political narrative -- such as the left 's portrayal of racism as the root cause of many American ills -- crashes into uncongenial facts , the justice system is the place where the narrative must yield , and the Justice Department is supposed to ensure that it does . Sadly , just the opposite has happened in the Zimmerman case . It has been bereft from the start both of proof that Zimmerman had the requisite criminal intent to sustain a murder charge and of evidence to refute his well-corroborated claim of self-defense . That is why veteran police investigators initially declined to file charges . Yet Holder and his subordinates joined in the effort to induce Florida to file charges , unabashedly making common cause with the likes of the Rev. Al Sharpton , whose metier is racially divisive demagoguery . Attending an anti-Zimmerman rally with Sharpton , Holder saber-rattled about filing a civil rights case . As the attorney general well knew , his inappropriate chatter would be construed as a suggestion that Florida had abdicated its responsibilities by declining to prosecute a purportedly racist murderer . Simultaneously , Justice 's Community Relations Service worked closely with anti-Zimmerman activists to pressure Florida Gov. Rick Scott into reversing the police determination that there was no case . Scott finally caved , appointing the compliant special prosecutor Angela Corey , who dutifully lodged a groundless second-degree murder charge . Standard , prudent Justice Department practice has always discouraged commentary on criminal investigations outside the public record . That is for the politicians . Law enforcement is not supposed to speak until the government is ready to file public charges and back them up in court . To the contrary , Holder has engaged in an extrajudicial publicity campaign , and now finds himself in the hot seat : It 's been over a year since he promised to file charges if warranted by the facts , and the facts have long been known -- indeed , they 've been tried in court . Obviously , it is easier to promise to keep investigating -- and to keep alive a race narrative dear to President Obama 's political base -- than to acknowledge that there is no federal case against Zimmerman . The insurmountable proof problems Florida prosecutors faced do not even begin to describe the challenges that would confront a federal case . A civil rights case would require proof beyond a reasonable doubt that Zimmerman shot Martin out of racial animus . There is no evidence that Zimmerman has ever been a racist -- jurors in the Florida case say race was not relevant to the case , and the FBI , after investigating extensively for months , has been unable to find proof of a racial motivation . Furthermore , a federal prosecution would require proof that Zimmerman was trying to prevent Martin 's enjoyment of some statutorily specified civil right -- like attending school , applying for a job , staying in a hotel , going to a restaurant , or participating in a federal program . The Zimmerman-Martin altercation was purely local with no federal implications . Finally , in light of the Justice Department 's heavy-handed role in pressuring Florida to bring a case that police originally decided not to charge , there may be a serious question whether the "  dual sovereignty " exception to double jeopardy -- allowing a federal prosecution despite a state acquittal -- applies . This is not a federal case . If real justice had been served , it would never have been a criminal case at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew C. McCarthy .	Andrew McCarthy : Justice Department should handle cases based strictly on facts and law McCarthy : Attorney General Eric Holder should not have politicized the Zimmerman case He says Zimmerman case is not a federal case because civil rights was not an issue McCarthy : If justice had been served , Zimmerman case would never have been a criminal case
CNN  -- For the second time in three years , the African city of Luanda has been declared the most expensive city in the world for expats by Mercer , a human resources consulting firm . While it 's true that most of the Angolan capital 's population lives in poverty on the outskirts of the city , in the center , Porsche Cayennes share the road with Cadillac Escalades and the latest Range Rovers . Hugo Boss makes such a killing here that it opened a second store within walking distance of the first . For those not familiar with Luanda , however , the ranking may come as a surprise . Tokyo  which took top spot in Mercer 's survey last year  makes sense as the world 's most expensive expat city . So might Moscow or New York . But Luanda ? What 's it like to visit ? So , what 's this scandalously expensive place -- where a mid-level expat professional might earn $ 10,000 a month -- like to visit ? First , some context . Luanda is the capital of Africa 's second largest oil producer , Angola  Nigeria beats it  , a rising political and economic powerhouse . Yet the country also suffered a destructive and violent 27-year civil war , ending only in 2002 , which crippled its infrastructure and decimated its ability to produce its own food . As a consequence , almost everything in Luanda has to be imported . Heavy import duties , along with high taxes and monopolized supply chains linked to the powerful political elite further drive up the price of goods and services to astronomical levels . Then there 's institutional corruption , which creates high prices through price fixing and price collusion . Sky-high hotel bills Hotels are the visitor 's biggest expense . Despite more opening in recent years , prices have remained stuck at about $ 500 a night for five-star hotels , $ 350-400 for four-stars and $ 300-350 for mid-level lodging . A meal at Luanda 's smartest restaurants will easily top $ 100 per person , including appetizers and drinks . Such prices can be supported only by expats working for multinational companies and wealthy Angolans who work for the country 's burgeoning oil and banking sectors . Most Luandans , by contrast , live on the city 's periphery and make vastly inferior incomes . While a mid-level banking professional might take home $ 8,000 - $ 10,000 a month , a driver or housemaid makes $ 500 a month , if the boss is feeling generous . Luxury car traffic jams may be a common sight in the capital , but the roads are appalling and public services -- from driver 's license renewal to the post -- are horrendous . Perhaps send your postcards after leaving the country . Still keen to go ? Luanda is a dynamic , albeit challenging , place to visit and one you 're unlikely to forget . But it does n't have to be prohibitively expensive -- if you know where to look . A ` cheap ' day and a night Say you 're in Luanda for a day and a night . You 'll need a hotel : Epic Sana Luanda  Rua da Misso , Mutamba ; +244222642600 ; from $ 500 a night  is considered the best in the city , with prices to match , while Executive Hotel Samba  Rua da Samba s/n , Samba , Luanda ; +244915407117 ; from $ 300  , offers rare decent value , all things considered . As soon as you step out of the hotel door , the only way to avoid a cash hemorrhage is to follow the age-old expat line and start living like a local . The city does n't have much in the way of museums and public parks , but it 's worth walking along the recently refurbished Marginal , the seafood promenade that stretches from the local port to the Ilha , the peninsula jutting into Luanda Bay . If you do , keep an eye on the imposing , whitewashed Portuguese fort perched on a hill overlooking the city ; once you get close , take a left , go up the hill and you 'll find an armed forces museum  +244222373623  located inside the structure . Beach life Beaches are a must in Angola in summer . Near Luanda , Mussulo Island is a spit of land with thatch-roofed restaurants and hotel bungalows on one side and miles of deserted beach , with fantastic waves , on the other . You can catch water taxis out to Mussulo at the Embarcadouro dock  $ 5  and spend the day there . Another option is to get out of Luanda altogether and head 40 kilometers south to the Miradouro da Lua , a beautiful landscape of cliffs , pinnacles and valleys stretching toward the horizon . Dotted with baobab trees , the long , empty savanna will make you question why everyone stays crammed in the city . At Cabo Ledo , about 150 kilometers south of Luanda , you 'll find some of the country 's finest beaches , excellent for surfing . Angolan cuisine Angola has a culinary tradition influenced by 500 years of Portuguese colonization and seafood from more than a thousand kilometers of coastline . In the Mutamba , Luanda 's central business district , a good spot for lunch is Tendinha  Rua da Misso 16 , Mutamba ; +244923542868  , a friendly Angolan bistro where the beer is cold and the food is cheap . It 's within walking distance of some of the city 's most popular hotels and the average check is $ 20 . At Ilha , where many of the city 's best restaurants are located , two low-key favorites are Casa do Peixa da Gabela  Rua Massano de Amorim , Chicala  and Restaurante da Dona Bela  Rua Massano de Amorim , after Poupal on your left side ; it has blue walls and white bars on the outside  . At both places you can eat a feast -- featuring excellent mufete , a local delicacy of beans stewed in palm oil , grilled tilapia , onion vinaigrette , boiled plantains , sweet potatoes and yucca -- for about $ 17 . For dinner , on the fringes of central Luanda in the Bairro Popular you can try the excellent cuisine of Angolan master chef Rui S at his Restaurante & Bar 688  Rua da Janela Aberta , Bairro Popular , Luanda ; +244943256193  . Entrees here rarely top the $ 30 mark , and if they do it 's because you 're getting enough food for two . Splurge time And if you want to splurge -- this is the world 's most expensive city , after all -- Lookal Mar  Rua Murtala Mohamed 15 , Ilha do Cabo , Luanda ; +244936000018 / 9  is the king of Luanda restaurants . Entrees here can cost $ 150 -- seafood is flown in from Portugal three times a week . You 're spoiled for choice if you want to prolong your night in Luanda . The city 's new nightlife darling is the Switch Supper Club , in the bowels of the Epic Sana Hotel . But you could skip the $ 40 minimum spend there and experience true Luanda nightlife at the W Club -- where there 's all kinds of music , a welcoming crowd and the $ 20 cover includes three drinks . Claudio Silva runs the Luanda Nightlife website .	Luanda is the priciest city in world for expats , says survey for second time Luxury traffic jams and Hugo Boss stores common Corruption endemic and services appalling Possible to visit without breaking bank -- and have a memorable experience
San Francisco  CNN  -- Communication on Facebook started with the simple , emotionally vague "  poke . " Over the past eight years , many features have been added to the social network , multiplying the ways people can interact with each other . You can chat and message someone , tag them in a photo or a post , check them into a location , post on their timeline or mention them in your own posts . A negative side effect of all these exchanges is that the potential for miscommunications and conflicts has also boomed , ranging from an adult not liking how they look in a tagged photo to cyberbullying among teenagers . To make it easier to catch and resolve volatile situations early on , Facebook is changing how content is reported , the company announced Wednesday . It 's giving users tools to better communicate their feelings and handle conflicts themselves . The changes are the result of collaborations with Yale , Columbia and Berkeley that involved months of research and focus groups with kids , teachers and clinical psychologists . The first change is specifically for 13 - and 14-year-olds  you have to be at least 13 to sign up for a Facebook account  . If a boy in that age range wants to report a mean or threatening post or image a schoolmate has put on Facebook , he can click "  This post is a problem "  a new phrase chosen to replace the stiff "  Report "  and go through a series of casually worded questions to determine what kind of issue he 's having and how serious it is . There 's even a grid for ranking his emotions . Once he finishes the questions , a list of suggested actions is generated based on how pressing his complaint is . If the boy is more annoyed than than fearful , he might choose to send a pre-written message to the other person saying that the post makes him uncomfortable . If he is afraid , he will be prompted to get help from a trusted friend or adult . There are links to catch anyone who may be feeling suicidal and direct them to professionals and Facebook 's own suicide chat hotline . "  We feel it is important that Facbook provide encouragement for kids to seek out their own support network , " said Robin Stern , a psychoanalyst from Columbia University who worked on the project . "  The children tell us they are spending hours online ... they are living their lives with Facebook on in the background . " Kids are n't the only ones who need a little help communicating their feelings on the Internet . Facebook looked at photos that are reported for removal by all ages , flagged for offenses like being pornographic , containing hate speech or depicting drug use . When they started to dig in , the team noticed images were frequently being flagged for more personal reasons -- someone did n't like how they looked in the photo , was embarrassed their boss could see them dancing on a table or maybe was just trying to wipe away evidence of an old romance . Usually when a photo is reported for violating community standards , it goes to a Facebook employee who has to determine what steps to take . That adds up a lot of requests . By expanding the options and directing people to ask the person who posted a photo to take it down , Facebook is putting its members in charge of their own issues and saving itself some resources as a bonus . "  How do you build in emotion , this ancient part of human nature , in to the Facebook site ? " asked Dacher Keltner , director of the Social Interaction Laboratory at Berkeley . Keltner 's team worked with Facebook to add some feeling to the process , customizing the stock requests based on the reason for wanting the photo removed and how important it was to the offended party that it come down . The wording was made more polite and the recipient given pre-writen answers to choose from too , opening up a dialog between the two sides . The changes are n't the most major Facebook has made , or even the most noticeable tweaks to roll out this week . But the shifts show the company is paying careful attention to the nuanced ways people communicate emotions on the social network . And by researching , changing wording and tracking response rates , it is also figuring out how to better engage its users . The motive was good , conflict resolution and helping kids , but the method could also have handy applications for delivering paid content . "  Language really matters and design really matters for this stuff , " said Jake Brill , a Facebook product manager . "  The smallest change can have a really notable impact . " The changes have been available to many Facebook users as part of a test period and are rolling out to all U.S. members this week . Early statistics are promising : The rate of people completing the questionnaire when untagging an image has jumped from 48 % to 78 % . The team hopes to expand the program to other languages and countries but only after carefully recalibrating the wording for those cultures . The results of the studies were presented Wednesday  which was Facebook Compassion Research Day  in Menlo Park , California . The company 's anti-cyberbullying push was started shortly after the Tyler Clementi suicide , though Facebook says it was n't inspired by a single event .	Facebook adds tools to help adolescents deal with cyberbullying Changes are the result of research done with Yale and Columbia Universities Instead of reporting a photo , users are pushed to ask the person who posted it to take it down
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Gas and oil prices rose in Iran Monday after the country dramatically cut subsidies for its citizens to bolster the nation 's sagging economy . The initiative went into effect Sunday , with the country saying it will gradually remove all subsidies within five years . The price of subsidized gasoline rose four-folds -- from 1,000 rials  9 cents  per liter to 4,000 rials , the Mehr news agency said . Officials say energy subsidies have cost the Iranian government around $ 100 billion dollars a year , state run Press TV said Monday . While some have said the plan will stoke inflation , others say it is in line with recommendations from international financial organizations to solve Iran 's economic woes , Press TV said . Five years ago , Ahmadinejad 's government announced its plan to cut government subsidies and help adjust prices in Iran 's economy . That includes a policy to phase out subsidies on staples such as fuel and food , likely causing consumers ' costs of such items to rise . Iran has $ 10 trillion in oil resources alone , plus natural gas reserves worth between $ 3.5 and $ 4.5 trillion , International Monetary Fund mission chief Dominique Guillaume said in an interview posted earlier this fall on that world body 's website . But its economy nonetheless has seen lackluster growth , including between 1 % and 2 % of GDP this past year . Despite its abundance of fuel , Iran has been pushing to expand its nuclear program . Many in the international community , including U.S. officials , have expressed grave concerns and successfully pushed for sanctions fearing that Tehran might be trying to develop nuclear weapons . But Iranian leaders have said the nation wants nuclear power , in part to free up more oil to export and pump more money into the economy . With subsidies that effectively allowed domestic consumers to pay relatively little for oil and gas -- far below what they or people anywhere else would pay on the world market -- Iran was forfeiting potentially huge revenues , explained IMF Senior Economist Roman Zytek on his group 's website . The IRNA news agency reported Saturday that Iranians ' use of commodities like fuel "  has not followed a reasonable pattern " -- with Zytek saying that many Iranian citizens have been buying excess amounts of oil and gas . Iran 's subsidy reforms , he said , aim to decrease domestic demand for fuel , make the country more fuel-efficient , and allow Iran to profit more from its natural resources .	The country plans to remove all subsidies in five years The price of gasoline goes up four-folds Iran has trillions of dollars in natural resources but still struggles , experts say The changes aim to dampen domestic demand for fuel and oil , and bolster overall revenues
This could be the last story you read about Lindsay Lohan for the next three months if all goes well during her 90-day stay at the Betty Ford Clinic . Just days before checking into court-ordered rehab last week , the actress spoke extensively to Piers Morgan in an article for London 's Daily Mail newspaper , which published it in this Sunday 's edition . Lohan , who turns 27 in two months , told Morgan , host of CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " she 's never been "  a huge drinker " and despite rumors , failed drug tests and a drug possession arrest , she 's only used cocaine "  maybe four or five times in my life . " She 's spent more than 250 days in rehab and another trip "  is pointless , " she said in the Daily Mail story . Instead , she should be allowed to "  go abroad to different countries and work with children . " Lohan 's life off the rails Lohan 's life and career ran off the rails starting in her disastrous year of 2007 when she was twice convicted of drunken driving , once for cocaine use , made three trips to rehab and served an 84-minute jail stay . Her arrests were "  totally irresponsible -- a stupid mistake , " she said . "  And from then on , the press were on me all the time , " Lohan said . "  It was the first time I 'd taken drugs . I was out in a club with people I should n't have been with , and took cocaine , and got in the car . It was so stupid . " Her first rehab visit was not because of drugs or alcohol but to help her deal with the trauma she experienced making a movie , she told Morgan . She voluntary checked into the Wonderland Center in Los Angeles while she was shooting "  I Know Who Killed Me " in January 2007 . Lohan 's legal woes : A timeline "  I was having really bad nightmares , and the movie was pretty traumatizing , " Lohan said . "  So I stayed in a facility so I could get some sleep and talk about it with someone the next day , because it was overwhelming . But I would leave every day and just sleep there at night . I liked that . It was kind of like having my own live-in therapist , because I was having crazy nightmares and I was having AA meetings on set and stuff . It really helped . " Lohan : The good teenager She had been drinking for less than a year at that point , Lohan said . She stayed away from alcohol after her first hangover experience at 17 , when her mother made her "  sleep with vomit still on me so I 'd understand how it felt , " she said . "  I was too scared ! " She was a good teenager , she said . "  My friends and I would actually pretend to be drunk , " she said . "  And it was more fun . I never rebelled against my parents -- I worked hard , I was responsible and I did n't go to high-school parties . " She does n't consider herself to be an alcoholic -- "  I 've never woken up in the morning and had a drink " -- but "  when I was younger , I was definitely going out too much and I was drinking too much . " Lohan : A rehab expert Lohan considers herself an expert on rehab facilities . "  I 've been court-ordered to do it six times , " she said . "  I could write the book on rehab . Constantly sending me to rehab is pointless . The first few times I was court-ordered to rehab , it was like a joke , like killing time . " Morgan interviewed her before the confusion erupted over which rehab facility she would enter . After arriving at one -- which California officials said was unlicensed -- she left for the Betty Ford Clinic , where she spent her last and longest rehab stay . "  I look at it as a good thing , " she said about this rehab visit . "  I can come back afterwards and be fully focused on work . But I think there are other things I could do instead of going to a rehab center that would benefit me more . The best thing they could do for me would be to make me go abroad to different countries and work with children . " Lohan : Clean and sober If she is not a drug user -- she tells Morgan she smoked "  some pot " a year ago -- or an alcoholic , then why would she need rehab , Morgan asked . "  This is where it gets hard for me to explain , " she said . "  I do n't think there 's anything wrong with people taking time to just be by themselves . I think people want to see me do that . They will keep saying the same things about me if I do n't . I do n't think it will be a bad thing for me to be away with myself for three months . " Although now confessing to Morgan that she used drugs a year ago , she told Matt Lauer on NBC 's "  Today " show a year ago that that she was "  clean and sober " then for "  a long time . " Although she was once arrested for cocaine possession and later sent to rehab when she violated probation by testing positive for the drug , Lohan said she rarely used it since "  I do n't like it . " Cocaine : Not her favorite drug "  It reminds me of my dad , " she said . "  I took it four times in a period from about the age of 20 to 23 , and I got caught twice . " Cocaine made her feel "  a little too buzzed -- it made me feel uncomfortable , " she told Morgan . She 's not "  a junkie , " she said . "  It 's the truth . I 've never taken heroin either , never injected myself with anything , never done LSD . Those things all scare me . " Her drugs of choice are "  pot , obviously , and Ecstasy , " she said . "  I liked that  Ecstasy  better than the others . " Morgan reports Lohan then giggled . Lohan : Not a junkie Lohan has previously acknowledged having a drug problem , though . She posted this Twitter message in September 2010 just before entering the Betty Ford Clinic for three months : "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away over night . I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . " Lohan claimed to Morgan that she 's just misunderstood . The constant online tabloid reports of late-night partying , which sometimes results in legal issues , do n't show the real person . "  I 've never been a junkie , and never will be , " she said . "  I just like going out late to clubs with friends and listening to music . Always have done . It 's not that unusual for girls of 26 ! " Heath Ledger 's advice She slowed down on her drinking on the advice of an actor , Lohan said . "  Heath Ledger told me to give it up for a year because he 'd just done that , and so I did , and it was n't a problem for me , " she said . Ledger was 28 when he died from a prescription drug overdose in January 2008 , a year after Lohan 's first rehab visit . Lindsay prefers men Lohan also talked to Morgan about her sexuality -- she 's straight despite a past relationship with a woman . "  I like boys , " she said . "  I know I 'm straight , " she said . "  I have made out with girls before , and I had a relationship with a girl . But I think I needed to experience that and I think I was looking for something different . " She said she was in love with Samantha Ronson during their relationship , and "  I still love her as a person . " "  I like being in a relationship with a guy , " Lohan said . "  But there 's something just different about it with a woman . When I was with Samantha , I did n't want to leave , because I did n't want to be alone . It was very toxic . " Dad ` creates chaos ' About her father , Michael Lohan : "  He wo n't change , " she said . "  I just think there comes a point where you just kind of have to accept what it is . "  Whenever I do try to bring him back into my life , he creates chaos for me and uses it to his advantage . He 's been really good and then really crazy my whole life . " Hollywood friends While she blames the Los Angeles lifestyle for steering her off course , she does point to two Hollywood women who have helped her . "  Meryl Streep was nice , " Lohan said . "  She just advised me on my acting and what I needed to do differently , and she told me I needed to go back to live with my mum for a while . " She could n't move back to New York because at the time , her probation requirements , which including regular drug testing , restricted her to California -- "  the worst possible place I could be , " she said . "  Jamie Lee Curtis was very kind to me , too , " she said . "  She also told me to listen to good advice and to get rid of the hangers-on . " Stay tuned Will you see another story about Lindsay Lohan 's substance abuse and legal troubles before she 's scheduled to get out of rehab in early August ? What could happen in the Betty Ford Clinic , a well-respected refuge for those needing to get their lives back on track ? Lohan was accused of assaulting a Ford staff member during her last stay in December 2010 , although the investigation was suspended on December 24 after the staffer drops charges against Lohan . Just weeks after her release from there , she was again involved in controversy for stealing a necklace from a jewelry store . It was that shoplifting conviction that put her on the road to her current rehab visit . Video : Charlie Sheen 's love for Lohan Lohan 's ` Scary Movie 5 ' co-stars have her back Emotional Lohan tears up talking to Letterman	Lindsay Lohan talks to Piers Morgan just before going into rehab "  I 've never been a junkie , " the actress says After 250 days in rehab , another trip "  is pointless , " Lohan says But it 's not "  a bad thing for me to be away with myself for three months , " she says
Paris  CNN  -- Dominique Strauss-Kahn arrived in Paris on Sunday morning , less than two weeks after a judge dismissed sexual assault charges against him in an international scandal that altered France 's political landscape . The former International Monetary Fund chief was greeted with applause at a Paris airport before leaving in a private car and coming home to his apartment . He was accompanied by his wife , journalist Anne Sinclair . On Saturday , Strauss-Kahn was mobbed by reporters in New York as he left the brownstone where he had been staying . His homecoming marks the end of a four-month court battle involving a man who had been favored to be the next president of France . Strauss-Kahn was pulled off a Paris-bound plane on May 14 in New York over accusations he sexually assaulted a Guinean maid in a luxury hotel suite in the city . Days later , he resigned from the International Monetary Fund , spent a few days in jail and was put under house arrest . His lawyers have maintained his innocence throughout the process . "  There was an act in that room that was consensual , not forcible , " Benjamin Brafman said . Questions arose over the credibility of the accuser , Nafissatou Diallo , prompting prosecutors to back off . In July , prosecutors said Strauss-Kahn is no longer under house arrest and dropped the charges on August 23 , citing the accuser 's credibility issues . "  If we do not believe her beyond a reasonable doubt , we can not ask a jury to do so , " prosecutors said at the time . Strauss-Kahn largely remained in New York even after a judge removed his house arrest restrictions . The diplomat 's return to Paris on Sunday marks his first since the scandal broke out . Strauss-Kahn 's arrest sent shock waves through France and redefined the landscape of the country 's upcoming presidential race . His homecoming raises the possibility of his return to politics or a prominent position in the government . Strauss-Kahn still faces a civil suit from Diallo and an accusation of attempted rape by a French writer . The diplomat and his wife have been one of France 's power couples since they married in 1989 . CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	NEW : The former International Monetary Fund chief arrives at his apartment His homecoming marks the end of four-month court struggle A judge dismissed sexual assault charges against him A New York hotel maid had accused him of assaulting her
CNN  -- The mayor of Gary , Indiana , and Michael Jackson 's father , Joe , on Wednesday will announce "  a major move forward " to bring a museum and performance arts center bearing the singer 's name to the city . Mayor Rudy Clay has said the project has the potential to bring 500,000 to 750,000 visitors to Gary and an annual income of $ 100 million to $ 150 million dollars to the community . In addition , the Jackson Family Museum and a Michael Jackson Performing Arts Center will generate hundreds of construction jobs and thousands of full-time jobs for the community when the project is completed , the mayor said in a press release . Joe and Katherine Jackson started their large family in a two-bedroom house in a working-class neighborhood in Gary . All 10 Jackson children were born in Gary between 1950 and 1966 , including one who was stillborn . The Jacksons moved from Gary to Los Angeles , California , in 1971 amid the success of the Jackson 5 group , which featured Michael Jackson and four older brothers . Their home at 2300 Jackson Street is still a shrine for the occasional tourist . Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 .	Joe Jackson and Gary , Indiana , mayor pushing for Jackson tourist site Idea calls for museum and performing arts center Michael Jackson and siblings were born in Gary , moved to Los Angeles
Washington  CNN  -- Labor Secretary Tom Perez on Thursday panned New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's comments that he 's "  tired " of the minimum wage debate . "  Chris Christie 's got his head in the sand if he 's getting tired about the minimum wage , " Perez said according to Bloomberg Politics . President Barack Obama and Democrats have led the push to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 , and the issue has made its way onto the campaign trail this year . "  Chris Christie needs to talk to his economists , who will tell him that 70 percent of GDP growth is consumption , " Perez said Thursday . The criticism came just days after Christie said he was "  tired of hearing about the minimum wage " at a U.S. Chamber of Commerce conference on Tuesday . "  I really am , " the Republican governor and potential 2016 hopeful said . "  I do n't think there 's a mother or a father sitting around the kitchen table tonight in America saying , ` You know , honey , if our son or daughter could just make a higher minimum wage , my God , all of our dreams would be realized . ' " "  Is that what parents aspire to for our children ? " Christie asked . "  They aspire to a greater , growing America , where their children have the ability to make much more money and have much great success than they have , and that 's not about a higher minimum wage . " Before the Labor secretary chimed in , the remark drew fire from other Democrats , and White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest even quipped during a briefing Wednesday that people living on a minimum wage are those who are really tired . Christie also used his time at the podium to make a 2016 prediction . "  I am convinced that the next president of the United States is going to be a governor , " Christie said . "  We 've had this experiment of legislating . . and getting on-the-job training in the White House . It has not been pretty . " Christie is n't the only governor considered a potential Republican presidential contender : Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker also have been a part of the 2016 discussion . But when it comes to Republican governors , Christie has an edge as the chairman of the Republican Governors Association . Christie is n't the only politician floated as a 2016 contender who discussed the minimum wage this week . On the Democratic side , Sen. Elizabeth Warren talked about her mother 's minimum wage job that helped support her family when she was a child . "  She got a minimum wage job in an America where a minimum wage job would support a family of three and that 's how we survived , " Warren , who has advocated for a higher minimum wage , said Monday while campaigning for Rep. Bruce Braley in Iowa .	Christie said he 's "  tired " of hearing about the minimum wage Christie said parents are n't focused on the minimum wage Christie would be a top contender for the the White House in 2016 and said a governor would be the next president
CNN  -- Broken bodies of children . A dead mother . A wailing father . That was the scene outside of a school in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , where authorities said more than 100 people were killed Friday in fighting between security forces and al Qaeda-backed Sunni fighters . The fighting follows news a day earlier that militants tried to take control of the city of Samarra to the south , violence spurred in part by an escalating conflict between Iraq 's majority Shiite government and a Sunni minority who claim they are disenfranchised . The violence has left hundreds dead in recent months , raising fears it could return Iraq to the level of violence in 2006 and 2007 , when bodies littered the streets . Nearly 500,000 people are estimated to have been displaced this year in fighting , primarily in the Sunni-dominated Anbar province , the United Nations refugee agency said Friday . But that number is expected to climb , said Adrian Edwards , the spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees . On Friday , Hares Hammadi al-Bajari was among dozens trying to flee the fighting in Mosul , where militants were attacking police stations and security checkpoints . With a round-the-clock curfew in effect that banned people from driving , Bajari , a taxi driver , set out on foot with his family to try to make it to safety in the nearby Kurdish-controlled Duhok province . "  Kurdish security forces were welcoming families , " police Lt. Salah Othman said . But as Bajari neared the checkpoint on the outskirts of Mosul 's al-Zahraa neighborhood , according to Othman , fighting resumed . The family was forced to regroup outside a school to wait for a lull in the fighting and try again , he said . That 's when a barrage of mortars struck near the building , landing among the families . A video posted on Facebook purports to show the aftermath of the bombing . A man can be heard screaming : "  Let them see . ... See these children ? See what 's left from the mortar round ? They are targeting women , and these dead children . " The footage shows the bodies of a number of children , including some missing body parts . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the video . But it correlates with the description of the attack given to CNN by Othman . At least 17 people were killed in that attack , according to Iraqi health officials . Another 55 people , including 22 Iraqi police and 33 militants , were killed and 43 wounded in fighting that broke out across the city , the health officials said . Scores more were killed when gunmen and several suicide bombers attacked an Iraqi munitions storage in western Mosul , security forces said . By nightfall , Iraqi security forces had retaken control of a number of the police stations and checkpoints , authorities said . The fighting in Mosul mirrored an attack a day earlier in Samarra , when gunmen attacked security checkpoints and took control of portions of the city . The attackers are believed to be members of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , an al Qaeda splinter group also known by its acronym ISIS . Gunman seize Iraqi university , use students as human shields 23 killed in clashes in Iraqi city of Samarra	A mortar attack outside a school in Mosul leaves 17 dead , police say The dead are families who were trying to flee fighting , police say Nearly 500,000 people are estimated to have been displaced this year
CNN  -- For once we have good news on the obesity front , and it 's in an area where we need it most -- our children . The recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows a 43 % drop in the obesity rate among children of preschool age over the past decade . Obesity rates drop for 2 - to 5-year-olds I will leave it to others to do the number crunching and parse the details of how this data was collected and analyzed , but I will say as a longtime warrior against obesity and unhealthy living these developments are welcome indeed . There has been no single effort that has brought about this dramatic decline -- if indeed it is as reported . Yes , the first lady 's office and the Let 's Move campaign deserve some credit for encouraging young people to become more active .  Full disclosure , as a member of the President 's Council on Fitness , Sports and Nutrition , I have worked with the campaign spreading the gospel of what regular activity and good nutrition can do for our youth and families . But there are thousands of organizations across the country , whether large advocacy groups or small church clubs , that have pulled out every trick in the bag to get children playing , exercising and spending less time in front of video games and TV programs . Hundreds of millions of dollars have been invested , from major corporations to professional sporting leagues such as the NFL and its Play 60 , to try to get the message across -- and it seems like it 's working . But let 's not start the happy dance just yet . Nutrition labels getting a makeover There is still a tremendously rugged and intimidating mountain in our path . Getting our children to move is just half the battle , but the other half -- nutrition -- is equally important . The state of the country 's nutritional offerings at school is nothing less than embarrassing . Having visited a Chicago public school recently to see what was being served in the cafeteria made me think that most overly groomed Shih Tzus on Park Avenue are eating better than millions of children sitting down to fried , high-calorie , low-nutritious foods that in some ways are barely recognizable with their descriptions on the menus . When are we going to wake up as a country and realize you ca n't expect young , fertile minds and growing bodies to perform at maximum capacity when we are pouring high-fructose corn syrup and other toxic chemicals down their mouths ? When are more government and school officials going to show the courage of former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and make broad , drastic changes in not just food content but food accessibility ? First lady : Childhood obesity is about fitness , not looks We need not just to teach our children how to make smart choices , but we also need not to tempt them with the ones we already know are bad and harmful . It 's a major problem that 's going to take major action , not major lip service . Why should schools even be allowed to serve soda and these sweet teas and other drinks that have more sugar in one serving than what should be consumed for an entire week ? For many of our young , a school meal will be the only and most nutritionally balanced meal they will consume all day , and that meal in most cases is still substandard . It 's time for a dramatic , out-of-the-box , take-no-prisoners overhaul . People who have no financial or political interest in what crosses the lunch table need to be at the real table deciding how to fix this mess that our country has slowly devolved into over the last couple of decades . School boards and vendor contracts and kickbacks and all other means of self-gain have tainted the system for far too long , and now the waistlines and blood sugar levels of our children are showing it . Kudos to the experts , families , schools and organizations that have been sounding the alarm for a long time and have been trying in their own way to make a difference . Kudos to the news media , which typically get this story right and give it the coverage it deserves . But before we get too excited and start high-fiving about this recent CDC report , let 's take a closer look at the real problems . Let 's challenge ourselves to think smarter and more courageously . Let 's do what it takes to ensure this new finding is n't just an odd plot on the graph but a new normal . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Ian Smith .	Dr. Ian Smith applauds apparent decline in childhood obesity but says more work must be done Smith says he 's concerned over the nutritional value of what our nation 's schools are serving Smith : Overly groomed Park Avenue pooches may be eating better than schoolchildren Smith : You ca n't expect young minds to do well with diets of high-fructose corn syrup
During CNN 's "  Going Green : Green Light for Business " coverage , we 've asked businesses to tell us how they balance the imperative for profit with environmental concerns . First up is the co-founder of Hong Kong-based DIAZ Fine Jewelry , Salina Khan Fuchigami , whose business packages cubic zirconia diamonds in an environmental wrapping . Growing up surrounded by generations of jewelry wearing tradition , I was drawn to the brilliance and transparency of diamonds from an early age . Later , it was the fact that diamonds are a unique resource , evoking beauty and eternal love that lead me to found DIAZ Fine Jewelry . Salina Khan Fuchigami co-founded DIAZ Fine Jewelry with her husband Takashi . However , as I began to learn beyond the basics and beauty of diamonds , I began to discover the many environmental and ethical issues related to them . And the once simple wish to create a line of exquisite diamond jewelry grew into a mission -- to create an ecologically and ethically correct jewelry brand . I was one of many who were understandably concerned to learn that jewelry they had as a symbol of love may have come at a terrible human and environmental cost . Although the social and ethical issues associated with conflict diamonds were the impetus at the core of the DIAZ philosophy , the serious environmental impacts of the diamond industry could not be ignored . There 's an undeniable link between the degradation of our global environment and consumer culture . The trouble is that these days , things are so nicely packaged , presented and displayed that we hardly ever question how the raw materials used to produce the goods are extracted and processed . We rarely think of how it all affects the environment and humankind . It 's impossible to assess exactly how much devastation one single diamond could have caused before it was cut , polished , set and sold at a high-end retailer . It 's hard to imagine what a diamond mine looks like by looking at the "  stunning sparklers " that are neatly displayed in shop windows . Somewhere along the way it became irrelevant to question the true cost of the stones . Diamond mining practices are not without huge ecological impacts . Whether extracted from a large-scale diamond mine using modern , clinical mining methods , or through small-scale artisanal alluvial diamond digging , the diamond industry faces environmental challenges just as with any mineral extraction . Land disturbance , which involves the shifting of large quantities of soil from the earth , is interlinked with issues of waste and water pollution as well as huge impacts on biodiversity . Through my company , I knew I could offer an alternative to mined-diamond jewelry of equal beauty and quality -- using lab-created jewels and meticulous craftsmanship -- jewelry that evoked beauty and eternal love , and that was truly transparent . As with any environmental or ethical issue , education , knowledge and action are the keys to ending unnecessary harm . So , as the business grew , we made sure each of our customers received an info-leaflet with every purchase . We began donating proceeds from our sales to grassroots organizations that ran mine-reclamation projects promoting organic farming and biodiversity in mining towns in Sierra Leone , a country devastated by civil war that was fueled by diamonds and now has a landscape scarred by indiscriminate alluvial diamond mining . We began monitoring the working conditions at our workshop , and looking for more sustainable methods of packaging and delivering our jewelry . We found that our customers were happy to be a part of a solution and not the problem . The economic downturn , combined with an increasing awareness of the ecological and ethical facts surrounding diamonds , has meant an increase in customers who appreciate affordable luxury without any attached guilt . There 's no doubt that the choices we make and the actions we take today affect the fate of our planet and in turn our well being . With shifting consumer behavior and a changing economic and environmental climate , the time has come where being environmentally conscious is an imperative for all individuals and businesses alike .	CNN has asked businesses to explain their concept of "  Going Green " Jeweler Salina Khan Fuchigami uses cubic zirconia instead of diamonds Khan Fuchigami : "  Diamond mining practices have huge ecological impacts " Blog series is part of CNN 's "  Going Green " coverage from June 15 to July 10
Washington  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday sharply defended his government 's plan to build new housing on disputed land in East Jerusalem , a decision that has put Israel at odds with its leading ally . In a defiant speech to the leading pro-Israel lobby in the United States , Netanyahu said Jewish neighborhoods in East Jerusalem are "  an integral and inextricable part of modern Jerusalem . " "  The connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem can not be denied , " Netanyahu said to prolonged applause . "  The Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago , and the Jewish people are building Jerusalem today . Jerusalem is not a settlement . It is our capital . " Netanyahu 's Monday night speech to the U.S.-Israel Public Affairs Committee came nearly two weeks after Israel announced the planned construction of 1,600 new housing units in a disputed area claimed by both Israelis and Palestinians . That announcement came during U.S. Vice President Joe Biden 's visit to Israel and has strained ties between Netanyahu 's government and the Obama administration , which is pushing for new talks to end the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But Netanyahu said his government 's policies are in line with those of previous Israeli administrations , and that nearly half of Jerusalem 's Jewish population now lives in East Jerusalem , which Israel has occupied since 1967 . "  Everyone -- Americans , Europeans , Israelis , certainly Palestinians -- everyone knows that these neighborhoods will be part of Israel in any peace settlement , " Netanyahu said . "  Therefore , building them in no way precludes the possibility of a two-state solution . " Palestinian leaders have refused to rejoin peace talks until Israel freezes the construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . Netanyahu said his government has lifted roadblocks and checkpoints in the West Bank , temporarily halted construction and called on the Palestinians to come back to the negotiating table without delay . The prime minister met earlier with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who has called the Israel announcement insulting . In her own speech to AIPAC , she said the U.S. commitment to Israel 's security was rock-solid but added that as "  Israel 's friend , it is our responsibility to give credit when it is due and to tell the truth when it is needed . " "  Our credibility in this process depends in part on our willingness to praise both sides when they are courageous , and when we do n't agree , to say so , and say so unequivocally , " Clinton said . "  We objected to this announcement because we are committed to Israel and its security , which we believe depends on a comprehensive peace -- because we are determined to keep moving forward along a path that ensures Israel 's future as a secure and democratic Jewish state living in peace with its Palestinian and Arab neighbors . " The United States is Israel 's leading ally and provides nearly $ 3 billion a year in aid to the Jewish state , about three-quarters of which goes to purchase U.S. military equipment . AIPAC has called on the Obama administration to step back from its "  public demands and unilateral deadlines directed at Israel , " but Clinton defended the administration 's call for Israel to stop building in largely Arab East Jerusalem . Netanyahu met with Clinton for close to two hours Monday afternoon , a senior State Department official and an Israeli official said . Most of the session was one-on-one between Clinton and Netanyahu , though Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak joined the talks at the end , the officials said . Netanyahu had dinner with Biden on Monday evening and will meet with President Obama at the White House on Tuesday , the prime minister 's office said . Clinton focused much of her speech to AIPAC on the threat presented by Iran , telling her audience that "  Elements in Iran 's government have become a menace , both to their own people and in the region . " "  The United States is determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , " she vowed . "  Our aim is not incremental sanctions , but sanctions that will bite . It is taking time to produce these sanctions , and we believe that time is a worthwhile investment for winning the broadest possible support for our efforts . " And Netanyahu reiterated his government 's hard line regarding Iran , which has refused international demands to halt its production of nuclear fuel . He called the threat of an Iranian nuclear weapon a threat not only to Israel , but "  a grave threat to the region and to the world . " He received another prolonged ovation when he declared that Israel , which is widely believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , "  must always reserve the right to defend itself . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Netanyahu tells Israeli lobby that Jewish building in East Jerusalem will continue Commitment to Israel "  unwavering , enduring and forever , " Hillary Clinton says Secretary of state says U.S. will also continue to rebuke Israel when necessary Construction plans in East Jerusalem has strained U.S.-Israeli ties
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House has invoked executive privilege to keep President Bush 's top political adviser , Karl Rove , from having to testify Thursday about the firings of at least eight U.S. attorneys . The White House invoked executive privilege to keep Karl Rove from having to testify Thursday . Rove , "  as an immediate adviser to the president , " ca n't be ordered to testify and has been told not to appear , White House Counsel Fred Fielding told the Senate Judiciary Committee . The committee called Rove and his deputy , Scott Jennings , to testify Thursday morning . The White House says it is trying to protect the president 's ability to receive candid advice and offered to let top aides discuss the firings only if they were not placed under oath and no transcript was taken . "  It is regretted that the committee has forced this action , as the president 's offer of accommodation to you and to the House Judiciary Committee could have provided information being sought in a manner respectful of presidential prerogatives and consistent with a spirit of comity , " Fielding wrote . But Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , accused the White House of trying to cover up Rove 's role in the firings . He questioned why Rove discussed the matter publicly when the issue first made news , but now "  is suddenly unable to talk it about when he is under oath . " "  Mr. Rove has given reasons for the firings that have now been shown to be inaccurate , after-the-fact fabrications , " Leahy said in a statement issued Wednesday evening . "  Yet he now refuses to tell this committee the truth about his role in targeting well-respected U.S. attorneys for firing and in seeking to cover up his role and that of his staff in the scandal . " Mark Paoletta , a lawyer for Jennings , told CNN his client will appear before the Judiciary Committee but would refuse to answer questions he feels are covered by executive privilege . Former White House political director Sara Taylor testified under similar circumstances in July . The White House already has invoked executive privilege to block previous testimony by Taylor and former White House counsel Harriet Miers , who skipped a hearing in the House two weeks ago , and to keep Chief of Staff Josh Bolten from turning over documents subpoenaed as part of the inquiry . The panel voted to cite Miers and Bolten for contempt of Congress for failing to comply with subpoenas . The decision on whether to pursue any action on those citations lies with the Justice Department . The privilege claim can be challenged in court . But Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee , has said the courts would be unlikely to resolve any challenge before Bush leaves office . Vice President Dick Cheney dismissed the congressional investigation of the attorney firings as a "  witch hunt " during a CNN interview Tuesday . Democratic congressional leaders , however , say administration officials have been unable to answer their most basic questions -- who compiled the list of prosecutors to be dismissed , and why were they selected ? While the Bush administration has maintained that the prosecutors ' firings were handled properly , the controversy has led to the resignations of at least three top Justice Department officials and triggered widespread criticism of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , who repeatedly told a Senate committee in April that he did not recall details of the firings . Critics say the attorneys were forced out for political reasons , such as for failing to bring voter fraud cases pushed by Republican activists , and administration officials have acknowledged that one was fired to allow a Rove protege to take a post in Arkansas . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Executive privilege to keep Karl Rove from testifying about attorney firings White House says it is trying to protect president 's ability to receive candid advice White House invoked executive privilege to block other advisers ' testimony Senator accuses White House of trying to cover up Rove 's role in the firings
What 's better than a "  supermoon " ? Three supermoons ! The full moons of this summer -- July 12 , August 10 and September 9 -- are supermoons , as NASA calls them . The phenomenon happens when the moon becomes full on the same day as its perigee -- the point in the moon 's orbit when it 's closest to Earth . Supermoon linked to supercreativity ? We think so "  Generally speaking , full Moons occur near perigee every 13 months and 18 days , so it 's not all that unusual , " Geoff Chester of the U.S. Naval Observatory said in a statement from NASA . "  In fact , just last year there were three perigee Moons in a row , but only one was widely reported . " Chester was talking about the supermoon that happened in June last year . It was 14 % bigger and 30 % brighter than other full moons of 2013 , and garnered international headlines . Your stunning photos of starry skies The moon-loving public from around the world got into the act and posted numerous photos of this weekend 's supermoon on Twitter . "  Loving this super moon on the coast of NC tonight . " one woman tweeted . "  Super moon looks incredible right now !!! " a man tweeted . NASA stressed that sometimes it 's hard to tell the difference between a supermoon and a regular full moon , as clouds and haze can mask a difference in brightness . "  There 's a part of me that wishes that this ` super-Moon ' moniker would just dry up and blow away , like the ` Blood-Moon ' that accompanied the most recent lunar eclipse , because it tends to promulgate a lot of mis-information , " Chester said in his statement . "  However , if it gets people out and looking at the night sky and maybe hooks them into astronomy , then it 's a good thing . "	A supermoon is larger and brighter than an average full moon It happens when the moon is full and at its closest point to Earth One took place Saturday , and others will happen August 10 and September 9
CNN  -- I have no idea why my 3-year-old wants to be a cowboy for Halloween this year , because she wo n't tell me . That 's OK . I do n't need to know her reasoning to make it happen . Thanks to her outdoorsy grandparents who live in the Colorado mountains , we already have the cowboy hat and handkerchief . We found a great pair of overalls on sale for $ 1.69 at the local Salvation Army store . But we still needed a cowboy jacket , a flannel shirt and boots . And whatever else might make her look like a 3-foot version of a cowboy . Entering a temporary Halloween store that popped up in our town , I headed to the kids ' costume section . The little girls ' costumes seemed odd to me -- so many little skirts attached to superheroes and vampires . Even if I could find a cowgirl costume among all the girly-girl stuff , my girl would probably find a cowgirl skirt pointless . How would she ride her toy horse with a skirt ? Sidesaddle ? As I turned toward to the boys ' section to continue the search for accessories , I saw the costume that scared me more than any vampire or ghost : the little black dress . Posed seductively like a brown-haired version of JonBenet Ramsey , the child model on the package looked 4 or 5 years old . I could n't imagine the photographer asking that little girl to pose that way . Previously on CNN : Parents , do n't dress your girls like tramps Americans are expected to spend $ 1 billion on children 's costumes this year , up from $ 840 million last year , according to a National Retail Federation survey . From my limited scan of Halloween costumes on sale this year , sexy costumes for younger girls are flooding the marketplace . Many women I know have that little black dress , a somewhat slinky number that could be a cocktail dress or a basis for a suggestive black cat . But a grown woman makes a choice to dress in such a sexually suggestive outfit for Halloween or any other night of the year . She knows a sexy dress is going to garner a different reaction than Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz , but she can take precautions to stay safe from the weirdos . A child has no idea what 's going on . "  The message to our girls  with these costumes  is that they ca n't be too sexy , and they ca n't be sexy too soon , " says Melissa Wardy , founder of Pigtail Pals , a clothing line for adventurous girls , who has blogged about sexy Halloween costumes . "  It 's disgusting . She just potty trained . There 's nothing sexual about her . " It can also be dangerous . "  Dressing girls like grown women for Halloween communicates that they have the sexuality of adults , in the bodies of children , " says Teresa Downing-Matibag , an assistant professor of sociology at Iowa State University . "  While little girls themselves likely have very little awareness of adult or even adolescent sexuality , or what sex is really about , the adults who are seeing them on the streets do . We are also communicating to adults that little girls are sexually appealing , and this message has tragic implications for their vulnerability to sexual abuse . " The sexualizing of Halloween costumes for young girls is part of a larger marketing trend emphasizing girls ' outsides over their insides , says Michele Yulo , founder of the Princess Free Zone , featuring superhero Super Tool Lula on T-shirts and in a new book . "  Marketers basically decide what is ` girl ' and what is ` boy , ' which ultimately leads to two very distinct ways to profit as well as a blind acceptance from the consumer who , often , does n't realize it 's happening , " Yulo says . "  Girls are inundated from a very young age with inappropriate messaging by way of products like ` skinny ' jeans for toddlers , or T-shirts that say , ` I 'm too pretty to do homework , so my brother does it for me , ' and sexy Halloween costumes . Kids begin to codify other kids by placing them in strict categories that they 've been taught -- not born with . Inevitably , kids begin to believe that girls need to be sexy , and boys believe it , too . " What girls hear is who they are is how they look , and how they have to look is "  hot , " which is creating problems for girls at an ever-younger age , says Peggy Orenstein , author of "  Cinderella Ate My Daughter : Dispatches from the Front Lines of the New Girly-Girl Culture . " "  Girls are learning at the youngest ages that their value comes from how they look , and the definition of attractive is very narrowly defined as being sexy or sassy  for the younger girls  , " Orenstein says . "  Sexuality is imposed upon them inappropriately , and they are encouraged to define their bodies -- not by how their bodies feel to themselves , but by how they look to others . This creates vulnerabilities for girls to the pitfalls we worry about -- distorted body image , eating disorders , depression and unhealthy sexual behavior . " Diane Murray of Wood-Ridge , New Jersey , has given up on store-bought costumes for her kids after ordering a SpongeBob SquarePants costume that turned out to be less than she had bargained for . Although it was supposedly the correct size for her 10-year-old daughter , "  the shirt was tight and the skirt was miniscule , barely covering her rear end . " "  I was thinking how embarrassed I would be to have her walk around in that costume , and she was embarrassed as well , " Murray says . "  Dressing up as a sexpot is not part of my vision for a happy , healthy childhood . Outfits like that not only suggest a style of dress that is inappropriate but also emphasize the notion of dressing to titillate men , rather than dressing in clothes that make you feel good about yourself . " What can a parent do this Halloween to protect kids from growing up too fast ? Emphasize your child 's imagination . Yulo 's daughter is going to be a baseball slugger -- no skirts please . How do you slide into home plate safely in a skirt ?  Even though Geena Davis had to do it in "  A League of Their Own . "  Murray 's daughter is going as a Goth girl -- all black clothes and makeup . Other ideas : "  Girls can dress up as dragons , monsters , spies , secret agents , mummies , queens , and even Peter Pan and the Fairy Godmother , " Downing-Matibag said . "  They can be Captain Hook , Santa Claus , the Lone Ranger and cowgirls , as well as lion tamers , scary clowns , astronauts , firefighters , sea captains , rock stars and Indy 500 racers . " Think comfort and safety . If your daughter will be running from one house to the next , make sure she wears shoes she can run in and warm clothing that protects her from the cold . If she 's bundled up , she 's not likely to be wearing that little black dress . Think cheap . My neighborhood listserv is filled with parent requests for costumes in specific sizes to borrow , rent or buy . I know someone is going to enjoy my daughter 's infant ladybug costume this year . I received it a couple of years ago from another parent who had bought it first . There 's also inspiration at your local thrift store , where I got part of my daughter 's costume cheap . Make them . Try some last-minute ideas from websites such as Real Simple .	Some Halloween costumes marketed to young girls are too provocative , author says Think comfort and safety when helping your child pick out a costume If you are uncomfortable with the available choices , you can always make a costume
CNN  -- Lionel Messi continued his assault on the record for most goals in a calendar year as Barcelona moved three points clear in Spain with a 5-0 win at Rayo Vallecano on Saturday . The Argentina star netted twice , taking him to 73 overall in 2012 -- just two short of the mark set by the legendary Brazilian Pele in 1959 , and 12 behind the milestone set by German striker Gerd Muller in 1972 . He gave Barca a comfortable 2-0 lead three minutes after the break with his 300th for club and country , adding to David Villa 's first-half opener , and wrapped up the scoring in the 89th minute . It took the 25-year-old to a leading 13 goals in La Liga this season and 17 in all competitions . The victory put more pressure on second-placed Atletico Madrid , who host Osasuna on Sunday . Defending champions Real Madrid , now 11 points adrift of their arch-rivals , can not afford to slip up in the trip to Real Mallorca . Barca thrashed Vallecano 7-0 in last season 's corresponding fixture , but this time the home side looked like earning a more respectable result after a first half featuring striker Villa 's fourth league goal this season , courtesy of Cesc Fabregas ' ninth assist . But Messi smashed in a superb 48th-minute effort after Marc Montoya delivered from the right , then 25 minutes later veteran midfielder Xavi netted his 50th in La Liga from fullback Jordi Alba 's cutback . Fabregas volleyed in Pedro 's cross soon after , and Messi rounded the keeper to make it a five-star showing and extend new coach Tito Vilanova 's unbeaten run in the league . Earlier Saturday , third-placed Malaga lost ground on the leaders after being held 0-0 at Espanyol , a result which left Manuel Pellegrini 's team seven points behind Barca . Real Betis moved up to fourth with a 1-0 win at home to Valencia , while Celta Vigo drew 1-1 with third-bottom Deportivo La Coruna . Meanwhile in Italy , AC Milan bounced back from the Champions League defeat by Malaga to snatch a much-needed victory against Genoa . With coach Massimiliano Allegri under pressure after the club 's worst start to a season since the 1940s , and owner Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to jail for tax evasion , the Rossoneri were indebted to a 77th-minute goal from young striker Stephan El Shaarawy . The Italy international marked his 20th birthday with a close-range finish that lifted Milan up to eighth place , with three wins from nine games . Genoa , in the club 's first match under new coach Luigi Del Neri , remained in midtable . In Saturday 's other match , bottom club Siena drew 0-0 with Palermo . Champions Juventus travel to Catania on Sunday while second-placed Napoli host Chievo .	Lionel Messi scores twice as Barcelona move three points clear in la Liga He has now scored 73 goals in 2012 as he bids to beat Gerd Muller 's record Third-placed Malaga lose ground on leaders after being held to a draw AC Milan bounce back from European defeat with much-needed Serie A win
CNN  -- Searchers in the Democratic Republic of Congo on Sunday looked for about 100 people still missing from a shipwreck that more than 200 people survived and in which nine are confirmed dead . The boat sank around 9:30 p.m. local time  3:30 p.m. ET  Friday along the Congo River near Maluku , which is part of the capital city of Kinshasa in the western part of the central African nation , according to a United Nations radio report . The vessel -- the MB Mobek , which was early into its route and was carrying several tons of merchandise -- went down after striking an obstacle . Maluku Mayor Papy Epiana told UN Radio on Sunday that authorities do n't have a copy of the ship 's manifest "  because we have n't seen the general or the commander . " But they believe about 100 people are missing , while more than 200 survived . "  We have recovered nine bodies since Friday , " Epiana said . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez reported from Atlanta , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story .	A ship carrying about 300 people and tons of merchandise wrecks in the Congo River Since Friday , authorities have confirmed nine dead and about 200 survivors About 100 people who had been aboard the ship are still believed to be missing
CNN  -- They clean up rivers , build homes for disabled veterans and bring health care to some of the darkest parts of the world . They help children who are fighting cancer , poverty and a lack of opportunity . These are the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 . For their extraordinary efforts to change the world , each of these everyday people will receive $ 50,000 and be recognized at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs Sunday , December 1 . One of the top 10 will be named CNN Hero of the Year and receive an additional $ 250,000 for his or her cause . The Hero of the Year was chosen through a five-week public vote on CNN.com . The tribute show will be hosted by Anderson Cooper at the American Museum of Natural History in New York . "  I 've long admired the CNN Heroes tribute , but even more , the heroes themselves , " said Jeff Zucker , the president of CNN Worldwide . "  We are proud to share the stories of these 10 exceptional individuals and to continue one of CNN 's most important traditions . " This is the seventh year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those years , the campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . This year 's top 10 were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN . Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2013 , in alphabetical order : Dale Beatty After Dale Beatty lost his legs in the Iraq war , his community thanked him for his service by helping him build a home . To pay it forward , Beatty co-founded Purple Heart Homes , which has helped build or modify homes for dozens of disabled U.S. veterans . "  We would n't leave someone behind on the battlefield , " Beatty said . "  Why would we do it at home ? " Georges Bwelle For decades , Georges Bwelle watched his father suffer , unable to get the medical attention he needed . Now a doctor , Bwelle travels into the jungles of his native Cameroon nearly every weekend , providing free medical care for those who do n't have access to good health care . "  To make people laugh , to reduce the pain , that 's why I 'm doing this , " he said . Robin Emmons More than 72,000 people in Charlotte , North Carolina , lack access to fresh produce . When Robin Emmons discovered this problem , she took action . "  I decided to rip up my whole backyard and make it all a garden for people in need , " she said . Since 2008 , Emmons has grown more than 26,000 pounds of fruits and vegetables for area residents . Danielle Gletow Foster children do n't often get the things other children do , but Danielle Gletow is trying to help change that . She posts their wishes online so the public can help grant them . "  I 'm here to be the mom to all these kids who might not feel like they have one , " she said . Since 2008 , her group has helped grant more than 6,500 wishes in 42 states . Tawanda Jones Tawanda Jones is using dance to empower the youth of Camden , New Jersey , one of the poorest cities in the country . Through Jones ' drill team program , at least 4,000 children have learned discipline , respect and community service -- and all of them have graduated high school . "  We need to take back our city and , most importantly , take back our youth , " Jones said . Richard Nares For many children fighting cancer , it can be extremely tough to make it to their chemotherapy appointments . But Richard Nares started a group that gives them transportation and support . "  No child should miss their cancer treatment due to lack of transportation , " said Nares , who lost his son to leukemia in 2000 . Kakenya Ntaiya Kakenya Ntaiya is inspiring change in her native Kenyan village . After becoming the first woman in the village to attend college in the United States , she returned to open the village 's first primary school for girls . "  Our work is about empowering the girls , " Ntaiya said . "  They are dreaming of becoming lawyers , teachers , doctors . " Chad Pregracke Chad Pregracke has made it his life 's work to clean up the Mississippi River and other American waterways . Since 1998 , about 70,000 volunteers have helped Pregracke remove more than 7 million pounds of garbage from 22 rivers across the country . "  Picking up garbage , it 's tough , miserable and hot , " Pregracke said . "  We try to make it fun . " Estella Pyfrom Estella Pyfrom used her life savings to create "  Estella 's Brilliant Bus , " a mobile computer lab that provides tutoring for thousands of low-income students in Palm Beach County , Florida . "  It 's not just a bus , it 's a movement , " Pyfrom said . "  And we 're going to keep making a difference . " Laura Stachel Laura Stachel created a special "  solar suitcase " to help health-care workers deliver babies in more than 20 developing countries . "  I really want a world where women can deliver babies safely and with dignity , " Stachel said . As part of their award package , each top 10 Hero will also receive free organizational training from the Annenberg Foundation , a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide . The Heroes will participate in a customized version of the Annenberg Alchemy program , which offers practical guidance to help strengthen organizations for long-term success .	The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 each receive $ 50,000 for their efforts to help change the world They will also be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which airs December 1 The Hero of the Year , chosen by CNN 's global audience , receives an additional $ 250,000
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three years ago Tuesday , Leslie Marva Adams , an attractive , 40-year-old hair stylist from Atlanta , Georgia , chatted on the phone with her mother in the morning . Leslie Adams , 40 , filed a restraining order against an old boyfriend and disappeared three years ago . It was the last conversation she would have with a family member . On the third anniversary of Adams ' disappearance , her family is still waiting for answers . Her daughter , Cierra Burk , 19 , clings to the belief that Adams is alive . "  We will find her , " Burk says . The family became concerned when Adams failed to show up for her sister 's birthday party the day after she talked on the phone with her mother . Two days after the missed party , Adams was officially reported missing . At her apartment in suburban Lilburn , police found evidence suggesting foul play -- a 12-inch blood stain near her bed and a .45 - caliber bullet casing . Adams ' car was parked in her driveway and a handwritten note was found on her door . Investigators soon learned the note was from her sister , Roberta . It said , "  Leslie , we 're worried about you , please call me as soon as possible . " Watch how the mystery began with a missed party " Adams had been having trouble with her ex-boyfriend , Billy Joe Cook , in the days leading up to her disappearance . She had accused him of stalking her and had filed a restraining order . In the court document , she alleged that Cook had verbally and physically abused her . She said she feared for her life . A temporary restraining order was granted by the court , but Adams vanished before a scheduled hearing on the matter . Phyllis Adams said her daughter told her in their final conversation that she had argued with Cook over the phone on the previous day . According to the temporary restraining order , Cook was not to have any contact with Adams . Police brought Cook in for questioning and learned he had spoken to Adams on the phone twice the day before she last spoke to her family . Although he was questioned extensively , police have not named Cook a suspect . Police say he was very cooperative and there is no evidence suggesting his involvement in her disappearance , although they have not ruled him or anyone else out as a potential suspect or person of interest . Just when they thought the trail had gone cold , police found what could be a lead in the case . In May 2007 , clothing was recovered that could belong to the missing hair-dresser . Police found a pair of men 's size 8 Reebok sneakers , size 10 capri pants , and a black sweater in the woods along I-85 in Franklin County , 90 miles from Adams ' home in Atlanta . They also discovered human bones and a breast implant near the clothing . Police have sent the remains to a DNA testing lab and they have yet to be identified . The results are inconclusive , and police continue to collect DNA samples from Adams family members for future tests . Leslie Marva Adams is an African-American female who stands 5 feet 5 inches , weighs 130 pounds , and has breast implants . Family members fear the remains could be Leslie Adams , but they are still hopeful that she will be found alive and well . Burk , Adams ' daughter , says she struggles with her emotions at this time of year . "  I still believe she is alive and we will find her , but this time of year is very hard , " she said , fighting the tears . "  It 's my aunt 's birthday , the day my mom did n't show up and we never saw her again , so it 's hard not to break down . " Police and family urge anyone with information on the whereabouts of Leslie Adams to call the Gwinett County Police Department at 770513-5300 . There is a $ 25,000 reward for information that helps locate Leslie Adams or leads to the arrest of the person responsible for her disappearance .	Atlanta hair stylist Leslie Marva Adams disappeared three years ago She failed to show up at her sister 's birthday party Adams had taken out a restraining order against an ex-boyfriend Police continue with DNA tests to determine if skeletal remains are hers
CNN  -- For Omara Moctar , the electrifying Tuareg guitarist better known as "  Bombino , " there is no better place to play music than the majestic starkness of the desert . "  There 's the heat , there 's the wind , but after all of that , you find yourself at night in the most beautiful place , " says Bombino , who is part of a new generation of Tuareg musicians performing "  desert rock " on a global stage . "  The stars seem to be right there , next to you ... and the night feels good -- sometimes with the light of the moon and the changing dune colors , it 's unbelievable , really . " Inspired by the changing landscape of the Niger desert , Bombino 's haunting jams capture life in the desert and the spirit of his people . His almost mystic sound evokes the searing heat , the blustery wind and the shimmering horizon of the Sahel , combining music of the ages with riffs of Western blues and rock . Read more : Street musicians unite world through songs Following in the footsteps of fellow Tuareg musicians -- and now international stars -- Tinariwen , Bombino 's debut album has attracted critical acclaim from around the world . Called "  Agadez " -- named after the largest town in northern Niger -- Bombino 's album honors Tuareg culture , the hardships of youth and love . "  With music we can have dialogue , " says Bombino , who lists Malian guitarist Ali Farka Toure and Jimi Hendrix as major influences on him . "  We can talk openly and explain ourselves without using violence , which is n't necessary . " The Tuareg are nomadic tribesmen in the Sahara and Sahel regions . Along with fighting the harsh climate of the endless desert , they have also been battling for their independence in the last 20 years , staging rebellions against the governments in Niger and Mali . Born in 1980 , Bombino spent his childhood on the move as one rebellion followed another . He first picked up a guitar at the age of 12 while in exile in Algeria , where he had fled with members of his family after the first Tuareg rebellion in Mali and Niger . When democracy dawned in Niger , Bombino returned home . "  I went back to Agadez and at the time in Agadez to have access to instruments or a place to play , we needed to be part of a political party , " he remembers . "  It was then they named me ` Bombino . " Read more : Ladysmith Black Mambazo : How we inspired Mandela He spent the following years honing his craft as a working musician , performing at weddings and political rallies . But Bombino was forced to leave Niger once again in 2007 after two of his band members were killed in another uprising . He and thousands of others fled seeking refuge in Mali , Algeria and Burkina Faso . It was in Ouagadougou , the capital of Burkina Faso , where he was tracked by Ron Wyman , the American documentary maker of "  Agadez : The Music and the Rebellion . " "  Ron was in Agadez in 2007 , " says Bombino . "  When he left for Iferouane , he got my cassette and he had it in his stereo during his entire trip in the desert . " Bombino 's imaginative guitar playing and hypnotizing grooves entranced Wyman who embarked on a year-long mission to find the Tuareg musician . "  Ron came to Ouagadougou first and he told me about his documentary . Then , we made the album , " says Bombino Read also : Meet Asa , African pop legend in the making The guitarist and songwriter recorded part of his debut offering at Wyman 's house in the United States . Then they both went back to Agadez to complete the album that has won scores of fans of across the world and made Bombino an influential voice back home . Today Bombino is using his growing status to bring peace and celebration in troubled Niger . "  Everyone has had enough and does not want to return to the same situation , " says Bombino "  A musician in Tuareg society is a person who is always well-received , " he notes . "  I 'm in contact with the Niger government to make a small tour happen to calm and soothe the youth , and it 's important to see this peace that we bring . "	Omara "  Bombino " Moctar is part of a new generation of Tuareg musicians The guitarist from Niger combines music of the ages with riffs of Western blues and rock His haunting sounds captures life in the desert and the spirit of his people
CNN  -- A story told about Marine Gen. John Allen while commanding troops in Iraq describes his ability to inspire the loyalty . A mortar shell landed near a mess hall where Allen was eating , sending a young soldier under the table for cover . Allen , who remained upright during the attack , bent over and said to him , "  Son , you 're not going to win the war from down there . " Allen may be tempted to find cover under a mess hall table this week as he has been entangled in the sex scandal that ended the career of Gen. David Petraeus , who he followed as commander of international troops in Afghanistan . Petraeus pillow talk : ' A spy agency 's worst nightmare ' An investigation into "  flirtatious " e-mail exchanges between Allen and Jill Kelley , the woman whose complaint about anonymous , harassing e-mails uncovered Patraeus ' affair with Paula Broadwell , has put Allen 's promotion as NATO commander on hold . The married father of two daughters did not have an affair with Kelley , who is also married , according to a senior official close to the general . What we know so far "  Allen has never been alone with her , " the official said . "  He does everything with his wife . " Allen , who has a habit of replying to every e-mail he gets , never wrote about sex although he may have said "  thanks sweetheart , " in casual e-mail conversation , the official said . Allen 's stellar career in the U.S. Marines has made it hard for those who know him to write him off because of the controversy . Allen became the first U.S. Marine to command the International Security Assistance Force - Afghanistan and United States Forces when he took over from Patraeus in July 2011 . Photos : Who 's who in the Petraeus scandal President Obama will keep him in his Afghanistan post for now . "  He has faith in General Allen , believes he is doing and has done an excellent job at ISAF , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . "  His leadership has been instrumental in achieving the significant progress that ISAF , working alongside our Afghan partners , has made in bringing greater security to the Afghan people in ensuring that Afghanistan never again becomes a safe haven for terrorists , " Defense Department spokesman George Little said . Fran Townsend , who served as Homeland Security Adviser in the last Bush administration , called him "  a competent , respected , admired leader of troops . " Allen 's military career began when he graduated with honors from the Naval Academy in1976 . He returned there in 1988 to teach in the political science department , earning the "  military instructor of the year " award in 1990 . Timeline of the Petraeus affair He became the first Marine to be appointed commandant of midshipmen , the second highest post at the Naval Academy , in 2002 . When Allen was promoted from colonel to brigadier general in 2003 , he was made principal director of Asian and Pacific Affairs in the Office of the Secretary of Defense . He held the position for nearly three years . He served in Iraq as commanding general of the 2d Marine Expeditionary Brigade from 2006 to 2008 . He championed the "  Sunni Awakening " strategy that organized and paid former insurgents or sympathizers who turned against al Qaeda . Opinion : 5 things we 've learned from Petraeus scandal Allen was posted in Tampa , Florida , as deputy commander the U.S. Central Command from July 2008 until June 2011 , when he took over the Afghanistan command . It was in Tampa that Allen met Jill Kelley , who was already a friend of Patraeus . Allen holds three master degrees -- from Georgetown University , the Defense Intelligence College and the National War College . The left chest of his Marine dress uniform is covered with military decorations , including the Defense Distinguished Service Medal , the Defense Superior Service Medal , and the Legion of Merit with three Gold Stars in lieu of four awards . Bergen : Obama 's choices for CIA boss CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Gen. Allen 's stellar Marine career makes it hard for those who know him to write him off Allen has a habit of replying to every e-mail he gets , an official close to him says Allen did not have an affair with Jill Kelley , the official says Allen is a married father of two daughters
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan 's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter , the fastest pace on record , the government said on Wednesday . A homeless man pulls his cart filled with possessions and goods for recycling on March 18 in Osaka , Japan . The January-March quarter for Japan was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year , according to figures released by the Cabinet Office . Exports fell 26 percent on quarter , while imports were down 15 percent . The GDP slide in the world 's second-largest economy is the greatest drop among the world 's leading economies . By comparison , GDP in the United States fell 6.1 percent on an annual basis . This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted . Analysts say the drop reflects cuts in domestic spending with job cuts , factory closings and less capital spending as a result of spiraling sales abroad . The news punctuates a month of poor economic news out of Japan in recent weeks . Panasonic , one of the world 's largest makers of electronic devices , announced it lost nearly $ 4 billion in the fiscal year ending March 31 . Hitachi lost $ 8 billion in the fiscal year , with consolidated revenues down 11 percent from last year , the largest loss ever recorded by a Japanese manufacturer . NEC Corporation lost $ 3 billion in the past fiscal year , down nearly 11.5 percent from last year . Meanwhile , Nissan lost $ 2.3 billion for the year.Sony Corp. announced net losses of $ 1 billion for the fiscal year ending March 31 , finishing a year in the red for the first time in 14 years .	Japan 's GDP fell 4 percent last quarter , the fastest pace on record . First quarter GDP was 15.4 percent lower than the same time period last year This was the fourth straight quarter the Japanese economy contracted
CNN  -- Paignton Zoo in Devon , England , is n't monkeying around with their animals ' diets anymore . Zookeepers are trading the monkeys ' favorite fruit in for green leafy vegetables , saying bananas grown for human consumption are full of sugar and calories . "  Wait , even the fruit is n't healthy anymore ? What 's left ?!?! " CNN reader NeoPrudentist posted in what was soon rated the No. 1 comment on the story . What 's left , indeed . First coffee . Then salmon . Now this ? Not to worry -- this is n't a case of human see , human do . Despite sharing more than 90 % of our DNA with these fuzzy primates , humans have some very distinct differences in anatomy . Those English zookeepers are n't totally wrong . All fruit contains sugar , and bananas are slightly denser calorie-wise than other types of fruit . But when it comes to nutritional bang for your buck , bananas are hard to beat . Just remember -- no monkey business : Eat 'em in moderation . Sugar Bananas contain about 14 grams of sugar . You may have heard that sugar from fruit is better than the sugar you find in candy . But sugar has the same molecular structure whether it comes from a kiwi or a cupcake . Both contain fructose and glucose , although in varying proportions . Neither kind of sugar is really better or worse for you , experts say ; the body just processes them differently . Fructose is broken down in your liver , while glucose starts to break down in your stomach and needs insulin to be fully metabolized . The good thing about fruit is that the sugar often comes with fiber , which slows digestion and gives the body time to use it as fuel instead of storing it as fat . Speaking of fiber ... Bananas have about 3.1 grams of fiber . Unripe bananas are slightly better for you than ripe bananas , experts say . Greener bananas contain what 's called resistant starch , a type of fiber that your body has trouble absorbing . Studies show resistant starch fills you up and may even help you burn fat . Unripe bananas score 30 out of 100 on the glycemic index ; ripe ones score about 50 . The index indicates how quickly a carbohydrate increases your blood sugar levels . Low-GI foods may help you lose weight because they help control appetite and delay hunger , according to the University of Sydney . Power boost ! Every long-distance runner knows the power of a good banana . The fruit contains high levels of potassium and magnesium -- two nutrients athletes lose when they sweat . Bananas also have a chemical property that may help control stomach pain and reduce your risk of diarrhea or constipation , according to LiveStrong.com . That 's not all . One banana offers about 25 % of your daily need for vitamin B6 . B6 is important for about 100 different metabolic enzyme reactions , according to the National Institutes for Health , and is involved in brain development during pregnancy and infancy .	A medium-sized banana has about 105 calories and only 0.5 grams of fat Bananas do contain 14 grams of sugar , but that comes with a healthy dose of fiber Bananas also offer potassium , magnesium and vitamin B6
New York  CNN  -- With chants and banners , opponents of the planned construction of an Islamic community center and mosque near ground zero faced off Sunday with demonstrators in favor of the facility . Hundreds of critics and supporters of the proposed center in New York showed up despite an overcast and drizzly sky to express their views amid the national debate over the facility . Police estimated that supporters of the center numbered up to 250 , and critics numbered about 450 during the demonstration . iReport : See , share your images and opinions with CNN A banner on the anti-center side said , "  Land of the free . Stop sharia before it stops you , " referring to Islamic law . Another sign read , "  No mosque here . Preserve the dignity of our loved ones killed on 9/11 . " Opponent Mike Meehan said he would not be opposed to the center if it were built elsewhere in the city , "  just not down here , please . ... It 's just too close to ground zero . " Another critic , Shawn Gilfeather , called it "  a breeding ground for terrorists . " "  I think the people that are backing , the people that are funding it , are actually in cahoots with them ... the terrorists , " Gilfeather added . "  I do n't think they 're just people practicing religion . I think there 's something more . " Those in favor of the construction said freedom of religion was the main issue in the debate . "  There are many Muslims who lost Muslim family members at ground zero , so when they come to visit ground zero as a memorial , they should be able to walk two blocks down and pray for their loved ones , " supporter Ali Akram said . Others said Americans need to set an example of tolerance to the rest of the world . "  It would be giving in to bigotry and intolerance to demand that it be moved and I think in the end , it makes us less safe because we need to show the world that we are a tolerant , open society , " supporter Ruth Massie said . Lt. Col. Chris Dzubek , an Army reservist preparing to head to Iraq , agreed , saying developers have "  the right and the ability to do it wherever they would like . " "  That 's what I like about the country is the ability for people who disagree with one another to hash it out without guns , " Dzubek said . At the conclusion of the protest , those opposed to the construction marched by ground zero . The Islamic center 's leaders say the $ 100 million facility calls for a community center including a mosque , performing arts center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces . It will be built near where the World Trade Center was destroyed by Islamic extremists on September 11 , 2001 . The attacks killed more than 2,700 people . Some New Yorkers say an Islamic center near the site is a painful affront . The Coalition to Honor Ground Zero organized the rally against the construction of the center . The NYC Coalition to Stop Islamophobia staged the counter-protest . Plans to build the center near the site have stirred emotions nationwide . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released earlier this month marked nationwide opposition to the proposed facility at 68 percent . "  What that tells me is the wounds of 9/11 have n't healed , and I think if they have n't , perhaps we can find ways to bring about that healing by perhaps creating a situation where people will feel more comfortable , " New York Gov. David Paterson said last week . Paterson said there is no local , state or federal statute that prevents the construction of the facility . On Sunday , Daisy Khan , who is heading the development of the project with her husband , said moving the project to another site is not under consideration for now . She added that a move could be considered after consultations with "  all major stakeholders . " "  We have to be very careful and deliberate in making any move , " Khan said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Protesters march by ground zero The planned $ 100 million facility includes a mosque It will be built a few blocks from the site of the World Trade Center Critics say an Islamic center near the site is a painful affront
Dzanga Bai is a magical place of natural wonder . It is on the Central African Republic 's southwest border with the Republic of Congo and is widely considered the most important gathering place for forest elephants in the entire Congo basin . For decades -- and probably centuries -- elephants by the hundreds from across the region have congregated there , reconnecting with family members and drinking the mineral-rich waters . Last May , a group of heavily armed men , believed to be linked to the Seleka rebel group , entered Dzanga Bai and slaughtered a reported two dozen elephants . By the time Dzanga Bai 's elephant carcasses were discovered , the perpetrators were gone , leaving in their wake a horrific crime scene of heads carved up for their precious ivory . Tusks like these , typically destined for Asian markets , where growing demand has quickly driven up prices , have in recent years presented a new opportunity for quick cash to finance the operations of armed gangs from the Central African Republic east to Somalia . It is now widely understood that groups ranging from Darfur 's Janjaweed to Joseph Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army have turned to this revenue source . The growth of these groups , with funds from illegal wildlife trafficking , is destabilizing African governments even as it devastates populations of elephants , rhinos and other high value wildlife . Operating through terror and intimidation , roving rebel armies undermine democratic governance and responsible resource management while devastating regional economies through disruptions to tourism and local livelihoods . In meetings in the United States , Asia and Africa this year , we have listened as leaders have shared their growing anxiety . The new poachers are tied to criminal syndicates . Rifles and machetes have been enhanced or replaced with helicopters , night visions goggles , sophisticated telecommunications and automatic weapons . Local communities are terrified and national governments fear losing large swaths of territory to these gangs . Out of these conversations has emerged a challenge to the world -- from African nations -- to stop buying ivory . Representatives of the governments of Botswana , Cote d'Ivoire , Gabon , Liberia , Malawi , Tanzania and Uganda , along with the international nongovernmental organizations we represent , have gathered in New York this week to announce an important commitment through the Clinton Global Initiative . Together , we have three straightforward goals :  1  stop the killing ;  2  stop the trafficking ; and  3  stop the demand . To stop the killing and the trafficking , the international community can help states that make up the present range of the African elephant by providing equipment , training and expertise . President Obama recently dedicated $ 10 million for law enforcement efforts and the creation of a wildlife trafficking task force at the highest levels of the U.S. government , complementing existing U.S. initiatives . European and other nations , along with private citizens , need to join him in committing emergency resources to enforcement efforts in elephant landscapes and ivory trafficking ports . Despite a ban on international trade in ivory imposed under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora in 1989 , domestic sales remain legal in a number of countries , including the United States . Because these legal markets can provide a front for laundering illegal ivory into the trade , moratoria on domestic sales of ivory are also a vital part of anti-trafficking efforts . Stopping the demand requires new strategies . Removing the prestige associated with buying ivory requires creative new uses of social media and other tools to change consumption behavior in China and elsewhere . Once the demand for ivory is curtailed there will be little financial incentive for criminal groups to continue elephant poaching and trafficking . Yet because carved ivory is a centuries-old cultural tradition , this change will take time -- something the world 's dwindling elephant populations do n't have . That is why African nations with the greatest remaining elephant populations have begun to call for nations across the globe to stop selling and purchasing ivory until all African elephant populations have recovered to healthy levels . The devastating poaching crisis that has gripped Africa over the past decade has left multiple tragedies in its wake : the loss of roughly three-quarters of all remaining African forest elephants ; the murder of hundreds of courageous wildlife guards ; regional government resources stretched to their limits as villagers across sub-Saharan Africa live in daily terror . The initiative launched this week by representatives of elephant range states , ivory consumer nations , and our organizations has been endorsed by an unprecedented group of conservation partners that include the African Parks Network , the Association of Zoos and Aquariums , the Frankfurt Zoological Society , the Freeland Foundation , the International Conservation Caucus Foundation , National Geographic , Save the Elephants , TRAFFIC , WildAid , and Wildlife Direct . This effort is our best bet at saving these majestic , highly intelligent and socially complex creatures while bringing much-needed stability to governments whose hopes for a brighter future require that armed gangs no longer operate within their borders . Before it 's too late , let 's stop the killing , stop the trafficking and stop the demand .	Writers : Elephant poaching in Africa helps finance armed gangs and rebel armies They say this destabilizes nations , wipes out elephant population for ivory trade They say elephant range states , ivory consumer nations , NGOs have new plan to push back Writers : Stopping ivory demand by changing cultural behavior will help end poaching
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Extreme heat in major U.S. cities this week signals more than the arrival of the dog days of summer . City dwellers have long endured hot summer afternoons , but the frequency of extremely hot days -- when admissions to hospital emergency rooms for heat-related illnesses spike -- has increased substantially over the past several decades . An analysis of weather records at Georgia Tech reveals that the average number of heat-wave days in large U.S. cities each year had increased from nine in the mid-1950s to 19 by the mid-2000s . The news is even worse for the country 's most sprawling cities , such as Atlanta , Georgia ; Tampa , Florida ; and Raleigh , North Carolina : The number of heat-wave days in these cities has nearly tripled during the same time . There are two reasons for the increase in urban areas . First , temperatures in cities are rising because of the global greenhouse effect , which is intensifying as the vehicles we drive and the energy we consume emit more and more greenhouse gases . Second , and more important , cities are warming because of the loss of trees and other natural land cover to make way for buildings , streets , and parking lots , which are composed of materials that absorb far more thermal radiation than the natural landscape . Because of these two effects -- one global , the other local -- most large American cities are warming at more than twice the rate of their outlying rural areas and the planet as a whole , and this accelerated pace is at the root of the increasing frequency of heat waves . Much more than a source of discomfort , the growing frequency of heat waves in cities poses a significant public health threat . This was made clear by an intense and prolonged heat wave in Europe during the summer of 2003 , when it 's estimated more than 70,000 residents of France , Italy , Great Britain and other nations died from exposure to extreme heat . The majority of people who died lived in cities . With a death toll exceeding that of any other weather-related natural disaster in the developed world -- including hurricanes , tornadoes and floods -- the European heat wave attests to the growing risk of climate-related health threats , even in the most affluent and medically advanced societies . Yet the global response to this climate event -- one that reveals more about the profoundly changing environment in which we live than any other yet endured -- has largely been one of indifference . Less than a decade after the deadly heat wave , many outside of Europe do not even recall hearing of it . And fewer appreciate its central lesson : The extremity of the heat was greatly amplified and so made more dangerous by the cities themselves . So , as cities prepare over the coming days for the potential health impacts of a heat wave , it is imperative that urban governments look ahead and take aggressive action over the coming years to address the root causes of rising temperatures in cities . The good news is that cities do n't have to wait for the U.S. Congress or the global community to adopt highly effective programs . Programs already under way in New York , Los Angeles and other cities to plant millions of trees can measurably cool the air and dampen the extremity of heat waves over time . The preservation and restoration of greenspaces within and around urban areas are a critical first line of defense against climate change . Coupled with enhancing greenspace is the need to make built surfaces more highly reflective , to offset the absorption of solar energy . The use of lightly hued or whitewashed roofing and paving materials , as found in Mediterranean cities , is a proven tool for moderating summer temperatures . Finally , a long-term transition from sprawl and highways toward more compact urban development , featuring walkable neighborhoods and transit systems , can reduce the emission of waste heat from vehicles and buildings . This summer shows climate change is neither a theoretical problem nor one to be addressed by future generations : It is on display this week in major U.S. cities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Stone .	Brian Stone : Number of heat-wave days in U.S. cities has doubled since 1950s Stone says greenhouse effect , loss of trees and grass in cityscape are to blame Frequency of heat waves in cities a significant public health threat , he writes He urges planting greenery , making city surfaces reflective , better transit systems
CNN  -- A 9-year-old girl accidentally killed a shooting instructor with an Uzi on Monday , authorities in Arizona said , and now the world is asking itself an absolutely absurd question : Should a fourth-grader be legally allowed to shoot an Uzi ? The only answer to that question is : Hell fricking NO -- it should be against the law . Understand , I love shooting guns and so do my kids . My favorite gun is a 12-gauge over/under shotgun . Our teenage daughters prefer a .22 because it 's easier to aim and control . Other than hooking a large brown trout , there 's nothing more thrilling in my book than pulling the trigger on a shotgun and managing to hit a target . Kids and guns : What 's your parenting style ? But this is not a shotgun . This is a fully automatic machine gun developed by the Israeli army . It is capable of firing 600 to 650 bullets a minute . As this Uzi pumps out 10 bullets a second , the kickback is substantial . It is designed to be fired by a soldier during war , not a fourth-grader on vacation . It 's too powerful , it 's too big and it 's too deadly . Many adult novices ca n't control that weapon . The Mohave County Sheriff , Jim McCabe , said the full video of the incident was , as one might imagine , "  ghastly . " This , of course , is n't the little girl 's fault ; was it even her idea to shoot an Uzi in the first place ? It 's the instructor and the parents who are to blame -- I mean , what could possibly go wrong if you hand an Uzi with the selector on fully automatic mode to a 9-year-old ? For anyone who asks "  What were they thinking ? " the answer is : They were n't . That 's why the law needs to change -- to protect kids from adult stupidity . This all seems particularly senseless to me because just two weeks ago on our own family vacation , we introduced our own 9-year-old to the joys of target shooting and the responsibility of gun safety . Here 's a photo of our son , supervised by instructors and with my father behind him on his first day at the range . Notice what 's happening . He 's sitting down , so he can absorb any kick . He 's got on safety glasses and sound protection . The gun is resting against a table and the strap of the gun has been put around a railing on the table to hold it down . Why do you take these precautions ? Because when you introduce kids to the sport of shooting guns , you are taking on a great responsibility . This 9-year-old girl is n't the only child to kill someone with an Uzi . An 8-year-old boy in Massachusetts killed himself a few years ago when he fired an Uzi at a gun show , while supervised by his own father . The gun kicked up on the boy , and he shot himself in the head . The laws did n't change in Massachusetts , and I 'm sure the National Rifle Association will see to it that they do n't change in Arizona . But they should . Arizona laws require a person to be at least 21 years old to carry a firearm , but the laws do not apply on private property or if the minor is accompanied by a parent or certified instructor . Kids ca n't drive until they 're 16 , vote , chew tobacco or smoke until they 're 18 , or drink until they 're 21 . No child should have access to firing a fully automatic weapon until the age of 18 . And gun ranges should know better than to hand one to a novice shooter passing through on vacation , let alone one as young as 9 . The tragedy took place at Bullets and Burgers , where the website states "  At our range , you can shoot FULL auto on our machine guns . Let 'em Rip ! " Just because you can does n't mean you should .	Mel Robbins : Gun instructor 's death raises absurd question : Should kids fire Uzis ? She says of course not ! If kids learn about guns , should be in controlled safe environment Robbins : What parent would put such a gun in a kid 's hands and how could gun range allow it ? She says giving kids under 18 access to a submachine gun should be illegal
CNN  French authorities say a woman in the latest video released by French-speaking ISIS fighters may be Hayat Boumeddiene , who is believed to have knowledge about the deadly January 9 attack on a Paris kosher grocery , a source close to the investigation told CNN . The video , titled "  Blow Up France 2 , " was released Tuesday and shows an ISIS fighter praising previous attackers in France and calling for new attacks . The video shows a woman standing next to the speaker , wearing camouflage clothing and holding a weapon . "  French authorities are investigating the possibility this woman could be Hayat Boumeddiene , " the source said . Her husband , Amedy Coulibaly , killed four hostages January 9 at a kosher grocery in Paris , authorities said . He was killed by police in a rescue and the remaining hostages fled to safety . Authorities are searching for Boumeddiene , who is believed to be in Syria . She and Coulibaly were married in a religious ceremony , but the marriage was not officially recognized under French law . The grocery store attack followed the January 8 attack by Islamic gunmen on Charlie Hebdo , a satire magazine . The next day , a French police officer was killed . Seventeen people were killed over those three days . The latest ISIS video calls for more attacks on soldiers and police officers in France . "  If you fight for democracy , we will fight for Islam , " they say to officials . "  You will have to accept that we will react fully to the numerous crimes you committed . You took our rights . Therefore you ca n't expect to be in peace . " Complete coverage on the Paris attacks	Source : Woman in ISIS video may be widow of man who attacked kosher grocery In the video , ISIS urges more attacks on French police officers and soldiers
QUINCY , Massachusetts  CNN  -- When Warren Lewis played ice hockey for the Boston College Eagles , they won the national title . "  You never get in the game unless you intend to win it , " he says . Members of the Quincy Bald Eagles hockey team watch the action on the ice . At age 80 , Lewis ' team now is the the Quincy Bald Eagles , a group of senior players who meet three times a week at a local ice arena outside Boston , Massachusetts . "  Kids love to play it , " he continues , "  and so do old guys , even though it 's slow-motion hockey . " Out of the 60 players on the roster , five are in their 80s and 23 are in their 70s . The rest are in their 60s . A few players in their 50s are allowed to fill occasional gaps . Three times a week , they meet at the Quincy Youth Arena and divide up into two teams , one wearing black jerseys , the other white . The skills range between those like Lewis , who played in college , to pond hockey players , to those who only started playing in recent years . "  What 's unique about our group , " says Bill "  Bibby " Lewis , "  is that people are over seventy years of age still skating . A lot of people our age ca n't even walk . " Bibby started the group 16 years ago as a way for players to continue after getting a little too old for other hockey leagues . He says it has gone from five players to 60 in that time . In addition to their inter-group games , the Bald Eagles have competed nationally in tournaments for players 70 years and up . It 's a non-checking play of hockey , which means they do n't hit . "  If they do , it 's really accidental , " says player Dick Lyons . "  If one of us falls , " jokes Wayne Gauthier , "  it takes two or three of us to pick each other up . " Watch the Bald Eagles in action " In the 16 years of the Bald Eagles ' existence , Lyons says , there may have been one or two skirmishes . "  We ca n't hit very hard , " he adds . Some cruise the ice with skill and handle the puck with precision , while the pace of other teammates might be a bit sluggish . No matter how good they are , however , most of them play for the same reasons . "  I want to stay young , " says Brian Caputo . He says he 's 73 but is quick to add , with a grin , "  Although I do n't look it . " John Cusik is another player . "  Health is wealth , " he says . "  If we could can this , we could sell it . " At this age , players have various health issues that sometimes keep them off the ice . Bibby Lewis is having trouble with his knee , and Joe Gatreau has missed four months because of his arthritis . This is his first day back . "  There 's not going to be any good shots today , " he says , laughing . Goalie Bill Parsely feels good today but admits , "  I feel my talents and skills are on a slippery slope to oblivion . " Besides staying in shape , there are other reasons they show up . Says Dick Lyons : "  Most of us miss the social dimensions of work , and this kind of compensates in a small way for that kind of camaraderie . " Adds Cusik : "  This is the only place you can go for an hour , hour and a half and all the cares are gone . " Jack Buonopane sums it up : "  It beats daytime television . That 's for sure . " When the game is over , the unofficial score has both teams in a tie . The players congratulate and kid each other . Warren Lewis , the former All-American who played for BC , is happy . "  You ca n't get a better game than that , " he says as he heads off the ice . "  That 's kind of what we play for . " "  Bibby " Lewis , who , like Warren , is 80 , will come back to the rink as long he can . Hockey is everything to him . "  We do it , " he says , "  and we come back for more . "	Seniors -- the Quincy Bald Eagles -- gather to play hockey Some players are in their 80s , some in their 70s , others in their 60s "  A lot of people our age ca n't even walk , " one player says
CNN  -- Turkey shot down a Syrian fighter jet Sunday after the warplane strayed into its airspace , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said . "  Our F-16s went up in the air and shot that plane down . Why ? Because if you violate my airspace , then from now on , our slap will be hard , " Erdogan told supporters at a campaign rally . State-run media in Syria called the shoot-down an act of "  blatant aggression " and said the downed plane was over northern Syria at the time . The pilot ejected and was rescued , SANA reported , citing a military source . The Turkish armed forces website reported that two Syrian planes were spotted and were warned four times about approaching Turkish airspace as they flew north in Syrian airspace . One plane left the area but the second plane continued , and entered Turkish airspace by approximately 1 kilometer  six-tenths of a mile  . The plane turned west and continued to fly into Turkish airspace , according to the site . One of the two Turkish F-16s patrolling the area launched a missile at the Syrian plane and it crashed in the area of the town of Keseb , in Syrian territory near the border , Turkish armed forces said . Syrian government forces have battled rebel fighters in Syria 's Latakia province since Friday morning after the opposition launched an offensive in the heavily Alawite populated areas of the country 's Mediterranean coast . The province is still under government control despite some pockets of armed resistance . Warplanes have been striking at the opposition in Latakia , the home province of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , in hopes of preventing a rebel advance . One of the pitched battles on Friday occurred in Keseb , just 3 kilometers  2 miles  from Turkey . Sunday 's SANA report said the Syrian jets were pursuing rebels in the area . Syria shot down a Turkish plane in 2012 , and the two sides have exchanged artillery fire in the past . In October 2012 , Turkey fired on Syrian government targets in response to the shelling of a Turkish border town in which five civilians were killed . Israel retaliates in Syria after bomb attack CNN 's Slma Shelbayah and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Turkish armed forces : One plane retreated after four warnings ; other did not Syrian state media say plane was over Syria , accuse Turkey of "  blatant aggression " Turkish Prime Minister : "  If you violate my airspace ... our slap will be hard " Area has seen heavy fighting since an opposition offensive began recently
CNN  -- A 30-year-old Uzbek national who has been arrested on federal terrorism charges pleaded not guilty in an initial appearance in a Boise , Idaho , court Friday . A hearing on bail for Fazliddin Kurbanov , 30 , is scheduled for Tuesday , and the trial is set for July 2 . A grand jury in Boise returned a three-court indictment charging Kurbanov , with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , one count of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and one count of possessing an unregistered destructive device . A grand jury in Salt Lake City , Utah , returned a separate indictment charging him with one count of distribution of information relating to explosives , destructive devices and weapons of mass destruction . Read the indictments : Idaho | Utah Kurbanov , who is in the United States legally , was arrested Thursday in Boise . "  One of our highest priorities is disrupting potential acts of terrorism . The coordinated investigation , arrest , and indictments in this case demonstrate the commitment of all involved to do just that , " U.S. Attorney for the District of Utah David B. Barlow said in a statement announcing the arrest . It was not immediately clear whether Kurbanov had retained counsel . According to the Idaho indictment , he is alleged to have knowingly conspired with others to support to the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , an American-designated foreign terrorist organization , between August and May . He is accused of having provided support , believing that it was to be used in an "  offense involving the use of a weapon of mass destruction , " the statement said . In Utah , he is alleged to have taught and demonstrated how to make bombs , by showing Internet videos and conducting instructional shopping trips .	NEW : 30-year-old Fazliddin Kurbanov pleads not guilty in Boise , Idaho He faces a three-count indictment in Idaho and a single-count accusation in Utah Authorities say he provided support to the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan
There are two Richard Shermans . There 's the smart Stanford graduate who loves to read . And there 's the brash , trash-talker who considers himself the best NFL player . One is quiet , reflective . The other can be loud -- very loud . Much of America met the second Richard Sherman on Sunday night when , after making an amazing defensive play to seal the Seattle Seahawks ' trip to the Super Bowl , he ranted in a postgame interview about his opponent . On Tuesday , we caught a glimpse of the first when Sherman showed up for a sit-down with CNN 's Rachel Nichols for a mea culpa -- but not for long . "  I probably should n't have attacked another person , " he told Nichols in an exclusive interview that will air in its entirety Friday night on CNN 's "  Unguarded . " "  You know , I do n't mean to attack him . And that was immature and I probably should n't have done that . I regret doing that . " But then , Sherman turned the spotlight on to him , making himself the victim , defending his actions and saying that what he regretted most was the way the media covered his rant . He also said he was shocked by some of the racists responses he received . "  It was really mind-boggling the way the world reacted , " Sherman said . "  I ca n't say the world , I do n't want to generalize people like that because there are a lot of great people who did n't react that way . But for the people who did react that way and throw the racial slurs and things like that out there , it was really sad . Especially that close to Martin Luther King Day . " "  I learned we have n't come as far as I thought we had , " Sherman added . "  I thought society had moved past that . " 5 things to know about Richard Sherman The best in the game ? Sherman , 25 , has played in the NFL for three years after a standout career at Stanford . He was named an All-Pro the past two seasons at cornerback , a position where you often find yourself standing alone and defending against the fastest offensive players on the field . It takes a certain mix of bravado and confidence to excel at cornerback . And in Sunday 's game , Sherman brought both . Sherman , who was defending 49ers receiver Michael Crabtree near the end of the tight contest , batted a ball to a teammate . That move ensured the Seahawks a trip to the Super Bowl . The crowd was beside itself . And so , it seemed , was Sherman . "  I 'm the best cornerback in the game , " he screamed during the post-game sideline interview . "  When you try me with a sorry receiver like  the 49ers Michael  Crabtree , that 's the result you are going to get . Do n't you ever talk about me . " Fox sideline reporter Erin Andrews asked , "  Who was talking about you ? " "  Crabtree , " Sherman angrily responded . "  Do n't you open your mouth about the best , or I 'm going to shut it for you real quick . " Viewers were shocked . They 're more used to hearing players offer up cliches about what it takes to win , and hand down half-hearted congratulations to their opponents for being worthy adversaries . The bile flowed almost immediately -- tweets calling him a gorilla , an ape or a thug from the ghetto . "  Richard Sherman deserves to get shot in the  expletive  head . Disrespectful  N-word  , " said one , expressing a common refrain . Emotion and regrets In his CNN interview , Sherman said it takes certain characteristics to become a successful football player . It takes intensity . It takes focus . And , he said , it takes anger . He said he was in that emotional state after the play Sunday . "  If you catch me in the moment on the field when I am still in that zone , when I 'm still as competitive as I can be and I 'm trying to be in the place where I have to be to do everything I can to be successful ... and help my team win , then it 's not going to come out as articulate , as smart , as charismatic -- because on the field I 'm not all those things , " he said . Sherman said the vitriolic response surprised him . What he did was "  within the lines of a football field " -- trash-talking an opponent but not hurting anyone , he said . The commenters , he said , were out of bounds . "  They had time to think about it , " he said . "  They were sitting at a computer and they expressed themselves in a true way . " Getting to know Richard Sherman "  But these people are acting like I attacked them in some way , like I went after them , " he added . "  I did my job effectively . And afterwards , they interviewed me and I had an interview . Regardless of how that interview goes , it does n't give you the right to say -- the things they were saying . And that 's the part that 's sad . " All the way to the bank There 's no such thing as bad publicity , the saying goes . And to hear Sherman 's agent tell it , the controversy has been good for him . Sherman 's Twitter follower count has exploded in recent days . And the agent says his phone is ringing off the hook . "  Corporate America knows who Richard Sherman is , " said Jamie Fritz , who manages Sherman 's marketing deals . "  I talked to brand managers this week and they are fired up . They love it . They say this is real . This is true . We finally have a player who is willing to speak his mind . " But such exposure can be a double-edged sword , says Marc Lamont Hill , an associate professor of English education at Columbia University . "  He deserves all the marketing money he gets , " Hill told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  My concern though is when they use this image , will they see him as an extraordinary athlete who has a knack for talking trash or frame him as another angry , violent athlete ? " Fritz admits there are two Shermans : The one who stormed off the field , and the one he wants America to see . "  The amount of emotion , anybody who 's played a competitive sport in a championship level knows what it 's like to have those emotions running , " said Fritz . "  Here 's a guy who 's never been arrested , never said a curse word in a post-game interview , and when you look at his body of work off the field and what he does for the community and charity , it 's two completely different people . " Opinion : Sherman has only himself to blame	Richard Sherman says attacking an opponent verbally was "  immature " Sherman talks to CNN 's Rachel Nichols about the backlash that followed the comments He says he was still in the emotional zone it takes to play football successfully The star defensive back also says he thought America was past racial attacks
CNN  -- President Obama soon will nominate a new director of national intelligence , a position originally envisioned as overseer of the entire U.S. intelligence community . Dennis Blair , a retired Navy admiral , resigned as Obama 's intelligence director Thursday . In the days before his resignation , Blair had responded to a Senate committee report 's criticism by saying that "  institutional and technological barriers remain that prevent seamless sharing of information " among the 16 agencies he oversaw . And that 's the problem , a former White House homeland security adviser said Friday . Fran Townsend , a CNN contributor who was a homeland security adviser during the Bush administration , said the director 's position lacks the authority to match its responsibilities . "  They either have to fix it or do away with it , but one way or another , what we do n't need it to be is just an added layer of bureaucracy that impedes progress , especially when we have such serious threats out there , " Townsend said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Congress created the position in 2004 as part of an intelligence overhaul recommended by the 9/11 Commission . John Negroponte , ambassador to Iraq , became the first director in April 2005 and held the position until February 2007 , when he became deputy secretary of state . J. Mike McConnell , a retired Navy vice admiral , succeeded Negroponte and served until a week after President Obama 's inauguration , when Blair took over . According its website , "  the Office of the DNI 's goal is to effectively integrate foreign , military and domestic intelligence in defense of the homeland and of United States interests abroad . " However , the legislation that created the post did not invest it with authority to direct the budgets of any of the 16 intelligence agencies or tell them what to do . Before the director position was created , the director of central intelligence called most of the shots , and CIA directors have continued to wield considerable power , generating tension with the DNI . Time : Position not well defined or well rewarded "  Anytime you have organizations that have similar interests , you 're going to have disputes , " McConnell said on his way out the door . "  And particularly if the two leaders are n't working together and having a partnership and so on , the warfare at the trench level gets to be pretty much a raging battle . " McConnell said he had a good professional relationship with then-CIA director Mike Hayden , so they made it work . But , he said , "  We do n't have a department of intelligence . If this were the Department of Defense , there would n't be any question , but it is n't . " Blair 's resignation is said to be the result of a power struggle with CIA director Leon Panetta . But even Panetta seemed unclear on the intelligence hierarchy during his Senate confirmation hearing in 2009 . Initially , Panetta said he reported to the DNI and performed the tasks assigned to him by the DNI , but then he said : "  We are an operational arm , just like the -LSB- National Security Agency -RSB- , just like the -LSB- National Reconnaissance Office -RSB- , and I believe the role of the DNI is to coordinate all our activities . " In fact , the NSA and the NRO are part of the Defense Department and report directly to the defense secretary , not the DNI . The CIA is the only intelligence agency that is not part of another department . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , asked him directly , "  Is the DNI your boss or not ? " "  The DNI is my boss , " Panetta answered . CNN National Security Producer Pam Benson and writer Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Just-vacated position has responsibility but little clout Job was created on recommendation of 9/11 Commission CIA director answers to DNI on paper , but not in practice Previous DNIs were John Negroponte and Mike McConnell
SODDY-DAISY , Tennessee  CNN  -- Kat Koonce loves her Saturns . She owns three , and has pictures of them on Saturnfans.com , where she is one of almost 2,500 Saturn devotees who 've posted photo albums of their vehicles . Saturn owners show off their Sky roadsters after a Christmas parade in Soddy-Daisy , Tennessee , on Sunday . Judy Pearson shows off a photo album of her Saturn Sky roadster the way a grandmother might show off one of her grandchildren -- pictures of vacations and happy times together . The women are exactly the kind of customers General Motors was looking for when it introduced the Saturn brand two decades ago as "  a different kind of car company . " The brand 's slogan is now one word -- "  rethink " -- but its fate may soon be summed up in another -- "  done . " General Motors has raised the prospect of eliminating the nameplate as it tries to restructure to regain profitability . "  I just ca n't stand the thought of them doing away with Saturn , " said Dianne Pollard of Hixson , Tennessee . She created the Sky Club of Chattanooga , dedicated to the sporty two-seater . General Motors has n't officially announced the end of Saturn , but in a restructuring plan submitted to Congress , the automaker said it would concentrate resources on four core brands -- Chevrolet , Cadillac , Buick and GMC . That leaves Saturn , along with GM 's Pontiac , Saab and Hummer brands , with a dim future . See how Saturn owners are devoted to their vehicles " Pollard drove her black 2008 RedLine  that 's Saturn 's name for a turbo  Sky in Sunday 's Christmas parade in Soddy-Daisy , Tennessee , northeast of Chattanooga . Fellow Hixson residents and Sky devotees Connie Terrell  red 2007 RedLine  and Pearson  dark blue 2007 standard edition  were there , too . All three have owned other , more sedate Saturns than the Sky , which Edmunds.com praises for "  sharp styling , low price and everyday comfort " and Car and Driver.com calls a "  mini-Corvette " at around half the price . They were joined by George and Brenda Holloway , who drove their 2007 Sky almost 100 miles from their farm in Centre , Alabama , to join in the parade . "  We thoroughly enjoy the Saturn . Our next vehicle , when we buy one , will be a Saturn , " Brenda Holloway said . "  This is the only car I 've ever owned that you can be driving down the interstate and people pull up beside you and take a picture of it , " her husband , a retired 20-year Army veteran , said with amusement-tinged pride . But it 's not just the cars -- including the original S series sedans and coupes -- that turn people into "  Saturnistas " ; it 's also the pleasant buying experience and over-the-top customer service . "  It 's a family . It 's the Saturn family . And you become part of that family , " Pearson said . All three Sky owners from Hixson had stories to tell about a sales consultant who went the extra mile or a service call that exceeded their expectations . Pearson said she has owned many makes of cars , including foreign nameplates , and Saturn 's treatment of customers beats them all . "  The best experience I 've ever had was with Saturn , bar none , " she said . Koonce , of Dayton , Ohio , used to feel that way , too . But Koonce now says GM might as well kill off the brand , because that would be preferable to the slow death she sees as inevitable . Saturn sold slightly more than 8,000 cars in November and has delivered about 175,000 this year . That 's a far cry from the half a million GM had hoped to sell each year when it introduced Saturn . Koonce said she fell in love with Saturn before she was old enough to drive . She became such a familiar figure at her local Saturn dealer and so knowledgeable about its lineup that she was hired as a sales consultant . She and her husband , Nick , met at a Saturn owners ' event , their wedding was a Saturn owners ' event , and they have owned six Saturns between them . They have brought numerous relatives and friends "  into the Saturn cult , " said Nick , whose dream is to own a Saturn dealership . Saturn was conceived in the early 1980s as a separate-standing division of GM , with then-unheard-of features :  an innovative new plant in Spring Hill , Tennessee ;  a separate agreement with the United Auto Workers that embraced more teamwork between union and management ;  the use of plastics instead of metal for many body parts ;  and a highly personalized consumer experience , including no-haggle buying and "  Homecomings , " a sort of family reunion for Saturn owners at the Spring Hill campus . The first Saturn came off the Spring Hill assembly line on July 30 , 1990 . Unfortunately , Kat Koonce said , GM has abandoned what made Saturn different . The cars are now made of metal , and the models all have twins in other GM divisions . Even the original Spring Hill factory has been converted to build Chevrolets instead of Saturns ; the Saturn VUE is built in Mexico . So disillusioned was Koonce that she quit her job at the Saturn dealership and went back to college . "  It was a success that became a failure , " she said . Walter S. McManus , the head of the Automotive Analysis Division of the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute , says he could see it coming . "  Brand loyalty is overrated , " McManus stated flatly . "  It is costly to do all the fuzzies , and Saturn 's example is clear that it does n't pay off for what is essentially an economy-car company . Women especially appreciated the Saturn way , but Honda sells more cars to women , despite having a less female-friendly approach . " Do n't tell that to Charlie Eickmeyer , who runs the Saturnfans Web site and has posted a "  Save Saturn " petition for the site 's 35,000 members to sign . And do n't tell the Sky Club of Chattanooga . "  I think Saturn really is a different kind of car company , and that is what has brought me back to them , " Pearson said .	Owners of vulnerable GM brand rave about quality , service Four owners of Sky roadsters drive in town 's Christmas parade Disillusioned longtime fan quits as sales consultant "  Brand loyalty is overrated , " auto industry researcher says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Authorities arrested a 26-year-old woman in camouflaged fatigues Thursday , accusing her of peering into the windows of Britney Spears ' house , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . The arrest was made at Britney Spears home in Calabasas , California . Security personnel found Miranda Tozier-Robbins looking through the windows of the singer 's home in Calabasas , California , the department said in a written statement . Tozier-Robbins also had a backpack and video equipment , the statement said . Security personnel asked her to leave , but she "  balked , " the statement said . They then physically escorted her off the property . A policeman arrived later to arrest her . She was booked on charges of trespassing and disorderly conduct , the statement said . Bail was set at $ 5,000 , but Tozier-Robbins was released on a citation to appear in court on June 16 . The whereabouts of Spears , 27 , during the incident were not immediately known .	Authorities say woman in camouflaged fatigues was peering into the windows Sheriff 's department : Miranda Tozier-Robbins also had a backpack , video equipment Security personnel physically escorted her off the property She was booked on charges of trespassing and disorderly conduct
A moment of truth approaches for President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms with Saturday 's self-imposed deadline to get the website to work properly for most users . Obama and officials in charge of HealthCare.gov say the "  vast majority " of people who go to the website to sign up at the end of the month will have a much improved experience than the crashes , error messages and delays users faced when it launched October 1 . However , problems continue to plague the system , and technology experts question if the fixes being deployed by a team of government workers , outside contractors and specialists can get it functioning smoothly as soon as Saturday . Luke Chung , president of Virginia-based software developer FMS Inc. , called the administration 's prediction that HealthCare.gov would work at 80 % capacity on or around November 30 an impractical threshold in the software world . "  I do n't know how to build something that 's only 80 % complete , " Chung told CNN . "  I do n't even understand how that works . " The website woes raised questions about the viability and security of the system , and opened the reforms known as Obamacare to fresh attacks by conservative Republicans who seek to dismantle or eliminate them . More bad news emerged Wednesday when the administration announced the website will be unable to enroll small businesses online for another year . White House : Enroll in Obamacare , but not too fast Small businesses can enroll in other ways in the special small business system known as SHOP , but problems with HealthCare.gov have prevented their online enrollment so far . It was the third delay of the SHOP Marketplace component of the website , this time until November 2014 . For now , "  small businesses will be able to enroll directly in a SHOP plan through an insurer , agent or broker and can get certified for a tax credit after they enroll , " said Julie Bataille , a spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services that oversees the rollout of the reforms . The Affordable Care Act does n't require companies with fewer than 50 employees to buy insurance for workers , though workers are required to have coverage . Employers who choose to provide coverage for their workers may qualify for subsidies to reduce their costs . "  We expect that making direct enrollment , tax credit applications and comparison shopping easier will help to ensure that small businesses can take full advantage of the marketplace and tax credits worth up to 50 % of employee premiums in 2014 , " Bataille said . However , the head of the International Franchise Association complained the delay in online enrollment made it harder for small business owners to get all the information they need to enroll . "  With this delay , it will also call into question how the small business tax credit is applied , " said Steve Caldeira , the group 's president and CEO . "  Not having the ability to apply electronically will now make this process more confusing , cumbersome and time-consuming for employers . " Republicans pounced on the news , with House Speaker John Boehner urging Obama to delay implementation of the entire Affordable Care Act . "  This law has been an absolute disaster , leaving us to ask , ` What 's next ? ' " the Ohio Republican said in a statement . "  If the President wo n't repeal it , he should at least delay the entire law before it wreaks any more havoc on American families and small businesses as well as our economy . " Boehner signs up for Obamacare Meanwhile , insurance industry insiders told CNN on condition of not being identified that problems continue with the transmission of data submitted by people signing up for coverage through HealthCare.gov . "  There 's no part of us that thinks all of this will be fixed in three days from now , " an industry official said , referring to the November 30 date for the site to run smoothly for most users . Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for the insurance trade group America 's Health Insurance Plans , said that "  there is still a lot of work to be done to make sure that enrollments can be done and processed accurately . " Insurers : Despite deadline , Obamacare glitches persist Wednesday 's developments came as the Obama administration prepared for a potential surge in online enrollment over the weekend . According to a White House official , the administration suggested this week that allied organizations hold off on launching campaigns to drive traffic to the website in the first week of December . Officials fear another huge surge in volume that the site ca n't handle , which is what occurred around its launch in October . HealthCare.gov was originally planned to handle 50,000 concurrent users , and will reach that capacity by Saturday , the White House official said . However , big spikes in traffic -- such as the 200,000 who tried to get on at the same time on October 1 -- would cause users to go into a queue to receive e-mails advising them when to return , the official noted . Publicly , Obama and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius have been urging Americans to give HealthCare.gov another try , though they make clear it remains a work in progress . The November 30 target for website improvements "  does not represent a relaunch of HealthCare.gov ; it is not a magical date , " Bataille told reporters . "  There will be times after November 30 when HealthCare.gov does not function properly . " Website woes aside , a new CNN/ORC International poll released Wednesday showed a majority of Americans believe the current Obamacare problems can be solved , and the figures for overall support and opposition remain little changed from a month ago . In a conference call Tuesday with state and local officials , Sebelius listed steps taken so far to improve the website 's performance . "  We 've added hardware , we 've added software ; we 're continuing to work on the parts of the website that were too confusing to people , " she said , urging the officials "  to not hesitate to recommend that people go to HealthCare.gov and get signed up because that experience is currently working much better and it will continue to work much better . " Sebelius : Obamacare website improvements ` on track ' A properly functioning website is crucial to implementing the most vital provisions of the Affordable Care Act that require people to have health coverage . The failure of HealthCare.gov to enable people to enroll when the sign-up period began last month undermined the launch of new health insurance exchanges intended to provide affordable coverage for millions who previously were uninsured or under-insured . In theory , the exchanges create large pools of customers that include generally healthier and less-costly younger people as well as older folks who tend to require more expensive health care . Such large markets would hold down prices by allowing insurance companies to offset the higher costs of aging consumers with the money from lower-cost policy holders , the thinking goes . For the program to work , it needs to sign up younger people less inclined to pay for health coverage they do n't believe they need . The GOP opposition targets the entire health care law , not just the website woes , as the ultimate example of big government run amok . Enrollment figures for the first month after the opening of the new insurance exchanges were much lower than initially expected . Now some states have reported stronger numbers . According to a CNN count based on available figures , a little more than 200,000 people have signed up for new private health insurance under Obamacare -- either through the national system or networks set up in 14 states and the District of Columbia . In addition , more than 370,000 have signed up for Medicaid under state programs expanded through the health care reforms , the CNN count shows . The enrollment period runs until March 31 , and officials have said the target for the first year was 7 million people . To ensure they have coverage starting on January 1 , consumers must sign up by December 23 , the administration recently announced . Chung , the software expert , cited December 23 as the most significant deadline , noting that demand would be huge because people by nature wait until the last minute . Success for the website would be determined by both the number of users as well as how long they are in the system , Chung said , comparing it to a highway on which 50,000 people traveling 60 mph is smooth traffic while the same number going 10 mph is a jam . Also Wednesday , seven Democratic senators , including some up for re-election next year , asked Obama to appoint a special health care overseer to ensure continuity in efforts to fix the problems . Sebelius is technically the top administration official in the implementation of Obamacare , but former White House aide Jeff Zients was brought in last month to oversee efforts to fix the site . Zients will become a top economic adviser to Obama in January . In a letter , Sens. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , Mark Warner of Virginia , Christopher Coons of Delaware , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Mark Udall of Colorado and Tim Kaine of Virginia called for Obama to name a successor to Zients . Separately , an HHS official confirmed the government will go with a new Web-hosting contractor , Hewlett-Packard , for HealthCare.gov early next year . The current contract with Terremark ends in March . The official said the decision to go with a different vendor was made months before any problems with HealthCare.gov were identified and was unrelated to an outage that struck the site in late October , which the administration blamed on the Verizon subsidiary . The HP contract was signed in July . Supreme Court to take up Obamacare contraception case CNN Analysis : No Obamacare subsidy for some Obamacare site 's Anonymous Shopper shelved GOP Obamacare playbook : Spread negative perception	Saturday is the administration 's deadline for HealthCare.gov to work for most users Officials say the website will work better but warn that some problems will persist Latest snafu : Small businesses ca n't enroll online for a year Tech expert : Success means high traffic moving fast and smoothly
London  CNN  CNN International presented the CNN Journalist Award for excellent international coverage to up-and-coming journalists from Germany , Austria and German-speaking parts of Switzerland at an exclusive dinner at the London Century Club last week . The event , in the award 's 10th year , was hosted by Greg Beitchman , VP for content sales and partnerships CNNI , who talked about its commitment to recognizing those who stand out , stand up and make an impact . Gerhard Zeiler , President Turner International , delivered key remarks focusing on the importance of accurate and passionate story-telling , and London Bureau Chief Tommy Evans underlined that in journalism , it 's all about authenticity . London-based anchors Hala Gorani and Nina dos Santos , and Turner 's MD for Germany , Austria and Switzerland Hannes Heyelmann , were among other colleagues attending the event , and Daniel Puntas Bernet and Jrg Thadeusz from the awards jury were also on hand . As the presentations got under way , the next big stars of German-speaking journalism covering international issues were honored in the categories of TV , Radio , Print , Online and Photography . Stephanie Doetzer  DRadio Wissen  , winner in the Radio category , was revealed as CNN Journalist of the Year 2015 for her moving radio piece "  Take care , Habibi . " The ceremony was followed the next day by a series of masterclasses held at Turner House where guests heard from CNN producers and editors about how CNN International deals with data , its approach to social media and what it takes to produce a successful online video . Award winners were then hosted at a special lunch by London Bureau Chief Tommy Evans and Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour . The awards were an inspirational testament to the power of good journalism and everyone involved with the event was thrilled to host the winners for this special program of events . CNN Journalist of the Year 2015 and Winner in the category Radio : Stephanie Doetzer : "  Take care , Habibi "  DRadio Wissen Stories about the civil war in Syria are often quite abstract . Yet , a war is very real . It is not only about the destruction of residential areas and fighting militia . It is also about families that argue about what happens , about friends who do n't talk to each other anymore and relationships that fall apart . Political life becomes private , and personal life becomes political -- for all Syrians but also for those who feel connected with Syria . "  This contribution is written as a first-person narrative that is very compelling and emotional . It forces you to see what is happening in Syria , and there was no doubt that it had to win the award . The contribution has won our hearts by a long way , we are completely convinced , " says jury member Ingrid Thurnher . Photography : Jelca Kollatsch  "  Houses without People and People without Houses " , ver.di Publik The photo series by Jelca Kollatsch shows the effects of the financial crisis on people in Spain who live in Andalusia , the region with the country 's highest rates of unemployment and evictions . "  The contribution covers an important issue , and it tells a story , almost following the structure of a drama : With breathtaking rigor , the artist goes from the sources of the problem to the eviction of the people in the end , " the jury said . Online : Christian Salewski and Felix Rohrbeck  "  The GPS chase . What happens with our waste ? " , ARTE Future  AND Trainees of Deutsche Welle : "  My Granny , the Regime and I "  DW This year , the jury chose two winners in the category Online : "  Digital journalism has a lot to offer . The two prizewinners represent a different approach in an interesting way and show how journalism generally evolves with multimedia possibilities , " explains the jury . In the first contribution , Christian Salewski und Felix Rohrbeck track the disposal of electronic scrap in Germany and find out that it is n't always legal and fair . In the second contribution , a group of Deutsche Welle trainees asked their grandmothers from Belarus , Brazil , Chile , China , Kenya and Germany about their personal experiences in times of dictatorship or autocracy . They created a multimedia online project with videos , words and images , combining the stories of the grandmothers with the history of the different countries . Print : Alexandra Rojkov and Jan Ludwig  "  You think you can help me ? " , Der Tagesspiegel The contribution of the two authors tells the personal story of an escape from Syria and asks how far we would go in a safe country like Germany to help people in war and crisis zones . "  The authors touch their audience by transferring the ongoing conflict in Syria to the fate of two individuals , " says jury chairman Franz Fischlin . TV : Lukas Augustin  "  Unforgiven " , NDR Twenty years after the civil war in Rwanda , the victims and the offenders live door to door . Lukas Augustin presents a documentary about the efforts made to foster forgiveness . The movie provides insight into the tangle of guilt and atonement in modern Rwanda . "  This contribution is more than a TV documentary . It is a film about a country that deals with its own history in an incredibly spectacular and exceptional way , " says jury member Ingrid Thurnher . The jury members of this year 's CNN Journalist Award were : Franz Fischlin  Tagesschau host , editor and reporter SRF  , Frederik Pleitgen  CNN senior international correspondent  , Stefan Plchinger  editor-in-chief sueddeutsche.de & member of the editorial board Sddeutsche Zeitung  , Ingrid Thurnher  host and editor ORF  , Hans Demmel  managing director n-tv  , Daniel Puntas Bernet  editor-in-chief of the magazine Reportagen  and Jrg Thadeusz  host , author , journalist  . About the CNN Journalist Award The CNN Journalist Award is presented by CNN International to young foreign journalists . Each year , it recognizes outstanding print , radio , TV , online and photographic work by young journalists . As well as awards for each category , an overall winner is named the "  CNN Journalist of the Year . " Entry is open to journalists who were no older than 34 at the time their work was published . Back in 1995 , CNN launched the CNN African Journalist Award . Since then , the award has been extended to Brazil , India , Indonesia and the German-speaking countries . Click here for more information about the CNN Journalist Award .	CNN International presented CNN Journalist Award for excellent international coverage to up-and-coming journalists Awards were inspirational testament to the power of good journalism
CNN  -- England midfielder Michael Carrick missed a first-half penalty as English Premier League champions Manchester United suffered a sensational 1-0 defeat at newly promoted Burnley . Michael Carrick misses his first-half penalty as Manchester United slumped to a stunning defeat at Burnley . The home side scored the only goal of the game in the 19th minute when Stephen Jordan 's deep cross for Martin Paterson was headed away by United full-back Patrice Evra -- only for Robbie Blake to meet the ball on the volley and fire a spectacular shot into the top corner . United pressed hard for an equalizer and wasted a golden opportunity just before the end of the half when Blake turned from hero to villian by tripping Evra in the penalty area . Carrick stepped up to take the spot-kick , but goalkeeper Brian Jensen pulled off a fine save . Although United continued to dominate possession and chances after the interval , Burnley held off their illustrious opponents to secure a narrow victory in their first home match back in the top flight after an absence of 33 years . "  The goal was a fantastic strike and I think Burnley won the match with their play in the opening 10 minutes . Saying that , we had enough chances to have got something from the game , " United manager Sir Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports . "  This is a bad blow for us . We should n't be losing these matches but it 's a special night for Burnley . " Watch more on Manchester United 's hopes to retain its title " In the night 's other matches , Liverpool gave the perfect response to Sunday 's defeat at Tottenham as Rafael Benitez 's team thumped Stoke 4-0 . Fernando Torres opened the scoring in just the fourth minute when he met Steven Gerrard 's cross with a fine finish . The home side doubled their lead on the stroke of half-time when James Beattie cleared Dirk Kuyt 's header off the line and the ball fell for full-back Glen Johnson , who volleyed home from close-range . Dutchman Kuyt added the third in the 78th minute from close-range while substitute David Ngog added a fourth goal in stoppage time . Tottenham made it two wins out of two with a thumping 5-1 victory at Hull City , a result that takes Harry Redknapp 's side top of the table above London rivals Chelsea on goal difference . England striker Jermain Defoe , who scored twice against the Netherlands last week , maintained his superb recent form with a hat-trick , as Hull slumped to their second successive defeat . Defoe scored a 10th-minute opener when he took Tom Huddlestone 's pass on the edge of the penalty area and worked space to drive home a fine finish . Honduran midfielder Wilson Palacios increased Tottenham 's lead four minutes later when he finished Robbie Keane 's pass for his first goal in English football . Hull winger Steven Hunt , who also scored on his debut at Chelsea on Saturday , reduced the deficit when he curled in a long-range free-kick in the 25th minute . But Defoe restored Tottenham 's two-goal advantage on the stroke of half-time when he collected Keane 's flick and blasted past goalkeeper Boaz Myhill . Keane got on the score sheet himself in the 78th minute to put the seal on Tottenham 's victory and Defoe 's treble arrived in stoppage time . There was a controversial finish in the final match at St Andrews , where newly - promoted Birmingham beat Portsmouth 1-0 courtesy of a controversial late penalty . England goalkeeper David James collided with Sebastian Larsson in the area in stoppage time and James McFadden slotted home the spot-kick .	Manchester United suffer shock 1-0 Premier League loss at new boys Burnley Robbie Blake scores the only goal as Michael Carrick misses United penalty Jermain Defoe scores a hat-trick as Tottenham hammer Hull 5-1 to lead table
CNN  -- Retired U.S. Gen. Wesley Clark , a supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , on Sunday questioned whether Sen. John McCain 's military experience qualified him to be commander-in-chief . Retired Gen. Wesley Clark , who ran for president in 2004 , questioned John McCain 's qualifications Sunday . The McCain campaign called for Obama to condemn the remarks . The dust-up began with Clark 's appearance Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " where moderator Bob Schieffer asked him about his interview with the Huffington Post earlier this month . In the interview , Clark said McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , was "  untested and untried . " When Schieffer asked to explain the comment , Clark said he was referring to McCain 's experience , or lack thereof , in setting national security policies and understanding the risk involved in such matters . "  I certainly honor his service as a prisoner of war . He was a hero to me and to hundreds of thousands and millions of others in the armed forces , as a prisoner of war . And he has traveled all over the world . But he has n't held executive responsibility , " said Clark , a former NATO commander who campaigned for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004 . "  He has n't been there and ordered the bombs to fall . He has n't seen what it 's like when diplomats come in and say , I do n't know whether we 're going to be able to get this point through or not , " Clark said . Schieffer noted that Obama did not have any of those experiences , nor had he "  ridden in a fighter plane and gotten shot down . " "  Well , I do n't think riding in a fighter plane and getting shot down is a qualification to be president , " Clark said . In a statement released by the McCain campaign Sunday afternoon , retired Admiral Leighton "  Snuffy " Smith criticized Clark 's comment . "  If Barack Obama wants to question John McCain 's service to his country , he should have the guts to do it himself and not hide behind his campaign surrogates , " Smith said . "  If he expects the American people to believe his pledges about a new kind of politics , Barack Obama has a responsibility to condemn these attacks . "	Retired U.S. Gen. Wesley Clark questions John McCain 's executive experience In "  Face the Nation " interview , Clark says McCain has n't "  ordered the bombs to fall " McCain campaign calls for Barack Obama to condemn the comments
CNN  -- The crowd at the base of the Space Needle in Seattle began counting down as midnight approached . It was n't New Year 's Day they were anticipating , but the moment that marijuana would become legal in Washington state . As midnight hit , smokers hit their pipes and joints to celebrate . Technically , what they were doing -- smoking marijuana in public -- was still a crime , but police looked the other way . "  It 's amazing . I 'm not a criminal anymore , " one pot smoker said . "  I ca n't go to jail for small amounts of marijuana . I 'm free to be free . " But a legal haze still engulfed pot smokers Thursday , when possession of up to an ounce of marijuana by adults become legal , though growing and selling it remains a crime . Initiative 502 , passed last month by Washington voters , legalized recreational marijuana use starting December 6 , but it will take a year before there are rules for growing and selling it . "  It begs the question , if they ca n't buy it through a medical marijuana shop , which only people with a prescription and medical marijuana license can , how do they get it ? " Washington State Liquor Control Board spokesman Brian Smith said Wednesday . Growing and selling marijuana will still be prosecuted as a felony , King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg told CNN . Read more : Marijuana advocates hope to rise from ` prohibition ' "  So I 'm not sure where you 're supposed to get it , " Satterberg said . "  If you stumble across some on the street or it falls from the sky , then you can have it . Otherwise , you are part of a criminal chain of distribution . " Until the state takes over managing marijuana sales , the black market will thrive as it meets consumer demands , Satterberg said . Recreational pot smokers in Colorado could gain quicker legal access to marijuana thanks to that state 's "  sophisticated and pretty elaborate " medical marijuana system already in place , Smith said . Gov. John Hickenlooper has up to a month to sign into law Colorado 's pot decriminalization initiative after its passage is certified Thursday . Trafficking in marijuana is still a federal crime , but the governors of Washington and Colorado have appealed to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to clarify how the Justice Department will view recreational pot sales in their states . "  We do n't want to go and spend serious resources only to have it stopped by the federal government , " Smith said . "  It would sure help Washington state if they weighed in and made clear their expectations . " The Justice Department is reviewing the new state laws , the U.S. attorney 's office said Wednesday . But it said that the department 's responsibility to enforce the Controlled Substances Act has not changed . Richard Branson : War on drugs a trillion-dollar failure "  Regardless of any changes in state law , including the change that will go into effect on December 6 in Washington state , growing , selling or possessing any amount of marijuana remains illegal under federal law . Members of the public are also advised to remember that it remains against federal law to bring any amount of marijuana onto federal property , including all federal buildings , national parks and forests , military installations and courthouses . " Twenty Colorado business groups have appealed to Holder to enforce federal pot laws , because of questions about how to deal with workers who are high . "  There is uncertainty about our ability to terminate employees if they come to the job impaired , " said Sandra Hagen Solin of the Northern Colorado Legislative Alliance . "  There are obligations that we have under the drug-free workplace . There are a lot of questions that have arisen . " Satterberg predicted the Justice Department will intervene with a lawsuit , which could drag on for years . Read more : Is medical marijuana safe for children ? Seattle police offered a guidebook explaining Washington 's new law . People 21 and older can possess up to an ounce of marijuana -- or 16 ounces of solid , marijuana-infused product , like cookies , or 72 ounces of infused liquid , like oil -- for personal use , the guide says , "  Please note that the initiative says it ` is unlawful to open a package containing marijuana ... in view of the general public , ' so there 's that , " it adds . "  The Seattle Police Department will continue to enforce laws against unlicensed sale or production of marijuana , and regulations against driving under the influence of marijuana , which remains illegal , " the book says . Growing marijuana at home and selling it to friends or family remains against the law , the guide says . But , it adds , "  In the future , under state law , you may be able to get a license to grow or sell marijuana . " Smoking pot in public , like having an open beer , "  could result in a civil infraction -- like a ticket -- but not arrest , " it says . In fact , Seattle police officers have been advised not to take any enforcement action other than to issue a verbal warning , if the new law is violated . "  You can certainly use marijuana in the privacy of your own home , " the guide says . "  Additionally , if smoking a cigarette is n't allowed where you are  say , inside an apartment building or flammable chemical factory  , smoking marijuana is n't allowed there either . " What if an officer suspects a motorist is under the influence of pot ? "  If an officer believes you 're driving under the influence of anything , they will conduct a field sobriety test and may consult with a drug recognition expert , " it says . "  If officers establish probable cause , they will bring you to a precinct and ask your permission to draw your blood for testing . If officers have reason to believe you 're under the influence of something , they can get a warrant for a blood draw from a judge . If you 're in a serious accident , then a blood draw will be mandatory . " No longer will the smell of marijuana emanating from a vehicle lead to a search unless the officer has "  information that you 're trafficking , producing or delivering marijuana in violation of state law , " it says . Seattle does not hire police officers who have used marijuana in the previous three years , but the department is consulting its lawyers "  to see if and how that standard may be revised . " Pot use and possession by anyone under age 21 is still a violation of state law . "  It may be referred to prosecutors , just like if you were a minor in possession of alcohol , " the police guide says . The ban by universities and colleges on smoking pot on campus is not expected to change . Opinion : U.S. should honor states ' new pot laws	NEW : Seattle police are ordered to only issue verbal warnings for violations of the law Growing , selling marijuana will still be prosecuted as a felony , King County prosecutor says Until state takes over , the black market will thrive as it meets consumer demands , he says A federal challenge of state pot legalization could take years to resolve , he says
CNN  -- University of Notre Dame senior Emily Toates , like many in the Catholic faith , is angry over her school 's decision to give President Obama an honorary degree at this weekend 's commencement . Notre Dame senior Emily Toates says she will not attend her school 's main graduation ceremony . She 's doing something about it : skipping the event . "  I do not feel comfortable going and celebrating him as the university hands him an honorary degree -- in a sense honoring his policies , " Toates said . On Sunday , Obama will become one of many sitting U.S. presidents to deliver the commencement address at the Catholic institution . The honor comes much to the chagrin of anti-abortion groups and Catholics protesting the president 's pro-choice , pro-stem cell research views . ND Response , an anti-abortion student group that Toates is working with , will boycott the graduation ceremony in protest . Other anti-abortion groups have started petitions against Obama 's appearance and have plans to protest his visit to the South Bend , Indiana , campus . "  It 's not a political issue ; this is an issue of human dignity , and it 's a Catholic issue , " Greer Hannan , a Notre Dame graduating senior , said in a statement . "  As a Catholic university , we need to stand up for it . " The group said it has received official permission to hold a "  prayerful and constructive demonstration " on the university 's south quad on graduation day , according to a statement . Notre Dame has said all views are welcome , no matter the speaker 's party affiliation . In a statement in March , Notre Dame President John I. Jenkins said that does not mean the university agrees with all of Obama 's positions . The White House has said the president is honored to be speaking at the university and welcomes the exchange of ideas on hot-button topics . On Friday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters that Obama will "  obviously make mention of the debate that 's been had . " "  This is a commencement ceremony , a special occasion for families to celebrate ... the president will understand that 's the most important aspect of the day , " Gibbs said . Toates , who will instead walk across the stage at her department 's ceremony on Saturday , said the appearance has created a division on campus over whether the Democratic president should be allowed to speak and receive an honor . Watch Toates discuss her decision " She said that if Obama had been asked to speak in a different context , the uproar would not be there . "  If he was invited to a town hall meeting , a panel discussion , something where we were discussing these issues ... then I would n't have a problem with it . I would go and hear what he has to say , " she said . "  The problem is , a commencement is n't the context for a dialogue . He 's going to be standing up on the stage speaking to us in our seats . There is n't that opportunity for dialogue . " It 's a point with which one top Catholic agrees . "  I have no problem with Obama speaking on the campus . ... I have no problem with him addressing the law school , being involved in this symposium . ... I do have a problem giving him the honor , " said Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League . Watch more of Donohue 's take " But history and peace studies major Michael Angullo said most students stand behind Notre Dame 's invitation even if they do n't agree with all of Obama 's policies . "  Do n't think less of the University of Notre Dame , " Angullo said . "  Do n't let this mission be corrupted by a president whose thoughts on this issue are different than Catholic thoughts . Be willing to engage in that . " A poll out Thursday suggested that most U.S. Catholics want Notre Dame to allow Obama to speak . Sixty percent of Catholic voters sampled in the Quinnipiac University survey said Notre Dame should not rescind its invitation to the president . Observant Catholic voters who attend religious services about once a week say by a 49 percent to 43 percent margin that Notre Dame should keep Obama on the program . Catholics who attend services less frequently say by a 70 percent to 26 percent margin that Obama should speak , according to the poll . "  Neither Americans overall , nor Roman Catholic voters in particular , think Notre Dame should rescind its invitation to President Obama , " said Peter Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute . "  The strongest opposition to the president 's appearance comes from observant Catholics , but more of them than not say he should be allowed to speak . " The poll , taken April 21-27 , surveyed 2,041 registered voters nationwide . The margin of error is plus or minus 2.2 percentage points . "  Catholics are not a monolithic group . If you divide between practicing Catholics and nonpracticing Catholics , you 'll find that the practicing Catholics for some reason are opposed to Obama getting an honor . They 're not opposed to him speaking at Notre Dame ; they 're opposed to him being honored , " Donohue said .	Notre Dame student says "  I do not feel comfortable going and celebrating " Obama Obama to deliver graduation speech at University of Notre Dame on Sunday Catholic groups have protested the choice in speaker , noting his views New poll shows most Catholic voters want president to speak at Notre Dame
EW.com  -- One thing that makes television so great  and different from film  is the luxury of multiple years and seasons to explore different moments and experiences in a character 's life as they naturally progress . Because of that , TV shows frequently evolve drastically from their tidy season 1 concepts , which can make their original titles a bit confusing . With some minor spoilers ahead , here are six TV shows that might have benefited from a name change during their runs : Veep When the HBO comedy premiered back in 2012 , "  Veep " was the perfect fit for Julia Louis-Dreyfus ' Vice President Selina Meyer dealing with a life in politics and the politics of life . The show is fictional , but "  Veep " still follows the general rules of American government , so it was natural to assume that Selina would seek her boss ' job at some point , and season 3 $  s plot on the campaign trail foreshadowed such a change . Then came the two-part finale , when Selina was actually appointed president as the current commander in chief resigned to take care of his sick wife . Like another TV VP , "  House of Cards ' " Frank Underwood  Kevin Spacey  , Selina becomes president without a single vote cast for her  which looked like the only way she was gon na become president anyway after losing primaries in Iowa and New Hampshire  . But now that she 's not the "  Veep , " should the show still have the same name ? Alternative title : Peep Glee "  Open delight or pleasure ; exultant joy ; exultation "  $ " that 's how the dictionary defines "  glee , " but the Ryan Murphy musical series was more referring to the high school glee club joined by a bunch of reject teens in Ohio in season 1 . Now that Lea Michele is a household name , so is the idea of actually joining a school singing group . For the record , I was the veep  callback !  of my high school 's glee club before the show was on the air and before anyone really knew what a glee club was ; most schools just refer to them as choirs . And although the New Directions were really a show choir and not a glee club , the idea that singing gives you open delight or pleasure still resonated in the title . But halfway through the fifth season , the show moved completely out of Ohio to New York City to further follow the young characters once they got outside the choir room . Oh , and after years of threats and attempts , Sue Sylvester disbanded the glee club before they left the Midwest for good . I 'm sure that playing Fanny Brice on Broadway and having a TV show written about your too-good-to-be-true life  'cause it is a TV show  would bring me exultant joy , but Rachel Berry ai n't in the glee club anymore . Well , actually , no one is . And if the show wants to show what it really means to be a struggling young actor without a college education in the Big Apple , it needs to get a little dark . Alternative title : Gloom Cougar Town Though better than "  The Courteney Cox Show That Did n't Suck , " the title of the ABC  and later TBS  sitcom was a little misleading . The show takes place in a fictional Florida town nicknamed "  Cougar Town " because of the high school mascot , but the show is n't about the whole town ; it 's about Cox 's character Jules , single mother exploring the truths about dating and aging after just getting a divorce . The title was justified in the first season with a relationship with a younger man played by Nick Zano , but by season 3 , Jules was engaged and then married to a man her own age . By that point , the concept of the show was quite different than the pilot , and the creators actually did try and change the name multiple times . Options like Sunshine State , Grown Ups , Wine Time , The Sunshine State , and Family Jules all sounded too much like other properties , and a Twitter contest was even launched before season 3 for fan submissions . At least the producers had a sense of humor , though , with the subtitle "  Not Happy About It " running in promos and the opening sequence , referring to their frustration with the lack of action on the network 's part . The show will return for a sixth and final season sometime in 2015 on TBS , and it 's still called Cougar Town . Alternative title : The One About the Show With a Bad Title Beverly Hills , 90210 After the show premiered in 1990 , what quickly became the most popular ZIP code in America was actually one of five ZIP codes that makes up Beverly Hills , California , and the creators of the show were quick to defend the numerical sequence that was making them much larger numerical sequences at the bank . The show takes place in the fictitious West Beverly Hills High School , not because the real Beverly Hills High would n't allow it , but because the school is actually located in 90212 . Later on in the series when the group attends  the , again , fictitious  California University , the exact location is left up to the imagination of the viewer , but most would assume it also fit the same code . Not exactly . California University was really filmed on the campus of Occidental College in Eagle Rock , California , a.k.a. 90041 . And who could forget the beach apartment that Donna and Kelly shared in later seasons ? For those unfamiliar with California geography , Beverly Hills is not near the beach at all . That all took place in Hermosa Beach , 90254 . Alternative title : Beverly Hills , Etc. . Family Matters Ask anyone on the street if they know "  Family Matters , " and you might get mixed responses . Ask anyone on the street if they know who Steve Urkel is , and whoa , mama , you 'll probably get a more positive reaction . "  Family Matters " began as a family sitcom centered on matriarch Harriette Winslow , with Jo Marie Payton reprising her role from "  Perfect Strangers " for the spin-off . However , halfway through the first season , the family 's neighbor Steve Urkel was introduced as a love interest for daughter Laura and not only took over the show , but pretty much all of pop culture at the moment . The show ran for nine seasons and more than 200 episodes , eventually introducing Steve 's suave alter-ego Stefan Urquelle and his female cousin Myrtle Urkel , also played by Jaleel White . Alternative title : Only Urkel Matters Two and a Half Men The CBS sitcom has seen its fair share of ups and downs over the years . At one point , it was nominated for multiple Emmys while bringing in millions of viewers each week , but it will probably end up being more remembered for the controversial cast shakeups . As the title suggests , the show was about two men  Charlie Sheen and Jon Cryer  and the young son  half man  of Cryer 's character , played by Angus T. Jones . After eight seasons , Charlie Sheen went all #winning on everyone and left the show , having his character killed in the premiere of the ninth season , and was later replaced by Ashton Kutcher  still a man  . After Sheen left , Jones went all religious on everyone in 2012 and called the show "  filth that contradicts my moral values . " After some contract negotiations and a brief recurring status , Jones officially left the show at the end of season 10 and was replaced by Amber Tamblyn  not a full or half man  as the long-lost lesbian daughter of Sheen 's character . Since the show has lost one and a half of those two and a half men , it would seem an update would make sense . Alternative title : Two and a Half Casting Changes See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Veep " does n't really fit anymore "  Glee " is hardly about a glee club anymore "  90210 " was actually a different location
CNN  -- The death toll from a massive landslide that struck in Washington state 's Cascade Mountains rose Tuesday to 35 , the Snohomish County medical examiner said . Eleven people are still missing after a rain-saturated hillside along the Stillaguamish River gave way on the outskirts of the rural town of Oso on March 22 . The news came as the White House announced President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22 , the one month anniversary of the slide , and meet with search crews . "  First and foremost our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone who lost a loved one and those whose friends and family remain missing as a result of this devastating incident , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters . Asked during the briefing if it would be a routine visit , Carney said "  the pain of the family members who loved ones is not routine . " "  It 's unique in each case and each instance , " Carney said . "  And I think the President is as heartbroken by this event , as he has been on each occasion that something like this has happened in the country , where he traveled to participate in ceremonies or services that commemorate those lost and celebrate their lives . " Search crews continue to dig through deep , gelatinous mud and debris , which is 70 feet thick in some places , to search for the missing . Of the 34 recovered bodies , 30 have been identified , the medical examiner said . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Of the 35 bodies recovered , 31 have been identified , the medical examiner says NEW : 11 people are still missing , authorities say President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22 , the one-month anniversary He will meet with search-and-recovery crews , the White House says
CNN  -- Pop superstar Whitney Houston was seen ordering and consuming considerable quantities of alcohol at The Beverly Hilton two mornings last week , said a source briefed on her behavior and activity in the days before her death Saturday . The source told CNN 's Don Lemon that Houston ordered the drinks before 10 a.m. last Wednesday and Thursday from the bars in the lobby and pool area . Guests both days overheard Houston loudly complaining about her drinks , accusing bartenders of "  watering down " or "  putting too much ice " in them , the source said Wednesday . Houston 's funeral will be broadcast Saturday The source said other guests expressed concern about Houston 's erratic behavior . Her disheveled appearance , including mismatched clothing , suggested to them that she was intoxicated , the source said . The source said Houston was seen jumping in and out of the pool and doing somersaults in the pool area . The source added that Houston was alone for some of the time , but was also seen at the pool drinking with her entourage and a male companion on both days . Saturday , the day she died , Houston was seen drinking at the pool in the morning , although the source noted witnesses said her behavior did not appear erratic . A singer who participated in an impromptu duet with Houston at a party Thursday night said Houston was not behaving erratically , but did have champagne . "  I did n't see someone who was high , " Kelly Price told CNN 's "  Starting Point " on Monday . During the party , Houston took the stage unexpectedly and sang a hoarse rendition of "  Jesus Loves Me " with Price . Authorities are trying to determine the source of Houston 's prescription medication found in the hotel room where she died , officials said Wednesday . The Los Angeles County Coroner 's office has issued subpoenas seeking Houston 's medical records and her prescriptions , Ed Winter , assistant chief coroner , said Wednesday . Investigators are also contacting pharmacies where the prescriptions were filled , he said . Houston , 48 , was found dead in the bathtub of her suite at the Beverly Hilton on Saturday , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammys bash at the Beverly Hills , California , hotel . Houston 's death certificate , filed Wednesday , listed her cause of death as "  deferred , " meaning it was delayed pending more information . Speculation has grown while authorities await the outcome of toxicology tests that could take weeks . See PDF file of the death certificate Winter has said that while medication was found in the room , the amount was less than that usually present in overdose deaths . "  I know there are reports that she maybe was drowned or did she overdose , but we wo n't make a final determination until all the tests are in , " Winter said earlier . He ruled out foul play and said there were no injuries to Houston 's body . The prescriptions found in the room were in Houston 's name , Winter told Lemon . By contacting the doctors , investigators are attempting to verify the prescriptions and find out if there were any more . Several doctors have been contacted in California and other states , along with pharmacies , he said . All were cooperating . "  The doctors I 've contacted so far have been helpful , " he said , and nothing out of the ordinary was found as long as Houston was taking the medication as prescribed . Some additional information has been gained , he said , and investigators are waiting to see Houston 's medical records . It does not appear that she was "  doctor shopping , " he said , but officials are attempting to contact as many doctors as possible to rule that out , along with determining whether Houston was filling multiple prescriptions . "  Everything is above board , " Winter said . "  So far , nothing looks criminal . " But it was too soon to say whether Houston had any prescriptions she should not have or used an alias , he said . Although subpoenas have been issued -- a fairly unusual step in a death investigation -- Winter said the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has not been asked to assist . As part of the investigation following the death of singer Michael Jackson in 2009 , bags and bottles of prescription drugs were found at Jackson 's home . Local and state authorities spent months tracking the pharmacies that filled the prescriptions . One of those pharmacies was the Mickey Fine Pharmacy and Grill in Beverly Hills . One of the prescriptions found in Houston 's suite was also from the Mickey Fine pharmacy , Winter said , but "  the prescription that came from Mickey Fine is not something that would kill her . " Investigators want a history of all prescriptions Houston may have filled there and at other pharmacies , and wants to make sure all of the pharmacies that filled Houston 's prescriptions are accounted for . Generally , "  you go to a doctor and get a prescription , then you go to the dentist and get another prescription , " he said . Houston visited a Beverly Hills ear , nose and throat specialist four days before she died , a source familiar with her visit said Wednesday . Dr. Shawn Nasseri has treated Houston for throat and vocal problems for several years , said the source , who asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak publicly about it . Nasseri treats many well-known singers who have vocal problems , and has served as the doctor for "  American Idol " contestants for several years . Houston 's battles with drug addiction had cast a shadow in recent years over her impressive singing voice and her talent . However , a close family friend told CNN on Tuesday that Houston had not used "  hard drugs " for several years , although she was taking medication for a throat infection and Xanax or a similar drug for anxiety and to help her sleep . The friend said Houston was also known to have a drink if she went out . The coroner 's office said toxicology tests could take six to eight weeks , though Beverly Hills police Lt. Mark Rosen said that the coroner 's report is expected to be finished sooner -- in two to three weeks . Winter said Wednesday his office has asked that Houston 's toxicology results be expedited , saying he 's hoping for a tournaround of four to six weeks , possibly sooner . "  With respect to Ms. Houston , we have an average of 50 cases a day , " he said . "  We 've got 49 other cases and families looking for results too . " A private , invitation-only funeral is planned for Houston on Saturday at New Hope Baptist Church in Newark , New Jersey , where she honed her vocal skills as a child . The services are expected to be made available for television and web streaming , Houston 's publicist said . Singer Aretha Franklin , Houston 's godmother who is known as the "  Queen of Soul , " has been asked to perform at the funeral service , Franklin 's spokeswoman said . And Houston 's cousin , singer Dionne Warwick , was in New Jersey helping the family with funeral arrangements , Warwick 's publicist said . Gospel singer and pastor Marvin L. Winans will give the eulogy at the funeral at the request of Houston 's mother , said New Hope Pastor Joe Carter . Winans officiated Houston 's 1992 marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , said Carter . The two divorced in 2007 . Asked why no public memorial service was planned , Winans told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night the family did n't "  want to have a parade . " "  I do n't think , knowing Cissy  Houston 's mother  and the Houston family ... it was a matter of public or private as it was this is my daughter , this is my sister , this is my mother , this is my friend and we want to do this with dignity . " Although the family is not commenting on Houston 's burial location , her death certificate filed Wednesday in Los Angeles lists it as Fairview Cemetery in Westfield , New Jersey . A message left by CNN with the cemetery office was not immediately returned . Meanwhile , Bobby Brown said in a statement Wednesday his 18-year-old daughter with Houston , Bobbi Kristina , is "  doing much better . " The teenager was twice taken to Los Angeles ' Cedars-Sinai Medical Center to be treated for stress and anxiety in the day following her mother 's death . A close family friend said Tuesday that Bobbi Kristina was in the care of her grandmother , Cissy Houston , and her father . "  We continue to provide love and support to Bobbi Kristina , " Bobby Brown 's statement said Wednesday . "  She is dealing with the tragedy of her mother 's death and would prefer to do it outside of the public eye . I ask again that our privacy be respected . " CNN 's Stan Wilson , Alan Duke , Denise Quan and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	Houston ordered considerable quantities of alcohol in days before death , source says Death certificate says Houston will be buried in Westfield , New Jersey The coroner 's office has issued subpoenas for Houston 's medical records , prescriptions It does not appear Houston was "  doctor shopping , " assistant chief coroner says
CNN  -- A late goal from teenage substitute Divock Origi gave Belgium a hard-fought Group H victory over Russia at a sun-kissed Marcana Stadium Sunday . The 19-year-old striker pounced on Eden Hazard 's cut-back to drive the ball high into the net past Igor Akinfeev , sending Marc Wilmots ' team into the last 16 of the World Cup with a game to spare . In Sunday 's second Group H fixture , Algeria overcame South Korea 4-2 in Porto Alegre for its first World Cup victory since defeating Chile in Spain 1982 . The results mean Russia , Algeria and South Korea all still have a chance of progressing to the second phase alongside Belgium , with the final round of matches on Thursday . Belgium 1-0 Russia In what was largely a tepid and tame match , Belgium controlled much of the possession -- although it was Russia who had the better of the early play and chances . Victor Fayzulan 's low drive from the edge of the box was saved by Thibaut Courtois as the sides sized each other up early on . Alexander Kokorin missed a glorious chance for the Russians just before halftime when he headed wide unmarked from only eight yards out . Fabio Capello 's men felt they should have had penalty earlier in the half after Maksim Kanunnikov tumbled under the challenge of Tony Alderweireld but the referee adjudged the Russian midfielder to have stumbled over the ball . If the first half was starved of chances , the second half was famished . There was little of note until the last 15 minutes when the Belgians began to press Kevin Mirallas drilled a free kick from 25 yards low against Akinfeev 's right-hand post before Hazard had a shot deflected narrowly wide after displaying some nifty footwork inside the Russian penalty area . But just as a draw seemed likely , the Chelsea star again weaved some magic to set up Origi -- who had come on in the second half to replace the ineffectual Romelu Lukaku . The late strike also marked the first time a teenager has scored at a World Cup since Lionel Messi did so for Argentina against Serbia in 2006 . "  It was a highly tactical game , " a satisfied Wilmots told reporters after the match . "  We were fresher , we were better and that made the difference -- maybe due to our very good fitness preparations . " With qualification now guaranteed , the 45-year-old also hinted at resting players for the final group match against South Korea Thursday . "  We want to be number one in the group but if there are yellow cards or for reasons of freshness I may make a decision , " said Wilmots , who is Belgium 's all-time leading scorer at the World Cup with five goals from the three tournaments he played at from 1994-2002 . Capello , meanwhile , lamented what he saw as his side 's hard luck in his post match comments . "  The truth of the matter is we had chances to win it but we lost . Both teams gave it their all and unfortunately it was Belgium that was able to make it , " the Italian said . "  We have to look forward and I said when we came to play in this World Cup after being absent for 12 years that this will be a great help for us to understand the level we need to be at in future competitions . " Algeria 4-2 South Korea The Desert Foxes picked up their first World Cup victory in 32 years after a three-goal first-half blitz at Estadio Beira-Rio . Man of the match Islam Slimani , defender Rafik Halliche and forward Abdelmoumene Djabou gave the North Africans a convincing lead as they overpowered the 2002 semifinalist . Son Heungmin pulled a goal back for South Korea at the beginning of the second half before Yacine Brahimi -- who switched allegiance from his native France last year -- restored Algeria 's advantage with a tidy finish after a one-two with Slimani on the edge of the area . South Korea captain Koo Jacheol then pulled another back with 18 minutes remaining , but Algeria held on for the historic win . Coach Vahid Halilhodzic , who guided Ivory Coast to the last World Cup but was fired before it started , knows his team can reach the second round for the first time by beating Russia on Thursday . Russia can also progress with a win if South Korea fails to defeat Belgium . If Algeria and Russia draw , South Korea can go through by beating Belgium . If Russia and South Korea both win , the Asian side will have to do so by two more goals to overcome its differential deficit . Sunday 's score updates	Belgium defeats Russia 1-0 in Group H clash at Maracana Late goal from substitute Divock Origi settles affair Algeria defeat South Korea 4-2 in second Group H fixture of day Belgium through to last 16 while Russia , Algeria and South Korea can all still qualify
CNN  In baseball , there 's a traditional comeback after a tough season : "  Wait 'til next year ! " For climate change "  next year " is now . This year is the time and the United Nations ' international climate negotiations in Paris in December are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions . A successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway . The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change . The U.S. administration on Tuesday unveiled details about its proposal to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 . This common-sense and achievable plan to decarbonize the U.S. economy will result in significant cost savings from cleaner technologies and create more American energy jobs to power our homes and businesses . This is an area where the United States needs to lead , and doing so will create a better planet for our children and a more prosperous future for our country . The United States is n't alone in this global climate effort . In a landmark joint announcement with the United States in November , China unveiled its intent to peak its carbon emissions around 2030 and to double its share of zero-carbon energy to 20 % . This shift will require substantial effort from China to retool its economy , increase investment in renewable energy and divest from coal . As the world 's No. 1 investor in renewable energy , China has already taken important steps forward . At the same time , India has set the audacious goal of installing 100 gigawatts of solar power capacity by 2022 , a 30-fold increase from current levels and eight times more solar capacity than the United States has today . Cities and corporations are joining in as well . More than 200 cities , home to 436 million people , have voluntarily committed to saving 13 gigatons of greenhouse gas emissions by midcentury . And more than a thousand companies , along with 73 countries , voiced support for putting a price on carbon and moving to cleaner energy technologies . Leading companies , like Apple and Google , are making major bets on renewable energy . And another 25 businesses have signed onto the Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers ' Principles -- these companies represent energy demand equal to more than 1 million homes . Increasing examples demonstrate that strong climate action can be good for the economy . For instance , renewable sources now provide one-fifth of the world 's electricity , while solar manufacturing costs have dropped 80 % in the last seven years . Wind turbines installed now are 100 times better at generating power than turbines were 30 years ago . Clean technology investments surged to $ 310 billion last year . In the United States , carbon emissions fell by 10 % from 2007 to 2013 , the largest absolute emissions reduction recorded , even as the United States has recovered from the Great Recession . Many of these shifts are unprecedented and could not have been anticipated even five years ago . Yet these trends alone are not enough to counter the mounting climate-related impacts that we are already seeing . A global climate agreement in Paris this December can send more signals to markets and drive more ambitious climate action for decades to come . A Paris agreement would represent a new form of international cooperation and a fundamental change in the global approach to climate action -- a shift from burden-sharing to the creation of mutual opportunities ; from cost to investment ; from economic threat to a spur to economic development . With the United States showing the way , and with cooperation from other countries , businesses , investors , cities and citizens , we can achieve a prosperous and secure future for all . Each year , baseball returns and hope springs eternal . Now , it 's time for all countries to get in the game .	Bill Richardson : U.S announced plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 He says China , India , major corporations , cities among those already setting goals for cutting emissions . U.S. must lead in this effort
New York  CNN  -- With the election just days away , most Americans disapprove of both Democrats and Republicans in Congress , while 58 percent of our fellow citizens say it 's time for a third party . So let 's break out of the two-party mold and take a look at some of the independent candidates across the country who are surging or struggling as Election Day approaches . More Americans now identify themselves as independent than Democrat or Republican -- and independent candidacies are on the rise . "  Ninety-two percent of the voters this election will find a minor party or independent candidate on their ballot , either for statewide office or for U.S. House , " said Richard Winger of the Ballot Access News . "  That 's higher than in a normal midterm year . " The United States had four independent governors in the 1990s -- Jesse Ventura of Minnesota , Lowell Weicker of Connecticut , Wally Hickel of Alaska , and Angus King of Maine -- but none in the last decade . We 've had three independents in the Senate since 2000 -- Vermont 's Jim Jeffords and Bernie Sanders as well as Connecticut 's Joe Lieberman . And independent Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York City is mentioned as a possible candidate for president in 2012 , following in Ross Perot 's self-funded footsteps . This year , we have high-profile candidates running for governor 's mansions and for the U.S. Senate as independents . Lincoln Chafee is leading in polls to become the first independent governor of Rhode Island -- one of 10 states where registered independents outnumber Democrats or Republicans . President Obama recently decided not to endorse the Democrat in this race out of deference to Chafee , who had been a rare Republican friend in the Senate and supported Obama in ' 08 . There is "  fatigue with the two parties right now , " Chafee told me a few months ago . "  People are so weary of the gridlock and partisanship . It 's counterproductive to moving the country forward in our very , very challenging times . " In Maine , independent Eliot Cutler is trending upward and collecting major newspaper endorsements for his bid to be governor , though he still trails in the polls . But in a state where two-term Gov. Angus King set the model for independent executives , you ca n't count out a man whose plans are praised by local newspapers as "  thoughtful , logical and , most important , doable " -- especially when his GOP opponent is becoming best known for promising to tell the president to "  get the hell out " of his state . Two serious independent Senate runs are being conducted this year , both by centrist Republicans who found themselves being pushed out by conservative Tea Party activists in closed partisan primaries . In Alaska , polls show incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski running neck and neck with GOP nominee Joe Miller , who enjoys the support of former Gov. Sarah Palin . Murkowski is running as an independent in a write-in candidacy . The last successful write-in Senate candidate was Strom Thurmond in 1954 . But the Murkowski name is almost as influential in Alaska , and Joe Miller 's erratic behavior , including allowing his private security staff to handcuff a local reporter , is provoking a backlash even among conservatives like Ben Stein , who recently called him a "  clown . " In Florida , Gov. Charlie Crist has been campaigning as an independent for the U.S. Senate . He was leading in polls over the summer , but GOP nominee Marco Rubio has been surging by staying competitive among Florida 's 2.5 million independent voters , while keeping his Republican base happy . It might surprise you to know that there are 140 independent or third-party candidates running for the House of Representatives this year -- and while most are admittedly long shots , their campaigns retain an aura of idealism and independence . For example , in Mississippi , independent candidate Les Green , a local math teacher , explains the logic of his campaign in a radio ad which proclaims , "  They say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result . But that 's what we 've been doing electing the same career politicians of the same political parties year after year -- 13 trillion in debt , open borders , and 8 million lost jobs is what we got . ... I 'm no politician , but I know when things do n't add up . If we want to change Washington , we have to change who we send there . " One of the most interesting stories of independence this year comes from the Modern Whig Party , a surprising reinvention of the political party to which Henry Clay and Abraham Lincoln once belonged . "  We are in the grass-roots stage , but over time , when people think Whig , we want them to think of non-fringe , pragmatic centrist solutions , " said Andrew Evans , one of the founders and leaders of the party . "  We wanted that connection to history , " he said , "  but we have modern principles -- our members tend to be socially liberal but fiscally conservative . " The Modern Whig Party claims 50,000 members in all 50 states , and it is running a handful of candidates for both Congress and statewide office this year . Jeff Vanke is the party 's candidate in Virginia 's 6th District , running a competitive campaign against Republican incumbent Bob Goodlatte .  There is no Democrat in the race .  Vanke -- a 40-year-old former Eagle Scout with a Ph.D. in history -- has a detailed balanced budget proposal as the centerpiece of his campaign and pledges to keep at least 50 percent of his net worth in federal bonds "  in order to get more of American debt out of Chinese , Middle Eastern , and other foreign hands and back into our own country . " More and more Americans are declaring their independence , because the two major parties seem to be controlled by special interests or the parties ' most extreme elements , leading directly to government dysfunction . The parties are not mentioned in the Constitution , but they act as if they are the purpose of our politics . They are not . And until they become more representative and responsive to the majority of Americans who feel politically homeless , we will see more declarations of independents . The courage of their example could drive a renewal of our democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John P. Avlon .	John Avlon : Most people are unhappy with the two major parties and want an alternative He says several independents and third parties are on ballots this year Avlon says Lincoln Chafee is running a credible independent campaign in Rhode Island Avlon : The two major parties "  act as if they are the purpose of our politics "
Japan has long been the world leader in robotics research , but in recent years it 's also been leading the way when it comes to cutting-edge medical technology . A prototype "  Finger Rehabilitation Glove , " designed to aid recovery from paralysis . From robot nurses that can lift hospital patients in and out of their beds , to intelligent toilets that can dispense medical advice , Japanese researchers are developing radical new approaches to health care . While many of these technologies are still at the prototype stage , it may not be long before they turn up in a hospital near you .	Japan is leading the way with advances in cutting-edge medical technology Researchers have developed nurse robots that can assist in hospitals The "  Intelligent Toilet " can test blood pressure and give health advice
CNN  -- Ten everyday people will be recognized Thursday for their remarkable efforts to make the world a better place . CNN 's Anderson Cooper will reveal this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes during the 8 a.m. hour of "  New Day . " All the top 10 Heroes were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN . Each will receive $ 50,000 and be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs December 1 . One of the top 10 will receive an additional $ 250,000 for their cause if the public chooses them as the CNN Hero of the Year . Starting Thursday morning , you will be able to vote for your favorite Hero at CNNHeroes.com or from your mobile device . Voting ends November 17 . Last year 's Hero of the Year was Pushpa Basnet , a Nepalese woman who supports children so they do n't have to live behind bars with their incarcerated parents . She started a home in Kathmandu where children can receive education , food , medical care and a chance to live a more normal life . "  These children have done nothing wrong . They are simply caught in something they do not understand , " Basnet said . "  We want to work with the government to bring them all out of prison . And they deserve a better future . " Robin Lim , the Hero of the Year in 2011 , was recognized for helping thousands of poor Indonesians have a healthy pregnancy and birth . "  I found that if you have a good idea and you do it with love , a lot of people want to help you , " Lim said . This is the seventh year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those years , the campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . This year 's tribute show will be held in New York and hosted by Cooper at the American Museum of Natural History . Click here to see all the extraordinary Heroes who have been featured this year .	The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 will be revealed Thursday morning on CNN and CNN.com They will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which airs December 1 Who will be the Hero of the Year ? You can cast your vote once the names are revealed
CNN  -- The Endreson family lottery pool -- a tradition born out of their mother 's long-term dreams -- finally paid off when the 17 siblings won a $ 20 million jackpot , New Jersey lottery officials said Thursday . The siblings , ranging in age from 53 to 76 , began playing the lottery decades ago because of their mother 's dream of buying bungalows at the Jersey Shore , where most of the family lives . After the hopeful matriarch , Flossie Endreson , passed away in 2004 , the siblings chipped in to pay for funeral expenses and realized they had set aside too much . Instead of taking the remaining money back , the siblings started a new lottery pool in their mother 's honor , said family spokeswoman Marie McHenry . "  We 're a family of working people , " McHenry said , "  We just go to work every day like everyone else . " The Endresons ' good fortune comes after their share of hardships . Four family members lost their homes during Superstorm Sandy in 2012 , and one sibling lost his life shortly after the storm . The jackpot winnings "  could n't have come at a better time , " McHenry said . The siblings ' father emigrated from Norway in the early 20th century , later meeting their mother on the Jersey Shore , where the family remained and settled in Ocean County , McHenry said . The pair had 19 children , according to N.J. lottery . One child died at birth . When asked what their mother would say about winning the lottery , one sibling shouted : "  Hallelujah ! " The total jackpot was $ 20.1 million with the family opting to take a lump sum payment of $ 14 million , about $ 10 million after taxes , according to the New Jersey lottery . Family members would not comment on how they plan to divide the winnings , but said they would share it with the three children of their recently deceased brother . John Endreson , one of the siblings who lost his home during Superstorm Sandy , broke down during the press conference as he talked about the devastation of the storm . The storm "  depleted my savings and now things are looking pretty good . Thanks to the state of New Jersey and my mom . Thank you all , " he said . Rich man , I am : Yoda fan wins $ 425M Powerball prize Man checks lottery ticket 2 weeks later , claims half of $ 648M Lottery winner gives $ 40 million jackpot to charity	A group of 17 brothers and sisters hits the Pick-6 lottery for a jackpot of $ 20.1 million Playing the lotto as a group is a family tradition started by their mother Four members of the family lost their homes in Superstorm Sandy "  It could n't have come at a better time , " a family spokeswoman says
CNN  -- As reports of swine flu continue to rise in the United States and around the world , the average American is probably asking , "  How should I protect myself ? " U.S. health officials stress the importance of frequent hand washing during outbreaks of illness . Health officials ' advice is to follow common-sense precautions : Wash your hands , stay home if you 're sick and listen to your local health authorities . "  Very frequent hand-washing is something that we talk about time and time again and that is an effective way to reduce transmission of disease , " said Dr. Richard Besser , acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  If you 're sick , it 's very important that people stay at home . If your children are sick , have a fever and flu-like illness , they should n't go to school . And if you 're ill , you should n't get on an airplane or another public transport to travel . Those things are part of personal responsibility in trying to reduce the impact . " So far , Mexico has been hardest hit by swine flu . Cases have been confirmed in the United States , as well as countries including Canada , New Zealand , Spain , United Kingdom , and Israel . "  In areas with no disease yet , a lot of what we can do sounds simple and repetitive but helps , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director of the CDC 's Science and Public Health Program . In addition to washing hands often , she recommends covering your mouth when coughing and sneezing and avoiding touching your eyes and nose in case the virus is on your hands . The World Health Organization calls the situation a "  public health emergency of international concern , " and the United States has declared a "  public health emergency , " likened by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano to preparations for a potential hurricane . No authorities are calling the outbreak a pandemic . The CDC expects U.S. numbers will grow and recommendations will change depending on what happens in individual communities , said the CDC 's Schuchat . The public should pay attention to what is happening nearby and heed the guidance of local health officials regarding school , work and public events . Because so much is still unknown at this point , the main risk factor is people traveling to areas where cases have already been identified . "  However this virus may already be in other places in the United States , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner told CNN . "  With enhanced surveillance , we will see more cases and that is why it makes good sense to be proactive , by doing things we know are effective in reducing exposure . " Explainer : Swine flu facts " Schuchat noted swine flu symptoms are relatively general and nonspecific . "  So many different things can cause these symptoms . it is a dilemma , " she said . "  It is a challenge that we are wrestling with . There is not a perfect test right now to let a person or doctor know exactly what this is . " But Schuchat specifically advised anyone who feels ill after returning from Mexico to see a doctor . Unfortunately , since this is a new strain of influenza , the flu vaccine for this past flu season offers no protection . "  However , we do have anti-virals that work against this swine flu , " said Skinner , referring to oseltamivir  Tamiflu  and zanamivir  Relenza  . "  Someone who has -LSB- swine flu -RSB- , if they are treated early , the anti-flu medicines work against this . " According to Skinner , health officials are still trying to figure out where exactly the virus originated , how transmissible it is and why it is mild in some cases and deadlier in others . CNN 's Mary Carter contributed to this report .	Take standard flu season precautions to avoid infection , CDC advises Chief risk factor is traveling to areas where swine flu has been identified No vaccine for new strain exists but antiviral drugs can shorten duration
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The central business district of Bangkok dodged severe flooding Saturday afternoon , but surrounding areas of the bustling capital faced further inundation at the next high tide . A dreaded tide on Saturday spurred residents ' fears that it would overwhelm defenses along the Chao Phraya River and its many canals . Bangkok 's outer suburbs were already submerged , but the central city has been largely spared the misery Thailand has been suffering for months in the nation 's worst flooding since 1942 . In the east and the north of the city , water was at waist-level in some neighborhoods . But the city -- which sits barely above sea level -- still faces two converging threats . Massive runoff was flowing south to the sea through Bangkok , as high tides pushed the water in the opposite direction . "  The challenge is to manage the huge runoff from the north passing via the city on its way to the Gulf of Thailand , " a Red Cross bulletin said . Bangkok 's Chinatown area -- normally hopping with activity on a Saturday afternoon -- was largely desolate , with few passers-by wading in knee-deep water . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra ordered work crews Friday to cut channels in roadways to allow faster drainage , according to the MCOT news agency . But the plan was rejected late in the day in favor of dredging canals and using pumps , the Bangkok Post reported . Health concerns were rising with the water . Bangkok residents plodded through murky waters without knowing what lurked within , the risk of infection and communicable disease worrying health officials . The government sent out crocodile hunters after reports of crocodiles and snakes in the filthy floodwater . "  We were hearing disturbing reports of dangerous animals such as snakes and crocodiles appearing in the floodwaters , and every day we see children playing in the water , bathing or wading through it trying to make their way to dry ground , " said Annie Bodmer-Roy , spokeswoman for the humanitarian agency Save the Children . As floodwater entered homes , some Bangkok residents still in the city made plans to leave . Thanyarat Hemkittiwat said she was going to stay with relatives outside the city . "  Some families in southern Bangkok had their house flooded , " said the 31-year-old worker at a furniture export company , which was shut after it also was flooded . "  The water level is 2 meters  six feet  high and smells very bad , " she said . The Bangkok Post reported that government buses had evacuated a number of elderly residents from the northern and eastern suburbs , and would pick up residents of the capital on Saturday and take them out of Bangkok . As of Saturday , an estimated 1 million of the city 's 12 million residents had left . Another Bangkok resident said she was worried about abandoning her house , which has been flooded for five days , and would not leave . Panic buying has led to a shortage of food and bottled water in the capital , residents said . And the worst might not yet be over . Another high tide -- expected to reach about 4 meters  13 feet  high -- is forecast for Sunday morning . Officials urged tourists to steer clear of Bangkok , while noting that many of the other tourist spots , such as Phuket , remained dry and open for business . Thailand 's Ministry of Public Health had transferred 280 of the capital 's 520 patients in severe condition to 22 hospitals upcountry , the MCOT news agency reported . The remaining 240 patients will be taken to hospitals in other provinces by Sunday , it said , citing Permanent-Secretary for Health Paichit Varachit . Health Minister Witthaya Buranasiri said that , after months of flooding , 107,101 Thais have been diagnosed with stress , 6,214 with depression and 878 at risk of suicide . In all , 1,356 people were under observation by health officials , the minister said , according to MCOT . The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert on Thursday , recommending against all but essential travel to affected areas . It noted that most tourist destinations , such as Phuket and Chiang Mai , were unaffected . U.S. Ambassador Kristie Kenny said the crisis was slow-moving and it was hard to know what would be hit next . The floods , caused by monsoon rains that saturated rivers , have killed 373 people nationwide and affected more than 9.5 million people , Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe The government has called the flooding the worst to afflict the nation in half a century and said it might take more than a month before the waters recede from some areas . The government has set up more than 1,700 shelters nationwide , and more than 113,000 people have taken refuge in them . Overall damage from the floods could exceed $ 6 billion , the Thai Finance Ministry said . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Kocha Olarn , Ivan Cabrera , Moni Basu , Aliza Kassim and Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	Some areas outside of central Bangkok are covered in waist-deep water The flooding in Thailand is the worst since 1942 and has killed 373 people Thailand is dealing with massive runoff from monsoon rains compounded by high tides Another high tide of about 4 meters  13 feet  is forecast for Sunday morning
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Any author or filmmaker seeking ideas for a sci-fi yarn about the implications of artificial intelligence -- good or bad -- would be smart to talk to Ray Kurzweil . Kurzweil , the acclaimed inventor and futurist , believes that humans and technology are blurring -- note the smartphone appendages in almost everyone 's hand -- and will eventually merge . "  We are a human-machine civilization . Everybody has been enhanced with computer technology , " he told a capacity crowd of more than 3,000 tech-savvy listeners Monday at the South by Southwest Interactive conference . "  They 're really part of who we are . "  If we can convince people that computers have complexity of thought and nuance ... we 'll come to accept them as human . " A pioneer in the field of speech recognition , Kurzweil is perhaps best known for his bestseller , "  The Singularity is Near , " which predicts that in the future we will augment our bodies with technology , including robotics and artificial intelligence . "  We created these tools to extend our reach , " he said -- something we 've been doing as humans "  ever since we first picked up a stick to reach a tree branch . " Asked by interviewer Lev Grossman whether artificial intelligence will lead to malevolent machines that will come to dominate humans , he said he was more concerned about what humans will do to themselves . "  I do n't see it as ` us vs. them . ' I see it as ` us vs. us . ' " Kurzweil believes technology is advancing at exponential speed -- so fast that previously unimaginable inventions will be a reality within decades . He cited nanotechnology -- microscopic computers -- that will be 1,000 times more powerful than human blood cells and injected in people 's bloodstreams to give them superhuman endurance . He also believes computer technology is democratizing society by empowering anyone with creativity and and a broadband connection . "  You can start world-changing revolution with the power of your ideas and the tools that everyone has , " he said . "  A kid in Africa has access to more information than the president of the United States did 15 years ago . " The 64-year-old author made a few other bold predictions in his hourlong talk : -- "  It 's an amazing threshold that people are talking to computers -LSB- in natural language -RSB- , " he said , when asked about Apple 's Siri . "  Siri is only going to get better . " -- Moore 's Law , the rule of thumb that the pace of innovation in computer technology doubles every 18 months to two years , will come to an end by 2020 . -- "  As we go through this decade , search engines are n't going to wait to be asked . They 'll be listening -LSB- to humans -RSB- in the background . And -LSB- the search results -RSB- will just pop up . "	Ray Kurzweil , the acclaimed inventor and futurist , believes that humans and technology are merging Kurzweil on portentous sci-fi fears about computers : "  I do n't see it as them vs. us " He spoke to a crowd of more than 3,000 at the South by Southwest Interactive conference
CNN  -- For as long as we 've watched television , we 've talked about it . And thanks to social media , in the past few years we 've moved our living room discussions and chit-chats around office water coolers to the wider digital world . Viewers now take to Facebook to exchange their views with friends , and shows frequently broadcast their suggested Twitter hash-tag over opening credits . Viewers of X Factor can even tweet their vote for contestants , and in the United States characters from Glee have their own Twitter accounts on which they tweet , as the show is broadcast . For producers and broadcasters , who are increasingly aware of the benefits of an online buzz , encouraging this kind of real-time viewer interaction $ " or "  social television "  $ " is increasingly important . And for social media companies , any tie-in with television can only be advantageous . A recent Deloitte survey showed that the British still spend 12 times more time watching BBC1 or ITV1  the UK 's largest television channels  than they do looking at Twitter , Facebook and LinkedIn . They also consume television in significantly longer sessions . However the two sources are increasingly being consumed simultaneously . Numerous studies have discovered that up to 80 % of television viewers of all ages now incorporate a "  second screen " -- laptop , smartphone or tablet computer - into their viewing habits . Apps , such as Zeebox , have recently hit the market , designed to facilitate this new merging of multiple sources . Zeebox determines what show is currently being viewed and then provides streams from relevant social media , as well as offering targeted links to spin-off products , and background information about the actors , music or writers drawn from online resources . According to the marketing campaign , the app allows its users to "  sit together on a virtual couch ... even though you may not be in the same place together . " Simultaneously , the broadcasters can hawk their wares and generate additional e-commerce revenue . Social media company Live Talk Back has a similar app named Tellybug , and has also built a social media platform specifically for X Factor . This includes a "  tap and clap " facility , through which viewers can virtually boo or clap an act at the touch of a button , without even the need to construct a 140-character response . In the app 's first five weeks in operation , there were more than 100 million claps or boos . While X-Factor , remains by far the biggest regular hitter when it comes to TV-related tweets in the UK -- 3.7 million of the 38.7 million made about shows broadcast free-to-air on British television from April 1 to November 1 this year -- it is not just entertainment shows getting in on the act . According to research by Live Talk Back , the list of the top 20 tweeted shows also includes news and current affairs programs , as well as sports coverage including Wimbledon and Formula One . By transforming broadcasts into multi-media events , not only do the programs attract more viewers , but also the necessity grows among the audience to watch the first screening , or else be exposed to spoilers and excluded from the fun . "  If you 're not playing along at the time the show is being broadcast , you both do n't get to see what your friends are doing , and they do n't get to see what you 're doing , " said Matt Millar , founder of Live Talk Back . "  You 're much , much more out of the loop . " This community spirit means that broadcasters can guarantee to advertisers that their shows attract a real-time audience and can not therefore skip the commercials . Media analysts are coy on the specifics of what is lined up next for social television . Robin Grant , of the social media agency We Are Social , hinted that there are innovations afoot surrounding the broadcasts of major sporting events . Meanwhile Millar said that he is talking with producers of more than 20 shows across all the major UK broadcasters preparing to enhance their interactive output . Millar said that he has encountered proposals for social media interaction with drama series , where an audience vote would determine plot twists and denouements , essentially turning television drama into a "  Choose Your Own Adventure " - style experience . This approach has yielded indifferent results in more high-brow pursuits -- recent attempts in collaborative novel-writing have largely failed -- but the advertising world has already embraced similar interactivity . The "  Adam and Jane " advertising campaign for telecoms company BT , for example , invited viewers to decide the fate of their eponymous fictional couple . More than 1.6 million Facebook voters decided to bestow a child on the lovers and then also had their say on the minutia of the couple 's wedding . "  We 've moved on from a temporary aberration where , through the invention of the printing press all the way through to the invention of TV , communication became one-way for a few hundred years , " Grant said . "  That 's not the natural human state . Social media has brought us all back around the campfire and allowed us to talk to each other and to take part in the stories people are telling . "	Social media and TV are becoming closer entwined X Factor allows TV audience to vote , boo or cheer contestants via Twitter Around 80 % of TV viewers watch shows with a "  second screen "
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- The Russian Orthodox Church enthroned a new leader Sunday at Moscow 's spectacular Christ the Savior Cathedral in a ceremony attended by Russian leaders and Christian delegations from around the world . Patriach Kirill is the first new leader of the Russian Orthodox Church since the collapse of communism . Patriarch Kirill , 62 , becomes first new leader of the church since the fall of communism , and the first enthroned in the Cathedral since it was rebuilt at the end of the 1990s . Russian first lady Svetlana Medvedeva was the first person to receive the Eucharist from the new Patriarch , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . Russian Orthodox Church leaders chose Kirill Tuesday to replace Patriarch Alexy II , who died in December . Kirill , who became acting head of the church after Alexy died , is seen as a modernizer . He chaired the church 's department for external relations starting in 1989 . Kirill becomes the 16th Patriarch since the position was created in 1589 . The appointment is for life . He met Pope Benedict XVI recently , one of the highest-level meetings between Roman Catholic and Orthodox leaders since the two churches split more than 1,000 years ago . The late Pope John Paul II was repeatedly denied permission to visit Russia . Kirill said before he was elected Tuesday that the Russian Orthodox Church should work with other Christian faiths to support "  those partners who are ready to oppose , together with us , the marginalization of religion , to speak out for believers ' rights and to build one 's life according to one 's own principles , to defend the underlying meaning of morality in the life of an individual and society . " Alexy , 79 , died December 5 after 18 years at the head of the church . He is credited with reviving the denomination after years of communist rule .	Patriarch Kirill becomes first new leader of church since fall of communism Kirill is seen as a modernizer and has met Pope Benedict XVI Patriarch Alexy II died December 5 after 18 years as head of the church
