Los Angeles  CNN  -- The suspected Los Angeles International Airport gunman walked up to a security checkpoint , shot a TSA officer "  at point-blank range , " went up an escalator , then came back down to shoot his victim again , a federal prosecutor said Saturday . That TSA officer , Gerardo Hernandez , died of his wounds . The man who shot him , authorities say , is 23-year-old Paul Anthony Ciancia . A federal complaint was filed Saturday afternoon charging Ciancia with two felony offenses -- murder of a federal officer and commission of violence in an international airport , said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. . If convicted , Ciancia would face life in prison without parole or the death penalty , according to the federal prosecutor . The U.S. attorney general would decide if a death sentence would be sought . According to Birotte , the suspect walked up to a TSA checkpoint in Terminal 3 around 9:20 a.m. , pulled a "  Smith & Wesson .223 - caliber M&P 15 assault rifle out of his bag and filed multiple rounds " at the uniformed officer . He walked away , went up an escalator , then came back down to fire more shots at Hernandez , Birotte said . The gunman then proceeded through the terminal -- hitting two other uniformed TSA officers and a civilian passenger with gunfire , said Birotte -- before he was shot and wounded himself by airport police . By then , people were sprinting for their lives -- down escalators , out emergency exit doors , cramming into bathrooms and first-class lounges , anything to get out of the line of fire . Two people suffered what FBI Special Agent in Charge David Bowdich called "  evasion injuries , " getting hurt as they were trying to avoid being shot . Ciancia is being treated in a hospital after being shot himself by airport police , Bowdich said late Saturday afternoon . "  He is unresponsive , " the FBI official added , "  and we are unable to interview him , as of today . " ` Conscious decision to kill ... TSA employees ' So how did he ended up handcuffed to a gurney , leaving behind five magazines of ammunition that Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said "  could have literally killed everyone in that terminal " ? Source : Angry , rambling texts Some clues have emerged -- including that authorities found he 'd been carrying a rant that appeared to refer to the New World Order plus anti-government claims , a federal law enforcement official said Saturday . It 's not clear what gave rise to the references , and federal investigators have found no known links to known groups or anything in the suspect 's background to explain them . The New World Order is generally considered to be a conspiracy theory in which people suspect a group of elites is conspiring to form an authoritarian , one-world government . Bowdich , from the FBI , said the handwritten note indicated the suspect made "  a conscious decision to kill multiple TSA employees . " "  He addressed them  TSA officers  at one point in the letter , " Bowdich said , "  and stated that he wanted to ` instill fear into their traitorous minds . ' " In his diatribe , the gunman claimed the TSA treats Americans like terrorists even though all people are n't equally dangerous , a U.S. law enforcement official said . And near the end of the note was a derogatory reference to Janet Napolitano , the former head of the Department of Homeland Security that includes TSA , according to the same official . Another clue to the state of mind of Ciancia -- who was dropped off at the airport by a roommate who , investigators believe , did n't know about any shooting plot , the law enforcement official said -- came from his family . He lives in Los Angeles , but his family back in New Jersey were concerned about him , said Allen Cummings , chief of police in Pennsville , New Jersey . Ciancia 's family became concerned in recent days after he sent his brother and father "  angry , rambling " texts venting about the government , living in Los Angeles and his unhappiness generally , an intelligence source said . Opinion : Arming TSA officers not the answer But despite the unsettling text , Ciancia 's family was still surprised by Friday 's events . "  They 're upset , " Cummings told reporters . "  I mean this is a shock to them , it 's a shock to our community . " Widow of victim : ' I am truly devastated ' Ciancia is being treated for his injuries at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , according to an intelligence source . So , too , is one other person -- the hospital said Saturday one person is in critical condition and the other is in fair , without specifying their names , and noted another person was treated and released Friday . Two other patients were transported to Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance , said David Klurad , a trauma surgeon there . Klurad described one as a "  middle-aged " person with minor injuries from being shot in the shoulder . The other had no signs of life when he arrived at the hospital , the surgeon said Friday . It 's presumed that fatality is Gerardo Hernandez , the lone person killed in the shooting according to authorities . He 's the first TSA officer to die in the line of duty since the agency was founded in 2001 . The late officer was working as a travel document checker at the time , TSA workers ' union and federal sources say . Gannon said airport police quickly applied first aid to Hernandez , put him in a wheelchair , then rolled him to an ambulance . "  They were absolutely committed to trying to save a life , " the police chief said . "  Unfortunately , that did n't work out . " Gerardo Hernandez would have turned 40 next week . His widow described him as a "  wonderful husband , father , brother , son and friend . " "  I am truly devastated , " his widow said . The chaos also affected more than 165,000 passengers on hundreds of flights , as the airport shut down for hours . By early Saturday afternoon , all of it -- including Terminal 3 -- was reopened . By then , security was out in force -- an "  enhanced deployment " that included Los Angeles police department officers and air marshals in addition to airport police , according to Airport police Chief Patrick Gannon . Some were uniformed , others were undercover . "  For today and for the foreseeable future , we 'll continue  to have  a very high profile at the curbs and anywhere in those ticketing areas and anywhere on our campuses , " the chief said . TSA : Number of guns discovered in airports rising Questions about recent repositioning of airport police The shooting has stirred questions about a recent repositioning of airport police officers around what is known as LAX . Gannon explained Saturday that , in the past year , he decided to move officers from behind a TSA security checkpoint to in front of it , where they also took on "  greater responsibilities " such as monitoring both the arrival and departure floors of the terminal . "  The threat ... at the airport does not exist behind security at that podium , the threat exists from the curbline on , " Gannon said . "  So ... we have our people stationed throughout the airport . "  That particular individual " -- he added , referring to the nearest police officer to the site of Friday 's initial shooting -- "  was just moved to the front part of the airport . " At the same time , Gannon acknowledged the trade-off of having the officers roam a larger area , rather than sit at a checkpoint . "  So are they going to be in the exact same  place  , exactly where I 'd hoped they would be ? No , " he said . "  It did n't happen in this particular case . " Was there anything more behind the shift ? A law enforcement source told CNN on Saturday that airport police officers had complained to their union about being "  bored with the assignment " of being stationed behind the TSA checkpoint . Concurrently , TSA management complained that airport police officers were n't paying attention -- sometimes perusing their phones , using iPads or reading books on the job -- according to the same source . Then came "  a fix " agreed to by TSA and airport police management , to keep officers in the public areas but position them in front of the checkpoints , including the one where Friday 's shooting began . Part of the deal was that officers would never be more than two minutes from the checkpoint screening area , if needed , according to the law enforcement source . While Gannon has n't addressed the claims of "  bored " and "  distracted " officers , he said Saturday the FBI has indicated his officers "  were 60 seconds behind the suspect . " However it was decided where they 'd be standing , he insisted the two were where they were supposed to be , and did what they were supposed to do . "  Our officers were deployed where they were supposed to be and performed heroically in this particular matter , " Gannon said . TSA Administrator John Pistole called the shooting "  a significant event " that will prompt a review of security protocol with partner agencies . Speaking Saturday from Los Angeles , Pistole said , "  This gives us great concern , so we 'll look at what our policies are . " CNN 's Dan Simon in Los Angeles and CNN 's Greg Botelho in Atlanta reported and wrote . CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Michael Martinez , Evan Perez , Joe Sutton , Chelsea J. Carter , Casey Wian , Deborah Feyerick , Paul Matadeen , Kyung Lah and Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor : The suspect shot TSA officer , went away , came back , shot officer again He wrote that he wanted to "  instill fear " in TSA employees , FBI official says FBI : 5 people total were shot , including 3 TSA officers and a civilian The suspect is "  unresponsive , " has n't answered questions , FBI official adds
CNN  -- A controversial Kansas church says members will picket before the memorial service Wednesday evening for two Florida teenagers allegedly killed by their mother . In a press release , Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka , Kansas , said it will demonstrate outside the service in Tampa because the mother is a military wife and "  the doomed American military declared war on God & His church . " The controversial church and its pastor , Fred Phelps , have made their name picketing near funerals of people who died of AIDS , gay people and soldiers . The church plans to picket beginning at 5:15 p.m.and ending at 6 p.m. , when the service is scheduled to start , according to CNN affiliate WFTS-TV in Tampa . Julie K. Schenecker , 50 , is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the shooting deaths Friday of her 16-year-old daughter , Calyx , and her 13-year-old son , Beau . She was denied bail at a court appearance Monday , a court spokesman said . Her husband , Army Col. Parker Schenecker , is with the U.S. Central Command , which is headquartered in Tampa . Police told WFTS that he was in the Persian Gulf emirate of Qatar when his children were killed . King High School , which Calyx attended , and Liberty Middle School , where Beau was a student , are sponsoring the service at First Baptist Church of Temple Terrace in Tampa , the church said . Josh Saliba , director of creative ministries , told CNN he would not comment on Westboro Baptist 's plans to protest . On Monday -- their first day back since the shootings became public -- students at Liberty Middle School wore blue and black in memory of Beau , who was an eighth-grader there . CNN affiliate Bay News 9 posted a statement Monday from the Schenecker family : "  Colonel Parker Schenecker has returned from his deployment and is grieving with family and friends . He is devoted first and foremost to honoring the lives and memory of his beautiful children , Calyx and Beau , " the statement said . "  Parker and his family have been touched by the overwhelming support from the community both near and abroad . Arrangements and details are still being finalized with regard to the services to be held for Calyx and Beau . " A search warrant filed Tuesday said Julie Schenecker was unconscious and wearing a bloody robe , and her slain children were covered in blankets when police arrived . Julie Schenecker was awakened and taken from a screened-in pool area to inside the home , where evidence was recovered , according to the warrant filed in Circuit Court in Hillsborough County . The search warrant was posted on the website of CNN affiliate WTSP . The warrant provides new details in the case : Five bullets , along with a Smith & Wesson box and instruction manual , were found in the master bedroom ; 15 live rounds and five spent shell casings were in the master bath . Also indicated in the search warrant -- both inside and outside the house -- were cigarette butts , note pads , undisclosed medication and paperwork . Police found Calyx 's body in an upstairs bedroom . She had been shot twice in the head , police said . Beau 's body was later found in the front seat of an SUV inside the home 's garage , police said . They said he was shot while he was being driven to soccer practice . Schenecker confessed to killing the children , according to a police statement , eventually recounting her rationale and thought process "  in detail , " according to a news release . "  She did tell us that they talked back , that they were mouthy , " Tampa police spokeswoman Laura McElroy told CNN affiliate WTSP last week . "  But I do n't think that will ever serve as an explanation to the rest of us of how you could take a child 's life . " Schenecker had initially planned what she called the "  massacre " -- killing the children and then herself , McElroy said on Monday -- for January 22 , but she put it off after learning there would be a three-day check before she could buy a gun . Police later found writings in the house , thought to be from Schenecker , in which she spelled out her intentions in detail . "  There are definitely indications that she planned this , " McElroy said . "  The writing  was devoid of emotion . " CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report	Westboro Baptist Church says it will picket service because mother is a military wife Tampa schools sponsoring service for brother and sister , who were slain last Friday Julie K. Schenecker , 50 , is charged with murder in the deaths of her children Her husband is with the U.S. Central Command
Next Tuesday , the U.S. Department of Justice is set to release hundreds more pages of legal opinions detailing the National Security Agency 's alarming surveillance operations . The new release should further anger Americans who were already deeply dismayed by the disclosure of an October 2011 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court opinion , which found that the NSA had violated the Constitution and federal law with its surveillance program . But we should n't just be upset because the court opinion revealed that the NSA has illegally and unconstitutionally collected the emails and other communications of tens of thousands of innocent Americans . We should n't just be upset because the NSA could n't convince a secret court that its surveillance was legal . And we should n't just be upset because the opinion showed that the government , in the words of the FISA court , "  frequently and systemically " disregarded the court 's orders . What should infuriate every American -- whether you 're a Republican or Democrat , rich or poor , or even whether you are for or against the NSA 's surveillance program -- is the fact that the government hid the FISA court 's opinion from the public for years . Hiding a significant opinion of a federal court , regardless of the topic of the opinion , is inimical to our democracy . In the ongoing debate on NSA surveillance , there are two separate , but equally important , questions at stake . The first part of the debate focuses on the legality of the surveillance : is the NSA 's surveillance being conducted in accordance with federal laws and the Constitution ? The second focuses on the democratic legitimacy of the surveillance : have citizens , through their elected officials and through an informed and fair process , approved the laws the government relies on and the actions of the NSA ? Even setting aside one 's views on the first question , the story behind the FISA court opinion provides insight on the second question . The answer , quite simply , is "  no . " The government has intentionally kept the public in the dark for years . For the past year , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , where I work , has been fighting the government in federal court for the public release of the FISA court 's opinion . We sued the Department of Justice in August 2012 after the government refused to disclose it . Initially , we sought the opinion to contribute to a full , informed public debate on the reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act , the expansive federal law the NSA relies on to conduct its domestic surveillance operations . The law was scheduled to expire at the end of 2012 , and , in the summer and fall of 2012 , Congress was debating whether the law should be renewed and if reforms should be introduced . But , during that debate , the government repeatedly delayed publicly disclosing anything about the opinion or the government 's surveillance . Months went by , the debate on the FISA Amendments Act came and went , and , on December 30 , 2012 , the law was reauthorized for another four years . On January 4 , 2013 , four days after the reauthorization was signed into law , the government finally produced records in response to our lawsuit . Here 's an example of what they gave us . In short , nothing . Now , eight months later -- and only after EFF won the first known motion by a private party in the secret FISA court ; only after the most significant leak of surveillance information in American history ; and only after a federal court ordered the government to finalize its declassification decisions and release the opinion -- the government finally relented . When current and former administration officials like Gen. Michael Hayden take to the airwaves or editorial pages to rebut the " -LSB- b -RSB- reathless claims " about NSA spying with condescending offers to help "  citizens understand a few basics of what exactly is being done , " know this -- advocates and organizations like the EFF have been fighting for a "  few basics " about NSA surveillance practices for years . But government officials , like Hayden , have refused at every step in the process to provide those facts . And , as is now apparent , it 's not just the public that was denied information , members of Congress and the judiciary have been misled or kept in the dark about many aspects of the NSA 's surveillance as well . Now is the time to change this . The executive branch , intelligence agencies and the NSA in particular have lost the right to stonewall the public about their activities . They have lost the right to treat us condescendingly . And it 's far too late in the day to selectively provide a "  few basics " about the government 's surveillance . We need all the facts , and we need them now . In the 1970s , after the Watergate scandal and multiple reports that federal agencies had spied on Americans , Congress created a special investigatory commission , the Church Committee , to investigate . Through public hearings and investigations , the Committee ultimately produced a series of reports providing the most thorough investigation of American intelligence agencies in our nation 's history . Many of the Committee 's recommendations were adopted and resulted in a host of beneficial reforms to federal law . It 's now apparent that we need a second Church Committee to fully and independently investigate the full scope of the NSA 's surveillance practices and to recommend meaningful reforms . EFF , along with 100 other organizations and more than 500,000 individuals , have joined together to call on Congress to initiate a full , and public , investigation of the government 's intelligence practices . And I hope Hayden will join us , too . His recent op-ed remarked that the debate on NSA surveillance would be enhanced if "  discussion were based on fact rather than contaminated by inaccuracies and posturing . " I could n't agree more . We have been lied to , misled and kept in the dark for too long : it 's time we the people command the full story on NSA surveillance .	A secret court opinion found that the NSA had violated Americans ' rights Mark Rumold : It 's outrageous that government hid the opinion from the public He says the NSA must not stonewall the public about their activities anymore Rumold : We need to investigate the full scope of NSA 's surveillance practices
Fast Company  -- Demand Media burst onto the public markets last month , quickly earning itself a valuation of $ 1.5 billion -- and a tidy payday for its chief investors and founders . But it 's possible they got into the market just before the getting stopped being good . There 's a rising backlash against "  spam " search results and other low-quality content , and that could spell the death knell for content farms like Demand . The problem : Google used to be an efficient way to find what you needed . Enter a search term , and , presto , the results served up the very thing you were looking for . But increasingly , that 's not the case . Investor and business commentator Paul Kedrosky recently vented his outrage at the pile of garbage he found on Google when he went looking for tips on buying a dishwasher . UC Berkeley professor  and tech commentator  Vivek Wadhwa threw up his hands when Google could n't help his students find the information they were looking for . And at a panel on the future of search earlier this week , Loopt co-founder Sam Altman said : "  Three times in the last month , I searched for things on Google , and the result was n't on the front page . That 's the first time it 's ever happened . " A major source of the problem is the entire industry that has emerged to game the Google system , producing content that looks promising within the results , but that when clicked on , serves up a mishmash of text that looks like sneezed-out alphabet soup . The material produced by Demand Media -- and other content farms , like AOL 's Seed -- is usually not as egregious as the example above , but it 's often not far behind . Demand and AOL both employ humans , but make thousands of assignments a month -- and there are minimum quality requirements . The payment structure at both companies is such that very few freelancers can afford to devote the time necessary to produce the kind of reliable take a reader might be looking for . For example , a Wired story about Demand described the efforts of a videographer to shoot , edit , and post 10 videos on kayaking techniques in under two hours , because he was only getting paid a total of $ 200 . Search engines , whose entire value proposition rests on the quality of the results they produce , are starting to take notice . Blekko , a new engine launched last year to fight this very problem , is already crowdsourcing quality by letting users mark results as spam . Earlier this week , Blekko announced that , based on feedback it received through its spam-watch program , it had decided to ban material from 20 sites produced by content farms , like Demand Media 's eHow . The sites "  are literally responsible for millions of pages on the Web that our users say are just not helpful and they 'd prefer they were banned permanently , " Blekko CEO Rich Skrenta said . "  So we 're going to do that for them . " Google has also responded . "  In 2010 , we launched two major algorithmic changes focused on low-quality sites , " Matt Cutts , Google 's leader for search quality , wrote on The Official Google Blog last month . "  Nonetheless , we hear the feedback from the web loud and clear : People are asking for even stronger action on content farms and sites that consist primarily of spammy or low-quality content . ... We can and should do better . " What Google will actually do remains to be seen . At Farsight 2011 this week , the conference at which Loopt 's Altman appeared , Cutts indicated that the search giant is looking for algorithmic ways to improve the quality of search results . "  We care about the long-term loyalty of our users , " he said . All of which means , if the search business gets serious about weeding out spam and low-quality content , Demand 's days could be numbered . Its business model was designed to exploit -- and reap revenue from -- the specific ecosystem into which it was born . But if that ecosystem changes , it 's anyone 's guess whether Demand will be able to retool and find a new strategy . The "  Risk Factors " section of its pre-IPO S-1 filing says as much : "  Internet search engines could decide that content on our owned and operated websites and on our customers ' websites , including content that is created by our freelance content creators , is unacceptable , "  the filing says . "  Any reduction in the number of users directed to our owned and operated websites and to our customers ' websites would negatively affect our ability to earn revenue . If traffic on our owned and operated websites and on our customers ' websites declines , we may need to resort to more costly sources to replace lost traffic , and such increased expense could adversely affect our business , revenue , financial condition and results of operations . " Fast Company reached out to Demand for comment , but they declined because they are still in the "  quiet period " required by the SEC , which prohibits companies from talking about themselves in the period surrounding an IPO . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Demand Media was recently valued at $ 1.5 billion at its initial public offering But a search-engine crackdown could spell trouble for content farms like Demand Google 's Matt Cutts says the search giant plans to crack down on low-quality content Blekko , a startup search engine , already bans results from Demand Media
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As thousands of traumatized typhoon survivors struggled to escape the stricken city of Tacloban , Gina Ladrera was desperate to get back in . It had been five days since Super Typhoon Haiyan slammed into the Philippines coast , obliterating everything in its path . And five days since she 'd last heard from her family : husband Pedro Ladrera Jr. , and their two children , 10-year-old daughter Kyra and 11-year-old son Kim . For the 39-year-old domestic worker living in Hong Kong , the silence was too much to bear . She had to go back home to find them . And miraculously , she did . READ MORE : Mother 's grief as Haiyan aid flows Leaving Hong Kong CNN first spoke to Ladrera on Tuesday evening , four days after the typhoon . She was packing for the flight from Hong Kong to Cebu . From there she hoped to fly to Tacloban City , then somehow travel more than 10 miles  17 kilometers  south to her hometown of Tanauan , a city of around 50,000 people . Ladrera 's voice broke as she recalled the last time she spoke with her husband , the previous Thursday , hours before screaming winds sent a wall of water slamming into the coast . "  He told me , ` do n't worry , they can manage , my two kids . ' It was the last words for me : ` Do n't worry , I can manage my kids . ' That was the last thing he told to me , " she said , bursting into tears . The Ladreras are used to separation . Gina has been working in Hong Kong for more than two years , sending money to her 39-year-old husband , Pedro , a security guard , to help him provide for their children . Asked to describe them , Ladrera says Kyra is "  very clever , " before adding in a stilted , tearful laugh , Kim is "  very lazy to do his homework , he likes to play . " VIDEO : Haiyan 's path of destruction Ladrera is one of hundreds of thousands of domestic workers who leave the Philippines to earn money abroad . In the days after the storm , she feared Haiyan may have separated her family forever . "  I asked them to evacuate in another place or another house but  my husband  did n't know the typhoon was very worse . I do n't know if they evacuated , " she said . "  I ca n't talk to them . " For hours after the storm hit , she tried calling her husband and daughter 's mobile phones . There was no answer . By Friday afternoon , there was n't even a signal . She had n't heard from neighbors , or anyone who knew them . Days later , the Philippine Consulate in Hong Kong had no record of their whereabouts . With the help of her Hong Kong employers , Ladrera packed a large backpack with food , water , a tent and sleeping bag and left for a place described by survivors as "  worse than hell . " Returning to Tacloban Ladrera flew from Hong Kong to Cebu on Wednesday morning with a friend , Rita Ladenia , a fellow domestic worker from Hong Kong who was also frantic with worry about her husband and five-year-old son . Ladenia had heard her family was alive but needed to find out for sure . Once in Cebu , the women immediately booked tickets to fly to Tacloban the following morning . Ladrera said she was nervous , scared and worried about having her bag stolen by starving survivors desperate for rations . She was n't sure how long she 'd stay or what she 'd find . Ladrera planned to meet her friend 's husband at the airport who would take her by motorbike to her family 's home , where she hoped to find them safe and well . For whatever reason , that plan did n't work . Losing contact After the typhoon , mobile signals were sporadic at best in Tacloban , a city splintered by the force of Haiyan , which smashed into the coast on Friday , November 8 , bringing a storm surge that caught many locals by surprise . Ladrera had a local mobile but repeated calls to the number were met with the message : "  The subscriber can not be reached . Please try again later . " Her friend Ladenia , who was reunited with her husband at the airport , sent a message to friends in Hong Kong that Ladrera had left the airport with a film crew from GMA-7 , a Filipino news channel . A GMA-7 producer told CNN they had spoken to her at the airport , but said when they returned later to pick her up for the trip to her home town she was gone . There was no sign of her on Friday , one week after the typhoon , and no way to tell her the news she 'd been so desperate to hear , that her husband and children had survived the storm and were safe . "  We had an agreement with Gina that if she gets in her place she was going to call me back . I 'm also worried about her . I 've not heard from her , " Ladenia said on Friday . It was n't until Saturday that word came through that Gina had made it to Tanauan and had been reunited with her family . She sent a text message to her friend -- all were safe . READ MORE : Survivors question faith ` I 'm so blessed because I found them ' Only later did it emerge the lengths Ladrera had gone to to get home , and her family 's astonishing story of survival as the storm lashed their house , and all but flattened the entire town . From Tacloban Airport , Ladrera begged for a ride from the Philippines military aboard a truck to Palo . From there , she rode with police to her home town of Tanauan . Everything was gone . But amid the debris , was her family , sheltering in a makeshift hut her husband made from what he could salvage from the remains of their house . "  They were very shocked . They did n't expect to see me . They were crying tears of joy , and then also my children , they did n't know what they 're feeling . I 'm so blessed because I found them , " she said . Her husband , two children and parents-in-law had survived by clinging onto electrical wiring on the rooftop for four hours until the storm passed , she said . They were bruised and scratched by flying debris ; minor injuries compared with the devastation around them . Neighbors gave them dry clothes , and a day later someone handed them rice and water . When Ladrera arrived home , there was no food left . She gave them what she had in her backpack then set about getting them out . They returned to Tacloban and on Sunday night caught a flight to Cebu . From there they 'll fly to Manila before heading to her mother 's home in Luzon . The children are in shock , she said , and are screaming in their sleep : "  They are crying no , no , no . " Ladrera plans to ensure her family is safely settled before she returns to work in Hong Kong . "  I 'm starting from zero , " she said , aware of the time it 'll take to earn the money to rebuild her family 's home and lives . "  I will go back to Hong Kong , I need to . I need to work because of my family , " she said . Another separation looms ahead . READ MORE : The body collectors of Tacloban	Gina Ladrera flew from Hong Kong to Tacloban to find her missing family She 'd been unable to contact them for days after Super Typhoon Haiyan Almost one week after typhoon , she found them alive amid ruins of their home Her family survived by clinging to electrical wire on the roof during the storm
CNN  For a second year in a row , Kenya 's busy capital city of Nairobi has been named the most intelligent city in Africa -- failing , however , to make it to the world 's top seven finalists . According to the Intelligent Community Forum , "  intelligent communities " are those that have taken "  conscious steps " to create an economy that can prosper in the "  broadband economy . " The group has recently released its latest rankings , recognizing the achievements of communities that have built inclusive , prosperous economies on a basis of information and communication technologies . Nairobi was the only African city to appear on their shortlist of 21 hubs throughout the world for 2015 . Intelligent Community Forum co-founder Robert Bell says : "  We see a strong foundation being put into place -LSB- in Nairobi -RSB- : sensible , pro-growth government policy , a more diversified economy , and an innovation ecosystem of startups , international companies and universities . "  Nairobi certainly has the opportunity to build an exciting future for its citizens , businesses and institutions . " The Kenyan capital , however , did n't make it to the next round that will see seven communities around the world contesting in June for the 2015 Intelligent Community of the Year award -- in alphabetical order , the 2015 Top7 Intelligent Communities were Arlington County  U.S.  , Columbus ,  U.S.  , Ipswich  Australia  , Mitchell  U.S.  , New Taipei City  Taiwan  , Rio de Janeiro  Brazil  and Surrey  Canada  . Click through the gallery to find out more about how Nairobi is dealing with the challenges of the broadband economy . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Robotics revolutions hits classrooms Read this Inside Africa 's biggest wind power project	Nairobi is the only African city to make it to the world 's top21 "  intelligent communities " The Kenyan capital , however , missed out of the top seven finalists
CNN  I was n't surprised the Confederation of African Football  CAF  suspended host Morocco from its most prestigious tournament -- the Africa Cup of Nations  AFCON  -- as the continent grappled with the Ebola crisis . It is important to take Ebola seriously , but Morocco took too long to make a decision and the North African nation had various options to control the risk , notably preventing fans from West Africa from entering the country . AFCON is still one of the world 's most important football tournaments and a sudden cancellation would have been ridiculous . The health of a continent is more important than any football tournament , but given the distance from Morocco to where the disease is most prevalent , the risk posed to the North African nation would have been small . Morocco offered to host the tournament the following year , but to have staged competitions in successive years -- 2016 and 2017 -- would have caused a huge rumpus with European clubs . Of course , an AFCON should be played on African soil , but would offering it to Qatar have been a better solution ? New host Equatorial Guinea -- the right choice ? For CAF to give the tournament to Equatorial Guinea , however , was a controversial decision . Western officials cite Equatorial Guinea as an example of a resource-rich country that is plagued by kleptocracy problems . President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo has been in power since 1979 and the vast majority of his citizens live in poverty . In recent years , anti-corruption groups have tried to draw attention to the ruling family 's assets in Europe and the United States . In 2012 , Equatorial Guinea co-hosted AFCON . I attended that tournament and it worked out , but remember Gabon was the co-host as well and that made a huge difference . But CAF did n't have a lot of options . Africa is n't like Europe where you clap your hands and you have 10 countries willing to host a major tournament . As they say , TIA -- "  This is Africa . " To be honest CAF was lucky to find a replacement on that short notice . "  CAF wishes to express its sincere thanks to the Equatorial Guinean people , its government and particularly president Obiang , " said CAF president Issa Hayatou in a statement . "  To agree to organize a competition like this two months before the event , you must admit you really have to be a true African . " But CAF could still face problems . Equatorial Guinea has two great stadiums , but the other two are not of international standard . It will be very difficult to host a tournament with similar conditions for all teams . The government will have to put in a lot of effort just to provide at least a normal playing surface . Equatorial Guinea 's infrastructure could also present problems . There are a few decent roads between the airport and the stadium or from city to city , but that 's not the case for the rest of the country . Will there be enough hotels and accommodation for the 16 teams , officials and international press ? Participants need to be prepared to improvise , but it will be a big challenge for everybody involved . Power cuts are a normal part of life in West Africa , so it 's not unusual that stars playing for Europe 's top clubs will have to take a cold shower or spend time in hotels without electricity , walking around with flashlights or candles . Many international fans wonder why African stars would accept such conditions . The reason is simple : All Africans are proud to represent their country and are honored to play at AFCON , even if they have to play on a bumpy pitch or are living in a less-than-luxurious hotel . For me that 's really impressive , touching even , when you realize how much it means to these guys to carry the flag for their country . Do n't expect African players to crumble under any pressure from European clubs asking them not to travel to the tournament because of Ebola . The players believe that they have to fight this illness by showing some solidarity . Uncomfortable atmosphere ? When I have been to Equatorial Guinea you often feel the locals are n't that keen to communicate with foreigners . The constant presence of military and police armed with rifles creates an uncomfortable atmosphere . When I was at the tournament in 2012 , my local driver was punched in his face with a gun because he asked politely if he could drop me and my cameraman closer to the stadium . That was one reason why I felt more comfortable in Gabon . I expect the attendances in Equatorial Guinea to be strong because the locals are big football fans . And if the government wants the stadiums to be full then people are most likely to go there . Africans view Equatorial Guinea 's national team somewhat critically , given it has too many naturalized players -- many were born in Spain , Colombia , Ivory Coast and Cameroon . Equatorial Guinea 's participation also signals a remarkable turnaround in its fortunes , following the team 's suspension from the competition for fielding an ineligible player earlier this year . A crazy draw -- who are the favorites ? AFCON offers a strange mix of football . Within two minutes you can witness everything from amateur level to world-class ability . You see unbelievable skills and seconds later you shake your head about a mistake you would n't even see in the lowest leagues . The weaker teams are no better than German third-division level , but with teams like Ivory Coast you see plenty of players who earn their money at top clubs . However , the level , especially in the tactical area , has improved drastically over the last four tournaments . Algeria is my tip to win the tournament . It 's a team that had a fantastic World Cup , a convincing qualification campaign and a team where it 's hard to spot any weakness . Algeria is a team that plays European football , is disciplined and physical , and has plenty of experience . Ghana is a contender because of the individual class of players like Asamoah Gyan and many others . It 's a shame that Nigeria -- the current African champions -- did n't qualify for the tournament . Nigerian coach Stephen Keshi always managed to field a team with a good mixture of overseas-based players and local youngsters . The Super Eagles will be sorely missed . I ca n't see a surprise winner like Zambia in 2012 . It was a once-in-a-lifetime fairytale when a team of unknown players beat sides like Ghana and Ivory Coast against all the odds . Senegal , with my good friend Alain Giresse in charge , is a team that could potentially go all the way . Its physical strength is known to anybody who watches African football , but Alan has formed a unit which has also improved tactically . Equatorial Guinea has a decent side but it 's not a team that has the level required to become African champions . Fans One of the big differences between the European Championship and AFCON is the attendance and the atmosphere in the stadiums . Why do you see so many empty seats in the stadiums ? Africa is a huge continent and connections from one country to the other by plane , train or car can be quite complicated and can take hours or even days . The travel costs are also very expensive and sometimes connections between African countries are easier with a stopover in Europe . Likewise , an average African worker would never be able to afford the airfare , while accommodation can be completely overpriced . A very average hotel room during the 2010 AFCON was sometimes more than $ 500 . Ticket prices at AFCON are also too high for fans . A normal ticket costs many times more than local fans would normally pay for tickets at a domestic league game . Average African fans just ca n't afford to pay such prices for a football game . Poverty forces people to buy food or medication instead of spending crazy money on a football match . Every match of the host nation is traditionally a sell-out crowd , and as long as the host is still in the tournament , the attendances are decent . But when the home team is eliminated , you sometimes get the feeling that the football in the country has just died , with local supporters losing immediate interest in the tournament . These days , African fan culture gravitates towards many of them supporting European teams . So much so , that the English Premier League means much more to African fans than AFCON . Who cares to watch Guinea against Senegal if you can see Chelsea , Manchester City , Manchester United , Liverpool or Arsenal at the same time on television ? African football , therefore , has a real struggle competing against the major European leagues , with Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar now the true idols of African fans .	2015 Africa Cup of Nations gets under way Saturday Equatorial Guinea hosting tournament after Morocco was suspended Morocco banned for refusing to host competition due to Ebola fears Reigning champion Nigeria did not qualify for 2015 tournament
CNN  The choice of a word by Pope Francis has drawn ire from Mexico 's government . And on Wednesday , the Vatican told Mexico that the Pontiff meant no offense . In a private email to a friend , Francis had lamented increased drug trafficking in his native Argentina , using the term "  Mexicanization . " "  Hopefully , we are still in time to avoid the ` Mexicanization . ' I was talking to some Mexican bishops and it 's a terrible situation , " Francis allegedly wrote . Mexico 's chief diplomat took offense and said he would send a note of protest to the Pontiff over the term . "  We would like to express our sadness and concern about the statements made regarding a private letter from Pope Francis , " said Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade . The ministry also contacted a Vatican diplomat . The Vatican 's secretary of state responded Wednesday and admitted to Pope Francis ' choice of words but said , "  The Pope did not in any way intend to offend the Mexican population , for whom he holds special affection , nor to underestimate the commitment of the Mexican government in its fight against narco-trafficking . " The secretary said the expression was part of a "  private and informal email " to a someone "  who had used this phrase . " Mexican authorities have battled drug cartels for nearly 10 years , and more than 60,000 people have died in that fight , Human Rights Watch has said . Mexico is the main supplier of marijuana and methamphetamine in the United States , and 90 % of cocaine arriving in the country is trafficked through Mexico . In recent years , according to Foreign Policy magazine , Mexican drug cartels have expanded their activities into Argentina . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	The Pope sent an email to a friend lamenting drug trafficking in his native Argentina Mexico contacted a Vatican diplomat over the Pontiff 's choice of terms
CNN  Two Los Angeles police officers were wounded in gunfire late Sunday , and police told local media they believe the officers were targeted . They were on duty in South L.A. , when gunfire erupted in the early evening , grazing both of them , said Officer Cory Meisner . They both sustained minor injuries and were treated at the scene . One of the officers had to have bullet fragments removed from his arm later , according to the LAPD . The Los Angeles Times reported that the officers had been driving through the neighborhood dressed in plain clothes . The officers returned fire , and several suspects scattered , Det. Meghan Aguilar told the newspaper , adding that the officers believed that they were targeted . But a public information officer for the LAPD disputes that possibility . "  The officers were in plain clothes , " Rosario Herrera told CNN . "  This can not be called targeting . The narcotics officers from the 77th division were driving in an unmarked police vehicle around 64th and Broadway when they were shot at and they returned fire . " Three individuals were detained for questioning , according to Herrera , but were not arrested . The names of the injured officers have not been released .	Plainclothes officers were wounded by gunfire LA Times : Police believe they were targeted LAPD PIO : "  This can not be called targeting "
Dohuk , Iraq  CNN  "  Aria " is only 15 , smiling as she greets and welcomes us into her family 's tent inside the Khanke refugee camp in northwest Iraq . Her parents sit nearby . Their faces , with their weathered skin and deep lines , speak of a difficult life that has just become much harder . Blankets and mattresses are stacked up on one side , except for a few that we sit on while a small fan gently whirls , creating a slight breeze in the stifling heat . The refugee camp , outside the town of Duhok , was created just last month by the UNHCR for the massive influx of Yazidis fleeing their homes in Sinjar from the ISIS onslaught . I ask Aria if she will tell us her story . She nods and then looks at her elderly parents and asks them to leave the tent . She does n't want them to hear what she 's about to say . Six weeks ago the family piled into their neighbor 's car in the early morning hours . They heard ISIS was coming and they were desperately trying to escape from their home in Sinjar . They got on the road , but a convoy of vehicles with black flags flying drove past them . They thought they had got away until minutes later when at least seven ISIS vehicles appeared on the road , surrounding them . "  They forced us out of the car , " said Aria . "  The girls and women were separated from the men including my 19-year-old brother . But they only took the girls forcing us into a minivan . " Horrific conditions From Sinjar , Aria , her 14-year-old sister-in-law and a handful of other girls were driven 120 kilometers to the ISIS stronghold of Mosul -- Iraq 's second largest city captured by militants back in June . They were taken to a three-story house where they were locked with dozens of other teenage girls who 'd been captured . "  In Mosul they tried to make us change our faith and religion , " she said . "  They said to us , ` Read our Quran . ' A couple of the girls said , ` We never went to school - we ca n't read . ' I could n't understand the Quran . " For more than three weeks , Aria stayed here under horrific conditions . During this time , a sheik came and collected 20 girls including her 14-year-old sister-in-law . "  He forced himself on her . I was so scared . A lot of my friends were raped . It 's hard to talk about it . " Sexual abuse is a taboo subject in this culture and to admit being a victim is unheard of . I gently ask Aria if she was also raped . She looks straight ahead , staring at the wall and shakes her head . It 's clear the teenager has been visibly traumatized . "  I see their faces all the time , " Aria said . "  I have nightmares . I ca n't stop thinking about how they forced themselves onto the girls . I have seen and been through too much . " Shame Tanya Kareem , UNHCR Duhok director , explains how difficult it is for girls like Aria to talk about what has happened to them . "  Even if these girls and women are released I think it 's impossible for them to talk about their painful ordeal . They are traumatized . And they 're from a society , a culture that does not accept what this means for the family . It brings so much shame so they just do n't talk about it . " Aria and her friend were then taken to Fallujah by two ISIS militants she calls Abu Hassan and Abu Jaffar . "  They were really filthy . They had long beards ; they were really tall and big . Even men would be scared of them . They forced us to marry them , threatening to hurt us if we did n't . They gave us a phone to call our families to tell them we 'd converted . " Using this phone , they secretly called her friend 's uncle who knew people in Fallujah who were prepared to help . When the militants left the house , the girls - dressed in niqabs -- escaped . "  My friend and I thought about killing ourselves . But we decided to ask my friend 's uncle for help to escape . He had friends living in Fallujah , but they could n't come to the house and rescue us , so we broke the door , put on veils , and walked for about an hour and met at a place where my friend 's uncle 's friends were waiting for us . They took us to a safe house in Fallujah . " But when she was reunited with her family in this refugee camp , she suffered once again . "  I did n't know that my brother had been killed . That made me very sad . I only had one brother . He was only married for six months . I was sad to hear this . They killed him and other men when they took me . They shot him in the head . My mother slept next to my brother 's body all night . " Aria does n't want to stay at the camp . Everyone knows what happened to her and she says they gossip and look at her whenever she goes outside . But her shame is dwarfed by her guilt after learning what happened to the other girls once ISIS discovered they 'd fled . "  They raped them because we escaped . That was the punishment . They tightened security so no girls can escape anymore . "  I have to live with that . "	15-year-old Aria 's hometown in Iraq was attacked by ISIS Aria was captured and held with other girls Aria managed to escape , but learns her brother was killed by ISIS Sexual violence remains a tool of war for ISIS , but a taboo
Tokyo  CNN  -- Video posted to YouTube shows the dramatic moment a food stall exploded at a fireworks festival in Japan on Thursday evening . More than 100,000 people had gathered for the annual pyrotechnic display in Fukuchiyama city , said the local chamber of commerce and industry , which organized the event . The video shows flames leaping from the stall 's awning , then screams after a second explosion less than two minutes later . People are seen lying on the ground receiving treatment , before firefighters race to the scene . Sixty people were taken to a number of hospitals , suffering from varying degrees of burns , authorities said . At one hospital alone , 16 people ages 8 to 85 years were treated for serious burns . Others were taken to more than 10 hospitals , some outside Kyoto prefecture . Police are investigating the cause of the blaze , which local media said was believed to have started when the operator of a food stall that sells "  baby kasutera , " a popular sponge-cake in Japan , tried to refuel his generator .	Dozens injured when food wagon explodes at fireworks festival Blast happened before fireworks started at Fukuchiyama city in Kyoto It 's believed food vendor was trying to refuel generator when blast occurred
CNN  -- An Australian swim coach has tough love for his compatriots in the Olympics this year : "  We 're getting too soft . Our work ethic has dropped down . " Ken Wood , the swim coach who helped train China 's double gold winner Ye Shiwen , one of the Olympic surprises this year , said the Australians "  can not afford to be soft " to compete with Chinese swimmers . Wood , a three-time Olympic coach with 40 years of experience , questioned the work ethic of Aussie athletes , saying those in London seemed to be more interested in socializing . "  They 're running their mobile phones , Twittering and Facebook and everything else , " Wood said . "  It was more of a carnival atmosphere . " Australia , usually a swimming powerhouse , is grappling with a disappointing showing in the London Games this year , compared with its Beijing performance in 2008 . Wood has coached swimmers and record breakers such as Australia 's Leisel Jones and Geoff Huegill . He first started coaching Ye when she was 14 years old . China has a system that identifies promising young talent between the ages of seven and 12 , he said . He called the unfounded allegations of doping surrounding Ye as "  absolute rubbish . " "  A lot of the credit has to go to Ye Shiwen 's Chinese coach . He 's done a great job with her , " Wood said . And the rising Chinese dominance in swimming is unlikely to fade , he added . "  It 's not a matter of if China is going to be No. 1 in swimming nation , it 's just when they will be , " Wood said . As of Thursday , Australia is 11th in the medal rankings , with 5 golds , 12 silvers and 9 bronze . Australia had finished the Beijing games with 14 gold medals and in 6th place in the medal rankings . Australian media has bemoaned the country 's performance , and the fact that the swimming nation has won one gold in the pool this Olympics . It has inspired a review of Australia 's swimming program , headed by former national head coach Bill Sweetenham and Olympian Suzie O'Neill . Swimming legend Ian Thorpe has suggested that less funding for sports could be one of the factors contributing to the country 's lacklustre showing . "  I think it would be great if we actually have a debate about this in Australia and actually talk about what the next 20 years of sport will look like . Sport needs to be included in the health budget , " said the five-time gold medal winner . London Olympics : Where is Australia ? Some Australian athletes have been pushing back on the criticism about their lack of gold medals in London . "  It 's bloody hard to make an Olympics final , let alone get a medal , " said Sally Pearson , who won silver in Beijing and also set a new Olympic record in a gold-winning performance in the 100m hurdles on Wednesday . "  I think it 's quite silly saying silver and bronze do n't get counted in a medal tally , because it feels like they 're not worth anything and they certainly are . " She said she was "  disappointed " by the response back home . "  To say that silver 's not good enough -- it 's rubbish , " Pearson said . Addressing the criticism of the Aussie team , she said : "  We 've come together as a really strong team . We 're like a little family . I do n't think anyone really feels we 've done so badly , because we 're so proud of everyone . " Journalist Monica Attard contributed to this article .	Swim coach says Australian athletes are too busy socializing and getting "  soft " Ken Wood also trained China 's double gold winner Ye Shiwen Other athletes say Australia 's performance in the Olympics has different factors
CNN  -- Uganda says it has captured a top commander of the Lord 's Resistance Army , the guerrilla movement notorious for its attacks on civilians and use of child soldiers . Ugandan commanders displayed Caesar Achellam to reporters after his capture in what they said was a weekend raid in the Central African Republic . The CAR is one of several African Union countries that has committed troops to hunt down LRA chieftain Joseph Kony , who is wanted for war crimes by the International Criminal Court . "  This is a big fish , " said Col. Felix Kulayigye , a Ugandan military spokesman . "  For Caesar to be in our hands it is a big statement , as far as our efforts to end this rebellion . " Achellam told reporters he hoped his capture would lead "  my people remaining in the brush " to give up , "  so that sooner maybe the war would come to an end . " Radhika Coomaraswamy , U.N. special representative for Children and Armed Conflict , called on Ugandan authorities Monday to "  not apply amnesty but instead , bring him  Achellam  to justice . " "  The arrest and subsequent prosecution of Achellam would send a strong message to the LRA leadership that they will be held accountable for their actions , " Coomaraswamy said . Achellam was captured with his wife , child and a 12-year-old girl from the Central African Republic , according to the U.N. Achellam and his family are in Ugandan custody in South Sudan . The unidentified girl remains in the Central African Republic . It 's unknown why she was with Achellam , the U.N. said . Kony led a failed uprising against the government of Uganda and was pushed out of Uganda in 2006 . He has been moving around other countries in the region ever since . Abou Moussa , a special U.N. envoy for central Africa , told CNN in March that Kony may be in the Central African Republic with between 200 and 700 remaining troops . Kony is accused of using vicious tactics to recruit children to use them as soldiers and sex slaves and of slicing off ears , noses and limbs of his victims . There are reports of child soldiers brainwashed into killing their own parents . A celebrity-backed video that went viral earlier this year helped make Kony 's alleged crimes more widely known . The half-hour documentary "  KONY 2012 " was viewed more than 89 million times on YouTube , but the video also spurred a flurry of questions about its producers ' intentions , their transparency and whether the social-media frenzy was too little , too late .	NEW : Achellam was captured with his wife , child and a 12-year-old Central African girl Caesar Achellam was captured in the Central African Republic , Uganda says "  This is a big fish , " a Ugandan military spokesman says Achellam is a top lieutenant to wanted LRA chieftain Joseph Kony
Bulawayo , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's prime minister Thursday said the country will hold an election in "  12 months " and he wants an outcome that ca n't be contested . "  In 12 months time we have an election in this country . Let it be free and let it be peaceful , " said Morgan Tsvangirai , speaking in Bulawayo -- about 450km south-west of Harare -- to his Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  party supporters ahead of a congress set for Friday . At the congress new MDC leadership will be elected to prepare for general elections in which Tsvangirai will lock horns with President Robert Mugabe . Tsvangirai predicted the MDC will win , ending the coalition government that has ruled Zimbabwe since 2009 . "  We are the next government of this country responsible to deal with unemployment which is over 85 percent . We have to resuscitate the economy and make it one of the best in Africa , " added Tsvangirai . Tsvangirai and Mugabe formed a fragile coalition government in 2009 after a disputed , violent election in 2008 . But the coalition has been marred by disagreements between the former political foes . "  People 's will must be respected  in the next elections  . The outcome of the polls must not be contested , " said Tsvangirai . "  Robert Mugabe and Zanu PF took this country to its knees in 30 years . We have a duty in the next government to bring it back , " added Tsvangirai , critical of his coalition partner and his party . Zimbabwe experienced a decade of negative economic growth before the formation of the coalition government , he noted . Mugabe has indicated that he wants an election this year to end the coalition government . But earlier this week , the country 's finance minister said the economy was not performing well enough to finance an election this year . Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga is expected to attend the MDC congress on Friday as "  the guest of honor " . Odinga , a fierce critic of Mugabe , was Kenya 's opposition leader before joining President Mwai Kibaki in a 2008 power-sharing deal following contested elections that sparked tribal violence in that country . A similar deal was later agreed to in Zimbabwe by Tsvangirai and his long-time rival Mugabe . This will be the first time that Odinga has visited Zimbabwe since being appointed prime minister .	Tsvangirai seeks end of current coalition government Zimbabwe 's finance minister says the country 's poor performance can not finance elections this year Tsvangirai says his party will form the next government and resuscitate the economy
Some people go on pilgrimages abroad for religious reasons or for historical interest . Denis Asselin created his own rite on the Eastern Seaboard in honor of his son who took his own life last year . For 45 days , Denis Asselin walked from Philadelphia to Boston in memory of his son , Nathaniel , who suffered from a severe form of a mental illness called body dysmorphic disorder . He crossed the finish line Thursday . "  I did really pound a lot of my grief into the ground , and I really did kind of let go of the feeling of loss , " says Asselin , 63 , of Cheyney , Pennsylvania . "  To let go of the anger about that , the injustice of that , and the cruelty of all that , and the beautiful metaphor of moving forward is what it is . " More than 150 people -- including patients , doctors and supporters -- came to the rally in Boston on Thursday to greet Asselin . He had been walking every day since April 24 . Dad walks 525 miles after son 's suicide Asselin 's walk helped raise money and awareness of obsessive-compulsive disorder . As a result of his project , Walking with Nathaniel , he has raised more than $ 17,000 for the International OCD Foundation . What is BDD ? Body dysmorphic disorder is a chronic mental illness characterized by obsessive thoughts about flaws in one 's own appearance . Those imperfections are minuscule or even imagined , but they cause patients great suffering because they feel so ashamed of them . One to 2 percent of the population is thought to have body dysmorphic disorder . A 2010 study in the journal Archives of General Psychiatry suggested that people with the condition have abnormal brain function when looking at pictures of their own face . Some patients seek elaborate cosmetic surgery procedures , over and over , but it 's never enough . The condition is associated with symptoms of other mental illnesses such as depression , eating disorders , social phobia , anxiety and suicidal thoughts and behaviors . Cognitive behavioral therapy helps some patients refocus their thoughts and see themselves in a more positive way . There are no approved medications specifically for the condition , but a doctor may prescribe antidepressants . But sometimes the condition can lead a person to attempt to harm himself or herself , or others , and requires hospitalization . Nathaniel Asselin 's symptoms began in fifth grade . He became obsessed with running , feeling he needed to go faster each day . His weight began dropping dramatically . At first , therapy and medication helped , but by 11th grade the boy was spending hours in front of the mirror . His parents struggled to find treatments that would work for him , trying their hardest to help . Nathaniel Asselin changed schools , tried homeschooling and underwent intensive therapy , including hospitalizations . On April 15 , 2011 , he took his own life . The walk Along Asselin 's walk of more than 500 miles , he stopped at schools , clinics and medical facilities where his son had been treated . Inspired by a trip along the Camino de Santiago in Spain with his family , Asselin decided to trek this pilgrimage of his own . To prepare , Asselin practiced walking locally around West Chester , Pennsylvania , between January and March , walking a total of 500 miles in a little over two months . A week into the walk , e-mails started coming to Asselin from people affected by body dysmorphic disorder expressing their deep gratitude for his journey . He also met patients at the rally Thursday . "  I just want to hug them , " he said . "  I just know what they 're going through , it 's so , so difficult , and how lonely it must feel to them , and how they must get discouraged , " Asselin said . "  It 's not a well-known disease and the protocols are not completely in place . " One of the most poignant moments for him took place at the Shipley School in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania , a private school where he 'd taught for 19 years . On the third day of the walk , the entire student body lined the street from the Lower School to the Upper School to wish him well , with the younger kids holding "  Buen Camino " signs and shouting "  ultreya , " meaning "  onward . " "  Here are people who are supporting me virtually , who are right there with me , and ca n't walk with me , but I could feel their energy , and I could feel that this mattered to them , " he said . Asselin was walking by himself for the most part during the week , but on weekends people would join him -- his wife , his daughter , a cousin , his sister-in-law , other supporters . While he received many offers for accommodation from supporters , sometimes he would have to make last-minute decisions about where to stay , such as after a particularly grueling 28-mile stretch when he did n't stop until he found a hotel . A young woman who had also been at McLean Hospital in Belmont , Massachusetts , at the same time as Nathaniel Asselin , and who also had body-dysmorphic disorder , also reached out . She and Nathaniel Asselin had often walked and talked together . After correspondence throughout the journey , she joined Asselin in walking on Wednesday from McLean on the same 13-mile route that Nathaniel Asselin had taken when he ran away from that hospital in early 2010 , when his father had combed the twisting streets of Boston trying to figure out where his son had called him from . Asselin calculated that he took 1,110,000 steps on this journey . At his pace , he says , it was more than the anticipated 525 miles , more like 552 . He 's not sure what he 's going to do next but feels he is being called to do advocacy work for this particular disease . "  Often I felt Nathaniel was with me during this whole walk , " Asselin said . "  I was walking with Nathaniel . Not walking for Nathaniel . Not walking to Nathaniel . I really chose my preposition very carefully . "	Denis Asselin finished his walk from Philadelphia to Boston on Thursday He raised more than $ 17,000 for the International OCD Foundation More than 150 supporters came to greet him at the end of the journey
CNN  The fiancée of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez has been granted immunity , compelling her to testify at his murder trial , according to a decision released by the trial judge on Tuesday . In early January , the fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , met with Bristol County , Massachusetts , prosecutors in what court documents call an immunity meeting , but the results of that meeting are secret , even from the Hernandez defense team . "  It allows the prosecutor to force her to testify in front of the jury without taking the Fifth "  Amendment against self incrimination  , CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said of the order . "  If she lies , she can still be prosecuted for perjury because a grant of immunity never  immunizes  someone against committing perjury on the witness stand . " Hernandez , the former tight end who once had a $ 40 million contract , has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of Odin Lloyd . He has also pleaded not guilty to weapons charges . His co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , have also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . Jenkins has been a regular at hearings for Hernandez . He has often been seen mouthing "  I love you " to her . Jenkins is on the prosecution 's witness list . It is not known whether her testimony will help or hurt Hernandez . "  Normally , a fiancée is not going to testify adversely against her true love , " said Callan , a former New York homicide prosecutor . But there is no privilege in Massachusetts allowing engaged couples to avoid testifying against one another . Prosecutors suspect Jenkins of following instructions from Hernandez to get rid of the murder weapon from their home by removing the gun inside a box , putting it in a black trash bag , and borrowing her sister 's car to take the bag to a dumpster and throw it away . According to court documents , she does n't remember where . Her sister was the girlfriend of the victim and has already testified against Hernandez . Prosecutors said Jenkins , Hernandez 's high school sweetheart , lied to a grand jury several times about the presence of guns in their North Attleboro home , among other issues . She faces possible jail time if found guilty of perjury charges . She has pleaded not guilty . Jenkins and Hernandez are the parents of a daughter who was less than a year old when her father was arrested on June 26 , 2013 . Jenkins ' sister Shaneah was dating Lloyd , 27 , who was shot six times , according to prosecutors . Who 's who in Aaron Hernandez case Prosecutors allege that on the day after Lloyd 's killing , Jenkins got a coded text message from Hernandez . Search warrants said Hernandez asked Jenkins to get something out of their basement . "  Go ... in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u were looking for it !!! Member  sic  how you ruined the big tv ... WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " TTYL is shorthand for "  talk to you later . " The evidence against Hernandez : What 's in , what 's out A home surveillance video shows Jenkins leaving the house about an hour later carrying something "  rigid " she described as a box , court documents state . She placed it inside a garbage bag , covered it with children 's clothing , and carried the bag to a car and drove away , prosecutors said . Jenkins borrowed her sister 's car , something her sister told investigators she had never done before . When Jenkins returned home , she was seen on the same security system but without the "  rigid " item . Jenkins told a grand jury she threw the item in a dumpster but could n't remember where , according to prosecutors . Prosecutors suspect the murder weapon was inside . It has not been found . Hernandez 's lawyers have argued there 's no way of knowing what was in the box . "  I mean , who knows ? " Hernandez co-counsel Jamie Sultan told the court in 2014 . "  It could be drugs , it could be something that was connected to this crime that he knew about , that he was covering up for somebody else after the fact . There are all kinds of possibilities . " Hernandez 's defense team has filed a motion demanding to know what promises prosecutors may have made to Jenkins . If she made a deal for a lesser charge or immunity , the jury will have to take it into account . "  The jury is going to look at that and say , ` You know something ? He must be guilty if even his fiancée would say that , ' " said Callan . "  Or the defense would convince them that she 's made such a sweet deal with the prosecution that she 's decided to lie to implicate her lover , " he added . Callan suggested that if Jenkins is put on the stand as a prosecution witness and repeats her grand jury testimony that she threw out the item without knowing what was inside and ca n't remember where she disposed of it , she could put herself in greater legal jeopardy . That 's because , Callan said , prosecutors could later contend at a perjury trial that she repeated an alleged lie under oath . "  It 's going to increase her guilt if the prosecutor pursues perjury charges , " Callan said . CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez is on trial in the death of Odin Lloyd His fiancée has pleaded not guilty to perjury charges She is on the prosecution 's witness list
CNN  -- It seems even the White House is n't immune to the nationwide housing slump . In the past year , the estimated value of the 132-room mansion on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue dropped 5.1 percent -- from $ 308 million to $ 292.5 million , according to the real estate Web site Zillow . The drop is in step with national trends . Homes across the country fell about 5 percent in price in 2009 , said Zillow , which tracks real estate values , based on public records . But the news was n't all grim for the White House in 2009 , just as it was n't for the rest of America . A year earlier , the White House lost even more of its estimated value -- almost $ 24 million , a 7.2 percent drop . During the same period , home values in the United States plummeted 11.9 percent on average . Designed by an Irish architect and built in 1792 , the White House -- with additions over the years -- now stands at 55,000 square feet , on 18 acres . It has 16 bedrooms , 35 bathrooms , three kitchens , three elevators , 28 fireplaces and an underground bunker . In a December survey in which Zillow asked more than 2,000 Americans whom they 'd most like to share a fence with , 14 percent named the Obamas . Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin placed second . The worst neighbors , according to the survey : Nadya Suleman , the California woman who gave birth to octuplets in January 2009 , followed closely by reality-television stars Jon and Kate Gosselin .	Value dropped 5.1 percent -- from $ 308 million to $ 292.5 million -- in 2009 Survey asked Americans who 'd they like as neighbors ; 14 percent said the Obamas When asked who the worst neighbor would be , respondents said Nadya Suleman
CNN  -- Rumblings from Mexico 's most well known volcano forced several U.S. airlines to cancel flights in the country 's capital on Thursday . Popocatepetl volcano has let out nearly 100 bursts of steam , gas and ash in the past 24 hours , the National Center of Disaster Prevention said . The ashes have n't reached Mexico City International Airport , airport officials said in Twitter posts . But Delta , American Airlines and Alaska Airlines canceled a dozen flights that had been scheduled to depart from the airport on Thursday . At the nearby Toluca International Airport outside Mexico City , Spirit Airlines canceled flights to and from Ft. Lauderdale and Dallas . No Mexican airlines had canceled flights at the airports , officials said . After detecting elevated activity , authorities flew over the volcano on Thursday . Disaster officials said they had measured 12 hours of tremors of high and medium frequency at the volcano , which is about 50 miles away from Mexico City 's airport . Located in a national park southeast of the capital , Popocatepetl can be seen from there on a clear day . It is one of Mexico 's highest peaks and last had a major eruption in 2000 . But there have been rumblings since then . In April , authorities barred people from getting close to the volcano after a series of explosion and expulsions of ash and gas . CNNMexico and CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Delta , American Airlines , Alaska Airlines and Spirit Airlines cancel flights Airport officials say the flights were canceled due to Popocatepetl 's rumblings The famed volcano is about 50 miles from Mexico City 's airport
CNN  -- An intruder was shot and killed at the home of a deputy district attorney and her sheriff 's - deputy husband in Hot Sulphur Springs , Colorado , just before midnight Monday , according to a statement from the Colorado Bureau of Investigations . Grand County Coroner Brenda Bock identified the man as Joshua Stevens , 31 . It appears he was shot once in the head and several times in the torso . A full autopsy will be done Wednesday , she said . Bock told CNN she thinks Stevens was unarmed . He had moved to Colorado recently from Michigan , his father said . Stevens was living with friends while looking for a job . The deputy district attorney called police after the stranger caused a disturbance outside the front door of the couple 's home , the news release said . The man tired to push his way into the home , and there was an altercation during which shots were fired . "  There are no apparent ties to recent shootings " of other legal-system officials in Colorado and Texas , the statement said . It was unclear whether the deputy district attorney or her husband , a deputy with the Grand County Sheriff 's Department , who shot the intruder .	NEW : Coroner says Joshua Stevens was shot once in head , several times in torso NEW : Stevens was unarmed , official thinks NEW : The 31-year-old unemployed man had just moved to the area
CNN  -- Amid growing concern about brain injuries that cause about 250,000 emergency room visits by young athletes annually , the White House will convene the Healthy Kids and Safe Sports Concussion Summit on Thursday . More than 200 participants , including the National Football League , professional athletes and the Pentagon , will discuss what can be done to help educate parents and athletes on how to better prevent concussions and protect athletes ' brains , according to a White House statement . White House press secretary Jay Carney said the summit came from conversations he and President Barack Obama had regarding the concerns parents had about concussions . "  As parents tend to do , we talk about our kids , and we talk a lot about sports , " Carney said . The White House will announce initiatives on Thursday , including an effort to help start a national concussion database through the University of California , Los Angeles , as well as a $ 30 million partnership between the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Department of Defense to fund the most comprehensive clinical study of concussions among college athletes , the statement said . The NFL will commit $ 25 million to work with the National Athletic Trainers Association to get more athletic trainers in high schools . Currently , about half of all high schools have no athletic trainers on their sidelines . Dr. David Dodick of the Mayo Clinic told CNN the summit will focus unprecedented attention on the issue of concussions and youth athletes . "  It really highlights this as a public health crisis , and elevates this to a national health priority , " he said . High school athletes found more vulnerable to concussions Brett Favre : Memory lapse ` put a little fear in me '	NFL , professional athletes and others to discuss brain injury prevention Healthy Kids and Safe Sports Concussion Summit grew from President 's conversations Young athletes log 250,000 emergency room visits for brain injuries , White House says
Acapulco , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities are holding five suspects in connection with the alleged rapes of six Spanish tourists in Acapulco , Guerrero state Gov. Angel Aguirre Rivero said Sunday . The state attorney general has not yet released any information on the suspects or where they 're being held , prompting demonstrations by family members concerned about their whereabouts . Fifty investigators have been dedicated to the case . The six women were among 14 people victimized by hooded gunmen who burst into a beach bungalow in the resort town before dawn February 4 . There are seven suspects between the ages of 20 and 30 , lead investigator Marcos Juarez said . In addition to the rapes , the men stole cell phones , iPads and tennis shoes from the victims , investigators said . Investigators believe the victims bought drugs from one or more of the suspects a day or two earlier , and that the victims knew the suspects , Juarez said last week . The Spanish nationals range from ages 20 to 34 and are under the protection of Mexican authorities in Mexico City . Rape case in Mexican resort city puts violence back in the spotlight Seven men who were with the group were tied up with cell phone cables and bikini straps while the gunmen assaulted the six women , officials said . A seventh woman , a Mexican , was spared because of her nationality , Guerrero state Attorney General Martha Garzon said in a radio interview Wednesday . "  She has said that she identified herself to the men and asked them not to rape her , " Garzon told Radio Formula . "  And they told her that she had ` passed the test ' by being Mexican , and from that point they do n't touch her . " The gunmen 's motive was robbery and "  to have some fun , " as they saw it , Garzon said . They do not appear to be a part of organized crime , officials said . Military checkpoints have been set up to apprehend the suspects . As they sift through evidence , investigators have cordoned off the area around the bungalow , which is in Playa Encantada . Last year , the city of Acapulco attracted half a million tourists -- most of them Mexicans . Mexico 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the Spanish tourists received consular aid after the incident . The U.S. State Department says "  resort areas and tourist destinations in Mexico generally do not see the levels of drug-related violence and crime reported in the border region and in areas along major trafficking routes . " But the agency adds that resort city bars , including those in Acapulco , can be "  havens for drug dealers and petty criminals . " Salomon Kaufman reported from Acapulco , and Jessica King reported from Atlanta .	50 investigators are working the case An official says investigators are pursuing strong leads Six Spanish women were allegedly raped
Norfolk , Virginia  CNN  -- An Iraqi detainee said he was kicked and punched while his hands were tied behind his back in a recording played Tuesday in the trial of a Navy SEAL accused of assaulting the detainee . Petty Officer 2nd Class Matthew McCabe has pleaded not guilty to punching Ahmed Hashim Abed in the stomach , dereliction of duty and lying to investigators . Wearing Navy dress whites , McCabe spoke his first words -- "  Yes , Ma'am " -- when greeted by the military judge , Navy Capt. Moira Modzelewski . The prosecution and defense teams presented opening statements Tuesday after Modzelewski seated a military jury of four Navy officers and three enlisted personnel . "  It 's a story you do n't want to hear , " said Navy Lt. Commander Nicholas Kadlec , the prosecutor . "  And as the evidence unfolds , it becomes a story you just have to believe . " McCabe stared straight ahead as Kadlec told the jury that McCabe failed to live up to Navy standards when he struck a detainee in the abdomen and walked away while the prisoner lay on the floor bleeding . "  By the way , the entire time , the detainee had his hands tied behind his back , " Kadlec said , urging the jury to muster the "  moral courage " to convict McCabe . "  It 's about doing the right thing , and holding the accused accountable , " he said . McCabe 's civilian defense attorney , Neal Puckett , a retired Marine lieutenant colonel , said in his opening statement that McCabe was doing his job . "  The SEALs did what they were trained to do , " he said to the jury "  They were serving an Iraqi arrest warrant . " Puckett said the evidence will show that the detainee 's mouth injury started as a canker sore and that the bleeding was self-inflicted -- not induced by McCabe . "  Not only -LSB- will -RSB- you not be convinced beyond a reasonable doubt , but you will believe he is innocent , because he is innocent , " said Puckett . McCabe is the last of three SEALs accused of abusing Abed , who was arrested in Iraq and charged with masterminding the 2004 slayings of four U.S. contractors in Falluja . The killings were widely covered by news organizations when the burned bodies of two contractors were paraded through Fallluja 's streets and hanged from a bridge as their captors cheered . In the recording of his three-hour deposition , Abed denied involvement with al-Qaeda or Hamas and said that U.S. and Iraqi forces raided his home and took him to a U.S. base , where he was attacked for five minutes . Abed said he was standing with his hands tied behind his back when he was hit in the stomach . He described falling down from the force of the punch , hitting his face on the floor . He said he felt "  pain in my face " and later tasted blood in his mouth . While on the floor , Abed described being kicked several times with a boot-covered foot in his shoulder and back . He said that although blindfolded , once he fell on the floor he was able see enough from beneath his eye-cover to determine that his attacker was bare-legged and wearing shorts . He did not identify McCabe as his assailant . The two other SEALs in the case were acquitted in April in Iraq on charges of dereliction of duty and impeding an investigation . McCabe is the only one charged with abusing the detainee .	Matthew McCabe has pleaded not guilty to punching Iraqi detainee , dereliction of duty Ahmed Hashim Abed says in recording he was punched , kicked while hands tied McCabe 's lawyer says he was doing his job ; blames Abed 's mouth injury on canker sore Two others have been acquitted of charges related to beating
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar fell agonizingly short of his 100th international century as England confirmed their status as cricket 's number one team with a 4-0 series whitewash over India . The legendary Indian batsman -- dubbed "  The Little Master " -- was dismissed for 91 at The Oval in London as England won the fourth Test by an innings and eight runs . Their fourth successive victory over India means that England usurped their opponents at the top of the world rankings . Having racked up a mammoth 591-6 declared , England dismissed India for 300 in their first innings and 283 in their second after asking the tourists to bat again . Graeme Swann took six wickets on the final day , including the final scalp of Shanthakumaran Sreesanth , to confirm England 's first series whitewash on home soil since 2004 . "  We had to work pretty hard for that , " England captain Andrew Strauss told BBC . "  When you enforce the follow-on , you 're always asking a lot of the bowlers especially on a flat wicket . They stuck at it . "  To bowl India out for 300 and 283 on that wicket is quite a performance . You 're getting really strong performances from all 11 players . "  It 's been up there with the best series we 've played as a group . We 've had a lot of victories over the last couple of years and we expect to win matches now . " India captain MS Dhoni added : "  It 's important we stay together as a unit because the expectation levels are quite high . "  It 's about the team rising to the occasion together . That 's the way ahead . We are not willing to surrender and we hope the coming years will be good . " Resuming on 129-3 -- still 162 runs behind -- Tendulkar and Amit Mishra put up stubborn resistance in the morning session , England trying six different bowlers in an attempt to break the partnership . Tendulkar went to lunch on 78 not out with an expectant capacity crowd willing him on to his landmark 100th international century . After the interval Mishra was the first to go , for 84 , bowled by Swann after he and Tendulkar had put on 144 runs . Just minutes later Indian fans in the crowd were distraught as Tim Bresnan trapped Tendulkar LBW just nine short of his hundred , replays showing the ball was just clipping the leg stump . India 's final six batsmen managed just 19 runs between them as Stuart Broad removed captain MS Dhoni and RP Singh with Swann picking up the wickets of Suresh Raina , Gautam Gambhir and Sreesanth .	England complete series whitewash over India to seal world number one berth Sachin Tendulkar falls nine short of his 100th international century Graeme Swann takes six wickets as England win by an innings and eight runs The 4-0 series win sees England usurp India at the top of the world rankings
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Madeleine Peyroux has carved out a successful career as an interpreter of songs from greats such as Billie Holiday , Patsy Cline and Leonard Cohen . But on her fourth album , the smoky-voiced singer holds the mirror up to herself . Madeleine Peyroux takes a clear-eyed look at her life and relationships on "  Bare Bones . " "  Bare Bones " is Peyroux 's first album for which she wrote or co-wrote all the tracks . And she does n't shy away from touchy subjects . "  River of Tears " was inspired by her difficult relationship with her late alcoholic father . "  I think it 's the kind of feeling that you can get any time of your life when you just have to face some things , " she says about getting personal . "  You have to let it all hang out , let go of the ideas that were more comfortable and embrace some of the sadness in your life . And then perhaps let it float . " Watch Peyroux get personal " Born in Athens , Georgia , Peyroux  pronounced "  Peru "  spent some time in a domestic violence shelter as a child . After her parents ' divorce , she moved to Paris with her mother which is where , as a teenager , she tested her mettle as a performer by busking on the streets . Critics responded favorably to Peyroux 's 1996 debut album , "  Dreamland , " and international recognition followed with 2004 's million-selling "  Careless Love . " While Peyroux prefers to keep a fairly low profile , she took the time to talk to CNN about stripping down to the bare bones on her newest album . CNN : This is the first album where you 've written or co-written all the material . What was that like ? Madeleine Peyroux : I was just excited about it . Every day was another opportunity to keep writing for this record , so I spent a year and a half co-writing with a lot of other people as well so that I could go through different processes and get the songs written . Now I 'm singing these songs and I feel that looking back ... it was time really well spent . CNN : Was there apprehension about revealing too much about yourself ? Peyroux : No . I think of the things that I wrote on this record as stories of being a young woman walking the streets of Paris late at night in "  Our Lady of Pigalle , " or trying to touch on the Southern culture of drinking and surviving on the basic sayings that we have in order to understand what life is all about . ... But the question was ... would anybody want me to actually tell the full story from beginning to end and make sense of it ? Because in the end , I 'd like these songs to make sense to everyone and not just be my story . CNN : Tell us about the song "  River of Tears . " Peyroux : My producer , Larry Klein , had the idea . He wrote the lyrics at the beginning of the song because he had been working with me during the time my father passed away and he knew the story . ... He wrote , "  Stop all this talk , turn off the telephone . Open up another bottle . I 'm gon na float down this river of tears . " We kept writing it together . CNN : What was your relationship like with your dad ? Peyroux : Complex . ... He was a complex character . He 's definitely a big part of the material on this record . CNN : The album ends on a very uplifting note with the song "  Something Grand " and the line "  all 's forgiven . " Is it true that song was inspired by President Obama ? Peyroux : It was . ... I live in Brooklyn , New York , and I was up at 4 a.m. , the quietest hour , where the highway just slows down for about five minutes so you do n't hear any trucks banging over the potholes . I had the windows open . The debates -LSB- had been -RSB- on television . It was an exciting feeling , and we knew that there was a change coming . And I needed to know that in my bones , and I wanted to feel it . Luck would have it that Obama was elected the day that I recorded the vocals on that song . CNN : What is it about early female blues singers that captivate you ? Peyroux : I think I was probably an early teenager when I discovered Bessie Smith , Ma Rainey and a bunch of people that are on a long list of artists . They were important to me , especially as an early adolescent . ... To have a female role model that first of all touches me personally and deeply . ... They were very strong women . Bessie Smith , for example , created her own life . She ran the show , she owned a railway train . CNN : You 've had a tough life so far , have n't you ? Peyroux : Tumultuous . I think eventful ... with traveling and going through a lot of changes in my household , my family , moving around quite a bit . But -LSB- I 've had -RSB- a lot of luck , you know . So not as tough as just a little crazy . ... Music was a big part of -LSB- my luck -RSB- . And it has the power to change a lot of people from being jaded and take them back into something soothing and healing .	Madeleine Peyroux 's new album , "  Bare Bones , " is unflinching Peyroux had alcoholic father , spent time in domestic violence shelter Singer with smoky voice wants songs to be universal
By calling National Guard troops into Ferguson , Missouri , authorities are taking the situation "  to the opposite extreme of community policing , " a former FBI assistant director says . Tom Fuentes , a CNN law enforcement analyst , notes that just a few days ago , authorities were out on the streets shaking hands with marchers . Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol "  was like Gandhi , promising to ensure their safety , " Fuentes said . But growing violence -- amid protests over the shooting death of unarmed teen Michael Brown by a police officer -- changed the situation . "  Given these deliberate , coordinated and intensifying violent attacks on lives and property in Ferguson , I am directing the highly capable men and women of the Missouri National Guard ... in restoring peace and order to this community , " Gov. Jay Nixon said in a statement Monday . Police in the Ferguson area , just like many all over the country , have military equipment , which they used last week . So why bring in the Guard at all ? "  You do n't want extremely tired , fatigued , overtaxed police officers out there day after day , night after night , " Fuentes said . And state patrol officers who came in from out of town and are staying in hotels , working around the clock , are surely getting fatigued as well , he said . "  You do n't need more military equipment ; it 's more of a manpower issue . " But there are other reasons it may make sense to replace police on the scene , analysts say . Members of the National Guard may better follow a "  unified chain of command , " said Jason Fritz , an Army veteran and senior editor of War on the Rocks , which analyzes national security issues . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson In this case , that could be a big improvement . "  I 've never seen such a disjointed police effort as this , " Fuentes said . Nixon said the Guard will assist Col. Ron Replogle , head of the State Highway Patrol , "  in restoring peace and order to this community . " In a later statement , Nixon said the Guard 's "  immediate and limited responsibilities " are to "  provide protection , and ensure the safety of our Unified Command Center , which was the target last night of a coordinated attack . The Guard will concentrate its resources on carrying out this limited mission . " "  With these additional resources in place , the Missouri State Highway Patrol and local law enforcement will continue to respond appropriately to incidents of lawlessness and violence , and protect the civil rights of all peaceful citizens to make their voices heard . " If military police are among the Guard troops , they 'll have special training in crowd control that may help , Fritz says . Fuentes rejects that idea , saying National Guard troops ' training does not prepare them for situations like this . "  It 's not their mission to do local law enforcement , " he said . But Fuentes and Fritz agree on another big reason it might make sense to bring in the National Guard : Residents are fed up with police . Marchers have accused police of responding with disproportionate violence against a mostly peaceful crowd . And residents have described protesters helping protect stores from being looted while police did nothing . Police also infuriated protesters by releasing a video that they said shows Michael Brown involved in a convenience store robbery -- even though police themselves have said it does not relate to the police officer having stopped Brown as he was walking down the street . By bringing in National Guard troops , Nixon is moving both Ferguson and St. Louis County police out of the way . "  That might be enough , " Fritz said . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon describes the National Guard 's "  limited mission " Bringing in the National Guard is "  the opposite extreme , " former FBI official Tom Fuentes says "  I 've never seen such a disjointed police effort as this , " he says Simply not being police "  might be enough , " says an Army veteran
Gulfport , Mississippi  CNN  -- A man walks into a pawnshop in Gulfport , Mississippi . Others may bring guitars or a piece of jewelry , but this man has something special . It 's a 16th century blunderbuss from Japan . Kevin Riley , the owner of Dad 's Super Pawn , gingerly turned the 500-year-old weapon over in his hands , examining the antique with an expert eye . "  Wow that 's pretty cool , " he said . Pawnshops are wonderlands of the obscure . In Dad 's there 's a jersey signed by cast members of TV 's "  Sopranos " that was picked up from a rabid fan , a guitar made from a toilet seat that was sold to the store by a band member down on his luck and a script from TV 's original "  Dukes of Hazzard . " "  We paid pretty good money for it because it was unique , " Riley said of the script . "  I honestly do n't think it 's a seller , it 's just a conversation piece . " There 's always a lot to talk about in a pawnshop . Every item has a story . You can tell a lot about the health of a community based on the items people are selling . There is a glut of power tools on the shelves , speaking to a lack of new construction in Gulfport . Hurricane Katrina , the Great Recession and now the Gulf oil disaster have battered the town 's economy . More first-time pawners are coming to the shop and they 're bringing with them the mementos of better days , said Riley . "  We 've been seeing a lot more high-end jewelry , one - , two - , three-carat diamonds , " he said . "  Stuff that people bought when the economy was booming and are now having to sell . " Mississippi 's middle-class have become new customers . Pawnbrokers are often portrayed in the media as fencers of stolen property , predatory lenders or simply people who prey on folks who are down on their luck . The current economy is changing these stereotypes , according to Riley . "  The average person pawning stuff right now ... is the blue-collar guy out there working and trying to make ends meet , " he said . "  Right now the job market is terrible and there are a lot of people not working , so in order to feed the family they 've got to get some money . " The owner of the Japanese rifle said he 'd been offered $ 4,000 for the gun . Riley politely told him that he needed to do some research before he would commit to buying it . "  Similar guns are selling for between $ 400 and $ 2,000 , but I need to make sure that it 's not a replica , " said Riley . Riley said he 's been successful in the pawnbroker business by being not only shrewd , but also fair with his clients , some of whom have been coming to him for years . A regular customer can expect to make slightly more on a sale or pawn then someone just walking in off the street , he said . "  We 're not in the power tool business or the musical instrument business , we 're in the people business ... 99 percent of our customers are good people , they 're just not money managers , " said Riley . "  That 's their biggest problem . They do n't know how to sit down with a budget because it was never taught to them . "	Gulf pawnshop reports more middle-class clients in wake of oil spill Shop 's unique items include toilet-seat guitar , "  Dukes of Hazzard " script , "  Sopranos " shirt "  We 're seeing a lot more high-end jewelry , " says owner Recession is changing stereotypes often linked to pawnshops , he says
CNN  -- The sports insurance company that paid Lance Armstrong more than $ 10 million in bonuses plans to file a lawsuit to recover its money , an attorney for SCA Promotions told CNN on Wednesday . Jeffrey Tillotson said SCA has already asked the disgraced former cycling champ for the money back . An attorney for Armstrong said the claim has no merit . "  We made our demand for the return of the money we paid him for winning the Tour de France races where the titles were stripped , " Tillotson told CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield . "  Mr. Armstrong and his legal team have not complied with that demand . " Tillotson said the suit , which has not been filed yet , will ask for the return of $ 12 million in bonus money paid for wins from 2002 to 2005 and for millions in legal costs and interest . Armstrong sued SCA after it delayed his 2005 bonus payment and raised questions about allegations involving his use of performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong testified under oath in that case that he had never doped . SCA settled with Armstrong a year later . "  But both he and his lawyers almost taunted us and said if we are ever stripped of those titles , we will give you the money back , " Tillotson said Wednesday . "  We will simply ask him to finally live up to his word and give that money back . " Armstrong 's attorney , Mark Fabiani , argues the insurance company has no right to the money because of the 2006 settlement agreement , which reads in part , "  no party may challenge , appeal or attempt to set aside the arbitration award . " Fabiani says , "  It is clear as day the insurance company has zero right to reopen the matter . " Tillotson said that Armstrong lied throughout his testimony , not just about whether he had blood doped or taken steroids . "  He lied about virtually everything . And we are going to ask the arbitration panel that heard that testimony to punish him and hold him accountable for it , " the attorney said . A year ago , federal prosecutors told Armstrong that the two-year investigation into his use of performance enhancing drugs was over . No charges would be filed . "  We made a decision on that case a little over a year ago . Obviously , we 've been well aware of the statements that have been made by Mr. Armstrong in other media reports . That has not changed my view at this time , " United States Attorney Andre Birotte said this week . Now it appears that federal investigators may not be ready to give up just yet . Citing high-level sources , ABC News reported that agents are looking into charges of obstruction , intimidation and witness tampering . A spokesperson for the Food and Drug Administration , which has been investigating Armstrong , told CNN it 's "  an ongoing matter . " Armstrong first admitted the use of performance enhancing drugs and blood doping during a January television interview with Oprah Winfrey , ending years of denial that he cheated during the prime years of his cycling career . He was stripped of his Tour de France titles by international cycling 's governing body in October after a damning report by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency accused him and his team of "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " in cycling history . The agency said Wednesday that it has been in talks with Armstrong about having him help clean up the sport . Chief executive officer Travis Tygart said Armstrong was granted a two-week extension to Wednesday 's deadline to tell the USADA whether he will help or not . USADA has banned Armstrong , 41 , for life but did say the ban could be reduced to eight years if he cooperated under oath with investigators . Armstrong 's cycling career is long over , but he competed in and won several triathlons in 2012 . Armstrong told Cycling News in late January that he thought a truth and reconciliation commission , run by the World Anti-Doping Agency , was the "  only way forward . " At the time he said WADA should run the probe , not the USADA , "  This is a global sport , not an American one . One thing I 'd add , the  International Cycling Union  has no place at the table . " Since Lance Armstrong 's interview with Winfrey , the disgraced cyclist has disappeared from public view . Once prolific on Twitter , he has n't tweeted in nearly a month , and his profile page now ends with these words of wisdom : "  Met patience in 1996 but only now am I getting to know and appreciate her . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported from Dallas . Steve Almasy reported and wrote this story in Atlanta . CNN 's Jason Morris and Joe Sutton also contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. Anti-Doping Agency gives Armstrong more time to consider request to testify Lawyer for Armstrong says a lawsuit would have no merit FDA spokesperson tells CNN an investigation into disgraced cyclist is ongoing SCA paid Lance Armstrong $ 12 million in prizes for winning several Tours de France
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- China has canceled or postponed several military exchanges with the U.S. in reaction to last week 's announcement that the U.S. is selling weapons to Taiwan , a Defense Department spokesman said Monday . Apache attack helicopters are part of the $ 6.4 billion weapons deal between the U.S. and Taiwan . Officials announced last week an intention to sell $ 6.4 billion in arms to Taiwan , though the deal still needs to be approved by Congress . Maj. Stewart Upton said the sale does not violate the Taiwan Relations Act , which allows the United States to provide Taiwan with items for self-defense Taiwan split from the Chinese mainland in 1949 and the United States has vowed to support them if China initiates an unprovoked attack . The arms deal comes at a time when the United States needs China in negotiations over Iran 's and North Korea 's nuclear programs . "  The Chinese reaction is unfortunate and results in missed opportunities , " Upton said . "  We feel that the global security environment calls for U.S. and -LSB- Chinese -RSB- officials to maintain close relations to address common security challenges . " The "  bilateral events " China called off or postponed involve "  senior level visits and humanitarian assistance/disaster relief exchanges " scheduled to happen by the end of November , he said . The Chinese ambassador was said to be on his way to the State Department Monday afternoon to protest the proposed weapons sale to Taiwan . One U.S. official said the tension with China will not affect the role China is playing in negotiations with Iran or North Korea over its nuclear program . The official declined to speak for attribution because of the sensitive diplomacy involved . The arms deal package includes a variety of U.S.-made weapons systems , including Patriot III anti-missile system , Apache attack helicopters , Harpoon missiles and Javelin anti-tank missiles .	China protesting U.S. deal to sell $ 6.4 billion in arms to Taiwan Deal comes when the U.S. needs China in negotiations over Iran and N. Korea Chinese ambassador expected to protest sale to the State Department U.S. defended deal , saying it does not violate international agreement
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- There 's the Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls : blending her voice with singing partner Emily Saliers on songs such as "  Closer to Fine " and "  Galileo " and writing songs that tap into the duo 's shared folk-oriented touchstones . Amy Ray says playing with some musician friends brought out songs that "  felt very different from the Indigo Girls . " Then there 's Amy Ray the solo artist , letting out her inner Joe Strummer and Paul Westerberg . The two are n't mutually exclusive , of course . "  Emily and I are frustrated sometimes with any kind of box , " Ray says during an interview at her manager 's office near downtown Atlanta , "  because we want to experiment musically , and we do a lot of electric stuff . ... But the reality is that we are a folk band . " However , Ray adds , her influences include artists who have come out of a punk mindset such as the Clash , the Replacements , the Pretenders and Patti Smith . "  At some point I was hanging around with the Butchies -- a band I ended up playing with a lot -- and it just brought out this thing in me ... and it felt very different from the Indigo Girls , " she says . Which explains the appearance of "  Did n't It Feel Kinder "  Daemon  , Ray 's third solo album . Watch Ray perform the song "  She 's Got to Be " " Disclosure : Ray and I were contemporaries at Atlanta 's Emory University , but we did n't know one another . The songs on "  Kinder " include "  Bus Bus , " a scorching rocker about the longings felt while on tour ; "  Who Sold the Gun , " which alludes to a mass shooting , counterpointed by rousing major chords ; and "  SLC Radio , " which praises the support of a Salt Lake City radio station in the midst of "  LDS nation . " Ray gives a great deal of credit to producer Greg Griffith for the album 's raw sound and melodic ideas , and she adds that the musicians on the solo album helped guide the way the songs were presented . "  Something like ` Bus Bus , ' I wanted this lead thing going on with a kind of raucous band , and the harmonies are very important but they are more of a bed that you 're singing over rather than the duo , " she says . "  I think the musicians I play with solo do a certain thing that the musicians we play with with the Indigo Girls do n't do . It 's just a different thing . ... And it sort of steers my writing in some ways . " A number of the solo songs do share the same activist outlook as Ray 's songs with the Indigo Girls . "  SLC Radio , " for example , is about KRCL-FM , which Ray describes as "  a really progressive community station . " In the song , Ray , an out lesbian , sings "  Radio radio SLC fighting the good fight for me / Boys and girls lend a hand , bend an ear in God 's land . " "  I was thinking about community radio in general , and I was thinking about Mormonism and the fabric of the country and how much you see when you 're traveling ... and the idea that change comes , but it comes slow , and it comes one person at a time , " she explains . But , she notes , "  The song is not totally taking Mormonism to task . I even say , ` I 'm sending love to all the Mormons , ' ` Keep the good things throw out the bad . ' " Respect flows both ways , she says . Ray 's activism extends to the artist-centered Daemon Records , the label she founded in 1990 . Though Daemon is the furthest thing from corporate -- Ray and the label 's staff still stuff envelopes themselves -- she acknowledges that changes in the record business have forced her to adjust as much as any major label . Watch Ray on keeping the business going " "  For indie labels it was a big adjustment because we ended up with a lot of CDs on hand when downloading -LSB- happened -RSB- . We knew it was coming , it came , but it happened a little bit faster -LSB- than we thought -RSB- , " she says . "  There were business decisions that were hard . ... But I love the freedom that downloading has brought , and I love the way it saves resources . " Besides , she adds , "  The Internet has revolutionized the DIY movement , and it 's great to me . I do n't even know if record labels need to exist . I do n't even know if I need to exist , " she laughs . But some things about being a musician do n't change , such as promotion and performance , which means it 's time to hit the road again . Ray will perform with the Indigo Girls in September and then do some solo dates for the rest of the year . A new Indigo Girls album is due out in early 2009 . Is n't it exhausting , after more than 20 years in the business , to have to get on the bus again ? Ray agrees that touring can be draining . "  It 's like you 're doing all this stuff , the traveling and the unpacking and the packing , just to play the show . And in that one ... moment during the show , that 's the fun . That 's where all the fun is , " she says . "  It 's the blessing and the curse of it . "  But it 's not like digging a ditch , " she adds . "  You get to see different places , get to go running in a different town every day . It 's very stimulating , and that can be a very good thing . "	Indigo Girl Amy Ray has solo album out , "  Did n't It Feel Kinder " Sound on album harder-edged than Indigos ; Ray says songs more apropos Ray on touring : Can be draining , but "  not like digging a ditch "
CNN  A photography teacher at a Southern California high school appears to have committed suicide by hanging herself in a classroom . Jillian Jacobson , 31 , was found Monday at El Dorado High School , said Lt. Eric Point , with Placentia Police . There was no indication of foul play , and every indication that she took her own life , he said . According to Steve Concialdi with the Orange County Fire Authority , students had been waiting outside the classroom to get in . Another teacher opened the door . When they went inside the classroom , they found Jacobson hanged . They quickly brought her to the ground and called 911 , said Concialdi , but she was declared dead at the scene . If you 're in crisis or contemplating suicide , please contact The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 . Students posted tributes to the teacher on social media , saying she would be greatly missed . One called her caring ; another said she was a beautiful soul . Crisis counselors are expected to be on campus all week to support staff and students . CNN 's Stella Chan and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	A photography teacher is found dead at El Dorado High School in Placentia Another teacher and students found her in a classroom
CNN  -- A bus crashed into the side of a mountain Tuesday in western Bolivia , killing at least 13 people and injuring another 26 , the government news agency reported . The driver lost control of the bus , which gained speed and smashed into rocks on the side of the road , said police official Victor Hugo Ona . The bus left the city of La Paz with 28 passengers but was later found to have 41 passengers and excess baggage , Ona told the state-run Agencia Boliviana de Informacion . Among the dead were seven men , four women and two minors , said Jose Villarroel , another police official . At least 19 of the injured were hospitalized . Bus driver Pedro Limachi , 45 , was listed among the injured being treated at the Hospital Arco Iris in La Paz . The bus was operated by the Flota Yunguena transit company . Bolivia 's mountainous roads often prove fatal . A bus crash in central Bolivia in June left 28 dead and 44 injured after an apparent brake failure , police said at the time . That bus , which plunged into a ravine , was owned by the El Dorado company . A January bus accident killed 22 people . And 19 people died and 26 were injured in August 2009 when a bus plunged off a mountain road .	Police : Driver lost control of the bus , which crashed into roadside boulders At least 26 people were injured Bus driver and 18 others were being treated at a hospital , the government says Fatal bus wrecks are not rare in mountainous Bolivia
CNN  -- Two Russian athletes issued angry denials Tuesday that their exchange of a kiss on the victory podium at the world championships was a protest against their country 's strict new anti gay propaganda law . Kseniya Ryzhova and Yulia Gushchina were part of the Russian quartet who won the women 's 4x400m relay Saturday in the Luzhniki Stadium , beating the favored United States team . All four embraced as they received their gold medals , but Ryzhova and Gushchina were pictured kissing each other on the lips , prompting reports that it was a symbol of defiance in face of the controversial new laws . Ryzhova told a media conference in Moscow that she and the three other members of the team had merely been overcome with emotion after finally topping the podium after a series of near misses . "  For eight years we have not won a gold medal . You ca n't even imagine what it was like , when we understood that we 'd won , " she said , addressing reporters in Russian . "  It was a wave of unbelievable feelings and if somehow , completely by chance , while we were congratulating each other , our lips touched , I do n't know in whose fantasy this all gets thought up . " She added : "  Myself and Yulia are both married and we are not having any kind of relationship . " Earlier in the championships , Russia 's pole vault gold medal winner Yelena Isinbayeva defended the new legislation , speaking in English at a press conference . "  If we allow to promote and do all this stuff on the street , we are very afraid about our nation because we consider ourselves like normal , standard people , " Isinbayeva said . "  We just live boys with woman , women with boys . " She also criticized two Swedish competitors who had painted their fingernails with rainbows in support of gay rights , claiming them to be "  disrespectful . " Isinbayeva , an ambassador for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , later back tracked and said her comments had been "  misunderstood " as English was not her first language . They prompted a storm of international criticism , but Gushchina claimed Tuesday that she had not been aware of the controversy . "  I simply did not hear or read about it because I was totally focused on my performance at the championships , " she told gathered reporters . Both Russian athletes complained that the media spotlight on their kiss had taken the shine off their victory celebrations . "  These victories are hard to come by and we were happy . I do n't understand how everything could be tarnished in such a way , " Gushchina said . The legislation banning the promotion of "  gay propaganda " among minors came on to the Russian statute book in June as Vladimir Putin embarks on his third term as president . It has prompted calls for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Games and the 2018 FIFA World Cup , which is also to be staged in Russia .	Russian athletes deny their ` kiss ' was a symbol of gay defiance Kseniya Ryzhova and Yulia Gushchina caught on camera on victory podium Two athletes part of Russia 's women 's 4x400m relay gold medal team Russia has invoked strict new law concerning gay propaganda for minors
A plane full of illegal migrants were flown from Israel back to Africa on Sunday night , the first of what potentially could be thousands of such deportations of people who have illicitly entered the Middle Eastern country in recent years . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at a Cabinet meeting Sunday "  the first plane of illegal infiltrators  would  leave for South Sudan " that night , with another aircraft set to depart next week for Africa . "  Today , the government will begin the operation to repatriate illegal work infiltrators to their countries of origin , " Netanyahu said , according to a cabinet communique released by Israel 's foreign ministry . "  We will do this is an orderly and dignified manner . The issue of illegal African migrants has been of growing concern in the country in recent months . According to government records , more than 59,000 illegal African immigrants have entered the country in recent years through its southern border with Egypt . Most of the migrants come from Eritrea , Sudan and South Sudan . Some of them have refugee status and hold temporary permits to remain in the country , but Israel does not recognize the status of most of them and says it is looking for ways to send them back to their home countries . More than 2,000 new migrants have been reported over the past month . Some residents of southern Tel Aviv neighborhoods , where there is a large concentration of Africans , have blamed their new neighbors for increasing crime and suffocating the infrastructure and public services . Some also complain the illegal immigration is changing the fabric of Israel . Earlier this month , an Israeli court approved a government plan to deport 1,500 migrants from Africa . Many Israeli refugee agencies and officials pushed against those plans and called on the government to allow the migrants to stay . And Israeli authorities announced last Tuesday that they 'd detained 240 illegal migrants -- all of them Sudanese -- as part of the controversial plan , with another 300 people volunteering to return to their country of origin . "  We are sending the infiltrators , migrants , back to their homes like all countries in the West , in Europe , in the USA act when dealing with migrants , " Interior Minister Eli Yishai said then . In his remarks Sunday to Cabinet , Netanyahu said that construction of a fence along Israel 's southern border will be finished "  in the coming months . " Until then , any migrant who is caught crossing the border illegally will be detained "  immediately , " with Netanyahu noting that "  holding facilities " are being built to "  to house tens of thousands of infiltrators until they can be sent out of the country . " The prime minister vowed to block such illegal migrants ' entry into Israel and , if they do get in , to "  hasten their deportation . " He also pointed to a law , recently passed by the Knesset , the boosts fines on those who employ illegal migrants . Still , while making clear they were n't welcome in Israel , Netanyahu stressed that they would be treated well . "  We have a Jewish tradition of treating strangers humanely , " he said , "  And even when we need to deport them from our midst due to the state 's desire to control its borders , we must do so humanely and in a manner that finds expression in a restrained and humane manner . "	Israel 's prime minister says a plane of illegal migrants will depart for South Sudan It is part of a controversial plan to deport a wave of migrants who are in Israel Netanyahu calls them "  illegal infiltrators " who should be repatriated
CNN  -- O.J. Murdock , who signed with the NFL 's Tennessee Titans last year , killed himself Monday morning in front of the Tampa , Florida , high school where he was a track and football star , police said . Murdock , 25 , never played a game in the NFL because he had been sidelined with an injury since signing as an undrafted player a year ago . "  In his brief time here , a number of our players , coaches and staff had grown close to O.J. , and this is a difficult time for them , " the Titans said in a statement . "  He spent the last year battling back from an Achilles injury as he prepared for this year 's training camp . " NFL launches help line for current , former players Titans head coach Mike Munchak , in his daily briefing with reporters Saturday , was asked why Murdock , a wide receiver , had not reported to training camp . "  He had some personal things come up , " Munchak said . "  He called us , and we 're hoping to see him tonight . " Murdock was placed on the "  did not report " list over the weekend , but he was still on the roster , team spokesman Robbie Bohren said Monday . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends as they try to cope with this tragedy , " the team statement said . A Tampa police officer found Murdock "  in his car in front of Middleton High School with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound " at 8:30 a.m. Monday , a police statement said . He died two hours later at Tampa General Hospital , police said . Murdock was ranked among the top football players in Florida and the nation in 2005 when he was a senior at Middleton High School , according to his biography on the Titans website . He was also a star sprinter on his school 's track team . His college career started at the University of South Carolina , but he transferred to Pearl River Community College after playing in just four games as a freshman . He later moved to Fort Hays State , where he played for two years . SI.com : Murdock 's suicide hits home for former S. Carolina teammate NFL 's Junior Seau 's death classified as a suicide CNN 's Jillian Martin contributed to this report .	O.J. Murdock failed to report to Tennessee Titans training camp last week "  He had some personal things come up , " Titans head coach said Saturday Because of an injury , Murdock never played in the NFL
CNN  -- Legendary wrestling figure Captain Lou Albano , perhaps best known for his association with pop singer Cyndi Lauper , died Wednesday , according to World Wrestling Entertainment . Captain Lou Albano reached a new level of fame in the '80s with his association with Cyndi Lauper . Albano , 76 , was "  one of the company 's most popular and charismatic legends , " the company said in a statement . The cause of death was not immediately disclosed . "  Albano began his storied career with Vincent J. McMahon in the 1960s as one half of ` The Sicilians ' tag team with his partner Tony Altimore , " the WWE said . "  He will be greatly missed by the WWE and his fans . " Albano , who was with the WWE from 1983 to 1996 , was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 1996 . He started as a tag team wrestler in the 1950s but became a successful manager of champion wrestlers in the 1970s , according to a biography on the WWE Web site . Albano was recognizable by his penchant for unbuttoned Hawaiian shirts and a trademark beard , which was usually bound by a rubber band . His persona earned him the distinction of "  one of the most hated men " in wrestling for 15 years , the WWE biography said . Albano 's image evolved in the 1980s , when he teamed with Lauper on several music videos , such as "  Girls Just Want to Have Fun , " and wrestling appearances . As his celebrity status grew , Albano landed acting jobs , including a role on several episodes of the "  Miami Vice " TV series , the biography said . Albano became a cartoon in 1989 , when he was the voice of Mario "  Jumpman " Mario for 17 episodes of "  The Super Mario Bros. . Super Show ! " according to the Internet Movie Database . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Captain Lou Albano , known for association with Cyndi Lauper , dead at 76 Albano appeared in video for "  Girls Just Want to Have Fun " Albano was successful wrestler in '50s and '60s , later became manager He was also voice of one of the Marios in "  Super Mario Bros. . Super Show "
CNN  -- As Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's impeachment trial proceedings got under way Monday , the embattled Illinois governor hit the media circuit , answering questions about Oprah , foul language and why he is n't resigning . Gov. Blagojevich appeared on CNN 's Larry King Live Monday night . Blagojevich appeared Monday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " and "  The View , " and gave his first live prime-time interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I 'm not guilty of any criminal wrongdoing , " Blagojevich , who is accused of trying to sell President Obama 's former Senate seat , told King . "  I 'm entitled to a presumption of innocence . " Blagojevich also further explained comments that he channeled major political figures who overcame adversity as he was being arrested . "  I 've been criticized for this , but I 'm not comparing myself to Dr. King or Nelson Mandela or Mahatma Gandhi , but I tried to reach in to history and imagine some inspiring figures that would have gone through something like I was going through for sustenance and inspiration . " Blagojevich also said that he looks forward to the day when he can tell his story in full , rather than people judging him by snippets of conversation released to the media . Watch Blagojevich tell Larry King he 's done nothing wrong " The governor said he is the victim of political enemies who want to raise taxes in Illinois . "  Snippets of conversations out of full context is unfair , " Blagojevich told CNN . "  If the full context , all of the tapes are heard , you hear the story of someone trying to make decisions and maneuver for the best intentions of the people of Illinois . " However , Blagojevich said he has not listened to the tapes in their entirety . He addressed the news that his lead attorney , Ed Jenson , is leaving his defense team . "  Look , I think lawyers like that want you to simply say nothing , and I 'm champing at the bit , dying to show my innocence . " Blagojevich said his legal fees will be paid through campaign funds . Blagojevich did say he looked forward to calling witnesses -- including White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ; Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois ; and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid -- who had conversations with him about who should replace Barack Obama as the junior senator from Illinois . Blagojevich maintained the goal of the conversations was to get the best senator for the people of Illinois . "  There was a lot of exchanging of ideas , asking questions , exploring options -- including Oprah Winfrey -- but never , not ever did I have any intention of violating any criminal law , " Blagojevich said . "  Never was this about selling any Senate seat for any kind of personal gain . " On both of his ABC appearances and on CNN , Blagojevich explained why talk-show host Oprah Winfrey was a contender to fill Barack Obama 's former Senate seat . "  I was trying to think outside of the box . The idea came to me from a friend who suggested Oprah -- it was n't my idea , " Blagojevich told CNN . "  I threw it around in conversation with senior staff and political advisers , who were all involved in this whole adventure we 're on . "  And among the things we talked about was the , you know , the unlikelihood she would be interested in it , because she has a bully pulpit that 's worldwide and more influence that U.S. senators combined -- all 100 of them . " Winfrey said that she had no idea she was under consideration . She said she found out from best friend Gayle King , who called to tell her on Monday morning . Watch Oprah 's reaction " Winfrey said she was "  amused by the whole thing " but would have turned down the proposal had it been made . Blagojevich also said he was worried about how to present the offer to Winfrey without it looking like a gimmick . The governor said the talks never got to that point "  partly because I was interrupted on December 9 . " Blagojevich and his chief of staff were arrested then on federal corruption charges , including allegations that the governor tried to trade or sell the Senate seat that became vacant after Obama was elected president . Blagojevich ended up picking former Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to replace Obama . iReport.com : Share your questions for Blagojevich The governor 's impeachment trial began Monday in the Illinois Senate . The Illinois House of Representatives impeached him earlier this month . Blagojevich has denied any wrongdoing . A 76-page criminal complaint against Blagojevich includes snippets of intercepted phone calls involving the governor 's alleged efforts to benefit from the Senate vacancy . Those conversations are laced with expletives . Asked on "  Larry King Live " about his foul mouth , Blagojevich said , "  Had I known someone was listening , I would n't have used language like that . For those who might have been offended , I apologize . Again , I did n't know you were listening . " He also defended his wife , Patti , saying he takes responsibility for any recordings of her using foul language because he may have rubbed off on her . "  I was raised in a big city in a tough neighborhood , and when you 're a kid growing up in a neighborhood like that , you would never say words like that in front of your mother . But when you 're out there at the schoolyard ... it 's just sort of the thing you do , " he said . "  Unfortunately , you try to get rid of some of those habits ; you may have left the neighborhood , but part of that neighborhood never left you . " In each of his media appearances Monday , Blagojevich maintained his innocence . He said the impeachment proceedings are unfair because he is unable to call witnesses . The governor said he is the victim of political enemies who want to raise taxes in Illinois . Asked by "  The View 's " Barbara Walters why he does n't step down for the sake of his state and his dignity , Blagojevich said resigning would be "  the worst thing I could do . " "  I 'm an innocent man who has not done anything wrong . And when you 're wrongfully accused and you 're not given the chance to properly defend yourself ... for me to resign would be to admit that I did something wrong , which I did not do . " Blagojevich said resigning also would be a way for him to "  disgrace " his children . iReport : Your questions for the governor "  So I 'm going to fight to the finish because there 's a bigger principle here and it 's this : Can a legislature take out a governor elected by the people two times without giving that governor a chance to confront witnesses , bring witnesses in and prove his innocence ? That 's what they are doing in Illinois , and that 's why I 'm here in New York -- because this is much bigger than me or Illinois . "	NEW : Governor says taking "  snippets of conversations out of full context is unfair " Blagojevich says he channeled MLK , Gandhi , Mandela during arrest Governor says he considered Oprah Winfrey to fill Barack Obama 's Senate seat Blagojevich says resigning would be "  worst thing I could do "
CNN Student News  -- August 12 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Media Literacy Question of the Day : What is the most effective format for delivering advice : through an article , through recorded video , or in person ? What are the pros and cons of each ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these key terms you heard in today 's show : 1 . embassy 2 . ideology 3 . decibel Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . The American embassy in which country did not reopen yesterday due to security concerns ? 2 . Mohamed Morsy is the former president of what African nation ? 3 . Which planet is also known as the "  red planet " ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What factors do you think were considered when deciding to close certain U.S. embassies ? What might have led to decisions to reopen most of them ? 2 . What characteristics or abilities do you think might be important in a space colonist ? Would you want to take a one-way trip to Mars ? Why or why not ? 3 . What are your thoughts on the advice for freshmen given in today 's program ? What advice would you have for students who are entering the grade you just completed ? Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Yemen Egypt Wisconsin FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A grandson of former President Reagan was arrested early Thursday at his home in Los Angeles , police said . Cameron Reagan , 31 , was taken into custody by police responding to a house alarm at 12:20 a.m.  3:20 a.m. ET  , said Officer Gregory Baek of the Los Angeles Police Department . There was a minor amount of force used , Baek said . Reagan was detained for resisting arrest and is being held on $ 10,000 bail . A spokeswoman for Reagan 's father , Michael , said Cameron Reagan accidentally tripped his security alarm when he came home with four friends . The silent alarm alerted the police without his realizing it , spokeswoman Kirsten Fedewa said . Cameron Reagan heard a commotion in the front yard of his house -- which was not lit -- and saw people in dark clothing , Fedewa said . When he asked who they were , they responded "  Who are you ? " according to Fedewa . When he identified himself and reached for his identification , "  they thought he was going for a gun . They tackled and arrested him , " Fedewa said . "  Where is the American Civil Liberties Union when Cameron Reagan is tackled in his own driveway ? " she said Michael Reagan asked . Michael Reagan , a conservative commentator , compared the incident to the arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates , Jr. , at his home in July last year . The incident sparked a national debate about race . President Obama invited Gates , who is black , and the officer who arrested him , who is white , to a "  Beer Summit " at the White House . "  I 'm waiting for a call from the president . This sounds a lot like what happened to Obama 's buddy . " "  Cameron drinks Red Stripe , " Michael Reagan said . Resisting arrest is a misdemeanor . Fedewa said she did not know if Cameron Reagan had been drinking at the time of the arrest . Ronald Reagan was president from 1981 to 1989 . A former actor and governor of California , he died in 2004 at age 93 . Michael Reagan is his oldest son . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Irving Last contributed to this report .	NEW : Cameron Reagan tripped home security alarm , alerting police , spokeswoman says NEW : Police tackled him after he reached in pocket for identifiction , spokeswoman says NEW : Reagan 's father compares incident to arrest of Harvard professor last year His father is the late president 's oldest son , Michael , a conservative commentator
Nahuala , Guatemala  CNN  -- Officials say at least 46 people were buried in two landslides here . Four of them were Carlos Coti 's family members . "  They left behind 20 orphans , because each one had 4 , 5 or 6 children they left , " he said . The first landslide knocked a number of vehicles and a bus off the road . When nearby residents rushed to the scene to help , a second mudslide crashed down on the same spot , the nation 's disaster agency said . Constant rains have forced rescue crews to stop and restart their searches for the missing , as anxious family members look on . CNN video shows men , dressed in rain-jackets , digging through the thick mud with shovels and then later carrying bodies on stretchers . Disaster officials report that torrential rains and landslides have left at least 46 people dead , 56 injured , and 16 missing . On Monday , President Alvaro Colom declared three days of national mourning . "  The firefighters and rescue teams are working with the government 's equipment so that we can come out of this human tragedy , " Colom said as he visited one landslide site . Around 11,500 residents have been evacuated and 9,000 have taken refuge in shelters , the nation 's disaster agency said . More than 50,000 people have been affected by the punishing rain , said to be the strongest in 60 years . Over the weekend , authorities closed parts of the Inter-American Highway after rains washed out sections of the road and caused at least two accidents . Thousands of homes , in addition to infrastructure and fields of crops , also were damaged by the heavy rains . The torrential downpours come several months after more than 150 people died when Tropical Storm Agatha hit Guatemala in May . Destruction from that storm was widespread throughout the nation , with mudslides destroying homes and buildings and burying some victims . At least nine rivers had dramatically higher levels and 13 bridges collapsed , Guatemala 's emergency services agency said . The May downpours created a sinkhole the size of a street intersection in northern Guatemala City . Residents told CNN that a three-story building and a house fell into the hole . Roughly 263 people have died in Guatemala so far this year as a result of rain , the president said . Journalist Alexia Rios Hayashi contributed to this report .	NEW : Emergency officials report 46 dead and more than 50,000 people affected One family mourns four dead About 11,500 people have been evacuated and 9,000 are living in shelters The president says some 263 people have died this year in Guatemala as a result of rain
CNN  -- Jeffrey Fowle , an American arrested in North Korea in May for leaving a bible at a club for foreign sailors , has been released and is on his way home , a senior State Department official told CNN on Tuesday . An American government plane picked up Fowle on Tuesday before flying to Guam , the official said . North Korea announced Fowle 's detention in June , saying he had violated the law by acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism . " Although North Korea contains a number of state-controlled churches , the totalitarian regime forbids independent religious activities , viewing them as potential threats to its authority . CNN learned of Fowle 's release earlier Tuesday but agreed not to report the news until he landed in Guam . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest confirmed Fowle 's release on Tuesday , saying the Defense Department had arranged his transportation out of the country at the North Korean government 's request . "  We certainly welcome the decision , " Earnest said , adding that the United States has no updates on the status of two other Americans imprisoned in North Korea -- Matthew Miller and Kenneth Bae -- and calling on North Korea to "  immediately release them . " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf echoed Earnest 's call , saying the U.S. government "  will continue to work actively on their cases . " She praised the "  tireless efforts " of the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang , which houses the United States ' representation within North Korea since the U.S. government does n't have an embassy in the country . Sen. Rob Portman said he 's pleased Fowle "  is returning home to his family and can close the chapter on a horrific ordeal in North Korea . " The Ohio Republican said he spoke with Fowle 's wife and Robert King , the U.S. special envoy on North Korean human rights issues , after Fowle -- a Miamisburg , Ohio resident -- was detained . He said he worked with the State Department and "  many other entities to bring him home . " "  North Korea is a country with egregious human rights violations and it 's important that the U.S. continue to stand for the rights of all people , including religious freedoms , at home and abroad , " Portman said . "  My prayers are with Mr. Fowle and his family as he makes the transition home . " Last month , Fowle gave an interview to CNN pleading for U.S. help and speaking about conditions of his detention . He spoke to CNN with Bae and Miller . In the interview , Fowle said he has "  no complaints " about his treatment . "  It 's been very good so far , and I hope and pray that it continues , while I 'm here two more days or two more decades , " he said . North Korean officials monitored and recorded the interviews and CNN was unable to assess independently the conditions under which the men were being held . "  It 's a covert act and a violation of tourists ' rules . I 've admitted my guilt to the government and signed a statement to that effect and requested forgiveness from the people and the government of the DPRK , " Fowle said . Fowle said at the time he expected his trial to start within a month . Bae , a Korean-American missionary , was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in 2013 . He told CNN he was working eight hours a day , six days a week at a labor camp , but was being treated "  as humanely as possible . " Miller was accused of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry . He told CNN his situation was "  very urgent " and would soon be sent to trial and "  directly be sent to prison . " All three implored the U.S. government to send an envoy to North Korea to help get them out of their situations , similar to how former President Bill Clinton helped secure the release of two journalists in 2009 . However it did not appear such an envoy was sent to negotiate Fowle 's release . The senior State Department official said the U.S. was still working to secure the release of Bae and Miller . Eric Bradner contributed to this report .	An American government plane picked up Fowle on Tuesday before flying to Guam Fowle spoke to CNN in September to ask the U.S. for help An official said the U.S. was still working to secure the release of Bae and Miller Fowle was arrested in North Korea in May for leaving a bible at a club for foreign sailors
CNN  -- The last prime minister to serve under ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was referred to trial on corruption charges by an investigative judge , officials said . The charges against Ahmed Shafik , the runner-up in Egypt 's presidential election , arise from allegations made against him while he served as the nation 's civil aviation minister under Mubarak . "  He faces charges of profiteering and facilitating illegal acquisition of state funds , " Adel Saeed , spokesman for the general prosecutor 's office , said Sunday . Shafik was one of ten former civil aviation ministry officials referred to trial , Saeed said . Egyptian prosecutors have already ordered the arrest and extradition of Shafik in a separate corruption case involving the alleged illegal sale of real estate to Mubarak 's sons . Shafik narrowly lost a June presidential runoff to Mohamed Morsy in what was Egypt 's first election since Mubarak was ousted from office during a popular uprising in 2011 . He left Egypt for the United Arab Emirates shortly after the vote , though his attorney told CNN at the time that Shafik was not fleeing the country but leaving out of concern for security . But Shafik on Sunday appeared to counter that claim . "  I traveled after the election in anticipation of unexpected persecution and that was proven to be true and a deliberate attack , " he wrote in a post on Twitter . He accused his detractors of using the judiciary as part of a "  character assassination " and vowed to stand up to what he described as a manipulation of the law . Shafik garnered international attention in the waning days of Mubarak 's rule . Read more : Ahmed Shafik : Egypt 's ` counter-revolutionary candidate ' As Egyptians rose up in January 2011 , Mubarak shuffled his government ministers in attempt to hold on to power and promoted Shafik from civil aviation minister to prime minister . Mubarak was toppled less than two weeks later , but Shafik remained in power for a few weeks longer , saying he and his government would report to the military council that took control of the country after Mubarak resigned . Shafik himself resigned on March 3 , 2011 , after a brief effort to keep Mubarak and his allies from being prosecuted following their ouster . Shafik has been the target of particular anger from the Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's venerable Islamic opposition movement that backed Morsy . Ahead of the presidential election , the Muslim Brotherhood called for a mass protest in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the symbolic heart of the Egyptian revolution , against the candidacies of Shafik and Omar Suleiman , Mubarak 's long-time head of intelligence . Both were disqualified from running , but Shafik successfully appealed against the ruling . Suleiman died in July .	An investigative judge has referred Ahmed Shafik to trial on charges of corruption He narrowly lost to Mohammed Morsy in the presidential election Shafik is also charged in a separate corruption case over real estate dealings
Editor 's note : CNN.com profiled Kyle Graddy last summer when he attended his first pro-baseball game during a peanut-free night in Birmingham , Alabama . Three million U.S. children suffer allergies to peanuts and other foods , which can cause anaphylaxis and -- if left untreated -- death . Last week , Graddy traveled to Washington to lobby for legislation that would create voluntary national guidelines on how schools deal with students with food allergies . Kyle Graddy , 9 , lobbies Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Alabama , about pending food allergy legislation . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- My name is Kyle Graddy . I 'm 9 years old and I have a peanut allergy . I traveled to Washington last week to help myself and other kids with food allergies to have a safer experience at school . I represented the state of Alabama in the Kids ' Congress on Capitol Hill sponsored by the Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis Network . There were 80 kids and 73 families from 24 different states participating in the Kids ' Congress . Kids with food allergies are just like any other kids , they just ca n't eat some foods because it could make them very sick . We want Congress to make a new law that would help us not to worry as much about our food allergies and stay safe . I think it is important for the kids with food allergies to speak with the senators and congressmen because we can tell them what it is like to live with the food allergies and how hard it can be to feel safe at school when there are no real guidelines for anyone to follow . This trip was my first visit to Washington . My whole family went with me on the trip . Watch Kyle and his family on Capitol Hill " On the first day of the Kids ' Congress we rode a bus to the Capitol and had our picture made on the steps . They took a serious picture -- and a silly picture . Next , we all split up and went to meet with senators and congressmen from our states . I was kind of nervous because I have never talked with a senator or congressman before . The Russell Senate Building was very big and was across the street from the Capitol . The hallways were long and full of lots of offices . My first meeting was with Graham Smith of Sen. Richard Shelby 's office . During our 10-minute meeting we sat at a big table in a conference room . I told her about my allergies and how hard it can be for kids at school with food allergies . Later , I saw Sen. John McCain 's office and his assistant gave me an autographed picture of the senator . I also saw President Lyndon Johnson 's old office . My second meeting was with Rep. Mike Rogers , who is from my home state . We all sat in chairs and talked for about 15 minutes during our meeting . Congressman Rogers had a big desk with Auburn University pictures and an Auburn University football helmet in his office . Rep. Rogers was very nice . He welcomed me to town and asked me about my food allergies . He also asked me about my EpiPen -LSB- the auto-injector -RSB- . I always wear it , so I showed it to him and told him how to use it . -LSB- Editor 's note : allergy sufferers often carry emergency auto-injectors in case they come into contact with harmful foods and need a dose of lifesaving epinephrine . -RSB- I talked with him about how hard it is sometimes to be at school with food allergies . The meeting went very well , because Congressman Rogers said that he would co-sponsor the food allergies bill . The bill would make voluntary national guidelines for schools to use in order to help keep kids with food allergies safe . The guidelines would make school much easier for teachers , school nurses , principals , parents and kids with food allergies . Moms and dads would not have to start over each new school year teaching the school teachers , principals , and nurses how to keep their children with food allergies safe in a new classroom . At the beginning of the school year , the school would know that a child has an allergy and would also know exactly what to do for the child to be safe . Also , when I change schools from elementary to middle school , the new school would be prepared for my food allergies . With national guidelines , I would also be safer at school if my family had to move to another state , because the guidelines would be the same . It was cool to meet other kids that have food allergies like me . I met one friend who is allergic to peanuts , tree nuts , milk and wheat . He is 11 years old . The next day I also met for about 5 minutes with people in Sen. Jeff Session 's office . In between the meetings on Capitol Hill , I went sightseeing and ate lunch . They had very good pizza ! Debby McBride of Congressman Rogers ' office gave us a tour of the Capitol Building . The tour was so cool . I got to see the House and Senate Chambers and Sen. John McCain was there . At the Capital , I got to see the old Supreme Court . I also went through the Cannon Tunnel . During our trip we also saw a lot of the other great sites around Washington , including the White House . We got to go on a tour and we had to go through tight security . The tour was led by a Secret Service agent . I liked the painting of Abraham Lincoln that was hanging over the fireplace in the dining room . At the end of the tour , we walked out the front door of the White House . That was so cool ! The Kids ' Congress on Capitol Hill was exciting . I feel pretty good about it . I really liked Washington and ca n't wait to go back .	Nine-year-old boy joins other kids to lobby Congress for federal school guidelines Kyle Graddy meets with U.S. lawmakers and makes his pitch Kyle : "  Guidelines would make school much easier " for teachers , nurses , kids Capitol pizza : "  good , " says Kyle ; White House tour by Secret Service : "  cool "
A newly revealed claim of conspiracy in the death of Princess Diana has royal watchers buzzing once again , nearly 16 years after the woman who would now be a royal grandmother died in a Paris car crash . But British police seem to be knocking down the claim -- that the British military was involved in the deaths of Diana , her boyfriend and their driver in August 1997 . "  This is not a re-investigation , " London Metropolitan Police tersely stressed , in a statement that revealed none of what it had been told . The latest claim appears to have been sent first to military authorities and then to London police by the parents-in-law of a British special forces sniper after his marriage had fallen apart , according to an article on the website of the Sunday People newspaper . It did not offer a source for its reporting . Sunday People said it had seen a seven-page handwritten letter by the in-laws alleging that the soldier , whom the newspaper did not name , had boasted to his wife that the elite British Special Air Service commando unit was behind the deaths . The UK Ministry of Defence told CNN only that "  this is for Metropolitan Police to investigate . " Military authorities have been aware of the claim since the 2011 court-martial of the soldier 's former roommate on weapons charges , Sunday People reported . The unnamed soldier mentioned in the letter was a witness in that case , according to the newspaper . Neither the Sunday People piece nor an earlier version carried by Press Association offered details of the claimed involvement by soldiers in the deaths . Diana , 36 , and Dodi Fayed , her 42-year-old boyfriend , died when the Mercedes-Benz they were traveling in hit a pillar in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel in Paris in August 1997 . They were being followed at the time by the paparazzi after leaving the Ritz Hotel . Their driver , Henri Paul , was also killed . Investigators concluded that Paul was drunk and driving at high speed . Bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones was the sole survivor . Dress Princess Diana wore to dance with Travolta auctioned The princess left behind her two children , Prince William , whose wife recently gave birth to Diana 's first grandchild , and Prince Harry . Some 2.5 billion people around the world watched Diana 's funeral . A British coroner 's inquest in 2007 concluded that the deaths were the result of "  grossly negligent driving of the following vehicles and of the Mercedes . " The inquest found no evidence of murder . A London police spokesman said no new information had been examined since this inquest . Yet the deaths have always been paired with conspiracy theories accusing British and French intelligence services and members of British royalty of orchestrating Diana 's death . The Daily Mirror reported in 2003 that the Princess of Wales wrote to her former butler Paul Burrell 10 months before she died , saying her life was at its "  most dangerous " phase and warning of a plot to tamper with the brakes of her car . After their deaths , Mohamed al Fayed , Dodi 's father , said the couple were planning to announce their engagement and publicly accused Prince Philip , Diana 's former father-in-law , of orchestrating the couple 's murders . He testified at the 2007 inquest . A spokesman for al Fayed said Sunday he had no comment at this time but trusts the police will do a thorough investigation . Diana remains wildly popular in death , and news of the new claim sparked an immediate surge in discussion of her death on news sites and social media . But many seemed skeptical . "  Is it just me or does it  seem  like a Princess Diana conspiracy hits around this time of year , every year ? , " Twitter user DMR09 posted . The rumors come to light weeks before the 16th anniversary of Diana 's death , and a little more than a month before the British premier of "  Diana , " a new movie about the former princess 's life . It 's unclear whether these allegations will make it any further than previous claims have . London police seem unlikely to make any big announcements , based on the closing line of their statement . "  Not Prepared to Discuss Further , " Scotland Yard said in the statement . Rare photo of teenage Diana sold for $ 18,369	Ministry of Defence says claim is for civilian police to deal with But police seem to be knocking down claim that commandos were involved in Diana 's death Allegation emerged amid collapse of soldier 's marriage London police stress they are not re-investigating , merely assessing credibility
CNN  -- A war crimes tribunal for Rwanda sentenced the African nation 's former army chief to 30 years in prison Tuesday for his part in the 1994 genocide that killed 800,000 people . The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda  ICTR  found Augustin Bizimungu guilty on six counts of genocide , crimes against humanity for murder , extermination and rape and violations of the Geneva Conventions . During the genocide , soldiers and police under Bizimungu 's command directed the extermination of tens of thousands of Tutsi civilians who had taken refuge in churches , hospitals and schools , according to Human Rights Watch . Soldiers and police also ordered civilian officials and ordinary citizens to join in hunting down and killing the Tutsi and punished them if they failed to do so , the human rights monitoring group said . Bizimungu fled to Angola , where he was arrested in 2002 and transferred to the tribunal . In 2004 , he was charged with directly ordering brutal acts against Tutsis and failing to halt the acts of his subordinates . He denied the charges . The tribunal also convicted two other senior officers -- François-Xavier Nzuwonemeye and Innocent Sagahutu -- who each got 20 years in prison . The Rwandan genocide was triggered by the April 6 , 1994 , shooting down of a plane carrying the nation 's Hutu president . Ethnic violence erupted and Tutsis were killed systematically by Hutus . The United Nations estimates that some 200,000 people participated in the perpetration of the Rwandan genocide . In all , 800,000 Tutsi men , women , and children -- as well as moderate Hutus -- perished .	A war crimes tribunal found Augustin Bizimungu guilty on 6 counts He had fled to Angola and was arrested there in 2002 About 800,000 people were killed in Rwanda
Russian club Zenit St Petersburg joined Europe 's biggest spending clubs of the summer transfer window after splashing out a reported $ 101m to sign Brazilian striker Hulk and Belgian midfielder Axel Witsel from Portuguese clubs Porto and Benfica . The 26-year-old Hulk , who played for Brazil during the 2012 Olympics , joined Zenit on a five-year contract in a transfer deal worth $ 50.7 m , while the 23-year-old Witsel signed for a similar fee and length of contract . Those two signings pushed Zenit 's spending to over $ 132m for the 2012/2013 season just behind English Premier League club Chelsea  $ 140m  and French side Paris St Germain  $ 206m  . Fair play ? Football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap Hulk , whose full name is Givanildo Vieira de Souza , joined Porto in 2008 from Tokyo Verdy after scoring 54 goals in 103 league matches for the Japanese club . Following his move to Portugal , the Brazilian won three league titles with Porto , the Portuguese Cup and Super Cup as well as the Europa League title . "  This is another important victory , another important step in my life , " Hulk , who has played 14 times for Brazil , told the Zenit website . "  But I have to say that I ` m thankful to Porto for the opportunity to open doors for me in Russia . I was very happy in Portugal . "  I want to be happy in Zenit , and in Russia too . I want to work in that direction : to get victories and win many titles , just like it was in Porto . " Hulk added : "  At first I wanted to play as number 12 , but I was told that this number belongs to the club 's fans . A friend of mine recommended that I take number 29 . He told me that 's a special number . " Capped 30 times by Belgium , Witsel joined Benfica from Standard Liege , where he made his professional debut at the age of 17 . Both players have been signed in time to play for Zenit in the Champions League , with the Russian club drawn in the same group as Malaga , AC Milan and Anderlecht . Zenit are currently top of the Russian league with 16 points from seven matches . Meanwhile Fenerbahce have completed the Â # 8m signing of Raul Meireles from Chelsea on a four-year contract .	Russian club Zenit sign Brazilian striker Hulk and Belgian midfielder Alex Witsel Zenit 's transfer dealings make them third biggest spending club in Europe behind Chelsea and PSG Zenit will play Malaga , AC Milan and Anderlecht in their Champions League group Fenerbahce have completed the Â # 8m signing of Raul Meireles from Chelsea
Tikrit , Iraq  CNN  While Iraqi government and allied forces were on the defensive Friday in Ramadi , they remained on the offensive in Tirkit -- trying to win over not only the strategic city , but the hearts and minds of its nearby residents . Iraqi forces steadily bombarded the last part of Tikrit still controlled by ISIS , with fighting described by one wounded man as intense . Still , even as it fends off this assault , the militant group continues with its barbaric tactics . "  Yesterday , bodies floated down the  Tigris  River from the hospital , " said Saber Kraidi , an eight-year Iraqi military veteran . "  They were people from Tikrit executed by ISIS . " The Iraqi military is joined by some Sunni fighters and a predominantly Shiite militia , working together to retake the city best known to most Westerners as the hometown of former dictator Saddam Hussein . They are working on not just winning the battle , but securing the peace . Members of the Badr organization , a powerful Shiite armed group , handed out food and supplies Friday to residents of the Sunni village of Albu Safah , whose 30 families have been holed up the last 10 months amid the fighting . The village 's leader , Haji Jamid , said the Shiite fighters ' efforts were working . "  They 're good , " Jamid said . "  If someone is sick , they 'll take them to the doctor , even at 2 or 3 in the morning . "  If it were n't for them , ISIS would have slaughtered us . " In June , Tikrit fell to ISIS , which has conquered large areas of Iraq and Syria and claimed them as part of its Islamic caliphate . There have several attempts to take it back since then , all of them failures . The latest push began this month , involving around 30,000 fighters . By Thursday , the government controlled about 75 % of the besieged city , with about 150 holdout ISIS fighters controlling the rest , said Main Al-Kadhimi , commander of the Hashd Al-Shaabi militia . There was no independent confirmation of such a significant advance by the Iraqi forces . But they have been making progress in recent days . That includes gaining control of Tikrit Military Hospital , a few blocks south of the presidential palace , on Wednesday . The goal is that , if Iraqi and allied forces can take Tikrit , then they 'll have more realistic hope of similarly winning back Mosul -- a city that 's nearly 10 times bigger . Yet , even if ISIS is losing ground in Tikrit , that does n't mean it 's not a dangerous , destructive force elsewhere . Case in point is happening about 100 miles south of Tikrit in Ramadi , which the extremist group began assaulting on Wednesday . Faleh al-Issawi , deputy head of the Anbar provincial council , has said officials believe the Ramadi assault "  is an ISIS response to the Tikrit operation . " More than 40 Iraqi soldiers died when ISIS blew up the Iraqi army headquarters near Ramadi in Iraq 's western Anbar province , an Anbar provincial leader told CNN on Friday . ISIS fighters there dug a tunnel underneath the army headquarters and detonated hundreds of homemade bombs , Sabah Al-Karhout , the head of the Anbar Provincial Council , said Thursday . The headquarters are located in the Albu Diab area , just 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  north of Ramadi . Al-Karhout denied reports that the U.S.-led coalition had bombed the headquarters . So , too , did the U.S. government , with its Baghdad embassy stating Friday that no coalition aircraft were even in the area A statement released early Friday by the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS said the Iraqi security forces had successfully repelled the ISIS attack on Ramadi , despite coming under attack from several directions . "  The successful defense of Ramadi by Iraqi Security Forces is another example of their increasing ability to defeat Daesh in multiple locations and prevent the terrorist group from gaining ground , " said Lt. Gen. James L. Terry , the coalition force 's commander , using another name for ISIS . "  The ISF continues to hold terrain in some locations while making gains in others . " In an audio message posted Thursday , ISIS spokesman Abu Mohammed al Adnani called reports of victories by coalition members against the extremist group "  delusional and fake . " He spoke of the coalition 's use of fighter jets , heavy artillery and tanks , saying it is a "  nightmare and will go eventually . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported near Tikrit in Iraq . CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Iraqi forces bombard the small part of Tikrit where ISIS fighters are holding out Sunni village leader lauds Shiite military : "  ISIS would have slaughtered us " if not for them Over 40 Iraqi soldiers killed when ISIS blew up the army HQ in Ramadi , an official says
CNN  -- The killings of three people at Jewish sites in Kansas are a stark reminder that even as hate groups are on the decline in the United States , some among them are still deadly dangerous . A leader of the Anti-Defamation League called Monday for institutions across the country to "  use this horrible tragedy as a learning experience " and tighten their own security systems so that if "  God forbid , this does happen , that the least ... harm can come to their people . " The ADL warned last week that violent attacks against Jewish targets could spike as the Passover holiday -- which begins Monday night and lasts eight days -- coincides with Hitler 's birthday on April 20 . Woman lost her son and father "  Unfortunately throughout history , Jews have been a target around the holidays . We always feel it 's necessary for Jewish organizations to try to ramp up security , " the ADL 's Evan Bernstein told CNN . While anti-Semitic incidents in the United States declined last year , the number of violent incidents went up , according to an ADL study . Thirty-one reported assaults in 2013 included four men in Brooklyn attacking a Jewish man wearing a yarmulke ; a group of girls throwing a bottle at a 12-year-old girl , with one of them calling her "  dirty Jew " ; and an attack on a man in Los Angeles by five men who yelled "  Heil Hitler " before striking him , the ADL says . The suspect in the Kansas shootings -- identified by police as Frazier Glenn Cross , who has also used the name Frazier Glenn Miller -- has long spoken openly about his hatred for Jews and called for "  exterminating " them , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate groups . The SPLC once sued him "  for operating an illegal paramilitary organization and using intimidation tactics against African Americans , " the center says . The SPLC tracks groups that "  have beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people , typically for their immutable characteristic . " "  After four years of spectacular growth driven by the 2008 election of President Obama and the nearly simultaneous collapse of the economy , the radical right in America saw its first significant decrease in 2013 , " the SPLC says . The number of hate groups shrank last year for the second year in a row , down to 939 , according to the center 's calculations . These groups were demoralized by Obama 's re-election , have been losing battles on issues such as same-sex marriage , and lost support when the "  litany of disasters " they predicted -- such as the United Nations invading the United States -- did n't happen , the SPLC says . "  None of this is to suggest that the radical right in America does not remain highly dangerous , " the SPLC warned in its report earlier this year . "  The weakening of groups often has the effect of fostering , rather than retarding , followers ' decisions to finally act out violently . " "  Despite the decline , there are still enormous numbers of radical groups operating -- more than 2,000 of them , including hate and Patriot organizations . The single most important factor that has driven the growth of the radical right over the last five years , the ongoing demographic change to a non-white majority over the course of the next three decades , is still a source of enormous angst and rage for many . " Many of the hate groups the SPLC cites are anti-Semitic as well as racist . They include Christian Identity Groups , which espouse "  a racist reading of the Bible that describes non-white people as lacking souls and Jews as the biological descendants of Satan , " and neo-Nazi groups , among others . The SPLC also cites the New Black Panther Party , whose "  white - and Jew-bashing lawyer Malik Zulu Shabazz relinquished his post , " and was replaced by Hashim Nzinga , also "  known for his anti-Semitism and anti-white racism . " The existence of these groups does not automatically suggest threats of violence . But the tragedy in Kansas "  shows that one person with the mindset of that kind of hate can really damage a community in the deepest way , " Bernstein said . The SPLC 's criteria for designating hate groups are a source of controversy . In 2012 , the Family Research Council lashed back at the SPLC for designating it as a hate group . Rabbi : Hate-filled violence threatens us all	Slayings a stark reminder of need for tight security , Anti-Defamation League says Anti-Semitic incidents were down last year , but violence was up , the ADL says Hate groups are on the decline , the Southern Poverty Law Center says The decline of these groups can foster an increase in violence by followers
CNN  -- NASA has postponed for one day the scheduled launch of a rocket carrying a solar probe . The space agency plans to launch an Atlas V rocket carrying its Solar Dynamics Observatory , which it says will study the sun "  in greater detail than ever before . " After delaying the launch three times because of windy conditions Wednesday at Cape Canaveral , Florida , NASA said it will try again Thursday , with a launch window of 10:23 a.m. to 11:23 a.m. ET . "  The vehicle 's flight control system sensed wind loads exceeding the limit , prompting the abrupt end to the countdown , " NASA said . The agency says the observatory will provide a better understanding of the sun and its role in space weather events such as solar flares , which can wreak havoc on Earth . The observatory is designed to deliver solar images with resolution 10 times better than high-definition television , according to NASA . The five-year mission "  will determine how the sun 's magnetic field is generated , structured and converted into violent solar events like turbulent solar wind , solar flares and Coronal Mass Ejections , " according to the agency . The solar wind , a stream of electrically charged particles flowing out from the sun , fills the entire solar system with charged particles and magnetic fields , according to NASA . Solar flares are actual explosions in the sun 's atmosphere , the largest of them equal to billions of one-megaton nuclear bombs . And Coronal Mass Ejections , or CMEs , are eruptions that launch solar material into space at a high rate of speed . Such events can put astronauts at risk , as well as aircraft flying over Earth 's North or South Poles , and can also disrupt satellite communications , navigational systems and power grids , NASA said . In 1969 , for instance , a solar current knocked a power grid serving Quebec , Canada , off-line for nine hours . "  That 's a direct impact on life and society , " said Richard Fisher , director of NASA 's Heliophysics Division . He is in charge of Wednesday 's launch . In addition , changes in magnetic energy such as those around sunspots can change Global Positioning System signals , making them less accurate "  If you 're landing a great big jet airliner in a low-visibility situation and you have one of these events that causes a misinterpretation of location by 150 to 200 yards , that 's big stuff when you 're trying to hit a runway with these instruments , " Fisher said . There 's no way to predict space weather . Officials hope the Solar Dynamics Observatory can provide information to help change that . "  This is the most advanced spacecraft we 've ever designed to study the sun and its dynamic behavior , " Fisher said . The sun , he said , "  has this trick of converting magnetic energy into other kinds of energy that can affect the Earth . " "  I believe we 're up to the point now where we can probably predict when something like this is more or less likely and you can at least take precautions , " Fisher said about solar weather . A warning system , for example , could help power grid operators avoid an outage by taking some of the grid 's load off or finding alternative configurations . The sun 's effect was n't an issue for the Earth until the technological advances in electronics over the last hundred years , he said . The observatory is "  going to give us good awareness of the dynamics of the sun , and we 're going to be able to make estimates on when we should take precautions with our satellites or with airline operations or with Department of Defense systems , " Fisher said . "  We have an increasing pressure on science to try and predict what 's going to happen on the sun , and that 's the scientific bent of this  SDO  satellite , is to try to get a handle on it . " The observatory contains three major instruments that scientists believe will send data back to Earth for at least five years . The Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager and the Atmospheric Imaging Assembly will allow scientists to see the sun in high resolution . The imaging assembly will also observe the outer layer of the sun 's atmosphere , and the Extreme Ultraviolet Variability Experiment will measure its ultraviolet spectrum every 10 seconds . "  Space weather forecasting is in its infancy ... just like hurricane forecasting was years ago , " according to an article on NASA 's Web site by Liz Citrin , SDO project manager at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , which developed and will manage the mission . "  We built up experience in collecting data , designed models , tested those models and now look what we can do . " The observatory will snap an image of the sun in eight wavelengths every 10 seconds , NASA said . It will remain in continuous contact with a station at the White Sands Complex in southern New Mexico . "  The biggest challenge of this mission was the data rate , " Citrin wrote in the article . "  SDO will blast back 1.5 terabytes of information every day . ... That 's equivalent to a half-million song downloads . It 's unprecedented . " The observatory is the first mission of NASA 's Living With a Star program . The program is aimed at increasing understanding of the sun in order to address its effect on Earth . The mission was supposed to launch in August 2008 , but scientists decided more testing was needed . CNN Radio 's Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .	Solar observatory aims to provide better understanding of sun 's role in space weather Observatory to deliver images with resolution 10 times better than high-def TV Five-year mission will examine sun 's magnetic field and violent solar events NASA : Observatory will snap image of sun in eight wavelengths every 10 seconds
AOL Autos  -- Since there have been cars , people have chosen their rides based on what their cars say about them . AOL Autos put a list of cars before automotive industry experts to capture their take on several popular cars . Drivers of the dependable Camry know what 's important in life , says expert . Our panel consisted of Stephanie Brinley , senior manager at Auto Pacific ; James Bell , editor and publisher of IntelliChoice and Jim Markwalder , veteran automotive consultant from Detroit . Rest assured , these experts did not pull any punches . Toyota Prius : Green no matter its color Brinley looked through the company 's vast data on the Toyota Prius . "  Buying a Prius shows the world that you love the environment and hate using fuel , " said Brinley . "  Compared to the overall industry , Prius buyers are more often women , have fewer kids and more often have college educations . " Bell adds , "  New Prius buyers want to be part of the ` green ' club . " "  Prius drivers like the video-game challenge of continuously trying to best your own fuel economy achievements , " said Brinley . Markwalder opines : "  There 's a good chance that if you come upon a line of slow moving traffic , a Prius driver will be at the front of the line , self-righteously driving under the speed limit on his or her way to save the world . " We 're just quoting here , folks . Chevrolet Corvette : Performer for the mid-life crisis The Chevy Corvette "  seems to be more often a reward car . Its buyers are older than the industry average , with 88 percent born before 1946 , according to Auto Pacific data . Only 11 percent of Corvette owners are in Gen Y or Gen X. " Bell adds : "  Sadly , the usual stereotype of the Corvette buyer as a 57-year old male deep in a mid-life crisis is proven . " Better car than its image suggests Bell sees another side to the Corvette . "  It is the absolute greatest performance bargain on the planet , " said Bell . "  It 's an affordable giant-killer . " Markwalder adds , "  There have been 1.5 million Corvettes produced since 1953 , and while plenty of old guys drive them , they are an engineering marvel that will run 180 mph or return 30 + mpg highway fuel economy . " Toyota Camry : A major transportation appliance "  I think the Camry gets a bad rap for being the ` microwave oven ' of the car industry , " said Bell . "  It 's boring , reliable , efficient , and common . But to many drivers , these words are exactly all they are looking for , making the Camry their own personal rock star . A Toyota Camry in the driveway tells everyone that you know what is important in life , and it 's not your car . " Dodge Challenger : The transcendent pony car The Dodge Challenger looks more like its original than the 2010 Ford Mustang or Chevrolet Camaro . According to Brinley , the Challenger appeals to Baby Boomers who like styling and power . But almost 30 percent of Challenger buyers are Gen X or Gen Y. Surprisingly , this beats out the Prius , a more forward-looking vehicle ; only 18-percent of its buyers are Gen X or Y. Auto Pacific 's data shows that the Dodge Challenger is winning buyers too young to remember the original 1970-74 Challenger . "  All ages stop and stare at this car , " said Bell . "  Especially when it 's in Hemi Orange , from old-skool Hot Rodders to the Import Tuner crowd . " This wide appeal makes pegging the Challenger owner more challenging . Ford F-150 : Working man 's truck According to Auto Pacific data , the driver of a Ford F-150 work truck  a plain , regular-cab model  , is an employed man . Markwalder confirms with this : "  Basic Ford trucks , like the XLT , make a good tool for the guy who works hard for an honest living . " Bell adds , "  We 'll see fewer non-work trucks because using them for commuting has lost its shine . " Mercedes-Benz R-Class : A marketing mystery "  With 2008 sales of only 7700 vehicles , we do n't have enough information about buyers to provide a strong picture of why somebody drives an R-Class , " said Brinley . "  The more expensive GL-Class and ML-Class SUVs each sold three times as many . " Markwalder states , "  The R-Class has always been a contradiction , looking like a minivan but not delivering on functionality . " Bell quips , "  My experience tells me that its few buyers are attracted to its three-pointed star  badge appeal  or the large discounts because the R-Class has n't sold well . " The R-class , a "  tweener " that is somewhat minivan , somewhat wagon and somewhat crossover , has few rivals . Only the Ford Flex and the new Toyota Venza seem to come close . Experts ' first thoughts Bell on Chrysler Sebring Convertible : "  I hope it 's a rental . " Brinley adds , "  It 's an old person 's cars , with only four-percent of its buyers from Gen Y. " Bell on the Honda Insight : "  They 're members of the Prius Alternative Club for Honda lovers . " Markwalder on Smart ForTwo : "  Experimenters with a sense of humor who would rather sprint away from a light than hold up traffic . "	The model of car you drive may be telling people all about you Prius drivers : College educated , want to be part of the "  green club " Corvette : An "  affordable giant-killer " for men in midlife crisis Smart ForTwo : "  Experimenters with a sense of humor " who sprint away from stops
CNN  -- Loathed by most , loved by virtually none , battlefield cuisine has left an indelible mark on the taste buds of American troops -- and it 's not a good one . Marines eat their MREs in a burned-out hotel in Haqlaniyah , Iraq , in 2006 . "  Meals Rejected by Everyone " is a popular nickname for MREs , which stands for Meals Ready to Eat , those brownish polymer pouches filled with precooked food and snacks . While MREs provide food when there 's no way to make it to the mess hall , they are no substitutes for what troops crave . "  They really want pizza and beer , " says Judith Aylward , senior food technologist at the U.S. Army Soldier Systems Center in Natick , Massachusetts . She and a team of food technicians are working hard to improve the quality and the taste of combat food . And while they have n't been able to give servicemen and women everything they desire , troops are eating a variety of foods far more appetizing than the canned C-rations of World War II , Korea and Vietnam . Explore the history of U.S. combat rations " Soldiers now dine on penne pasta with vegetarian sausage in spicy tomato sauce , chicken breast fillet and boneless pork rib . "  I like to eat the chicken breast when on the move because it does not have any gravy , so it will not spill all over and make a mess , and it fills you up , " said Army Staff Sgt. Joel Klein , of St. Petersburg , Florida , who served in Iraq . Klein is currently stationed at Fort Benning in Columbus , Georgia . The beef patty is also a favorite , Aylward says . "  It comes with two slices of wheat snack bread , and we include a package of cheese and BBQ sauce so they can feel like they are eating at McDonald 's . " While perennial favorites like spaghetti and beef stew please most palates , old classics have fallen out of favor -- like Chicken a-la-King , affectionately called by some Chicken a-la-Death . Other entrees just never catch on . "  We had a tuna noodle casserole ... the troops really did n't like it , " she says . "  My least favorite is the cheese omelet with vegetables , " says Fort Benning Pvt. Antonio Kinslow , from Macon , Georgia . Klein 's least favorite is also the omelet . Watch as civilians taste MREs " Opening up a case of today 's MREs is a lot like walking into a mall food court , says Stephen Moody , team leader for the Individual Combat Ration Team . There are 24 MRE menus , and Italian , Mexican and vegetarian meals are represented . Whenever possible , familiar commercial items like M&M s and Tabasco are tossed in -- a taste of home that boosts morale , Aylward says . Find out what 's in an MRE " Troops enjoy mixing and matching MRE items , creating their own culinary recipes . "  Peanut Butter + Crackers + Coffee + Sugar + Creamer + Coco Base Powder  Crush it all up and mix in a little water  = Instant Joy , " according to 1st . Sgt. Donel Hagelin , from Fayetteville , North Carolina . Hagelin is also based at Fort Benning and served in Iraq and Afghanistan . The flexible pouch-based meals have been around for more than 20 years . In the early 1980s , the military replaced the C-ration with the MRE , a 1,200 - to 1,300-calorie entree meal with snacks , spreads and a dessert . And it 's a hot meal -- just place the entree in the flameless ration heater bag , add water , and a chemical reaction warms the food in 10 minutes . Troops can enjoy a hot cup of coffee with the included plastic-zippered hot beverage bag . "  All items in the MRE are useful , from the matches to the toilet paper , " Hagelin says . MREs are considered restricted rations -- food eaten when regular meal services can not be provided . They are meant to be eaten for up to 21 days and have a three-year shelf life . "  There are a lot of great commercial items where if we only needed six months -LSB- of shelf life -RSB- , we could just go down to the Kroger or the Safeway and grab what 's popular , but there are n't a whole lot of things on the shelf that last for three years at 80 degrees Fahrenheit , " Moody says . The military uses the three-year shelf life to maintain its "  war reserves . " There are millions of cases of MREs positioned around the world at any given time for contingencies , he explains . Sometimes , the military needs something more practical than the MRE . During intense combat operations , troops do n't have time to heat an MRE , and they do n't have the space to carry nine of them , enough food for a typical 72-hour mission . To give troops something to eat on the go , the team at Natick came up with the First Strike Ration , or FSR -- pocket sandwiches and snack food that can be eaten throughout the day . One FSR has 3,600 to 3,900 calories and is packed with energy boosters like nutrition bars , electrolyte beverages and caffeinated gum . One FSR is equal to three MREs . Moody says troops in Iraq and Afghanistan are downing a lot of Red Bull and Starbucks products . "  We 've got a group of young caffeine drinkers on our hands , " he said . "  We 're trying to meet those needs for them . " Several thousand assault ration prototypes were shipped to Iraq , Afghanistan , Germany , Kuwait and Haiti , and the feedback was overwhelmingly positive on the weight savings vs. the MRE . The military estimates the assault ration will begin shipping to troops in November . E-mail to a friend	Army technicians working to improve quality , taste of combat food Italian , Mexican and vegetarian meals are represented in the MRE MREs replaced the C-ration in the early 1980s New field ration will feed troops during intense combat operations
CNN  -- When working on her nude series , artist Karen Divine sometimes joins other photographers at group photo shoots with a model in a studio . She 's usually the only woman , and she 's usually the only one without a high-powered digital camera . She always gets funny looks when she joins a group shoot with just her phone . Last week one photographer said to her , "  Oh , gee , that works for you ? " In fact , it works quite well for her . She shoots , composites and manipulates all her pieces on her iPhone . Divine 's nude series explores whether a female photographer approaches photographing women differently than the male photographers who dominate the field . The series has not only been recognized as great iPhone work , but it also stacks up well against traditional photography . Her work won two awards in the international Eyephoneography photography competition and won first place in the Fine Art Nude category in the Lucie Awards , an international photography competition . Since she discovered the potential of the iPhone as a photography and art tool a year and a half ago , Divine has downloaded 50 photography apps and stowed away her bulky cameras that had been invaluable tools in her art career for the past four decades . "  I have n't really shot with my camera since , " she said . Smartphone artwork is increasingly becoming recognized as a viable new media form , providing an opportunity for veterans to expand their style and reach . Mixed media artist David Swann has worked in welding , film and digital photography , printmaking , painting and Photoshop ; for him , the iPhone is just another canvas . "  It 's not out of disrespect for traditional processes , " Swann said . "  It 's just another way of taking a creative idea and putting it out there for people to share . " His mixed media works might include a photo manipulated on the iPhone , then printed on a canvas and overlaid with acrylic paint . David Rams , a former photographer for Playboy Magazine who is also now experimenting in mixed media , said he pulls photos taken on his Nikon into his phone and applies filters . Sometimes clients like them more than the full resolution photos . He finds beauty in imperfections : in scars on people and in scratches and overexposure effects of some Instagram filters . For him , app experimentation is like sketching . Art photography : When ` reality is n't good enough ' "  There 's no stress , " he said . "  I do n't have a client breathing over my neck . " It also allows him to document his personal life without feeling like he 's in work mode , unlike when he has a camera hanging around his neck . "  There are some moments you do n't want to be carrying a camera so you can be involved in it , but a cell phone is a lot more spontaneous , " Rams said . All three artists said settling for the lower resolution of the photos was worth the improvisation the iPhone allows . They can grab a shot of a neat cloud formation when running errands , or composite a new piece while waiting in a doctor 's office . It 's not only experienced artists playing on their phones . Smartphones and apps provided a platform and tools for creative types who had n't pursued art because of lack of training or supply funding . Daria Polichetti and her partner , Nate Park , launched the website iphoneart.com in 2010 for mobile artists to upload their portfolios and share techniques with each other . They hosted the L.A. Mobile Arts Festival in August , which they said was the largest gathering of mobile art to date with more than 200 artists ' work showcased . "  There were well-known artists alongside soccer moms , " Polichetti said . "  People from all over the world , from Lebanon , Turkey , Africa , were able to come together in a way that was n't possible before in the world of art . " Mobile devices have allowed more people to become part of the art world , and both Polichetti and Divine , whose work was featured in the festival and is posted on the site , are welcoming the newcomers . On Wednesday Polichetti launched an iprint online store where artists sell prints of their work . "  We feed each others ' creativity , " said Divine , who is teaching her techniques at workshops . "  I can teach techniques , but people have to have a vision and work from a place where they can express themselves . " Polichetti said she often hears that mobile artists are n't truly artists because they hit a button to apply a few filters , and it 's the app developers who are doing the real work . "  These artists are innovating art at the front of the field and doing things these app creators did n't even know was possible . They 're inventing new processes , " she said . "  It 's a real collaboration . " Do you think mobile phone art is a legitimate art form ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Mobile phones are a newer tool for fine artists , some of whom use them exclusively Photographer Karen Divine shoots all her award-winning work on her iPhone Mixed media artist David Rams says phones give him the freedom to create on the fly Last month the L.A. Mobile Arts Festival showcased the work of more than 200 artists
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Two explosions rocked an anti-government protest in the Thai capital of Bangkok on Friday , wounding more than two dozen people , security and health officials said . The blasts went off as protesters were marching in the streets , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Pattanathabut , the national security chief . The cause was n't immediately clear . Twenty-eight people were wounded and taken to hospitals , according to the Erawan Emergency Center , a medical unit monitoring the political unrest in Thailand . Demonstrators demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra began their latest round of rallies -- dubbed the "  Bangkok shutdown " -- in the capital Monday . But their numbers have shrunk over the course of the week . Roughly 12,000 protesters were on the streets Friday , Paradon said . That 's a fraction of the 170,000 people the government estimated had assembled Monday evening . Demonstrators say their numbers are far higher than official estimates . Outbreaks of violence have flared around the protests this week . On Tuesday night , authorities reported the nonfatal shooting of two protesters , bus burnings , an assault on police officers and an explosive device being thrown at an opposition leader 's house . Akanat Prompan , a spokesman for the main protest group , said the blasts Friday were the first attack on marches in daylight on a public street . He said the first explosion took place about 30 meters from Suthep Thaugsuban , the leader of the protest group , and generated a lot of smoke . But the situation was n't too chaotic , he said . Marchers continued on to the Lumpini Park area , one of their main rallying points . Political crisis The protests this week caused some disruption in central Bangkok , but large areas of the sprawling capital city remain unaffected . The government has deployed about 20,000 security personnel throughout the city . Rights groups , the United Nations and the United States have called on Thai authorities and anti-government protesters to respect human rights and avoid violence during the mass demonstrations . Since demonstrations against Yingluck 's government began in November , eight people have died and more than 450 have been wounded , according to authorities . The country is still scarred by the severe 2010 civil unrest that left about 90 people dead . In a bid to resolve the current crisis , Yingluck dissolved the nation 's parliament last month and called for new elections to be held on February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters . They have called on the Prime Minister to step down from her caretaker position and be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would see through electoral and political changes . The opposition Democrat Party has said it will boycott the elections . Ambitious goal Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where every election since 2001 has been won by parties affiliated with Thaksin , a billionaire who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The recent protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse her of being nothing more than her brother 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . Opposition to Thaksin and Yingluck is strongest among the urban elites and middle class , particularly in Bangkok . Thaksin 's traditional support comes from the populous rural areas of north and northeast Thailand . His supporters , known as "  red shirts , " support the holding of elections on February 2 .	The blasts hit protesters as they marched through the city The latest round of anti-government demonstrations in Bangkok began this week A number of violent incidents have flared around the protests Protesters want Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step down
CNN  -- A European satellite has observed a rapid retreat of one of Antarctica 's ice shelves , which is half the size it was 10 years ago , the European Space Agency said Thursday . The agency 's Envisat satellite shows part of the Larsen Ice Shelf , which lies on a peninsula south of Chile , has decreased from 3,463 square kilometers  1,337 square miles  in March 2002 to 1,670 square kilometers  645 square miles  today , a change the European Space Agency blames on warmer temperatures . "  Ice shelves are sensitive to atmospheric warming and to changes in ocean currents and temperatures , " Helmut Rott from the University of Innsbruck said in an statement from the space agency . "  The northern Antarctic Peninsula has been subject to atmospheric warming of about 2.5 degrees Celsius  4.5 Fahrenheit degrees  over the last 50 years -- a much stronger warming trend than on global average , causing retreat and disintegration of ice shelves . " The waning is happening on the Larsen B ice shelf , one of three shelves that make up the Larsen Ice Shelf . Larsen A disintegrated in January 1995 . Larsen C has so far been stable , the space agency said , though satellites have observed some recent thinning and melting . Larsen B measured 11,512 square kilometers in January 1995 . It went down to 6,664 square kilometers in February 2002 after several parts broke off , and a month later Larsen B was down to 3,463 square kilometers . The space agency says the satellite 's observations confirm the vulnerability of the ice shelves to climatic warming .	The Larsen B ice shelf has decreased dramatically since March 2002 The European Space Agency blames it on warmer temperatures Another Larsen ice shelf disintegrated and a third is stable
CNN  -- Chile 's Supreme Court has ruled that former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori can be extradited to Peru on five corruption and two human rights abuse charges . Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has denied all allegations , calling them politically motivated . Alberto Chaigneau , a court judge , made the announcement about the order on Chilean TV on Friday . Gabriel Zaliasnek , Fujimori 's defense attorney , later said that the "  decision of the Supreme Court should be respected and will be respected . " It is not known when the extradition will take place . But the wheels for extradition were set in motion a couple of months ago . A Chilean prosecutor in June recommended that Fujimori be extradited to Peru to face the charges . He was then placed under house arrest in his home in the suburbs of the Chilean capital , Santiago while awaiting a Supreme Court ruling . Before moving to Chile , Fujimori had fled Peru for Japan , where he holds dual citizenship , as his decade-long presidency neared its end in 2000 . Japan refused to honor Peru 's request to return him for trial , saying its nationals should be subject to Japanese law and pointing out the two countries have no extradition treaty . He attempted to resign from the presidency by fax from Japan , but Peru 's congress refused to accept it , instead declaring him morally unfit to govern . He arrived in Chile in 2005 , in what some saw as a possible attempt to return to Peru and seek office there in 2006 . He was under house arrest for six months in Chile , but authorities lifted the restriction last year on the condition he not leave the country . Peru has alleged Fujimori ordered death-squad killings and participated in various acts of government corruption . He has denied all the allegations , calling them politically motivated . E-mail to a friend	Ex-Peru leader must be extradited to face human rights charges at home Fujimori accused of ordering death squad killings , corruption Fujimori has denied allegations , saying they 're politically motivated
A private meeting on Capitol Hill with House Democrats and White House officials on Wednesday became heated when rank-and-file members expressed frustration about continued Obamacare problems , according to multiple sources in the room . One congressional Democrat who attended the meeting said senior Obama administration officials Mike Hash and David Simas really "  got hit " by House Democrats about everything from the troubled website to the broken presidential promise that people can keep the insurance plans they like . The most pressing political challenge for House Democrats will come this Friday when they will have to vote on a House Republican plan by Rep. Fred Upton of Michigan that allows people to keep their policies if they want to . Insurance companies have begun canceling certain individual plans mainly due to Obamacare , creating an unexpected hardship for many who could soon find themselves without coverage or wind up facing higher costs for new plans they may not want . In California alone , more than 1 million people have received policy termination notices from several insurers because their plans do not meet minimum requirements under the Affordable Care Act , the state 's insurance commissioner said this week . Insurers have , in a large number of cases , temporarily extended the time frame for ending those agreements . Several lawmakers -- even liberals who adamantly support Obamacare -- stood and warned the officials that the White House must come up with a solution before the vote . As CNN first reported on Tuesday , many House Democrats are feeling so much pressure from constituents on this issue that they may feel compelled to vote yes for political reasons . "  Members want to keep their promises to their constituents , which is that they would have affordable insurance -- if they want to keep the plan they have -- they would keep it , " said Rep. Marcy Kaptur , D-Ohio . "  We would offer broader insurance alternatives so that people would have more competitive pricing . " Democratic congressional sources have told CNN that Friday is a de facto deadline for the administration to come up with a fix . The preference would be an administrative remedy that circumvents the polarized Congress . But if that is not possible , Democrats are demanding the White House offer a legislative solution that they can offer as an alternative to the GOP plan . Administration officials came to the meeting to try to convince House Democrats not to vote for the Upton bill , saying it would gum up the system and result in higher premiums for most Americans , sources told CNN . "  They were talking about the ultimate impact of voting for it . That , in fact , it would allow plans that had high deductibles , very poor coverage -- which of course we want to get rid of , " said Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois . Democratic Rep. Jose Serrano of New York told reporters he thinks something will "  develop over the next 24 hours . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said "  you can expect " the Obama administration to announce plans for addressing health policy cancellations under Obamacare "  sooner rather than later . " Carney said President Barack Obama has asked "  his team " to come up with policy options , suggesting they were moving quickly . He again rejected the Upton bill as "  not an effective fix " because it opens up the plans to anyone , not just the people who 's plans are being canceled . Lawmakers also expressed frustration with the HealthCare.gov website , the chief portal for people who want to sign up for Obamacare through the federal government . It 's October 1 launch was a debacle and the administration is scrambling to get it running up to speed . White House tech expert says healthcare.gov getting better Source : Nov. deadline possible Rep. Anna Eschoo of California asked administration officials to stop using "  red lines " they may have to cross and make the public relations problems worse for Democrats . For example , sources in the meeting said she is worried that if the the website is not running smoothly by November 30 as the administration has promised , the political problems for Democrats will be worse . Though , the focus is chiefly on the House bill over cancellations . It would allow affected insurance plans to extend into next year and gut a major part of the Affordable Care Act by allowing anyone to purchase them , even though the existing policies do n't meet the tougher requirements of the Obamacare initiative . Can Congress really save insurance plans lost under Obamacare ? Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination for preexisting conditions and mandates coverage for mental health , prenatal care and other issues . This is a primary reason why insurance companies are dropping existing coverage . Cancellations drive concern Although the rocky rollout of the Obamacare website and low enrollment figures through Wednesday -- just over 100,000 -- are embarrassments for the President and Democrats in Congress who rammed through the health law in 2010 without Republican support , it is the policy cancellations that are really driving Democrats to put more pressure the White House . Obama has apologized to those losing their coverage despite his assurances to the contrary and appears to be taking a hit for his Obamacare woes , according to the latest polling . His approval rating among American voters has dropped to its lowest number in Quinnipiac University polling since he became President with new doubts being raised about trust . Pressure to come up with a fix Rep. Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 Democrat in the House , told reporters on Tuesday that Obama needs to come up with a solution "  sooner rather than later . " New York Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , criticized the House GOP plan , saying he believed it would increase premiums and remove consumer protections . "  We should do something so long as it actually fixes the problem and does n't make the problem worse . " Israel told reporters Tuesday , saying it would be helpful if the White House came out with a proposal before Friday 's House vote . But Rep. John Larsen of Connecticut , a loyal liberal and former House Democratic leader , said he has n't seen details of the House GOP bill , but said he thought it could "  make sense " and that there "  could be support " depending on the approach . Hoyer said earlier he had n't ruled out being open to Upton 's bill , but his spokeswoman says he 's now opposed since Upton has said he wo n't make changes and Democratic leaders will likely urge their caucus to vote against it . More pressure on Obama Boosting pressure further on Obama was former President Bill Clinton , who said on Tuesday that the President should find a way to uphold his initial promises about health policies . Clinton : Obama should ` honor commitment ' on keeping health plans A growing number of Democrats have called for changes or delays to the program as many face tough reelection bids in 2014 and are feeling pressure from challengers and constituents . Obamacare rattling Democratic nerves Although he did n't go nearly as far as Clinton , Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois , said he is open to changes as well and noted that Obama should have been more careful with his words in the first place . Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , introduced a narrower bill than what House Republicans are planning with Upton 's plan and said that she has growing support in the Senate , including Dianne Feinstein , Joe Manchin , Mark Pryor and Kay Hagan -- all Democrats . She noted her proposal would allow people who have individual insurance , which she says makes up about 5 % of the market , to keep their coverage . Insurers would have to notify those customers what minimum coverage requirements are not being met . A Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN that White House officials will go to Capitol Hill on Thursday to meet with Senate Democrats about looking for a fix . Obamacare promises : Where things stand Official : Hackers tried repeatedly to attack Obamacare website Many in Congress avoiding Obamacare exchanges	Democrats vent frustrations over Obamacare to White House officials at weekly caucus meeting California says more than 1 million people get insurance cancellation notices White House officials will go to Capitol on Thursday to meet with Senate Democrats House to vote on Friday on proposal that would let people keep their health care plans
CNN  -- For actor Bill Oberst Jr. , it was an unpaid gig starring in a Web-only video that 's just two minutes long . An Emmy and a Webby Award later , he says "  Take This Lollipop " is the best job he 's ever taken . "  It changed my career , " Oberst said . "  I 'm doing feature after feature . I 'm doing four in a row right now , and that 's all because of the reaction to ` Lollipop ' . " The personalized , interactive video took the Web by storm last Halloween . In it , Oberst plays a disturbed-looking stalker who paws through Facebook photos and other information the viewer provides before jumping in a car and driving in a twisted rage toward the address that the user has posted right there on the Internet for anyone to see . As of Wednesday , the video had been "  liked " on Facebook more than 13.9 million times . Director Jason Zada says it 's been watched more than 100 million times total , and its 10 million likes in less than a month made it the fastest-spreading app in Facebook 's history , according to Mashable . And now ? Like any good horror outing , it 's getting a sequel . Zada hopes to launch "  Take This Lollipop 2 " by Halloween . He 's started a Kickstarter campaign , hoping that some of the millions of people he freaked out last year will help him do it again . "  The people were such a huge part of making the first one so successful -- there was really nothing else that made it successful other than people talking about it and people writing about it , " he said . "  Thirteen million peopled ` liked ' the original one . If we just got 150,000 of those people to give a dollar to say they liked the first one and want to see a second one ... it 's such an interesting concept to see that 's all it takes . " "  Lollipop " clearly touched a nerve . In it , Zada  whose viral-video pedigree began with 2006 's interactive "  Elf Yourself "  merged Oberst 's disturbing screen persona with the public 's mounting concerns about Facebook security and online privacy in general . It would go on to shock even its creators by winning a Daytime Emmy Award for "  New Approaches " as well as a pair of Webby Awards . "  You always have that thing in your mind where you hope what you 're doing is going to be successful , but I never had any clue it would be this successful , " Zada said . "  Winning the Daytime Emmy was probably the most remote thing I could have put into my head . " Oberst says he sees the video 's wide reach in his daily life . "  Particularly if I 'm wearing a wife-beater  T-shirt  , which is frequent in L.A. because it 's hot , " he said . "  I 've actually had kids say , ` Mom , that 's the guy who stalked me on Facebook ! ' The kids think it 's funny . The adults are freaked out by it . " Oberst is already a bit of a B-movie regular , with appearances ranging from HBO 's "  True Blood " to the provocatively titled "  Nude Nuns With Big Guns . " But he credits the video with helping him emerge as something of a cult favorite .  "  I 'm killing a guy in a bathtub today , " he says by phone during a break in shooting an upcoming feature  . "  It became worldwide , " he said . "  I went from just trying to work to someone who was described , whether accurately or not , as an emerging horror icon on sites in Romania and Russia . I owe Jason and his team a great debt because , basically that 's a two-minute reel for what I do on film . " Zada is being understandably tight-lipped about details of the sequel . "  Part of what made the first one really successful was the idea that your friend told you to do this , but really did n't give you too much information , " he said . "  A lot of the word of mouth was , ` Oh my god , this is the scariest thing I 've ever seen , ' but a lot of people did n't really tell people what happens before they saw it . " He promises it will again be interactive and be "  bigger " than the original . "  We want to take it a step further , " Zada said . "  We think there 's an interesting story we 're developing that , if you spoiled some of the details , would spoil some of the experience . " He wo n't even officially confirm whether Oberst will be back , although he quickly acknowledges that he "  could n't imagine him not being a part of it . " And Kickstarter supporters can be part of the action . Donor levels range from $ 1 to $ 10  which gets you the iconic blue lollipop featured on the original video , sans razor blade  all the way up to a whopping $ 10,000 , at which point the campaign ominously promises "  an extended film experience that begins to infiltrate your real life . " For a more meager $ 2,500 , you can have a photograph of yourself included in the film . "  We wanted to come up with some inventive ways of letting people be a part of it , " Zada said . "  If , for whatever reason , it ends up being seen by as many people as the first one , you can be part of it . "	Kickstarter campaign launches to make a sequel to viral hit "  Take This Lollipop " The interactive viral video was viewed more than 100 million times Director , actor say success , Emmy award were big surprises Jason Zada promises sequel will go "  a step further "
CNN  -- January can be a grueling month . Christmas is but a distant memory , with the only reminder of the festive period the credit card bills which keep tumbling through the letter box . It is often a time for cutting ones cloth as once profligate football clubs are finding out , though the likes of English Premier League club Queen Park Rangers have gone on a spending spree in a desperate bid to avoid relegation . English Premier League clubs splashed out a combined # 120 million  $ 190 million  on new players during the January transfer window -- double the # 60m spent during the same period in 2012 -- but those figures can be deceptive , with QPR , Liverpool and Newcastle United accounting for over half of the money spent in England 's top flight . But , in truth , the increase in spending contradicts the mood of austerity which is blowing like tumbleweed through European soccer . "  There were relatively few active spenders in the winter window , with over half of this January 's total transfer spending coming from three clubs , " said Dan Jones , partner in the sports business group at Deloitte , as he analyzed spending trends in the English Premier League . "  Winter window activity tends to be driven by the on-pitch competition at the upper and lower ends of the Premier League table . " The elephant in every club boardroom is the need to factor in European governing body UEFA 's new financial rules that are designed to prevent big spending clubs spending beyond their means and posting unsustainable yearly losses . "  Clubs are now in a reporting period that will count towards the first assessment of UEFA 's financial fair play break-even requirement for international competition and Premier League clubs are also considering the implementation of additional cost control regulation at a domestic level , " added Jones . "  Their apparent relative restraint in this transfer window may reflect an increasing focus on clubs achieving more sustainable levels of expenditure relative to revenues . " Like QPR , the motivation for Newcastle , currently 15th in the table , to bring in reinforcements was to ensure Premier League survival . And the arrival of the cavalry at both clubs is already starting to have an effect . France striker Loic Remy scored on his debut for QPR in a 1-1 draw with West Ham United , while Newcastle 's new French midfielder Moussa Sissoko dominated the game during Tuesday 's 2-0 win at relegation rivals Aston Villa , who preferred a strategy of financial prudence , which may yet backfire . Premier League survival is more important than ever this term , with a record-breaking television deal set to offer clubs and unprecedented bounty next season . "  Premier League clubs have been relatively restrained in their player transfer fee spending , in spite of the upcoming uplift in their broadcasting revenues of between # 20m and # 30m each from next season , " added Jones . "  Whilst the clubs ' total spending was # 120m , after taking into account transfer income , the Premier League clubs ' net transfer spend was # 70m . " The transfer window system has been in place across European since 2003 . In 11 January windows , English clubs have traditionally outspent their continental rivals , and the trend continued in 2013 . The second highest spending league this January was Italy 's Serie A , which spent roughly 70 % of the EPL 's total . The most high-profile of those transfers was that of controversial striker Mario Balotelli , who joined AC Milan from English champions Manchester City . Spending in France and Germany was dwarfed by that in England and Italy . The total amount spent in both countries was between 30 and 45 % of that recorded in England , with an exodus of players across the English Channel the trend during France 's transfer window . One Englishman who bucked the trend was soccer icon David Beckham , who joined Paris Saint-Germain on a deal which will see his wages donated to a local childrens ' charity .	English clubs topped spend during the January transfer window January is one of two periods of the year when European soccer clubs can buy players English Premier League teams spent $ 190 million on players throughout the month The figure is double the amount spent in the same period last year
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama called his acceptance speech on Thursday "  the American Promise . " It included a list of promises for change that he said , "  We need right now . " Sen. Barack Obama addresses the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado . Here is a look at what Obama said he would do , if elected , about a variety of topics : Taxes Obama said he would : • Cut taxes "  for 95 percent of all working families . " • "  Eliminate capital gains taxes for the small businesses " and start-ups "  that will create the high-wage , high-tech jobs of tomorrow . " • Advocate "  a tax code that does n't reward the lobbyists who wrote it , but the American workers and small businesses who deserve it . " • "  Stop giving tax breaks to corporations that ship jobs overseas " and "  start giving them to companies that create good jobs right here in America . " Energy Obama said he would : • Set a goal that "  in 10 years , we will finally end our dependence on oil from the Middle East . " • "  Tap natural gas reserves , invest in clean coal technology and find ways to safely harness nuclear power . " • "  Help our auto companies retool , so that the fuel-efficient cars of the future are built right here in America . " Watch Obama 's acceptance speech " • Make it easier for Americans to afford U.S.-built , fuel-efficient cars . • Have the federal government "  invest $ 150 billion over the next decade in affordable , renewable sources of energy -- wind power and solar power and the next generation of biofuels . " Doing so , he said , would "  lead to new industries and 5 million new jobs that pay well and ca n't ever be outsourced . " Education Obama said he would : • "  Finally meet our moral obligation to provide every child a world-class education . " • Find more money for early childhood education and recruit teachers with better pay while also pushing "  higher standards and more accountability . " • Make sure young Americans can afford college if they serve their community or country . See the highlights of the Democratic convention 's last day " Health care Obama said he would : • "  Finally keep the promise of affordable , accessible health care for every single American . " • Lower premiums for those who have health care and let those without coverage "  get the same kind of coverage that members of Congress give themselves . " • Make sure insurance companies "  stop discriminating against those who are sick and need care the most . " Labor law Obama said he would : • Provide paid sick days and "  better family leave " for workers . • Close the pay gap between the sexes . Bankruptcy law Obama said he would : • Change bankruptcy law "  so that your pensions are protected ahead of CEO bonuses . " Federal spending Obama said he would : • Pay for "  every dime " of his plans ' costs "  by closing corporate loopholes and tax havens that do n't help America grow . " • Cut federal programs that do n't work and improve those that do while reducing their costs . National defense Obama said he would : • "  End this war in Iraq responsibly and finish the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan . " • "  Only send our troops into harm 's way with a clear mission and a sacred commitment to give them the equipment they need in battle and the care and benefits they deserve when they come home . " • "  Rebuild our military to meet future conflicts . " Foreign relations Obama said he would : • "  Restore our moral standing " in the world . • Provide "  tough , direct diplomacy that can prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons and curb Russian aggression . " • "  Build new partnerships to defeat the threats of the 21st century : terrorism and nuclear proliferation , poverty and genocide , climate change and disease . " Abortion Obama said he would : • Work with people on all sides of the issue to reduce unwanted pregnancies . Gun control Obama said he would : • Uphold the Second Amendment but also keep "  AK-47s out of the hands of criminals . " Gay rights Obama said he would : • Help ensure that gays and lesbians have the right "  to visit the person they love in the hospital and to live lives free of discrimination . " Illegal immigration Obama said he would : • Pursue policies that do n't result in separated families . • Discourage companies from undercutting American wages by hiring illegal workers .	Sen. Barack Obama vows to cut taxes "  for 95 percent of all working families " Obama sets goal to end U.S. dependence on Mideast oil in 10 years Democratic nominee urges "  affordable , accessible health care " for all Americans Obama promises to end Iraq war "  responsibly , " finish fight in Afghanistan
Washington  CNN  -- There were smiles , laughter and tears -- but little politics -- when former Presidents George W. Bush and his father , George H. W. Bush , joined current President Barack Obama at the White House for the unveiling Thursday of the younger Bush 's official portrait . An emotional ceremony in the East Room saw the new White House residents thanking their predecessors for their service to the nation and for helping them out during the move more than three years ago . In personal tributes to the 43rd president and his wife , Laura , both Obama and the first lady expressed their appreciation for the example set by the Bush family during their eight years in the White House and the guidance and help provided during the transition . "  George , you went out of your way , to make sure the transition to new administration was as seamless as possible , " Obama said , adding : "  I 'll always be grateful for that . " He also cited Bush 's strength and resolve that reassured the nation after the September 11 terrorist attacks , and made sure to note that anti-terrorism efforts started in the Bush administration helped bring the signature national security achievement of Obama 's presidency so far -- the killing of Osama bin Laden . Opinion : Will history be kind to Bush ? The tone was markedly different from Obama 's campaign themes that blame the Bush administration for leaving the nation in economic shambles . However , Obama mentioned the economic turmoil at the time of the transition , saying that was a reason he especially appreciated Bush 's efforts to help make it as smooth as possible . "  After three-and-a-half years in office and more gray hair , I have a deeper understanding of the challenges faced by the men before me , including President Bush , " Obama said , adding that one truth is you ca n't make everybody happy . "  I think that 's something President Bush and I learned pretty quickly , " Obama continued , later noting that "  we may have our differences politically , but the presidency transcends those differences . " Both Bush and Mrs. Bush , who also had her official portrait unveiled , thanked the Obamas for their hospitality in hosting the event that included lunch with the Bush family -- including both former presidents and first ladies as well as former first daughters Jenna and Barbara . They also made a point of thanking the White House and administration staff during their eight years in Washington , and cracked jokes that caused the packed East Room to erupt in laughter . "  Thank you so much for inviting our rowdy friends to my hanging , " Bush said after shouting "  sit down " to cut off a lengthy standing ovation when it was his turn to speak . Bush quipped that he hoped the president will find reassurance because , when walking the White House halls at night mulling over a major problem , "  you 'll now be able to gaze at this portrait and ask ` What would George do ? ' " Mrs. Bush also drew a big laugh when she said in reference to the new paintings that "  nothing makes a house a home like having portraits of its former occupants staring down at you . " In the most emotional moment , Bush 's voice cracked a little as he said of his father -- the nation 's 41st president -- that he was honored the portrait would be "  hanging near a man who gave me the greatest gift possible , unconditional love , and that would be No. 41 . " When Michelle Obama rose to speak , she began by saying : "  I do n't think we have enough tissue to go around . " "  Jenna and Barbara , they 're just a mess , " she added in reference to the Bush daughters . The Obamas made a point of thanking the Bush girls for guidance they provided the Obama daughters , with Obama noting his two girls have followed the advice to make loyal friends and slide down the bannisters . The portraits by John Howard Sanden show Bush standing in the Oval Office , while Mrs. Bush , wearing a midnight blue gown , is in the Green Room that she helped refurbish . CNN 's Emily Schultze and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Former President Bush and his wife unveil their White House portraits NEW : The Obamas thank the Bushes for helping smooth the transition NEW : Bush jokes that now Obama can ask : "  What would George do ? " Obama has blamed George W. Bush 's administration for failed economic policies
CNN  -- A same-sex ceremony between an enlisted woman and a civilian woman on a U.S. Army post last month drew protests from lawmakers Thursday . The "  private religious ceremony " took place at Fort Polk in Louisiana in May , post spokesman Scott Stearns said , but he would confirm few other details . Rep. John Fleming , a Louisiana Republican whose congressional district includes the Army post , said the military confirmed to him that the same-sex ceremony was performed by an Army chaplain in the chapel . The incident was an inevitable consequence of the end of the do n't ask , do n't tell policy in September , which previously banned homosexuals from military service , Fleming said . "  The liberal social experiment with our military continues , " Fleming said . "  A same-sex marriage-like ceremony should not have occurred at Fort Polk , especially since the people of Louisiana have made it abundantly clear that our state does not recognize same-sex marriages or civil unions . " Rep. Todd Akin , a Missouri Republican whose office said has been working "  to protect traditional marriage on military bases , " said the ceremony was "  clearly in contravention of state law and also violates the Defense Department policies issued last fall . " "  It is very concerning that a same-sex ceremony would occur on a military base in a state where the definition of marriage has been clearly defined as between one man and one woman , " Akin said . Military personnel can reserve post facilities for private events such as weddings or other ceremonies , Human Rights Campaign spokesman Charles Joughin said . "  The sexual orientation of those involved in a private event should n't have any relevance to whether or not people can access facilities that are open to everyone , " Joughin said . Fleming and Akin both called for the passage of legislation that prevents military facilities from being used for same-sex marriages or marriage-like ceremonies . CNN 's Devon Sayers and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Army chaplain performed same-sex ceremony in Fort Polk chapel , Rep. John Fleming says "  The liberal social experiment with our military continues , " Fleming says Military personnel can use facilities without regard to orientation , group says
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel makes no secret that it sees Iran is its biggest threat but the scale of the threat is less clear cut . Israel 's recent military exercises are seen by some as a show of strength to Iran . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has not missed an opportunity to name Iran as the number one threat , and like his predecessors he has said Israel will not tolerate a nuclear Iran . Tests are ongoing for Israel 's arrow missile system , designed to intercept incoming rockets -- although Israel does not openly say which direction they 'd come from . Last week , CNN filmed Netanyahu aboard an F15 fighter-bomber jet while touring the Hatzerim air force base near Beersheva . He said : "  My biggest impression today is the obligation to carry out the mission of defending Israel . " Last month , two Israeli warships and a submarine made a rare journey through Egypt 's Suez canal . Last year , the Israeli air force tested its fighter jets and helicopters on a 870-mile sortie -- roughly the distance between Israel and Iran 's main uranium enrichment plant at Natanz . The official line ... Israel 's security is a continuing concern . The common perception is that some , if not all of these exercises were a show of strength for Iran . Estimates of when Iran could have a nuclear bomb differ widely . In February , the Institute for Science and International Security released a report that concluded Iran does not have a nuclear weapon but does have enough low-enriched uranium for a single nuclear weapon . But an official at the International Atomic Energy Agency cautioned about drawing such conclusions . The U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said Iran 's stock of low-enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium to be weapons-grade material . The official said in February that Iran has not done so , and the agency 's monitors and surveillance equipment at the Natanz facility would be able to detect any such activity . Dore Gold , former Israeli ambassador to the United Nations said , "  The IAEA has inspected the known nuclear sites of Iran . But it 's believed they still have other clandestine nuclear sites where they may be enriching uranium or they may be pursuing a plutonium route like the North Koreans . So there 's a certain amount of uncertainty in any assessment in the timeline of an Iranian bomb . Iran says its nuclear ambitions are for peaceful means , and Israel is widely believed to have nuclear weapons itself . But Israel 's Defense Secretary Ehud Barak , at a meeting with U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently , made it clear he believes U.S. attempts at negotiations with Iran have a shelf-life . "  We clearly believe that no option should be removed from the table and this is our policy . We recommend to others to take the same position , but we can not dictate it to anyone . " Efraim Kam , an Israeli analyst on Middle East affairs and author of "  From Terror to Nuclear Bombs : The Significance of the Iranian Threat , " estimates that "  theoretically " Iran could develop a nuclear bomb within the next year . But even if Israel 's conviction is correct that Iran wants a nuclear weapon and it is close to achieving that desire , does that mean it would use it against Israel ? Kam said : "  My personal view is that Iran would not do it because they understand that Israel does have a nuclear arsenal . It has to take that into account and because the U.S. will deter Iran as well . "  If you ask me , can you guarantee they will not use it , then no I ca n't . " But that question is a step too far for Israel . It is far more concerned with what a nuclear Iran could do to the balance of the Middle East and the likely nuclear race that would follow with many of Israel 's neighbors . As Gold says : "  What is a prime minister of Israel supposed to do when he sees that threat growing to his east ? "	Senior Israeli lawmakers have Iran top of the country 's threat list They believe U.S. attempts at negotiation could fall short Former diplomat says it is believed Iran still has secret sites for nuclear program One analyst says if Iran develops nuclear bomb it does not mean they would use it
CNN  -- Henrik Stenson capped his recent rise with a record-equaling victory at the Deutsche Bank Championship which propelled the Swede to the top of the FedEx Cup standings . The new world No. 6 carded a five-under-par final round of 66 to finish 22 under for the tournament , tying the record score set by Vijay Singh in 2008 . Stenson finished two strokes clear of American Steve Stricker at the rain-delayed event in Boston , putting him in pole position to collect the $ 10 million FedEx Cup winner 's check . "  I 'm just pleased I won here , " the 37-year-old told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  This was a big goal of mine to win a golf tournament after all those nice finishes . My family is here . I 'm going to see my kids in a little bit . It 's all good . " Stenson has enjoyed a fine couple of months . He finished as runner-up to Phil Mickelson at July 's British Open in addition to a third-place finish at last month 's PGA Championships . The $ 1.4 million victory , his third on the PGA Tour , saw him usurp world No. 1 Tiger Woods as the leader of the FedEx Cup standings with just two tournaments left of the series . The Deutsche Bank Championship is the second of four FedEx Cup playoff events . The top 70 players in the FedEx Cup standings will now progress to play in the BMW Championships , with the top 30 players then advancing to the series-ending Tour Championship . The player who finishes top of the FedEx Cup standings following the Tour Championship picks up a check for $ 10 million . Last year 's event was won by American Brandt Snedeker .	Henrik Stenson wins the Deutsche Bank Championship by two shots The Swede finished a tournament record-equaling 22-under par in Boston The win propels the new world No. 6 to the top of the FedEx Cup standings The winner of the FedEx Cup collects a check for $ 10 million
Trust me , the scandal-scarred former boy wonder said . No way , responded California 's highest court . The state Supreme Court rejected former journalist Stephen Glass ' request for admission to the bar on Monday , finding that he had not truly reformed in the 15 years since he made up facts in more than 40 magazine articles -- and then lied some more to cover up his misdeeds in one of the journalism world 's most infamous scandals . The court found that Glass , who works as a paralegal at a Beverly Hills law firm , lacks "  the good moral character " to be a lawyer . It simply does n't buy the disgraced serial liar 's arguments that he has changed . In a scathing 33-page opinion supporting its decision to deny Glass admission to the California State Bar , the court concluded that he failed to show genuine remorse and never fully came clean on all his fabrications and that his "  lack of integrity and forthrightness " continued even during his hearings before the court . Lawyers and journalists are n't highly regarded , although they usually rank a notch above lobbyists , members of Congress and used-car salespeople in Gallup 's annual Honesty and Ethics survey . Lawyer jokes to the contrary , the court insisted , "  A lawyer 's good moral character is essential for the protection of clients and for the proper functioning of the judicial system itself . " Glass , who has declined to discuss the case publicly , could not be reached for comment . His lawyer , Arthur Margolis , said he was disappointed by the court 's decision . He said there would be no futher comment . Stephen Glass wants to be a lawyer Glass , now 41 , was a rising star at The New Republic when he was exposed as a serial fabulist in 1998 . His editors investigated and learned that he had fabricated quotes and sources -- sometimes entire events -- in dozens of articles he wrote over three years for the magazine and other publications . The events of his rise and downfall became the basis of a movie , "  Shattered Glass . " Even while he was writing magazine pieces , Glass attended night classes at Georgetown 's law school . He graduated in 2000 and passed the bar exams in New York and California . Richard Bradley , former editor of George magazine , said in 2011 that at least three pieces Glass wrote for the magazine contained fabrications . He added that Glass was good at "  figuring out people 's blind spots . " Bradley said he forgave Glass long ago but added , "  Being a lawyer is a privilege , not a right . He can be a fully contributing , valuable member of society without being a lawyer . " Glass withdrew his application to the New York State Bar in 2003 when it became obvious he would be turned down . He applied to the California Bar in 2005 after he moved to Los Angeles . A bar review committee declined to find him morally fit to be a lawyer ; Glass appealed , and the California Supreme Court added "  In Re Glass on Admission " to its docket for 2012 . The State Bar Court argued that the past was not the issue : it 's Glass ' moral character today . The bar examiners -- the lawyers who vet other lawyers -- argued that Glass ' lies were so "  staggering " he had n't done enough to demonstrate he had reformed . "  Going to law school and living a normal life is n't enough , " Rachel Grunberg , a lawyer for the bar court , said in 2011 . The Supreme Court was not impressed with Glass ' arguments that he was sorry for what he had done and that he had changed . Nor was it impressed that he had won over a long list of accomplished people . "  Our review of the record indicates hypocrisy and evasiveness in Glass ' testimony at the California State Bar hearing , " the court 's opinion stated . "  We find it particularly disturbing that at the hearing Glass persisted in claiming that he had made a good faith effort to work with the magazines that published his works . He went through many verbal twists and turns at the hearing to avoid acknowledging the obvious fact that in his New York bar application he exaggerated his level of assistance to the magazines that published his fabrications . " Writing a book and appearing on the TV newsmagazine "  60 Minutes " can not be considered indicators of genuine remorse , the court observed . The court also noted that since Glass ' journalism career crashed and burned , he seemed less motivated to help others and more inclined to "  advance his own career and financial and emotional well-being . " Even his volunteer legal work was not particularly charitable , since all lawyers are expected to perform pro bono work , the court noted .	Stephen Glass is denied admission to California Bar Court says he lacks moral character to be lawyer Glass admits fabricating magazine articles in 1990s Glass , 41 , is a paralegal in Beverly Hills
CNN  -- Singer Nelly Furtado is trying to cross over in a direction many artists do n't ordinarily take . Singer Nelly Furtado says she enjoys diversity in music and broadening her fan base . With "  Mi Plan , " the Grammy Award-winning singer is taping into a brand new market and fan base , almost a decade after she came to fame in 2000 with the single "  I 'm Like a Bird . " While the Canadian-born singer -- whose parents are Portuguese -- has sung in Spanish before , "  Mi Plan " is the first time she has recorded an entire album in Spanish , a language she said she learned as a teen . It 's seems like a natural progression for Furtado , an artist often noted for diversity in her sound . A few years after her breakthrough , Furtado teamed up with superproducer Timbaland for her 2006 album "  Loose , " a collaboration that gained her scores of hip-hop and R&B fans as well , and spawned hits such as "  Promiscuous " and "  Say It Right . " "  Mi Plan " pairs her with a few Spanish-language music artists , including Alex Cuba , Juan Luis Guerra , Julieta Venegas and La Mala Rodriguez , as well as English-language artist Josh Groban . The first single off the album , "  Manos Al Aire , " made history as it marked the first time a North American artist reached No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart with a song that was originally written in Spanish , rather than a translated version of an English-language song . Furtado spoke with CNN about her passion for Spanish , why she feels like an artist reborn and the career path she hopes to take . CNN : What was the inspiration for the new album ? Nelly Furtado : There were so many inspirations . The language was the biggest inspiration . I 've sang so much in Spanish in the past , and also Portuguese . I get a lot of joy in singing in Latin languages . It expresses the Latin side of me . Watch Furtado talk about her new album " My parents were born in Portugal and they raised us in Canada . We grew up speaking Portuguese and then I learned Spanish at the age of 14 . I love being a multicultural artist , I love being a global artist . -LSB- The album -RSB- is almost like a literal reflection of that this time in the fact that it 's all in Spanish and it 's a completely original project written from scratch . CNN : So it 's all new ? Furtado : Yes . It feels like a rebirth of sorts . It 's almost like a parallel world where I get to reinvent myself again as an artist , but in a very whole kind of way . It 's been a lot of fun . CNN : You have such a loyal fan base . What do you hope they get from your latest project ? Furtado : Just because I have collaborated with so many different people with so many different styles of music that I think my sort of goal or mantra my whole career has been to broaden the minds of my fan base . This album is just an extension of that . I 'm an inclusive person and everyone is invited to the fiesta . I 'm excited because I am meeting brand new fans for the first time who do n't have any of my prior albums . Four albums in , it 's a tough job to try to attract new fans and I think that 's what I am doing with this new music . CNN : Did you consider it risky to do a Spanish-language album ? Furtado : I like to take risks . I live for risk taking and challenges . I just find it so much more exciting and it keeps my job entertaining and interesting . Everyone is looking for that next challenge at work . Everyone wants that extra credential on their business card . If it 's easy , it 's not fun . CNN : How is performing in Spanish different ? Furtado : When I express myself in Spanish or in Portuguese I feel very free . There are a lot of things you can say in a Spanish song that you ca n't say in an English song , especially from a feminine perspective . As a female , the moment you sing too passionately in English you are kind of labeled as an angry singer . In Spanish that does n't happen . You can be dramatic as you want and it 's accepted . So it 's liberating . CNN : There are a lot of Spanish-speaking artists who want to cross over into the English-language market . How does it feel to be doing the reverse ? Furtado : I think I 'm capitalizing a little bit on the inroads I have already made in the Latin world through working with other established Latin acts . I dabbled in Spanish on my third album . I had two records on there in Spanish and I really enjoyed writing them and playing them live . I 'm just going where my heart 's at and following the passions . CNN : What 's next for you ? Furtado : It 's interesting because when I got off the road from touring with my third album , "  Loose , " I was exhausted . I tried to write some songs in English and no inspiration really came to me . Then I started writing songs in Spanish and it started flowing , so this album has been like a medicine of sorts . I 'm so excited about music now . I ca n't wait to put out another project in English and further Spanish albums as well as Portuguese . The list is never-ending .	Nelly Furtado 's new album is sung completely in Spanish The singer worked with noted Latin artists on the project Furtado , whose parents are Portuguese , finds performing in Spanish "  liberating " First single made history on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart
CNN  -- Communities in northeastern Mexico found themselves flooded and isolated Tuesday as Mexico 's National Water Commission tried to manage high levels at area reservoirs due to Hurricane Alex. Servando Lopez Moreno , mayor of Miguel Aleman , Mexico , said that the water commission released water from the nearby El Cuchillo reservoir without warning communities near the river , which flooded homes and crops , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Miguel Aleman is located in the state of Tamaulipas , near the border with Texas . The mayor said his town was not affected directly by Hurricane Alex , but by the lack of coordination between reservoir managers and local officials . He said that the communities of San Antonio de Reyna , Mexico , and Arcabuz , Mexico , faced flooded homes , ruined sorghum crops and disabled work equipment as well as lack of electricity and phone lines , Notimex reported . There were no fatalities in the flooding , the mayor said . He asked for federal and state authorities to intervene to avoid future problems . In the neighboring state of Nuevo Leon , the effects of Alex were more direct . Some 40,000 Nuevo Leon residents were pushed out of their homes because of the storm , authorities said . The state 's ministry of health announced an emergency program that includes psychological attention to those affected , Notimex reported . The head of the health department , Jesus Zacarias Villarreal , said the psychological services were for those people with anxiety , nervousness and depression as a result of the storm . Alex stormed onshore as a Category 2 Hurricane on June 30 , causing at least six deaths in Nuevo Leon .	River rose because of water released from reservoir Mayor says officials did not give residents ample warning about release 40,000 residents in Nuevo Leon state remain homeless
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The patter of rockets from Gaza into Israel continued Wednesday , according to Israeli authorities . And an al-Qaeda linked group claimed responsibility for launches that occurred a day earlier . The steady drip of projectiles has irked the Jewish state , which Tuesday conducted its first airstrikes into the Palestinian territory since the cease-fire that ended eight days of raging hostilities in November . Two explosions outside of an Israeli city near Gaza led police bomb disposal experts on a search for new rockets Wednesday , said spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . "  We found one rocket that landed in the entrance of Sderot without causing injury , no damage . Luckily it fell in an open area . " Explosives engineers are still looking for a second one , he said . "  It is the second wave of rockets in the last 24 hours . One rocket was fired yesterday and landed in the Eshkol Region . " Israel Defense Forces said war planes accurately struck two terror targets in Gaza on Tuesday , but Palestinian security officials said the strike hit empty land , causing no injuries . The majority of rockets launched from Gaza lack precision and nose-dive into open areas in Israel . Defense minister Moshe Ya'alon lashed out at Hamas , blaming the Islamist party that governs Gaza for the rocket fire and justifying Israel 's military action . "  We will not let any fire drip down on our civilians or forces , " he said . Obama : ` Peace is possible ' Small groups claim responsibility Hamas has denied any connection to recent rocket strikes . The al-Qaeda affiliated Mojahideen Shura claimed responsibility for firing two rockets at the Eshkol region Tuesday , saying it was retaliation for the death of a prominent Palestinian prisoner who died the same day in Israeli custody . Retired Palestinian general Maysara Abu Hamdiya died of cancer at age 64 after being transferred from prison to an Israeli hospital . He had been incarcerated since 2002 in connection with the bombing of a Jerusalem cafe . His death triggered outrage among Palestinians , who accuse Israel of denying him treatment . 4,500 fellow inmates have gone on a three day hunger strike to protest his passing , according to a Palestinian prisoners ' association . Ya'alon stressed that there was no relation between Israel 's actions in Gaza and Abu Hamdiya 's death . Hamas has said a group called Khalid Ibn Al-waleed claimed responsibility for other recent launches at Israel , and that it has no connection to Hamas . Rockets from Gaza hit Israeli city during Obama visit Dust up with Syria Ya'alon also vented anger at the Syrian government in Damascus , holding it responsible for an alleged attack in the Israeli held Golan Heights , an area Syria claims as its own . "  As far as we are concerned , the regime in Syria is responsible for everything that is happening in its territory and will not allow fire to fall on Israeli territory without reaction , " he said . Ya'alon said the defense forces destroyed the source of the alleged attack overnight . READ RELATED : Israel conducts first airstrikes in Gaza since November , sources say READ RELATED : Hamas leaders in Egypt for cease-fire talks involving Israel CNN 's Salma Abdelazziz contributed to this report	NEW : Al-Qaeda linked group claims responsibility for some rocket launches Israel will not tolerate rockets from Gaza , defense minister says Two explosions outside an Israeli city sent police looking for rockets Israel blames an incident in the Golan Heights on the Syrian government
There are few certainties in American politics . But you can write it down : If Hillary Clinton wants to be the next nominee of the Democratic Party to be president , the job is hers . Joe Biden , Andrew Cuomo , Mark Warner , Martin O'Malley and the others in the long list of commander-in-chief wannabes will go about their day jobs for the next couple years , but at the back of their minds will be only one question : Will she or wo n't she ? Because , as the most popular politician in America -- who also happens to be married to America 's most popular ex-president and who has in place a nationwide network of donors , campaign staffers and committed supporters -- Clinton has the power to keep potential rivals from raising money or gaining political traction simply by saying , "  I have n't decided what my plans are . " She 's in control . That she should be in such a position at this moment is a remarkable achievement and an extraordinary testament to her grit , gifts and track record : She has been the most successful U.S. secretary of state in two decades . That outcome was hardly a foregone conclusion when Barack Obama made the bold decision to pick his former primary rival to assume the oldest and most senior post in the Cabinet . She had , after all , lost a bruising campaign to him , there was tension between her team and his and no reason to assume the two ex-rivals would work together . She had never run a large organization before . Beyond that , the United States was facing massive crises at home and bewildering complexity abroad . Many of the issues she would be facing would be new to her . Clinton was so famous already that she could easily be seen to be upstaging the president , something that would have undone her within the administration and made her look bad . Avlon : Can Jindal change ` the stupid party ? ' Her tour de force performance this week before Senate and House committees looking into the Benghazi tragedy illustrated how far she has come . In a charged political environment , she commanded the stage and deftly repulsed effort after effort by Republican partisans to shift the focus away from what the lessons of the attacks were and should be , turning aside their theories of conspiracy and devious motives for the missteps surrounding the event . She defended the president and revealed her character by accepting responsibility . She had already set the stage with her swift embrace of a blue-ribbon investigation into the incident and her acceptance of its recommendations for avoiding such problems in the future . She was helped by the bipartisan recognition of her extraordinary tenure at State ; her work ethic , miles traveled and commitment were praised throughout both hearings . Most importantly , Clinton clearly knew her brief better than any of those questioning her . When Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin attempted to score political points with a cynical line of questioning , she showed her strength and stature as a leader with a direct , unwavering response urging him to focus on the bigger issues at hand . When Sen. Rand Paul announced that had he been president he would have fired her , her response evinced an understanding of the issues and processes at play ; it was evident that only one of the two of them had any chance of occupying the Oval Office in the future . When describing the return of the caskets of the American victims in the Benghazi attack , she showed her humanity . Frequently , she showed the comfort with the setting that comes from her experience not just at State but as a senator . Opinion : Rand Paul vs. Hillary Clinton : Clash of the titans Clinton 's virtuosity in such situations is no accident , nor is it a surprise to any who have watched her grow , first as a senator and then at State . Having been tested as few have been by the extraordinary stresses she faced as first lady , she famously earned her stripes in the upper chamber of our Congress by being "  a workhorse not a show horse . " Her close aides at State speak with some awe about her hours spent immersed in her briefing papers , her questioning of her staff and top experts to get up to speed , and her political skill in translating her conclusions into actions . She has worked on forging not only a good working relationship with the president but also in building key alliances in the Cabinet , notably with former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and top officials in the military and the intelligence community . When the White House limited her brief and asserted control over key issues , from the appointment of ambassadors to a host of issues in the Middle East , she found alternative paths to make a difference . The "  pivot " to Asia was one concrete example of her success -- not as merely a policy concept but as an initiative made real by active , intensive diplomacy throughout the region . She helped restore U.S. relations worldwide that had been damaged by the bull-in-a-china-shop policies of the George W. Bush administration . She actively worked to reshape the American international agenda for the 21st century , focusing on emerging powers , new technologies and populations -- like the role of women worldwide -- long neglected by the U.S. foreign policy establishment . She led the way for the United States to be more active in Libya , to manage unprecedented international sanctions against Iran , to stand up to the Chinese in the South China Sea . Indeed , perhaps most importantly , at a time when the U.S. faced distractions and new constraints at home and a national desire to avoid military entanglements worldwide , she recognized that our greatest tools going forward would be active diplomacy and repaired alliances , and she restored them to centrality in U.S. foreign policy . It is a stand-out record , one that makes her the equal of the likes of James Baker , George Schultz or Henry Kissinger among our leading modern secretaries of state . What is more , she achieved her success by promoting a more humanist international agenda than her peers at the first ranks of American foreign policy leaders . At the same time , she maintained a centrist course more comfortable with the appropriate use of force than many of her more liberal colleagues in the Obama administration . Maintaining such a balance requires exceptional skill . To do so for four years under the conditions she faced is among the reasons she is so widely admired . Hillary Clinton is likely to be the next Democratic presidential nominee because she is the best-known active Democratic politician , because she has repeatedly triumphed over adversity , because she has made herself well-liked at a time that politicians are typically viewed with contempt . But she is likely to be the next president , the first woman to be president of the United States , because of the quality of her character and her work on behalf of the American people . With some luck she will use the next two years to restore her energy and prepare for what lies ahead . Because regardless of what political party in which you may find yourself , it is hard to deny that she elevates our political discourse in ways that few , if any , others do on the contemporary stage .	David Rothkopf says if Hillary Clinton runs in 2016 , she 'll likely be the next president He says she 's most popular politician in country , has political traction and funders in place He says she 's excelled as secretary of state , overcome adversity , shown political wits Rothkopf : Whatever your party , hard to deny she lifts political discourse like few others
EW.com  -- Kris Jenner worked her magic -- and familial connections , of course -- to land an interview with the typically media-shy Kanye West , the father of her granddaughter North . Kanye stopped by the set of Kris on Monday to tape an hour-long interview that will air this week . West , who welcomed his first child with girlfriend Kim Kardashian in June , opens up to Jenner about his baby girl , falling in love with Kim , and dealing with the press . He also addresses President Obama 's comments last month about how celebrities like Kanye and Kim have shifted the idea of the American dream . "  There was not that window into the lifestyles of the rich and famous , " the president said at the time . "  Kids were n't monitoring every day what Kim Kardashian was wearing , or where Kanye West was going on vacation , and thinking that somehow that was the mark of success . " "  Kris " airs on select Fox stations , including in New York , Los Angeles , and Dallas . Stay tuned for more info on when Kanye 's interview will air . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kanye West talked to his daughter 's grandmother for her talk show He opened up about his new child , falling in love and coping with the press "  Kris " appears on select stations around the country
CNN  -- Do you need to be a jockey to ride a horse ? Do you need to be a doctor to run a hospital ? Maybe not in all cases , but a new study suggests that you will be more successful in management if you have skills specific to your realm of operations . These days the trend is very much toward professional managers -- executives who swap industries as they please . However , in the rarified world of Formula One at least , it appears that it pays to employ from within . And with an average annual team budget of $ 173 million , there is pressure to get it right . "  Former top drivers , such as Jean Todt , consistently turn into successful Formula One bosses -- even when we account for factors such as the resources available to each team , " says Amanda Goodall of Britain 's Cass Business School . Webber : F1 's joker in the pack ? Goodall co-authored a study which discovered that F1 teams managed by individuals who know the sport inside out win twice as many races as their general manager counterparts . Examining all 18,000 F1 races from 1950-2011 , the study revealed that former drivers and mechanics are significantly more successful than those with degrees in engineering or who were managers by trade . Todt , for example , is now president of motorsport 's ruling body the FIA . Following a 15-year rally driving career and a stint as Peugeot 's director of racing , he joined Ferrari 's F1 setup . Having been responsible for bringing Michael Schumacher to the team , the Frenchman later became the Scuderia 's chief executive . While he presided over multiple world titles , his 2008 replacement Stefano Domenicali -- a business school graduate -- has struggled to repeat the success of the Schumacher era , winning nothing . "  We can see why comparative newcomers like Red Bull and Sauber are doing so well in Formula One . These teams may not have a 50-year history like Ferrari but they are led by hands-on experts with deep intuition , " Goodall said . Red Bull , formed from the Jaguar team in 2005 , has dominated the past two years with world titles in both driver and manufacturer categories . The Austrian-owned marque is led by Christian Horner , who started out as a racing driver in F1 's development divisions before running his own team in his mid-20s . Sauber 's restored fortunes have come since founder Pete Sauber rebought the team from BMW in 2009 -- though the 68-year-old is gradually handing over control to chief executive Monisha Kaltenborn , whose background is in law . The authors of the Cass report say the study shows that being a capable general manager may no longer be sufficient , and that employees respond better to leaders who have a deep understanding of their trade . In fact , a previous study conducted by the same authors discovered that hospitals headed by doctors perform better than those led by professional managers . "  From an early age , driver-leaders develop technical knowledge about the underlying activity of grand prix racing , " the F1 study states . "  They acquire extensive experience in formulating driving tactics , and are able to make decisions under time pressure and stress . This inherent knowledge and industry expertise may , we suggest , inform organizational strategy when drivers become principals . "  We also argue that former drivers may appear more credible to their F1 team colleagues , which extends their influence . Finally , because of a shared value system between the team and leader , driver-leaders may create a more appropriate work environment for the team . "	Study shows "  expert " leaders win twice as many F1 races as their rivals The study looked at every Formula One race from 1950-2011 Claims made by the study even translated into other businesses outside of motorsport Red Bull boss Christian Horner is an example of a successful former driver
CNN Student News  -- January 13 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What might a journalist look for when visiting the scene of a natural disaster years after the disaster happened ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What kind of animal is believed to be the world 's smallest vertebrate ? * * 2 . What state , also known as the Granite State , held the first U.S. presidential primary of 2012 ? * * 3 . What country experienced protests this week after a fuel subsidy was removed ? * * 4 . What U.S. city is waiting for a shipment of fuel that 's traveling on a Russian tanker through sea ice ? * * 5 . What U.S. national statistic now roughly equals the U.S. national debt , which is currently more than $ 15 trillion ? * * 6 . What U.S. city is hosting the annual International Consumer Electronics Show ? * * 7 . In what country , led by President Bashar al-Assad , did anti-government and pro-government groups recently hold rallies ? * * 8 . A ship that had wrecked last October recently split in two off the coast of what country ? * * 9 . Which international organization met for the first time this week in 1946 ? * * 10 . What country experienced a devastating earthquake two years ago on January 12 ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- A truck carrying nearly 400 sheep tipped over while on an Australia overpass , sending the helpless animals tumbling down on shocked drivers below , CNN affiliate Network Ten reported . The incident occurred Thursday night in Laverton North near Melbourne . "  We looked up and we could see the truck flip on its side and then the next minute , we were underneath and yeah , raining sheep does n't happen everyday , " said Kristy Davis , a witness . Hannah Sidebottom , another witness , said the incident was a surprise . "  I saw them coming down like a mountain of , it looked like dirt but obviously was n't , and then , there was nothing we could do they were literally on top of us , " she told the affiliate . Only one person was hospitalized , but the sheep did not fare as well . Less than 10 of them are expected to survive . Animal welfare officials said the road was littered with dead and dying sheep . "  They were confronted with a very horrific , very distressing sight , " the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said .	Hundreds of sheep die after the accident near Melbourne One person is taken to the hospital "  I saw them coming down like a mountain , " a witness says
CNN  -- As 2010 draws to a close , we who report on the ever-evolving digital space have been given the perfect backdrop for looking back at the year that was and the year ahead . In a year full of gray -- think of the debate over whether Facebook and WikiLeaks are forces for good or evil -- two high-profile attempts to make things black and white bubbled to the surface in the past few weeks : the federal government 's rules on access to internet service and its proposed "  do not track " registry for online advertising . Both represent a significant shift in thinking about the internet , even if the results for the average American are n't immediately obvious . For starters , an internet version of the "  do not call list " for telemarketers would seem to destroy the holy grail that online publishers and advertisers have sought since the early days of the Web : advertising directly targeted to individual consumers ' behavior . Although marketers have long used cookies to track your Web surfing , recent innovations have given them a whole new level of precision . Facebook 's "  like " button -- derided this year as a major privacy infraction because it exposes you and your preferences not just to friends but to advertisers -- has been installed on more than 2 million Web sites , with tens of thousands more adding it daily . Geolocation services like Foursquare , in their infancy a year ago , now track the whereabouts of millions of users . With smartphones growing ubiquitous and location-aware applications of all kinds becoming commonplace , advertising that knows both where you are and what you like is very much a reality . Most advertisers and publishers do allow users to opt out of such targeting , but the Federal Trade Commission believes that simpler , more transparent options are needed . The devil is in the details here : Opt-outs on obscure Web pages or hidden browser menus wo n't help consumers much , but in-your-face requirements that encourage more users to take their privacy more seriously may pose a huge problem to some of the Web 's most promising companies . Information and how it travels are also central to "  net neutrality , " the buzzword for unrestricted access to internet services and content . Rules passed this month by the Federal Communications Commission probably wo n't much alter the way you use the internet , but they pose interesting questions . For starters , as an internet regulator , would the FCC have the authority -- through its new relationship with internet service providers -- to block a site like WikiLeaks , which posts information potentially harmful to government interests ? Thus far , we 've seen the private sector self-regulate by cutting off services to WikiLeaks , but the new FCC-ISP dynamic could create intriguing  frightening ?  scenarios down the road as WikiLeaks intensifies its document dumps , which seems likely . Other internet issues that seized our attention in 2010 are at least tangentially related to this debate . A largely unregulated internet has created knowledge and wealth , but it 's also long provided a medium for predatory , abusive and bullying behavior . Concern over this came to a head this year , with social networking services taking heat for their role in cyberbullying . Perhaps the most prominent example of internet harassment came in September , when Rutgers University student Tyler Clementi committed suicide after a video stream set up without his knowledge showed his sexual encounter with a man in his dorm room . Although prosecution of cyberbullies falls out of the FCC 's jurisdiction , provisions in the net neutrality rules , such as the ability for businesses that provide internet access  like coffee shops and bookstores  to block content as they see fit , have the potential to cut off a readily available source of the anonymity that bullying thrives on . Of course , blocking access to the likes of Facebook and Twitter has negative repercussions too , especially as more consumers turn to these services both for communication and to share news and information . But like much of what went on in 2010 , that 's still a gray area , too . The reality of the year ahead probably falls somewhere between doomsday scenarios and an internet that continues to evolve for both consumers and big business . Information is coming of age , and the stage has now been set for some interesting all-but-inevitable conflicts that will probably be right there on the surface when we take a look again , roughly 365 days from now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam Ostrow .	Adam Ostrow says 2010 brought gray areas such as WikiLeaks and privacy issues He says new rules on internet access and proposed "  do not track " registry loom These raise issues for new year of who gains , cedes control on the internet , he says Ostrow : Consumer , business control , privacy , bullying are key in evolving information age
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Prince Saud al-Faisal , Saudi Arabia 's minister of foreign affairs , said Wednesday that his country had abandoned mediation talks to resolve Lebanon 's political crisis that caused the government 's collapse last week . Al-Faisal made the comments in an interview with state-run Saudi TV in Sharm el-Sheikh , Egypt where he was attending an Arab economic summit to discuss economic challenges facing Arab nations . He also described the political situation in Lebanon as "  dangerous . " Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah and Syrian President Bashar Assad have been personally involved in an attempt to resolve Lebanon 's political crisis , the Saudi foreign minister said . But when no agreement was near the Saudi king "  lifted his hands and kept away from the negotiations , " al-Faisal said . Meanwhile , Qatari and Turkish foreign ministers arrived in Lebanon Tuesday in an apparent attempt to pick up where Saudi and Syrian efforts left off . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabor Al Thani met with President Michel Suleiman , and caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri among other leading political figures , state-run Lebanese news agency  NNA  reported Tuesday . Following the announcement of the government 's collapse last Thursday when Hariri was in Washington for a planned meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama , Hariri stopped on the way back to Beirut in Ankara for consultations with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Local media reported on Tuesday that a gathering of " hundreds of unarmed men " from the two Shia parties , Amal and Hezbollah , had marched on downtown Beirut . Tension has risen in the capital since Monday , when the prosecutor in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri submitted his long-awaited results of the case . The Special Tribunal for Lebanon in the Netherlands has been investigating the February 2005 car bombing that killed Rafik Hariri , the father of Saad Hariri . In a statement released Monday , President Barack Obama appealed to all Lebanese factions to maintain calm and avoid violence . "  Any attempt to fuel tensions and instability , in Lebanon or in the region , will only undermine the very freedom and aspirations that the Lebanese people seek and that so many nations support , " Obama said in the statement . In his interview on Wednesday , the Saudi foreign minister echoed a similar appeal and added , that "  if matters come to separation and partition of Lebanon , then Lebanon will end as a state containing this type of peaceful coexistence between religions , nationalities , and different strata and this will be a loss for the entire Arab nation . " From CNN 's Amir Ahmed	Saudis drop effort to mediate Lebanon crisis , foreign minister says Turkish and Qatari ministers arrive in Lebaon
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's Luca Toni has returned to Serie A football on a six-month loan with AS Roma , confirmed on Thursday . The 32-year-old Toni is out of favor at the German giants after falling out with coach Louis van Gaal and is desperate for first team football to further his claims for a place in the Italy side at the 2010 World Cup finals . Toni was one of the star 's of Italy 's winning team in 2006 and moved to Bayern from Fiorentina the following year . The club 's official Web site www.fcbayern.de confirmed a move which had been widely predicted . "  In a discussion Luca Toni asked the board of Bayern Munich to loan him out to Roma until the end of the season for personal reasons , " read a statement . "  He wants , through regular games in Serie A , to still realize his main goal of taking part in the 2010 World Cup with the Italian national team . " Toni has not played for his national side since their poor showing in the Confererations Cup in South Africa in June . The Italian club said in a statement that Toni will be with them until June 30 , subject to passing a medical test . Toni helped Bayern to a league and cup double in his first full season , but since the arrival of Dutch coach Van Gaal has slipped down the pecking order and played just three Bundesliga games this season . He was fined by the club in November for leaving the stadium at halftime after being substituted in their disappointing 1-1 home draw with title contenders Schalke . Toni has interested other clubs in Italy and England , but set his heart on going to the capital club to impress Italy coach Marcello Lippi .	Bayern Munich striker Luca Toni to move to AS Roma on six-month loan deal Both clubs confirm move which is subject to a medical on the 32-year Italy star Toni wants to play regular first team football to improve his chances of making the 2010 World Cup finals Toni fell out with Bayern coach Louis Van Gaal and has played just three league games this season
CNN  -- Although Chris Brown faces just a misdemeanor charge , the singer has a lot riding on Monday 's assault trial in Washington . He could receive probation in the District of Columbia if found guilty , but a Los Angeles judge is waiting on the verdict before deciding whether Brown , 24 , will remain jailed in California . An acquittal would give Brown 's lawyer a chance to argue that he should be allowed to make his own way back to California for a probation hearing . Otherwise , he 'll have to go back the way he came to Washington -- on "  Con Air , " the federal inmate transport system . Planes , chains and automobiles : Chris Brown 's miserable trip to trial The singer 's trial is set to start immediately after D.C. Superior Judge Patricia Wynn announces her verdict in last week 's trial of Brown 's bodyguard , Christopher Hollosy , on the same charge . Wynn will also decide Brown 's case . Hollosy 's case was tried first so that he could freely testify in his boss 's defense about the sidewalk fight that landed them both in jail last October . He 's expected to say that he landed the punch that broke Parker Adams ' nose and that he did it because it was his job to protect Brown . Hollosy 's lawyer Bernard Grimm argued in the bodyguard 's trial that Adams , 20 , was "  simply trying to get rich " by accusing Brown and Hollosy of assaulting him . Howard University student Jalen Garrison testified in the Hollosy trial that she and a friend were posing for photos on the sidewalk with Brown when Adams , who is her boyfriend , tried to snap his own photo with Brown . Brown got upset , telling Adams , "  I do n't like that gay s *** , " Garrison testified . Brown lunged at Adams , hitting him the face , she testified . A limousine driver testified that he witnessed Brown and Hollosy hit Adams . The bodyguard pulled Brown away before throwing his own punch , he said . Adams did not hit back , he said . Adams , when asked to rate the power of Brown 's punch on a scale of one to 10 , scored it a six . Hollosy , he testified , packed a 10 . Adams , who said he earns about $ 200 a day working at a restaurant , acknowledged that he 's suing Brown , potentially seeking millions of dollars for the assault . The lawsuit was filed "  because family knew a lawyer in church and that justice should be served , " he testified . Brown 's mother and aunts , who live in Virginia , along with his girlfriend Karrueche Tran and rapper Bow Wow were in court Friday expecting Brown 's trial to start . Wynn delayed it , however , saying she needed more time than expected to decide Hollosy 's case . Brown 's legal troubles began five years ago when he beat Rihanna as the two were in a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . He pleaded guilty to felony assault in June 2009 , which resulted in a sentence of five years of probation and 1,400 hours of community "  labor-oriented service . " Brown voluntarily entered a rehab program a day after being released from a Washington jail in October , but he was kicked out a few days later for "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center , a probation report said . Brown was upset because his mother said she wanted him to stay in treatment , the report said . Brown proceeded "  to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to a letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . His probation was revoked in November , but the judge allowed him to stay out of jail by entering a 90-day anger management and drug rehab program . Although he completed that program last month , the judge ordered him to remain a resident at the Malibu , California , treatment facility until another hearing April 23 . Brown 's probation officer reported at a February hearing that the singer "  continues to make great improvement " in dealing with anger , stress and drugs , but the judge decided he could not go free until after his trial for an assault charge in Washington on April 17 . If he is convicted in that case , the judge would decide at an April 23 hearing whether Brown should complete his probation in jail . He was sent to jail on March 14 after he was kicked out of the second rehab program for rules violations . The judge said he was concerned about a "  provocative " statement counselors said Brown wrote on a card at the Malibu rehab center . "  I am good at using guns and knives , " according to a document read in court . The rehab program told Brown to leave because of that statement and two other rules violations , the document said . Brown refused a drug test -- which his lawyer denied -- and he touched elbows with a female patient , according to the document . Brown had been working on a highway cleanup labor crew in Los Angeles three days a week to fulfill the 750 hours of service remaining in his probation requirements , his probation report said . At that rate , Brown could complete the labor in mid-October and possibly be free from probation requirements by the end of the year . With his community labor work now on hold , his probation is expected to extend into 2015 .	The D.C. verdict will impact Chris Brown 's jail time in Los Angeles Brown 's trial to start after a judge announces her verdict in his bodyguard 's case The bodyguard is expected to testify he landed a punch that broke Parker Adams ' nose Brown 's Washington arrest caused his California probation to be revoked
EW.com  -- It 's been a good month for Quvenzhané Wallis ! Not only is the actress , now 9 , the youngest-ever Best Actress nominee for her role in "  Beasts of the Southern Wild , " but EW has learned that she 's in consideration to star in Sony 's upcoming remake of the Broadway musical "  Annie . " EW.com : Oscars 2013 profiles : Quvenzhané Wallis A studio rep stresses , though , that newly named director Will Gluck  "  Easy A "  and the producers at Will Smith 's Overbrook Entertainment banner and Jay-Z 's Marcy Media , which have been developing the project , have yet to make any casting decisions . The film had initially been developed as a potential starring vehicle for Smith 's now-12-year-old daughter , Willow , who dropped out of the project last month after aging out of the role . EW.com : ` Easy A ' director Will Gluck in talks to helm ` Annie ' remake The elder Smith recently told Temple University : "  Willow was supposed to be doing Annie , we got Jay-Z to do the movie , go the studio to come in and Willow had such a difficult time on tour with ` Whip my Hair ' and she said , ` You know Daddy , ' I do n't think so , " Smith said , adding that his daughter also told him , "  I have a better idea , how about I just be 12 . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Quvenzhané Wallis is in consideration to star in the "  Annie " remake A studio rep stresses that no casting decisions have been made Will Smith 's daughter Willow was previously attached , but aged out of the role
CNN  From a distance this may look like an ordinary tree , but get closer and you will discover it is actually a power generator . French company NewWind has created the "  Arbre a Vent " or "  Wind Tree , " a 3-meter-tall generator designed for urban environments which makes the most of smaller air currents . Operating in near complete silence , the wind tree consists of 72 micro turbine "  aeroleaves " that rotate in the wind , generating an estimated 3.1 . kW of power . While this is n't much compared to industrial-sized turbines , which typically generate in the region of 1 - 3MW , having multiple smaller turbines has its uses . "  Urban wind is not very strong , but it is very turbulent , " says "  Arbre à Vent " engineer Julia Revuz . "  These turbines need less wind to get started and produce around 3kW of energy , which could heat a small home , fuel lights or charge an electric car . " NewWind was founded by Jérôme Michaud-Larivière three years ago when he had the idea for the Wind Tree while taking a walk . He saw the leaves on a tree moving in the wind and started thinking about the possibility of turning that kinetic energy into electricity . The current prototype of the tree is steel and the energy made from it goes into the electricity grid and is used locally . "  We have n't yet optimized the structure , " says Revuz . "  We are hoping to make the leaves out of eco-friendly materials and for the tree to have as a low a carbon footprint as possible . " A 12-meter tall prototype of the tree will be on display from March 12 for two months at Place de la Concorde , a major public square in Paris . This prototype , which weighs around 5 tons and costs roughly $ 35,000 , is to be used as an educational tool and will aim to show the public the technology behind the structure . The wind tree will be mass produced for sale from March 2015 and NewWind says it has raised $ 1.15 million  $ 1.34 million  to begin pre-production . "  The reaction has been very positive so far , " explains Revuz . "  People do n't know how it works but they like it , they find it magical . "  There is a very negative view of wind energy , people think it 's ugly and it ruins their landscapes . Then they see the wind tree and they think differently . " NewWind has had interest from local government in France and Europe , as well as real estate agents and businesses that want to have the tree on their land . There are even talks about another demonstration tree in London next year . The Wind Tree may not be affordable and practical for everyone , but there are other applications that could be more accessible . "  Our technology is in the mini wind turbines  the aeroleaves  , " says Revuz . "  So we are developing other applications for them . "  Architects have been in touch and are interested in using them in their work , perhaps on the roofs of buildings . Mini turbines are cheaper to produce and buy than the wind tree . " Other ideas for the aeroleaves include rooftop foliage installed on buildings , foliage on roadsides and the smart balcony -- where the mini turbines are attached to balcony railings . However innovative , this is not the first urban energy source inspired by nature -- check out the "  Power Flower " and others in the gallery above . Watch : Windmill turns power into paint	A French company has designed an energy generator that looks like a tree The "  leaves " are mini turbines and together could power 15 streetlights
CNN  -- Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated Monday by President Barack Obama to be the director of the Office of Management and Budget , a senior Obama administration official said . Burwell , 47 , is currently the head of the Walmart Foundation , the retail chain 's charitable organization . The organization donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 , according to its website . If confirmed by the Senate , she will assume a Cabinet-rank position as head of the White House agency that assists the president on budget matters . While it may not have the profile of jobs such as secretary of state or secretary of defense , the OMB position is a central part of a president 's administration . One example of its importance is the rise of Jack Lew , who held that job before becoming White House chief of staff and now treasury secretary . The stakes are especially high now , with Obama engaged in a protracted , heated battle with the Republican-led House of Representatives about the size and shape of the federal government 's budget . The two sides have failed to reach an agreement to avert mandatory , across-the-board spending cuts -- to the tune of $ 85 billion through the next seven months of the current fiscal year -- that took effect Friday . In addition , a possible government shutdown looms at the end of this month . Boehner ` hopeful ' on preventing government shutdown Walmart CEO Mike Duke congratulated Burwell on her upcoming nomination , calling her "  a strong leader who both masters the details and has a clear vision for making big things happen . " "  She cares deeply about people  and  she understands business and the role that business , government and civil society must play to build a strong economy that provides opportunities and strengthens communities across the country , " Duke said in a statement . Beyond her more recent work in corporate philanthropy -- including as the chief operating officer and founding president of the Global Development Program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through 2011 -- Burwell has experience in government . She worked in President Bill Clinton 's administration under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , something that she has in common with Lew and Peter Orszag , another OMB chief in the Obama administration . For parts of 1997 and 1998 , Burwell was a deputy chief of staff to Clinton , according to her profile on MetLife 's website , where she is a member of its board of directors . She served as deputy director of the OMB between 1998 and 2001 .	Sylvia Mathews Burwell will be nominated to lead the Office of Management and Budget Burwell served in the Clinton administration , where she rose to deputy director of the OMB She had top roles at the Gates Foundation and is now head of the Walmart Foundation Walmart 's CEO congratulates Burwell and calls her "  a strong leader "
EW.com  -- The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced key dates for next year 's 85th annual Academy Awards . Nominations will be announced on January 10 , 2013 , five days earlier than had been previously planned . That means highly anticipated Oscar nominations will be revealed days before the comparatively boozier Golden Globe Awards , which air live January 13 , instead of after . Downton Abbey ' : Season 3 debuts in U.K. . The Academy also noted that this is the first time its members will be able to vote electronically . To help with the process , there will be assisted voting stations in Los Angeles , New York and London , and a 24-hour telephone help line during voting periods . ` Parks and Rec ' : Season 5 montage ! Here are the newly announced Oscar dates : Friday , November 30 , 2012 : Official Screen Credits due Saturday , December 1 , 2012 : Governors Awards presentation Monday , December 17 , 2012 : Nominations voting begins Thursday , January 3 , 2013 : Nominations voting ends 5 p.m. PT Thursday , January 10 , 2013 : Nominations announced 5:30 a.m. PT , Academy 's Samuel Goldwyn Theater Monday , February 4 , 2013 : Nominees Luncheon Friday , February 8 , 2013 : Final voting begins Saturday , February 9 , 2013 : Scientific and Technical Awards presentation Tuesday , February 19 , 2013 : Final voting ends 5 p.m. PT Sunday , February 24 , 2013 : 85th Academy Awards presentation See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Oscar nominations will be announced on January 10 , 2013 Nominations will now be announced days before the Golden Globe Awards The Academy also noted that this is the first time its members will be able to vote electronically
VERO BEACH , Florida  CNN  -- The Rev. Michael Massaro says he has a few aches and pains , but a good night 's sleep has done him some good as he recovers from being attacked Saturday with a knife in a confessional at his church . The Rev. Michael Massaro is recovering from two stab wounds that required 14 staples to close . It was one of the most harrowing weekends in the 28 years he 's been a Roman Catholic priest , Massaro said . But it wo n't stop him from hearing confessions . "  We 're at the mercy of the people we serve , " Massaro told CNN . "  We ca n't live in fear . God has asked us to live in trust . If it 's going to happen again , it 's going to happen again , but that 's not going to prevent me from doing God 's work . " Massaro had just finished hearing confessions in his Florida church when he was stabbed twice in the back by a woman who later told police Massaro is the Antichrist . "  It was paralyzing , like a nightmare , and I just feel like I woke up from it . It was so quick and sudden , " Massaro said in a telephone interview . Vero Beach police arrested Josephine Gatchell in connection with the attack . The 57-year-old suspect is being held in the Indian River County Jail . She is being held without bail . Gatchell is scheduled to be arraigned on June 12 . She has not yet been appointed a lawyer , prosecutors and the public defender said . "  She believed -LSB- Massaro -RSB- was the Antichrist and it was her duty to go there and injure him , " police spokesman John Morrison said . Massaro said he thought he had one last confession to hear at about 12:15 p.m. on Saturday . A woman was waiting for him , apparently wanting to be be the last one in . "  I was in the confessional , putting my coat on , and felt a piercing sensation in my back left side , " the priest recalled . "  I looked up and she was standing there , and I felt it again in my back . Then I realized I was stabbed and my hand was covered with blood . " Massaro said his alleged attacker stared at him but never said a word . "  I ran and got to the car and hoped I could make it to the hospital before I passed out . I was worried about becoming unconscious . Thanks be to God that I did n't hurt anyone driving , " he said . An emergency room doctor told police that the knife "  went through muscle , a few veins and chipped a rib , " according to an arrest affidavit . The blade missed vital organs by two to three centimeters , the affidavit said . Massaro underwent surgery to repair the damage . Doctors used 14 staples to close the "  T " - shaped wounds . The priest feels compassion for the woman who attacked him , and he is turning the other cheek . "  We have to continue to pray to do the church 's work . To love , and most of all to forgive , " he said . "  To be sure she does n't do this again , she needs proper medical care . No one in their right mind would do this . " It was the second run-in with Gatchell at Holy Cross Catholic Church , according to police and church workers . She was arrested in January , records show , accused of breaking off a piece of a religious statue inside the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament . She also allegedly resisted arrest and reached for the officer 's weapon . She was confronted by Deborah True , the parish manager . "  I took it away from her and asked her why she did that , " True told CNN . "  She said she did it because it was from her husband 's funeral , forty years ago , and Father Massaro stole it , and he was the Antichrist , " she said . Massaro said he recognized Gatchell as he ran from the attack . "  As I was running away from her , I realized who she was , " he said . "  She did n't make any efforts to come after me . I was still in a state of shock . " At the hospital , Massaro was able to pick Gatchell out of a photo lineup , police said . She was not at home when police went to question her , according to the arrest affidavit . Later , police received an anonymous tip that she was staying elsewhere . When police arrived , Gatchell answered the door and allegedly stated , "  You know who I am , and I know why you 're here . " Gatchell told detectives that "  she remembers going over to Holy Cross  church  ... and stabbing Mr. Massaro , " according to the affidavit . When asked what she stabbed him with , the suspect replied , "  It was a big knife , " the affidavit said . Police say she told them that the knife was in three different places , but it was never located . Vero Beach Police say that Gatchell appears to be a troubled woman . "  When you go back a second time , that raises more concerns . Her violence escalated the second time , " said police spokesman Morrison . And just for the record , "  I am not the Antichrist , that I know of , " Massaro said with a laugh .	The Rev. Michael Massaro was stabbed after hearing confessions Police say his alleged attacker called Massaro the Antichrist Massaro says he forgives the woman , who appears to be troubled Knife 's blade missed vital organs by centimeters
Washington  CNN  -- American voters under 40 share a simple reality -- for most of their lives , a Bush or Clinton has been President . The 20-year streak began with Republican George H.W. Bush 's inauguration in January 1989 and ran through two terms for Democrat Bill Clinton and then two for Bush 's son , George W. , until Barack Obama took office in January 2009 . Now the latest polling indicates the next presidential election in 2016 may again offer familiar choices . A CNN/ORC International survey released Monday showed Hillary Clinton -- the former first lady , U.S. senator and secretary of state -- way ahead of any other potential Democratic challenger , with Jeb Bush -- the former two-term Florida governor who is son of one president and brother of another -- among the top Republicans . No one can say for sure if either will even run , and anything can happen in the more than two years before either would actually get nominated . Poll : If not Clinton , then what kind of Democrat ? But if such a race happens , it would mean that at the end of the winner 's first term in 2020 , either a Clinton or a Bush would have occupied the Oval Office for 24 of the previous 32 years . Even Barbara Bush , Jeb 's mom , thinks that 's too much . She told C-SPAN last month that "  if we ca n't find more than two or three families to run for high office , that 's silly . " Family spokesman : Barbara was n't telling Jeb not to run Both candidates boast strong pedigrees due to their names and experience . The question is whether their political lineage will be a boon or a burden two years from now . The early thinking is that Clinton 's historic goal to be the first woman President better immunizes her from what analysts call possible name fatigue among voters . "  It is a good bet that women would propel Hillary forward , while Jeb Bush would be left behind , " said Wendy Schiller , a political scientist at Brown University . "  Both Clinton and Bush would be saddled with last names that incite mixed emotions among current voters , but she has a natural demographic constituency that he lacks . " In particular , "  women vote in greater numbers than men and there is an 11 % gender gap in favor of Democrats , which means that even Clinton fatigue can be overcome in a presidential election , " Schiller added . Hillary Clinton 's understudy waits in the wings A Jeb Bush candidacy would make its own history , noted CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  There have been plenty of presidential candidates whose fathers also ran for President , and a few whose brothers have been candidates , " Holland said . "  But if Jeb Bush throws his hat in the ring , he will be the first candidate in history who fits into both categories . Does that help because the Bush ` brand name ' is well known , or hurt because Jeb would be judged by the public based on things he did not do himself ? Historically speaking , there is no way to tell . " Jeb Bush on 2016 decision : ` Can I do it joyfully ? ' He said one difference between Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush involves final impressions of their familial White House predecessors . "  Clinton 's husband was fairly popular in his last year or so in office and that was n't true for Bush 's brother or his father , " Holland said . Incumbent George H.W. Bush got thumped by Bill Clinton in the 1992 election , due to breaking a pledge against new taxes as well as the third party candidacy of Ross Perot who got 19 % of the vote to presumably siphon off GOP support . George W. Bush had an approval rating in the mid-30s when his second term ended amid two wars and a recession . After generally refusing to acknowledge any interest in a White House run , Jeb Bush last week suddenly said he would think about it . "  I 'm deferring the decision to the right time , which is later this year , " he said . "  And the decision will be based on can I do it joyfully , because I think we need to have candidates lift our spirits . " "  Something switched in Jeb , " noted CNN Chief National Correspondent John King , pointing out that instead of distancing himself from the question , Bush now offered a timetable for a decision and a thematic basis that "  you have to be joyful , you have to get uplifted , you 've got to be optimistic . " His shift in stance coincided with political woes facing New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , the early Republican favorite now facing multiple investigations over suggestions officials in his administration abused their power . Frum : GOP race for 2016 is wide open The CNN/ORC poll showed a pack of potential GOP contenders in a statistical dead heat so early in the process , including former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , Bush and Christie , closely trailed by Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the GOP vice-presidential nominee in 2012 . As recently as November , Christie had an 11-percentage-point lead . CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger said Bush likely feared name fatigue when he decided against mounting a presidential bid in 2012 . "  So the question is , if you skip ahead , four more years , will there still be Bush fatigue ? " Borger wondered , adding : "  We just do n't know . " To Schiller , a Bush campaign would bring calls by his GOP rivals for fresh blood . "  You can bet that within the Republican Party , every other remotely viable candidate , from Paul Ryan to Rand Paul to Ted Cruz and maybe still Chris Christie will adopt a campaign slogan that calls for new leadership , and a brand new last name in the White House , " she said . Ryan : ` Not closing my options ' on 2016 Clinton , meanwhile , has her own political baggage that GOP strategists will attempt to exploit fully , including her husband 's affair with a White House intern while in office and the September 2012 attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans on her watch as secretary of state . Clinton spokesman says tweet was ' 100 % humor ' Hillary tweets viral Super Bowl joke , right blitzes back Conservatives relentlessly attack her over the lack of sufficient security in Benghazi as well as the failure to respond in time to save American lives . They also accuse the Obama administration of trying to deceive the American public by first blaming the attack on a spontaneous protest instead of a full-fledged terrorist assault . Clinton 's biggest regret at State : Benghazi Senators : Benghazi attack ` likely preventable ' Obama faced tough grilling on the matter before Sunday 's Super Bowl in a live interview with Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , with the President eventually saying that some people believe what he called the false notion of a politically inspired cover-up "  because folks like you are telling them that . " According to the CNN/ORC poll , 62 % of respondents approve of the job Clinton did at the State Department , down 4 percentage points from December 2012 -- a month before she stepped down as America 's top diplomat . "  If the election were held in 2014 , I think both Clinton and Bush would suffer from name fatigue stemming from an overall high level of dissatisfaction with government and all who have been part of it , " Schiller said , citing a recent Gallup poll that found 65 % of respondents dissatisfied with how well the government works . "  It is not a malaise , " Schiller added , calling it "  a more energetic level of discontent , and anyone viewed as establishment on the left or the right is vulnerable to it . " Bush 's biggest problem may be his own mother . "  I hope he wo n't , " Barbara Bush said in the C-SPAN interview about a possible Jeb run , reiterating the theme she sounded last year on NBC when she said : "  We 've had enough Bushes . " CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Paul Steinhauser and Dana Davidsen contributed to this report .	Familiar names are early possibilities for the 2016 presidential race Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming favorite among Democrats Jeb Bush is among the top GOP possibilities so far Neither says they are running , but both promise a decision this year
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican federal police have arrested a fugitive on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list , Mexican authorities said . Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco allegedly murdered his girlfriend and her two young sons . Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco is wanted in Elmore County , Idaho , on charges that he shot and killed three people , the FBI said . The charred remains of a woman and her sons , ages 2 and 4 , were found inside a burned-out vehicle on August 11 , 2002 , it said . Each victim had been shot in the head or chest . The FBI was still working Friday to confirm the identity of the man in custody , said Debbie Dujanovic , a spokeswoman in the agency 's Salt Lake City , Utah , field office . The Salt Lake City office has jurisdiction in the case . An extradition order was issued in January 2007 , the Mexican attorney general 's office said in a news release Thursday . A reward of up to $ 100,000 was being offered , the FBI said . Lopez , 33 , was captured in Zihuatanejo , a city northwest of Acapulco on the Pacific Coast in southern Mexico , the Mexican attorney general 's office said . Zihuatanejo is in Guerrero state , but Lopez was transferred to a jail in neighboring Michoacan state , officials said . The arrest came about after investigation and intelligence work by Mexican authorities , the attorney general 's office said . According to the FBI , Lopez abducted his girlfriend , Rebecca Ramirez , and her two young sons from her father 's house in Nyssa , Oregon , on July 30 , 2002 . The car he had been driving was found nearly two weeks later on a rural road near Mountain Home , Idaho , officials said . It had been torched with the three bodies inside . The suspect 's brother , Simon Lopez Orozco , and Simon 's wife , Maria Cruz Garcia , have been charged with accessory to first-degree murder , the FBI said . Garcia was arrested in California three years ago , but Simon Lopez Orozco is believed still at large . Mexican officials captured another FBI Top 10 fugitive on July 17 . Emigdio Preciado Jr. was wanted in connection with the shooting of two Los Angeles County , California , sheriff 's deputies in September 2000 . He had been charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution , attempted murder of a police officer .	Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco is wanted in Elmore County , Idaho , FBI was still working Friday to confirm the identity of the man in custody Wanted on charges he shot and killed three people , the FBI said . Charred remains of woman and her sons , ages 2 and 4 , were found August 11 , 2002
CNN  -- A small plane with an unresponsive pilot sank in the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday after circling above the ocean for more than two hours , then crashing , the U.S. Coast Guard reported . The twin-engine Cessna 421 remained afloat with its tail sticking out of the water for some time before it sank Thursday afternoon , said Petty Officer Elizabeth Bordelon , a Coast Guard spokeswoman . No remains have been found , and the Coast Guard still considered its operation an active search and rescue . There was no sign of the pilot , Bordelon said . The plane went down about about 120 miles west of Tampa , Florida , at 12:08 p.m. after circling the eastern Gulf for more than two hours , said Chief Petty Officer John Edwards , a Coast Guard spokesman . The crew of a Coast Guard search-and-rescue plane watched as the Cessna made what appeared to be a soft landing , Edwards said . A Coast Guard plane from the Tampa area and the cutter Coho were still taking part in the search Thursday evening , and the Coho was expected to remain at the scene overnight , Bordelon said . The plane took off from Slidell , Louisiana , en route to Sarasota , Florida , with a single pilot on board . It had been circling at an altitude of about 28,000 feet , a Federal Aviation Administration source told CNN . The Air Force began monitoring the plane after noticing it flying erratically over the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday morning , and planes sent up to investigate it reported the Cessna 's windows were either iced or fogged over , Edwards said . Pilots at the Slidell Municipal Airport said the victim was Dr. Peter Hertzak , a cosmetic surgeon who was well known in the area . "  I 've lost a dear friend , just a great guy , " pilot Bill Huete told CNN affiliate WWL-TV . "  Super doctor and just a regular guy that would do anything for anybody . " Hertzak was the head of the Hertzak Laser Center , which specializes in liposuction and cosmetic surgery . He had more than 30 years of experience , according to the center 's website . The Coast Guard plane and two F-15s from the North American Aerospace Defense Command were still watching the Cessna before it went down , the Air Force and Coast Guard reported . The Coast Guard said an investigation was under way . But aviation expert Miles O'Brien told CNN the circumstances point toward a possible loss of cabin pressure in the eight-seat , propeller-driven aircraft . "  At 28,000 feet , you do n't have an awful lot of useful consciousness without the support of oxygen or being in a pressurized aircraft , " said O'Brien , a former CNN correspondent . If a lone pilot is incapacitated at that altitude , "  there are n't a lot of options for resuscitating him and getting him back flying . " Fellow pilot Patrick Quigley told WWL that Hertzak maintained his plane meticulously and spared no expense to keep it in "  tip-top shape . " Quigley said Hertzak was an accomplished pilot and that the flight should have been routine , "  but when something goes wrong , obviously you have nowhere to go when you 're out over the ocean . " In 1999 , a private jet carrying golfer Payne Stewart and five others crashed after apparently losing cabin pressure "  for undetermined reasons " after takeoff from Florida , the National Transportation Safety Board found . Fighter pilots were sent up to intercept Stewart 's plane after controllers lost contact with it , and they reported its cockpit and cabin windows were frosted over . The plane flew more than halfway across the United States , apparently on autopilot , until it crashed in a South Dakota field . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Rick Martin , Devon Sayers , Aaron Cooper , Todd Spoerry , and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Friends identify the pilot as a well known cosmetic surgeon in the area The plane has sunk , no pilot found , the Coast Guard says The Air Force noticed the plane flying erratically Thursday morning Interceptor pilots reported the plane 's windows were fogged over
CNN  -- Mexico scored the quickest goal in Olympic football history to ensure five-time World Cup winners Brazil miss out yet again on an Olympic gold medal . It was one of two simple goals scored by Oribe Peralta which allowed the Mexicans to command a game which was littered with defensive errors by the Brazilians . Brazil could have pulled off a comeback when Hulk scored in injury time and Oscar missed the equalizer with seconds to go . Peralta 's record-breaking first goal after just 29 seconds of play was an early example of what was to come . Brazil 's defenders made the first of many poor clearances and the striker just accepted the ball outside the Brazilian area to shoot for goal in the bottom corner of the net with a low drive . The much-fancied Brazilians were in shock from the early setback and there was an altercation between Raphael and Juan after the goal as they tried to work out who was to blame for the error which allowed Mexico in . And they struggled to get the ball past a Mexican side happy to defend for the rest of the first period . The Brazilians had 60 % of the the goalscoring opportunities , yet they failed to capitalize on every single one . Neymar put a number of shots over the bar and he was joined by attempts by Raphael . Live blog : Olympic final as it happened Seven minutes into the second half , Brazil 's Neymar crashed into the Mexican goalkeeper in the area , but British referee Mark Clattenburg rightly waved away calls for a penalty . The Mexicans seemed to be spurred on in the second half by a series of poor clearances and they fancied getting another goal . Tiago Silva failed to clear the ball from his area and , luckily for the Brazilians , Marco Fabian found it tough to control the ball and his looped shot hit the bar . Peralta looked set for his second goal when he saw off the final defender in the box and shot the ball into the net . However , he was ruled to be offside . He finally made the breakthrough minutes later . As a free kick came in , he had an easy header into the right hand side of the goal from the center of the area as the Brazilians stood like statues . However , in an example of how much the game meant to Brazil , they tried to fashion a last minute comeback and nearly pulled it off . Hulk broke free in injury time with a great low finish through the goalkeeper 's legs to make it 2-1 to reignite Brazil 's hopes of saving the game . Moments late Oscar had a golden opportunity to equalize but sent his header over the bar . A near capacity crowd 86,162 people came to see the Olympics final at London 's Wembley Stadium . Whilst Peralta 's first goal broke the Olympic record for the fastest goal , it was not the fastest seen at Wembley . That was scored by Paul Chow of English amateur soccer side Whitley Bay after 21 seconds in May 2010 .	Defensive errors from Brazil allowed Mexican Oribe Peralta to score two easy goals Brazil missed a late opportunity to draw in normal time and miss out on a gold medal again Peralta 's goal is the fastest scored in the Olympics , but not the fastest scored at Wembley A near capacity 86,162 people came to see the Olympics final at London 's Wembley Stadium
CNN  -- John Donohue : Why the NRA fights background checks A more powerful NRA today is in no mood to follow the slogan of their "  be reasonable " ad campaign of 14 years ago . This relatively small group -- the NRA boasts that it has 4.5 million members , which is peanuts compared to the roughly 40 million AARP members -- might have the political power to pull it off . Federal law prohibits selling guns to felons or the mentally ill . Background checks are the only way to enforce that law . So , besides criminals and the insane , who could possibly oppose universal background checks ? Gun manufacturers . They are the ones who call the shots at the NRA , and they are the most important people in the opposition . The manufacturers do n't want anything that interferes with total gun sales and profits . Read more ... John J. Donohue is C. Wendell and Edith M. Carlsmith professor of law at Stanford Law School and research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research . Rand Paul : The government wants your gun rights Congress is debating legislation that will limit Americans ' right to keep and bear arms and infringe on the right to privacy . The Bill of Rights was made part of our Constitution explicitly to protect freedoms : the freedom of speech , protection against searches without a warrant , the right to trial by jury and the right to protect oneself with a firearm . I am compelled to stand up for every amendment and right enumerated in the Constitution . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is attempting to push forward with gun control legislation . The chief problem I have is that nothing in this legislation would have prevented the terrible massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . I am open to ideas that would help prevent tragedies , but this legislation would not have saved us from the national heartbreak of the December school shooting . Read more ... Rand Paul is a Republican senator from Kentucky and a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs committees . Daniel Webster : Give gun owners what they want The politicians called out by -LSB- Mark -RSB- Kelly and -LSB- Gabrielle -RSB- Giffords let the National Rifle Association bully them into thinking that gun owners do n't want key flaws in our current gun laws fixed and that you ca n't win elections without the backing of the NRA . The millions of dollars the NRA spent in unsuccessful attempts to win close Senate races in swing states with high gun ownership rates -- Florida , Missouri , Ohio , Virginia and Wisconsin -- suggests that candidates can and do win despite strong NRA opposition . The NRA portrays itself as an organization that speaks for and advocates for gun owners . The reality is that they speak for gun owners with the most extreme views and for the gun industry . A case in point is their opposition to requiring background checks for all firearm sales . Read more ... Daniel W. Webster is professor and director of the Center for Gun Policy and Research at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health . James Alan Fox : Gun control or carry permit wo n't stop mass murder If one thing is predictable about mass shootings , however , is that they will spark arguments from gun control advocates and gun rights groups alike . Both sides of the gun issue will probably view this tragedy -LSB- shooting at Aurora , Colorado -RSB- as one more example of why more or less gun control is the answer ... and both sides will be wrong . Tighter restrictions on gun purchasing -- for example , eliminating multiple gun sales and closing the gun-show loophole -- may help reduce America 's gun violence problem generally , but mass murder is unlike most other forms of violent conflict . Mass killers are determined , deliberate and dead-set on murder . They plan methodically to execute their victims , finding the means no matter what laws or other impediments the state attempts to place in their way . To them , the will to kill can not be denied . Read more ... James Alan Fox is the Lipman Family professor of criminology , law and public policy at Northeastern University and co-author of "  Extreme Killing : Understanding Serial and Mass Murder . " William Bennett : The case for gun rights is stronger than you think Many people agreed with me and sent me examples of their son or daughter 's school that had armed security guards , police officers or school employees on the premises . Many others vehemently disagreed with me , and one dissenter even wrote that the blood of the Connecticut victims was ultimately on the hands of pro-gun rights advocates . To that person I would ask : Suppose the principal at Sandy Hook Elementary who was killed lunging at the gunman was instead holding a firearm and was well-trained to use it . Would the result have been different ? Or suppose you had been in that school when the killer entered , would you have preferred to be armed ? Evidence and common sense suggest yes . Read more ... William J. Bennett , a CNN contributor , is the author of "  The Book of Man : Readings on the Path to Manhood . " He was U.S. secretary of education from 1985 to 1988 and director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy under President George H.W. Bush . Peter Bergen : Gun violence is a national security issue The proliferation of semiautomatic weapons in the hands of Americans of the types that were used in the Newtown massacre is sometimes framed as a public health issue in the United States . There is considerable merit to the notion of treating gun violence as a public health matter . After all , homicides -- around 70 % of which are accomplished with firearms in the United States according to an authoritative study by the United Nations -- are the 15th leading cause of death for Americans . But framing gun control as a public health issue does n't quite do justice to the problem . It 's probably more or less inevitable that most Americans will die of cancer or a heart attack , but why is it even plausible that so many Americans in elementary schools , colleges , movie theaters and places of worship should die at the hands of young men armed with semiautomatic weapons ? Americans generally regard themselves as belonging to an exceptional nation . And in terms of living in a religiously tolerant and enormously diverse country , Americans can certainly take some justified pride . Read more ... Peter Bergen is a CNN national security analyst and author of "  Manhunt : The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden , from 9/11 to Abbottabad " and "  The Longest War : America 's Enduring Conflict with al-Qaeda . " Dorothy Paugh : A mother 's journey to bearing grief I am a mother of three , and my views on guns have evolved significantly over the course of my lifetime . My husband hunts and believes strongly in his right to bear arms . But when my 25-year - old middle son Peter shot himself in a moment of despair last April , I came full circle to the harsh reality that there are almost twice as many suicides as murders by firearm across America , roughly 19,000 of the 30,000 gun deaths each year . Yet we disproportionately fear and almost exclusively talk of criminals in this national gun debate . My introduction to guns came on a hot summer day in 1963 when my father , 53 sent us all out of the house to have an afternoon of fun at a swimming pool in Aberdeen , Maryland . He called police , wrote "  I 'm sorry " on a scrap of paper and shot himself in our basement . He had recently lost his job . Not knowing how he would support his family , he had calculated how much his life insurance policies would pay upon his death . It was enough for my mother to raise the five of us , who were between the ages of 5 and 15 at the time . Read more ... Dorothy Paugh lost her father to suicide by gun 50 years ago . A year ago , she lost her son for the same reason . Paugh volunteers with the Maryland chapters of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and the Licensed Firearm Dealers Association . Paugh 's story first appeared on CNN iReport . Tracy Scarpulla : A mother 's journey to bearing arms I am the mother of three amazing children . Before having children , I was a firm believer that guns were dangerous . But I did nothing to educate myself about guns or gun safety . I feared the unknown and the danger guns seemed to possess . But after 10 years , I now have a gun in my home . Listening to President Obama 's news conference on Thursday marking 100 days after Sandy Hook , and the whole gun control debate , prompted me to get my viewpoint across . I married a U.S. Marine . He of course was a firm believer in his right to bear arms . This posed no issue until our son was born . I was adamant that no gun be allowed in our home , while he felt quite the opposite . We agreed on one gun locked in a safe , and his other hunting guns were stored at his parents . Slowly over the years , I became more and more fearful of being home alone on the nights he worked , especially after I had children . Read more ... Tracy Scarpulla is a traveling nurse and a mother of three from Albany , New York . For years , she was adamant about not having a gun in the house , especially when she had children . Her husband , a Marine , is a firm believer in the right to bear arms . Scarpulla 's story first appeared on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	This week , CNN TV and CNN.com take an in-depth look at the issue of guns in America CNN Opinion rounded up a selection of provocative op-eds from both sides of the debate John Donohue : It 's the gun manufacturers who oppose universal background checks Rand Paul : I am compelled to stand up for the Second Amendment to bear arms
CNN  -- American tourists heading to Mexico 's Baja California state in the future can expect more police protection from a new task force , according to Mexican authorities . Mexican officials want to make sure the tourist traffic continues to flow into Tijuana . Officials from the Baja California cities of Tijuana , Ensenada and Rosarito gathered earlier this week to announce the creation of the task force , which will be made up of bilingual officers and which will be designed primarily to serve Americans . The initial plan , according to Ensenada Secretary of Public Safety Cesar Santiesteban , is to create a force that patrols a 50-mile tourist corridor from Tijuana through Las Playas Rosarito to Ensenada in Baja California , which is Mexico 's northernmost and westernmost state . There were no immediate details as to when the task force would go into operation or how many officers would be in the unit . City officials in San Diego , California , said the city 's police force would extend help in ways that Mexican officials deemed necessary in getting the task force up and running , including training the officers . "  We 've always prided ourselves in our working relationship with our friends to the south , " San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders , said . "  When you look at it , we 're really one community . " For a region whose reputation has been tarnished by ongoing drug-fueled violence , plans for task force could n't come soon enough . Policing the drug war has proven complicated for Mexican authorities , including the military , and also hindered the tourism industry in Mexico . American travelers , who represented 80 percent of the country 's booming $ 13 billion travel industry last year , are a critical part of Mexico 's economy . In 2008 , more than 18 million Americans visited the country , according to the Mexico Tourism Board . In some areas , hotels and local businesses are struggling to recover from low visitor numbers , according to the Mexico Tourism Board . Tijuana Mayor Jorge Ramos said tourism in Baja California in the past two years has remained steady , and the task force was set up to create a stronger police presence for tourists . "  We 're here on this side of the border to invite you to our city and to -LSB- show you -RSB- we 're making a lot of things ... better , and to make some progress in our city , " Ramos said in a news conference in San Diego Monday .	Task force will be made up of bilingual officers ; primarily will serve Americans Initial plan is to create a force that patrols a 50-mile tourist corridor of Baja Region 's reputation has been tarnished by ongoing , drug-fueled violence $ 13 billion travel industry is critical part of Mexico 's economy
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of protesters unhappy with planned tuition hikes in Quebec took to the streets Tuesday afternoon in Montreal to mark 100 days of demonstrations . After a weekend of clashes , tension at first subsided because organizers of the downtown rally provided an itinerary in advance , as required by an emergency law passed late last week , police said . Still , the protesters , many wearing red , split into three groups , with only one column following the prescribed route . Montreal Police Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere said there had been no arrests in the afternoon protest . Police were unable to detain suspected anarchists who threw rocks and broke bank windows because they ran toward another group of protesters , he said . "  Luckily it 's been raining , " he told CNN . But some protesters wearing masks threw objects at police officers in another march Tuesday night , said police spokesman Daniel Fortier . Six people were arrested . Police had warned demonstrators three times that their protest was illegal , Fortier said . Police would not provide crowd estimates . Tuesday 's protest was intended to denounce tuition increases and Bill 78 , which requires organizers of a demonstration with more than 50 participants to provide written details and the route of the event eight hours in advance . "  The exercise of democracy has to be done without disruption to ensure that no unfortunate event take place , " police said . CLASSE , considered the most militant of the province 's three main student associations , has said it will continue to protest without giving police an approved itinerary , according to CNN Canada affiliate CTV . "  We are witnessing the biggest act of civil disobedience in Canadian history , " read one post on a CLASSE Twitter page . "  We have a rendezvous with history , and we wo n't miss it , " read another . Tuesday 's march was planned by a coalition of 140 community groups and unions , some of which said they 're heeding the new legislation . At least 300 people were arrested and 20 were injured in Montreal during weekend clashes between police and protesters , according to CTV . The movement began after a proposed tuition hike of $ 1,625 , which would be implemented over several years . Lafreniere said police have made about 1,000 arrests since the protests began . "  It 's day by day . It 's a peaceful city , normally , " he said .	NEW : Six arrested in evening protests Tens of thousands of students protest in Montreal The students in Quebec province are unhappy about planned tuition hikes Tuesday 's protests follow weekend clashes in which 300 were arrested
CNN  -- When you think of a cruise , what 's the first thing that comes to mind ? Lounging by the pool with a pina colada ? Overindulging at the buffet ? ... How about Garrison Keillor ? Your answer 's probably a "  no " on the latter , but maybe that will change . Themed cruises offer alternatives to the traditional sort  "  Saw " - movie themed cruise , anyone ?  , and a new crop leaves us wondering if steampunk and the Caribbean just might be a hot combo . There 's something for every kind of cruiser , as these seven sailings attest : Soul Train cruise The "  hippest trip in America " has become the "  Hippest Trip at Sea . " The Soul Train cruise has proven incredibly popular , and is already fully booked for the February 2013 trip . But do n't fret because there 's another one during fall 2013 . The February sailing leaves from Fort Lauderdale , with stops in Turks and Caicos , San Juan , St. Thomas and Half Moon Cay . All the while , guests will take part in dancing and musical performances by an impressive list of entertainers : Patti Labelle , Kool & the Gang and Jeffrey Osborne are only a few . The fall cruise 's lineup already includes Gladys Knight and Earth , Wind and Fire . Entertainment Cruise Productions , around $ 2,500 / person Ballooning events that 'll blow you away Paula Deen and Family 2013 Caribbean Cruise Have you ever wanted to sail across the Gulf of Mexico with the queen of Southern comfort food enjoying a barbecue dinner next to you ? Now 's your shot . The "  Paula Deen and Family 2013 Caribbean Cruise " ships out from Galveston , Texas , on January 27 . The seven-day adventure features stops in Cozumel , Honduras and Belize . While on board , guests will spend time with Paula , her husband Michael and son Bobby , playing live games  last year 's "  Newlywed Game " with Paula and Michael was a big hit  , attending a jazz brunch and kicking it all off with a dessert pajama party on the cruise 's first night . Paula 's recipes wo n't be served on board . According to the trip 's organizers , Paula says they do n't come out the same , but she will help with cooking demonstrations primarily led by Bobby and Michael . Rumor has it , additional members of Paula 's family including Uncle Bubba and Aunt Peggy will be aboard , too . We do n't know who they are , but they sound awesome . Bon voyage , y' all . Royal Caribbean cruise , starting at $ 1,477 / person Can Nicaragua deliver on huge tourism potential ? ` Saw at Sea ' Brave fans of the torture-thriller "  Saw " movie franchise can get up close and personal with the films ' stars aboard Twisted Pictures ' "  Saw at Sea " cruise . The ship sets sail August 11 from New York , and continues along the Canadian coast until August 16 , with stops in Saint John and Halifax .  The last six "  Saw " movies were all filmed in Canada  . The cruise departs soon , but there are still spots available . Actors Costas Mandylor , Anna Greene , Ned Bellamy , Dan Yeager  who was not in "  Saw " but will be in the upcoming "  Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3-D " movie  , Rebecca Marshall and Mark Rolston will join the summer cruise , and offer events like autograph signings , a question-and-answer session and photo ops . Guests can even catch a glimpse of the infamous "  Saw " Puppet , which will be lurking about . Want to "  play a game ? " Carnival cruise line . Starting at $ 779/person Steampunk Cruise and High Seas Ball The steampunk subculture got rolling in the 1980s , and soon became synonymous not only with science fiction and fantasy literature , but also metal gadgets , new technology and a whole lot of corset-wearing . Now the genre 's enthusiasts can make it maritime , with the first-ever Steampunk Cruise and High Seas Ball sailing March 16-23 , 2013 . Guests are invited to dress up for as many events as they wish , but save your steampunk-iest get-up for the Steampunk Duchess Of Nola High Seas Ball . The seven-day cruise will leave from New Orleans and stop in Grand Cayman , Jamaica and Cozumel . Guests can attend a Steampunk Film Festival and see a number of steampunk entertainers , including writer and puppeteer Mary Robinette Kowal , author Jay Lake and cellist Unwoman  Erica Mulkey  . Lace up , ladies . Royal Caribbean , starting at $ 889/person ` Prairie Home Companion ' cruise Let 's just get this out of the way : the "  Prairie Home Companion " cruise does not sail on Lake Wobegon . But for Garrison Keillor fans , the whole experience might just be above-average . This year 's cruise around Europe is sold out , but trip organizers say another is in the works in the next year or so . Keillor fans lucky enough to be sailing this summer leave from Amsterdam on August 18 with stops in Vigo , Spain ; Lisbon , Portugal ; Cadiz , Spain ; Tangier , Morocco ; then , Malaga , Valencia and Barcelona , Spain . Special guests on the August trip include Keillor , along with fellow cast members from the radio show -- Tim Russell , Sue Scott and Fred Newman -- and numerous musical guests , such as The DiGiallonardo Sisters , Bob Douglas and Richard Dworsky . There 's even a suggested reading list for guests so they can brush up on their destinations before sailing off . No word on whether Guy Noir will make an appearance . Holland America Line , starting at $ 1,400 Running cruise If you 're looking for relaxation with a side of daily physical exercise on tropical terrain , look no further than running-themed cruises like the Caribbean Islands Half and Full Marathon Cruise . The cruise touts itself as a trip "  with every type of runner and walker in mind . " Guests run various distances each day at the ship 's stops , and may complete either a full - or half-marathon distance by the week 's end . The ship leaves February 17 from San Juan , Puerto Rico , and will include stops in Saint Thomas , St. Kitts , Curacao and Aruba , ending up back in San Juan on February 24 . The company also does an Alaskan version of the trip , which left July 28 , and is planning a European trip on the Danube River for May 2 , 2013 . Royal Caribbean , from $ 807/person , not including race registration fee Gay Halloween cruise "  For the gay community , Halloween is our Christmas , " says Al and Chuck 's Travel , the company behind the Gay Halloween Cruise . The three-day cruise leaves from Palm Beach , Florida , and will stop in Port Lucaya and Freeport , Bahamas , from October 26-28 . Festivities will include a Halloween dance party and costume contest . And there 's still plenty of time to concoct one . Celebration cruises , from $ 119/person	From running to dancing to hanging out with Paula Deen , cruises cater to diverse interests Steampunk fans will have a chance to strut their stuff on a March cruise "  Soul Train " enthusiasts should book early for a themed fall 2013 sailing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced a 2010 Pentagon budget Monday that reflects major changes in the "  scope and significance " of Defense Department priorities . One of the high-profile programs on the chopping block is the Air Force 's most expensive fighter , the F-22 Raptor . The proposed budget cuts several traditional big-ticket items while investing in programs designed to bolster the military 's ability to wage an ongoing conflict against terrorists and other extremist elements in multiple regions at the same time . Gates acknowledged that parts of the budget are likely to run into significant opposition on Capitol Hill , where lawmakers are concerned in part about preserving valuable defense contracts for their districts and states . "  This is a reform budget , reflecting lessons learned in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Gates said . "  There 's no question that a lot of these decisions will be controversial . " He called on Congress to "  rise above parochial interests and consider what is in the best interests of the nation as a whole . " House Armed Service Chairman Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , acknowledged that congressmen have concerns about job losses in their home districts but said that ultimately , "  the national interest overrides anything . " "  The buck stops with us , " he said . "  We still have a lot of hard work ahead of us . " Three key priorities are reflected in the changes , Gates said . The priorities are a stronger institutional commitment to the military 's all-volunteer force , a decision to "  rebalance " defense programs to better fight current and future conflicts , and "  fundamental overhauls " of the military 's procurement , acquisition and contracting process . Among other things , Gates called for production of the Air Force 's most expensive fighter , the F-22 Raptor , to be phased out by fiscal year 2011 . He also called for terminating a proposed fleet of 23 presidential helicopters estimated to cost more than $ 13 billion . The proposed fleet , he noted , was originally projected to cost $ 6.5 billion . It "  has fallen six years behind schedule and runs the risk of not delivering the requested capability , " he said . Gates maintained that a new fleet of presidential helicopters will still ultimately be necessary , however . See a list of winners , losers and break-even programs " At the same time , he said he did not want to pursue a development program for a new Air Force bomber "  until we have a better understanding of the need , the requirement and the technology . " Gates did request 50 Predator and Reaper-class unmanned aerial vehicles by fiscal year 2011 , translating to a 62 percent increase in capability over the current level and 127 percent from a year ago . The Predator has been used extensively by the military in operations along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . Turning to the military 's overall troop levels , Gates proposed spending an additional $ 11 billion to complete a planned expansion of the Army and Marine Corps while halting reductions in the Air Force and Navy . A planned 547,000 troop increase , while capping the growth of Army brigade combat teams at 45 as opposed to a previously discussed level of 48 , will be sufficient to "  ensure that we have better manned units ready to employ and help put an end to the routine use of stop-loss , " Gates maintained . "  This step will also lower the risk of hollowing the force , " he said . Gates also proposed a reduction in the use of support service contractors from 39 percent of the Pentagon work force to a pre-2001 level of 26 percent . The contractors , Gates added , would be replaced with full-time government employees . To help create a more mobile , flexible force , Gates proposed boosting special operations personnel by 2,800 , or 5 percent , as well as purchasing aircraft designed to provide greater lift mobility and rapid transportation of those forces . Among other things , he cited a proposed increase in the purchase of "  littoral combat ships , a key capability for presence , stability and counterinsurgency operations in coastal regions , " from two to three ships . The Pentagon 's ultimate goal , he said , is to acquire 55 of these ships . Another $ 500 million is directed toward boosting "  global partnership capacity efforts " through enhanced initiatives for "  training and equipping foreign militaries to undertake counterterrorism and stability operations . " In what may prove to be one of the most controversial aspects of his proposed budget , Gates announced the cancellation or reduction of key elements of the Pentagon 's missile defense system , including the installation of additional ground-based interceptor missiles in Alaska . The proposed overall missile defense system budget was trimmed by $ 1.4 billion . A bipartisan group of senators released a letter during Gates ' announcement that urged him "  not to allow deep cuts in U.S. missile defense programs that are critically important to protecting our homeland and our allies against the growing threat of ballistic missiles . " "  The threat from ballistic missiles is significant and on the rise . -LSB- It -RSB- has been underscored by Iran and North Korea 's recent missile tests , " they argued . The letter was signed by both senators from Alaska -- Republican Lisa Murkowski and Democrat Mark Begich -- among others . Although Gates was initially appointed Pentagon chief by former President George W. Bush , his overall budget received what appeared to be a mixed reception from congressional Republicans . "  Republicans appreciate Secretary Gates ' effort to shape the Department of Defense so that we more effectively fight the wars our troops are engaged in today . However , we are concerned about the tradeoffs involved in re-balancing the Department , " New York Rep. John McHugh , the ranking Republican on the House Armed Services committee , said in a written statement . "  It remains the Congress ' responsibility to provide for the common defense , " he warned . Former Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , however , said Gates ' budget "  is a major step in the right direction . " "  It has long been necessary to shift spending away from weapon systems plagued by scheduling and cost overruns to ones that strike the correct balance between the needs of our deployed forces and the requirements for meeting the emerging threats of tomorrow , " he said . "  I believe Secretary Gates ' decision is key to ensuring that the defense establishment closes the gap between the way it supports current operations and the way it prepares for future conventional threats . " Georgia Republicans slammed President Obama for Gates ' announcement about the phase-out of the F-22 Raptor , which is assembled in Cobb County , Georgia . Rep. Tom Price , whose district includes the Raptor production facility , called the cut "  outrageous " and said Obama 's "  priorities are deeply flawed . " Georgia Sen. Saxby Chambliss said he was "  disappointed " in the cuts and accused the administration of being "  willing to sacrifice the lives of American military men and women for the sake of domestic programs . " Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , was also dismissive of the F-22 phase-out , although he said he generally supported Gates ' moves to modernize the military . Some F-22 production takes place in Connecticut as well . The proposed overall fiscal year 2010 Defense Department budget is almost $ 534 billion , or nearly $ 664 billion when including the costs of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . The current Pentagon budget totals slightly over $ 513 billion , or almost $ 655 billion including the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts . CNN 's Adam Levine , Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Budget receives mixed reception from congressional Republicans Defense Secretary Robert Gates calls for phasing out production of F-22 Budget reflects "  lessons learned in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Gates says Budget includes stronger institutional commitment to military 's all-volunteer force
Armed men stormed a boat off Nigeria 's coast and took hostage two mariners believed to be U.S. citizens , a U.S. official said Thursday . Pirates kidnapped the captain and chief engineer from a U.S.-flagged oil platform supply vessel in the Gulf of Guinea on Wednesday , the official said . Details about the crew members ' conditions and the condition of their ship , the C-Retriever , were not immediately available . Louisiana-based Edison Chouest Offshore , which owns the vessel , did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Travel by sea can be perilous in the region where the attack occurred , one analyst said Thursday . "  The danger there is extreme , " said Capt. Don Marcus , president of the International Organization of Masters , Mates & Pilots . Partial amnesty for ` boy pirates ' ? In the Gulf of Guinea , he told CNN 's "  The Lead , " slow-moving vessels servicing oil platforms are more vulnerable to attacks than cargo ships traveling off the coast of Somalia , another area that 's drawn attention for maritime piracy . The Gulf of Guinea produces some 5.4 million barrels of oil a day , according to Chatham House . And about 30 % of U.S. oil imports flow through the region , according to International Crisis Group . The oil-rich area off the coast of West Africa has increasingly drawn international attention as a piracy hotspot , with 40 pirate attacks reported in the first nine months of 2013 , the International Maritime Bureau reported . A high-tech hunt for pirates It also has been the site of the only ship crew kidnappings worldwide this year , with 132 crew members taken hostage . Seven ships have been hijacked , the organization said . Piracy in the Gulf of Guinea accounted for 30 % of the 1,434 reported piracy attacks in African waters between 2003 and 2011 and the pace of attacks has risen since then , London-based think tank Chatham House reported in March . Chatham House reported 62 pirate attacks in the gulf in 2012 , up from 39 in 2010 . The think tank says it 's partially because Western navies have cracked down on piracy off the coast of Somalia , on the other side of the continent . But it 's unclear whether any troops will intervene after this week 's attack in the Gulf of Guinea . Somali pirates cost global economy $ 18 billion a year The Nigerian Navy has directed its operational commands and bases to search and rescue the crew members and the vessel , spokesman Commodore Kabir Aliy said . U.S. Marines are in the region aboard a Dutch ship off West Africa . Military forces from the United States , United Kingdom , Spain , the Netherlands and five African nations recently held exercises in the region that were designed to strengthen maritime security , according to the U.S. Navy . "  We are seeking additional information about the incident so that we may contribute to safely resolving the situation , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters Thursday . "  Obviously our concern at this point is for the safe return of the two U.S. citizens . " Controversy surrounds Tom Hanks movie ` Captain Phillips ' Gunboats keep pirates from ` blue gold '	"  The danger there is extreme , " one analyst says of coast off Nigeria Two crew believed to be U.S. citizens were taken off a ship in Gulf of Guinea , U.S. official says They are the ship 's captain and chief engineer , the official says Before attack , pirates had already seized 132 crew in Gulf of Guinea this year , group says
CNN  -- Over the past few weeks some of the biggest names in world football have been guests on CNNFC . They include former World Cup winning defender Marcel Desailly , his French international colleague David Ginola and strikers supreme Ruud Gullit and Michael Owen . While from tennis , the legendary Boris Becker popped in to give his views as an avid football fan . Each week we 've been asking our guests to sign our CNNFC shirt and Champions League ball . Bid on the ball Bid on the shirt We 're donating both of these to UNICEF , and they will be auctioning them off to help fund their invaluable work in Syria . Syria 's violence has now entered its third year , devastating childhoods for millions of children . In refugee camps and inside Syria , UNICEF is providing children and their families with the basics they need to survive . For full details of UNICEF 's special CNNFC auction click here . Very soon you could be the proud owner of this prized memorabilia while helping UNICEF in their life saving efforts .	CNNFC shirt and Champions League ball up for grabs in auction Some of the biggest names in football have signed the items UNICEF will be using the proceeds to fund work in Syria
Mental Floss  -- Students , we know you may not be all that ecstatic about seeing your teachers -- and the homework they assign -- as the school year starts up . Pay attention in class , though ; you never know what hidden talents your teachers might have . Just look at all of these famous former teachers : After teaching and performing music , Gene Simmons is now starring in his own reality show , "  Family Jewels . " Gene Simmons : The tongue-flicking bassist of Kiss taught sixth grade in Harlem before he became the world 's most famous bass-playing demon . Simmons later revealed in interviews that his superiors canned him for replacing the works of Shakespeare with Spiderman comics , which he thought the students were more likely to actually read . Alexander Graham Bell : The telephone pioneer got his start teaching Visible Speech at the Boston School for Deaf Mutes . He developed a bond with a student named Mabel Hubbard , and when she was 19 the two married . Sting : Before he became a star with The Police , Sting taught English , music , and soccer at St. Catherine 's Convent School . Sting later said of working at a convent school , "  I was the only man on the faculty . In fact , I was the only teacher not in a habit . " Mental Floss : How 10 celebrities picked their stage names Robert Frost : Like King , Frost worked as a teacher to supplement the income from his fledgling literary career . Frost worked as both a farmer and teacher at the Pinkerton Academy in Derry , New Hampshire . His students called him "  the Hen Man " because the poet was afraid of chickens , and Frost allegedly had trouble remembering to milk the school 's cows on time . Lyndon Johnson : The future president got his start as a principal at the Mexican-American Welhausen School in Cotulla , Texas . He later finished his teaching degree and landed gigs teaching public speaking at Pearsall High School in Pearsall Texas and Sam Houston High in Houston . The debate team he coached at Sam Houston lost the Texas state championship by a single point ; Johnson supposedly had to vomit backstage before he could bring himself to congratulate the winners . Art Garfunkel : We ca n't speak for Paul Simon , but at least half of Simon and Garfunkel was really , really good at math . Garfunkel nearly earned a doctorate in the subject and was teaching math at the Litchfield Preparatory School in Connecticut when "  Bridge Over Troubled Water " soared to the top of the charts . John Adams : The second president of the United States spent a few years working as a schoolteacher in Worcester , Massachusetts . Teaching did n't suit Adams , who thought his students were nothing more than a "  large number of little runtlings , just capable of lisping A , B , C , and troubling the master . " He eventually gave up the job to go to law school . Mr. T : It was hard for Chicago students to be fools when it came to gym class in the mid-1970s . You 'd pay attention if Mr. T told you to do jumping jacks , would n't you ? Sylvester Stallone : Did you know you were watching a matchup of tough-guy teachers when Stallone and Mr. T battled in "  Rocky III ? " When Sly was attending the American College in Switzerland during the 1960s , he worked as a gym teacher to earn extra spending money . Mental Floss : Sly Stallone pudding and other unique celebrity products J.K. Rowling : The Harry Potter author worked as an English teacher in Portugal as she plotted out the early adventures of her young wizards . Andy Griffith : Before he was a sheriff , before he was Matlock , Andy Griffith was a teacher . After graduating from the University of North Carolina , Griffith taught English at Goldsboro High School . Billy Crystal : The comedian worked as a junior high substitute teacher on Long Island while he waited for his career to take off . Among the classes he subbed for : girls ' gym , which must have been a great source of material . Kris Kristofferson : The country star was a Rhodes Scholar who studied literature at Oxford before joining the Army and rising to the rank of captain . Towards the end of his tour of duty , Kristofferson took a job as an English teacher at West Point , but he decided against the professorship at the last minute . Instead of heading to New York , he resigned his commission and moved to Nashville in 1965 . Stephen King : Although he initially had to work in an industrial laundry after his college graduation , the horror master eventually found a teaching job that paid a cool $ 6400 a year at the Hampden Academy in Hampden , Maine . King wrote "  Salem 's Lot " while living in a trailer and working this job during the day . Mental Floss : Mojave Desert 's airplane graveyard Sir William Golding : The author 's experiences as a teacher helped inform the novel that made his career . He once allowed a class of boys to debate with complete freedom , and the classroom quickly devolved into such disorder that it inspired Golding to write "  Lord of the Flies . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some people who became famous , tried their hand at teaching first President Lyndon Johnson taught public speaking , coached debate team Art Garfunkel was teaching math when "  Bridge Over Troubled Water " became a hit Authors Stephen King and J.K. Rowling and singer Sting all taught English
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The death toll has risen to six following an attack on a Kenyan bus station that left dozens wounded , the Red Cross said Sunday . At least 68 people are undergoing treatment at a Nairobi hospital , according to the agency . The explosions , which authorities believe are grenade attacks , occurred Saturday at a normally-crowded bus station in central Nairobi . "  We still need to complete investigations and we can not immediately confirm who did this , but we highly suspect that it is Al-Shabaab or sympathizers of Al-Shabaab , " said Charles Owino , the police deputy spokesman . "  Eyewitnesses say that grenades were thrown from a vehicle and the suspected perpetrators fled from the scene . " There have been several instances of grenade attacks at bus stations and at a bar in Nairobi in recent months . One person was killed and 20 injured in October when an attacker hurled grenades into a bar and a bus station . In that attack , a Kenyan man pleaded guilty to being a member of the Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab and was charged with causing grievous bodily harm . The East African nation has been on edge since it sent its troops into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab militants after the abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya . It blames the abductions on Al-Shabaab , which has denied involvement . Al-Shabaab , which the U.S. considers a terror group , has threatened to attack Kenya if it does not withdraw its forces from Somalia .	NEW : At least 68 others are injured NEW : Police suspect Al-Shabaab or sympathizers of Al-Shabaab Grenade attacks have rocked Nairobi in recent months
In his re-election pitch , the likely incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vowed to repeal Obamacare , saying the law should be pulled out "  root and branch . " But now ? The Kentucky Republican is singing quite a different tune . "  We may have that vote , " McConnell said of repealing President Barack Obama 's signature health care law on Fox News Thursday . "  But I do n't think that there 's six Democrats that are going to vote with 54 Republicans and pass it . " Instead , McConnell suggested that an upcoming Supreme Court ruling may be the best way to undermine the law to the point of collapse . "  The Supreme Court could well decide that we get a second chance , "  he said . The case , King v. Burwell , places at issue whether federal subsidies for purchasing health insurance can be made available to qualified individuals purchasing coverage in states lacking their own marketplaces , or exchanges . Asked in the interview what would happen if the Supreme Court rules against allowing the subsidies , McConnell replied , "  I think it 's on its way to collapse , yeah . " What would happen next ? "  We go back and do it right , " McConnell said . The court is expected to rule on the case in June .	Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell says he "  may " hold an Obamacare repeal vote But McConnell campaigned on repealing the law "  root and branch " in order to win re-election He says the law will more likely be undermined by an upcoming Supreme Court decision
CNN  -- Last week , while most of the western world was focused on the approaching presidential election in the United States and a potentially disastrous hurricane making landfall in New Orleans , a group of seemingly small nations gathered on the Island of Rarotonga and changed the world . At the Pacific Islands Forum in the Cook Islands , 16 countries that when combined make up a tiny fraction of the world 's land , came together and made some of the largest ocean commitments in history towards the sustainable management of their oceans , which conversely make up an immense 10 % of the world 's ocean area . In the last day of proceedings , United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , an observer at the forum , pledged to deepen the U.S. relationship in the region by strengthening its conservation commitment between the Phoenix Islands Protected Area  PIPA  and the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument  PRIMNM  . Just before that news broke ; the government of New Caledonia announced their intention to establish a 540,500 square mile marine protected area in their portion of the Coral Sea . But the most immediate and groundbreaking announcement came from the host country , the Cook Islands that unveiled a brand new marine park . At 386,000 square miles , it is equal in size to Egypt , is half of the nation 's territory , and the largest marine park in the world . Such a marine park is even more incredible when you consider the relative scale of the commitment ; the Cook Islands have a population of only 15,000 people , but an exclusive economic zone half the size of India . Imagine any other country setting aside a full half of their sovereign territory for conservation , recovery and sustainable development . It 's unprecedented . This immense ocean-to-land ratio is shared by most "  small island nations " in the Pacific â $ " which should more accurately be called "  large ocean states . " This has been a stance and mentality that the leaders in the Pacific Islands have been cultivating . Two years ago , the forum leaders recognized the need to create a framework to unite their approach and their voice to manage their vital ocean resources . They unanimously agreed upon the concept of the Pacific Oceanscape , an unprecedented collaborative initiative encompassing nearly 40 million square miles of the Pacific Ocean and its islands . The Pacific Oceanscape hosts the world 's largest remaining stocks of tuna , providing approximately one third of the world 's catch , and is also the region that is first to see the environmental impacts on the ocean . The Pacific people are counting on developed nations to come together to reverse the threats of climate change and rising seas , which are already impacting these low-lying islands and vibrant cultures . I have been involved in conservation in this region for more than a decade . I first visited the Phoenix Islands with an expeditionary team to survey the islands in 2000 and returned in 2002 to conduct a second survey of the islands . The condition of the reefs and the quantities of fish and invertebrates mesmerized us . The most remarkable element for me was the large numbers of sharks , indicative of a healthy reef system . The experience left me in awe -- and gave us the inspiration to work to protect such a remarkable place . In 2006 , I was proud to work with the government of Kiribati to establish the Phoenix Island Protected Area . With Conservation International 's support PIPA was officially declared that year , codified by parliamentary law in 2008 and inscribed as the world 's largest World Heritage Site in 2009 . A few years later I joined Conservation International full time and have been able to continue its near two-decade-old efforts to support societies as they move forward on this sustainable development path and to help push forward the expansion of commitments to the Pacific Oceanscape . We have been fortunate to work closely with leaders and regional institutions to develop the Pacific Oceanscape initiative and are proud to have the global marine pioneer and innovator President Anote Tong of Kiribati as a Member of Conservation International 's Board . We 've also acted as advisors to the development of the Cook Islands Marine Park , the influence of which will be felt far beyond the Cook Islands . The park is the largest commitment ever made to the Pacific Oceanscape and as such will be a central feature of the framework . Every year for the past three years the Pacific Islands Forum has yielded further commitments to the management and protection of the natural resources the Pacific provides . After its close , I can see that the 2012 forum has provided the most ambitious international measures for ocean conservation the world has ever seen . I hope the waves of these monumental commitments are felt around the world and inspire other nations and regions towards such great goals . I ca n't wait to see how they top it in 2013 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Greg Stone	Pacific Islands Forum saw new commitments to ocean protection Cook Islands created marine park the size of Egypt New Caledonia protected its portion of the Coral Sea 16 Pacific island nations manage 10 % of world 's oceans
Reports that Syrian warplanes carried out a cross-border attack on Iraqi towns this week is further evidence of the blurring between the two countries ' borders as they face an offensive by Islamic extremists . At least 57 Iraqi civilians were killed and more than 120 others were wounded by what local officials say were Syrian warplanes that struck several border areas of Anbar province Tuesday . These border cities are among those under the control of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , which seeks to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses portions of Iraq in Syria . MAPS : How to understand the crisis Reports of the Syrian incursion into Iraq is a reminder that the civil war in Syria and the unrest in Iraq are not isolated , but linked in ways that threaten the security of both . Sabah Karkhout , head of Iraq 's Anbar provincial council , told CNN that Tuesday 's air attacks struck markets and fuel stations in areas such as Rutba , al-Walid and Al-Qaim . "  Unfortunately ,  the  Syrian regime carried out barbarian attacks against civilians in Anbar province , " he said Wednesday . Karkhout said he was certain the warplanes were Syrian because they bore the image of the Syrian flag . "  Also , the planes flew directly from Syrian airspace and went back to Syria , " he said . Local officials said residents used scopes and other equipment to see details on the warplanes . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , denied reports that Syrian warplanes struck inside Iraq 's border towns . "  We know our airspace . We have not recorded or registered infiltration of our air space from foreign jets , and all the warplanes and helicopters flying over Iraq airspace are Iraqis , " he told CNN . The head of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov , told reporters Wednesday that the warplanes that bombed the Iraqi cities were not Iraqi jets , but he did not have information beyond that . Syrian state media called the reports of a cross-border incursion "  completely baseless " allegations made by "  malicious media outlets , " citing a "  Syrian media source . " CNN is seeking a response from the Syrian government in Damascus . Iraq 's border region has been targeted by Syria in the past -- as the Syrian conflict escalated in 2012 , there was at least one instance where rockets fired from Syria landed in Al-Qaim . Iraq 's Foreign Ministry said at the time that it was ready to respond in the event of additional attacks from Syria , but the Iraqi government was noticeably quiet after Tuesday 's incursion . The claims come as Iraqi forces continue fighting radical Sunni militants from ISIS . Inside Syria , the government , for the most part , appears to have avoided directly targeting ISIS , even though the group 's positions are well known . Only in the last week did the Syrian regime intensify strikes on Raqqa , a city in Syria 's interior that is considered ISIS 's headquarters . Warplanes carried out seven raids on Raqqa on Wednesday , killing at least 12 people , including a woman and child , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Whether the strikes signify a concerted effort by Syria to intensify its fight against ISIS is yet to be seen . It is also unclear whether the Syrian strikes in Iraq were a unilateral action or were coordinated with the Iraqi government . Al-Maliki slams Sunnis The sectarian rift in Iraq may have widened Wednesday when Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki blamed his political rivals for "  coordinating " the crisis . Al-Maliki , a Shiite , accused Sunnis of collaborating with militants and slammed the call to have a national salvation government that would remove him from power . "  Iraq is facing a cross-border terrorist attack that is supported by some neighboring countries , " al-Maliki said in a televised speech . He appealed to his Shia constituency by saying he is adhering to the wishes of Shiite religious leader Ali Sistani , who called for volunteers to support the Iraqi army and government . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry downplayed al-Maliki 's rejection of a salvation government , saying it was n't something the United States had talked to him about specifically . To the contrary , he said al-Maliki , is committed to the electoral process and creation of a new government that the United States has supported . "  And he committed to moving forward with the constitutional processes of government formation , and that is precisely what the United States was encouraging , " Kerry said . "  He also called on all Iraqis to put aside their differences , to unite in their efforts against terrorism . " Meanwhile , a U.S. official told CNN that Iran is flying surveillance drones over Iraq . It 's not known from where they are being launched . Iran is believed to be providing small arms and ammunition to Iraq , as well as providing intelligence to al-Maliki 's government , the official said . Is Baghdad ready for an ISIS attack ? Meanwhile , on the outskirts of Baghdad , the eerie emptiness of a major highway raises questions about whether the capital would be prepared for a militant invasion . The Iraqi military insists it 's ready to beat back ISIS if the fighters reach Baghdad . A post-battle video purportedly shows army forces celebrating a victory over ISIS just west of Baghdad . The bodies of two militants are draped over the hood of a Humvee . "  Look at those ISIS ! We killed them ! " one man says in the video . But the opponents are formidable . ISIS fighters have captured cities and towns across Iraq in its effort to create an Islamic state . And the highway from Baghdad to Abu Ghraib in Anbar province showed few signs of readiness for ISIS . No tanks or big guns could be seen , CNN 's Nic Robertson said . What used to be a thriving roadside marketplace now looks like a deserted wasteland . It 's unclear what lies farther down the highway , but images on the Internet suggest a dire situation . Photos posted by ISIS show two soldiers sitting cross-legged on the ground , guns pointed at their heads . At least six civilians were killed and 21 wounded Wednesday when an Iraqi military helicopter fired two rockets on a mosque and nearby house in central Ana , in Anbar province , according to police and health officials . Most of the injured were children , who were attending a course on the Quran inside the targeted mosque , the officials said . At least 12 people were killed and 46 others were wounded when a suicide bomber exploded in a popular coffee shop in Mahmoudiya , south of Baghdad , followed by several mortar rounds attacked several locations nearby . At least four people were killed and 11 others were wounded when a car bomb exploded in an outdoor market in Rahimawa in northern Kirkuk , police officials in Kirkuk told CNN . Who has what ? Maj. Gen Atta said security forces had regained control of two key border crossings after briefly losing them to the militants . Atta said Iraqi forces , aided by Sunni tribes , retook al-Walid , which connects Iraq with Syria . He also said Iraqi forces regained the Trebil border crossing between Iraq and Jordan . He also said that all towns between Samarra and Baghdad , 80 miles  129 kilometers  to the south , are in the hands of Iraqi security forces . But large swaths of Iraq , particularly in the north and west , have fallen from government control to the hands of ISIS . U.S. officials say they think ISIS now has as many as 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria . But is unknown , officials say , exactly how many are in Iraq because it 's not clear how many go back and forth across the Syrian border and how many loyalists have joined ISIS as it has taken over various towns . The spread of ISIS Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh said he fears the strength of radical militants could spill further across borders . "  We 've been saying for a while that the rise and spread of extremism and the politics of exclusivity will threaten the security of the entire region , " Judeh told CNN 's Becky Anderson . "  The root cause of ethnic and sectarian division , the root cause of instability and the rise and spread of terrorism and extremism has to be addressed . " MAPS : How to understand the crisis Facebook looks to block ISIS clothing sales Kerry : ` Words are cheap ' but promising in Iraq	Iraq denies Syrian planes attacked border towns Local official says warplanes hit markets and fuel stations U.S. official says Iran is flying surveillance drones over Iraq Prime Minister slams Sunnis and the call for a salvation government
United Nations  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II will address the U.N. General Assembly in July , the British Mission to the United Nations announced Friday . Queen Elizabeth last addressed the General Assembly in 1957 , it said . The queen 's July 6 speech will come at the conclusion of a nine-day trip to Canada with her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh . She will address the United Nations in her capacity as head of state of 16 U.N. member states , the mission said in a news release . Queen Elizabeth is head of state for the United Kingdom , Antigua and Barbuda , Australia , the Bahamas , Barbados , Belize , Canada , Grenada , Jamaica , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu .	Queen Elizabeth II to address U.N. General Assembly in July Queen last addressed U.N. in 1957 Queen is head of state of 16 U.N. member states
From samba and carnival to food , music and religion , African culture is everywhere in Brazil . The cultural heritage stems from the estimated four million slaves who were brought to the country over a 300-year period , at least four times as many as to the United States . Brazil was the last country to abolish the slave trade in 1888 . More than half of Brazilians now identify themselves as black or of mixed race , according to the latest census . Rio de Janeiro now has the most famous carnival in the world , attracting an estimated 1.1 million visitors to the city this year and with 5.3 million people taking part in street parties , according to the English language newspaper The Rio Times . Carnival , which is celebrated across Brazil , combines samba -- music and dance which grew out of Brazil 's black neighborhoods -- and the Catholic tradition of celebrating the run-up to Lent brought by Portuguese colonialists . After the abolition of slavery , the rituals of the Catholic former colonialists and their former slaves merged to form the origins of modern carnival , according to the Rio Times . Mixing sushi and samba - meet the Japanese Brazilians One explanation for the origins of carnival is that it began in a Catholic church , Our Lady of the Rosary , built by slaves in the 1700s whose masters wanted them to convert to Catholicism . "  The black people that were part of this congregation , most of them came from Congo , " said Joao Carlos Desales , a tour guide who took CNN around Rio de Janeiro . "  So they were able to organize a celebration where they would choose a man and a woman , and they would be the king and queen of Congo . That celebration turned out to be the beginning of carnival celebrated in Brazil . " Even many of Brazil 's Catholic saints are said to have African heritage . St Benedict , whose name is remembered in Our Lady of the Rosary church , was a slave from North Africa , who promised to devote himself to Catholicism if he became a free man , Desales said . Brazil 's patron saint , Our Lady of Aparecida , a black clay statue of the Virgin Mary , was -- according to some -- found by runaway slaves on their way to Quilombo , a community of runaway slaves . Quilombo communities continue across Brazil to this day . Luis Sacopa , president of the association of Quilombos , runs a restaurant with his 17 members of his family in a piece of jungle in what is now an expensive suburb of Rio de Janeiro . His grandparents found this piece of land after escaping slavery . The family has fought a legal battle to hold on to its land against the threat of eviction , and now has official protection for their right to remain . "  Thanks to god we have had success and we 're still here at the end of our dispute , " said Sacopa . "  Thanks to god , the family has united , we 're fighting and we 're winning the fight against the elite in this expensive neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro . " Sacopa said he was able to resist eviction with the help of his Orixas , gods of the Yoruba people of Southwest Nigeria , Benin and Togo . In Brazil , the religion is known as Candomble , and it has a large following in some Afro-Brazilian areas , particularly Salvador in Bahia state . Also on Inside Africa : Why Tanzanians believe in witchcraft Candomble was prohibited in Brazil up until the 1950s , but influenced much of the country 's food and music . In Sacopa 's restaurant he serves feijoada , a typical Brazilian dish originally created by slaves from their masters ' leftovers . A new Historical Circuit of African Heritage opened in Rio de Janeiro in 2010 to help tourists and descendants of slaves reconnect with the past slavery . The project began after workers installing a new drainage system in the central districts of Saude and Gamboa discovered hundreds of personal objects belonging to African slaves , according to the Rio Times . Archaeologists established that this was the site of the 19th century slave trading complex , the Cais do Valongo , or Valongo Quays . Many of the discoveries are now on display in the Valongo Gardens , the newspaper reported . Another discovery of recent years is the remains of a squalid slave cemetery in the courtyard of a home in central Rio de Janeiro . Renaldo Tavares , an archeologist who has been studying the discovery , said : "  These are human remains mixed in with the garbage from the city . It shows how society in the 19th century treated slaves . "  Bones , pieces of ceramic , bits from construction , tiles , animal remains , bits of food , society threw all sorts of things in here . Slaves were considered garbage by society . " Ana de la Merced Guimaraes , the homeowner who discovered the bones in her courtyard , said : "  When we started a reform in our house , we found all these bones . We thought it was a family grave , but there was so much we thought maybe it had been a serial killer . "  But then we calmed down and talked about it and called a lawyer and the police . And he said do n't worry , we are n't going to accuse you , it 's probably something very old . "  A neighbor told us , a long time ago , your street was a slave cemetery . " Brazil 's third city Salvador , in Bahia state , northeast Brazil , has some of the strongest links to Africa . Salvador was the first colonial capital of Brazil and its central district , Pelourinho , now a UNESCO world heritage site , was the New World 's first slave market from 1553 , according to UNESCO .	African culture is evident in Brazil 's carnival , music , dance food and religion It was the last country to abolish the slave trade , with an estimated four million slaves shipped over 300 years A Historical Circuit of African Heritage in Rio de Janeiro helps to connect the past and present
CNN  -- Jeremy Rifkin is an internationally renowned economist , social critic and author . Since 1977 he has been president of the Foundation On Economic Trends  FOET  . For the last 14 years he has been a fellow at the Wharton School 's Executive Education Program . He has written 17 highly successful and thought-provoking books including "  The End of Work "  1995  , "  The Hydrogen Economy "  2002  and most recently "  The European Dream "  2004  . Jeremy Rifkin is president of the Foundation On Economic Trends In a career spanning 40 years , Rifkin has examined the emerging trends in science and technology and assessed their cultural , environmental and economic impact on society . He currently serves as an advisor to the European Union , the European Commission , the European Parliament and several EU heads of state on a range of issues relating to energy , climate change and sustainable development . Previously Rifkin has been a key player in shaping public policy in the United States testifying before a host of congressional committees . A fluent and engaging public speaker he regularly lectures to business leaders , politicians and students all over the world .	Jeremy Rifkin is Principal Voices ' Big Thinker on the Economics of Energy Over his career , he has examined emerging trends in science and technology Rifkin has helped shape American public policy and now advises the EU Since 1977 he has been president of the Foundation on Economic Trends
